Following news that Germany's major luxury brands are all planning high-end electric cars to take on Tesla Motors' [NSDQ:TSLA] Model S and upcoming Model X, we now have details on similar plans at Land Rover. The British automaker is rumored to be eying a low-slung, car-like crossover, and if built it's possible the vehicle could come with an all-electric option to rival not only the Tesla Model X but also an electric crossover from Audi.
Just last year, Land Rover unveiled an all-electric version of its iconic Defender, demonstrating that it has the capability to build a vehicle that can deliver zero emissions while retaining Land Rover's legendary all-terrain capability. And Tesla has shown that there is a market for high-end electric vehicles, with its Model S outselling vehicles like the Audi A8 and BMW 7-Series in some markets.
MUST SEE: Watch Dodge Build The 2015 Challenger SRT Hellcat With VIN0001: Video
According to Autocar, Land Rover is unlikely to launch an electric version of one its existing SUVs as the vehicle will have to feature a shape that's efficient enough to see it match or come close to the 265-mile driving range of the Tesla Model S. The vehicle would also be expensive, so to offset this it will likely come loaded with luxuries as standard.
While launching such a vehicle would be risky, it may be necessary to not only keep up with rivals but also for preparedness for future emissions regulations. A vehicle with zero emissions will help offset the emissions of Land Rover's gasoline- and diesel-powered vehicles when it comes to fleet averages. Furthermore, in its quest to reduce pollution, China, the world's largest market for high-end vehicles, is introducing new mandates for electric cars. For example, 30 percent of Chinese government vehicles must be powered by alternative energy by 2016. _______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Politicians are constantly reminding us about the debt we are leaving for children, but it seems that our children aren't really bothered — since they mistakenly think they'll be getting all our cash as well. According to USA Today, a recent survey of teenagers and college kids (13-22 years old) says that 40 percent of them believe they won't need to save for retirement, because their parents will leave them an inheritance.
Which is too bad for most of those kids, since only 16 percent of parents say they are planning to leave anything behind.
Even most adults these days aren't fully prepared for retirement, either because they didn't start planning early enough or their plans went off the rails during the Great Recession. So it should probably be a matter of some concern that the generations below them seem blissfully unaware of what the last few years have done to their "fortunes." When even current retirees don't believe Social Security will outlast them, how do the kids who haven't started paying into it think it will survive? If they want to leave something to their future children, never mind themselves, the latest generation better get cracking on those savings accounts.
Photo by Denis Nata via Shutterstock
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Researchers from MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) have created an algorithm that can predict how memorable or forgettable an image is almost as accurately as humans — and they plan to turn it into an app that subtly tweaks photos to make them more memorable.
For each photo, the “MemNet” algorithm — which you can try out online by uploading your own photos — also creates a heat map that identifies exactly which parts of the image are most memorable.
“Understanding memorability can help us make systems to capture the most important information, or, conversely, to store information that humans will most likely forget,” says CSAIL graduate student Aditya Khosla, who was lead author on a related paper. “It's like having an instant focus group that tells you how likely it is that someone will remember a visual message.”
Team members picture a variety of potential applications, from improving the content of ads and social media posts, to developing more effective teaching resources, to creating your own personal “health-assistant” device to help you remember things.
Part of the project the team has also published the world's largest image-memorability dataset, LaMem. With 60,000 images, each annotated with detailed metadata about qualities such as popularity and emotional impact, LaMem is the team's effort to spur further research on what they say has often been an under-studied topic in computer vision.
The paper was co-written by CSAIL graduate student Akhil Raju, Professor Antonio Torralba, and principal research scientist Aude Oliva, who serves as senior investigator of the work. Khosla will present the paper in Chile this week at the International Conference on Computer Vision.
How it works
The team previously developed a similar algorithm for facial memorability. What's notable about the new one, besides the fact that it can now perform at near-human levels, is that it uses techniques from “deep-learning,” a field of artificial intelligence that use systems called “neural networks” to teach computers to sift through massive amounts of data to find patterns all on their own.
Such techniques are what drive Apple's Siri, Google's auto-complete, and Facebook's photo-tagging, and what have spurred these tech giants to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on deep-learning startups.
“While deep-learning has propelled much progress in object recognition and scene understanding, predicting human memory has often been viewed as a higher-level cognitive process that computer scientists will never be able to tackle,” Oliva says. “Well, we can, and we did!”
Neural networks work to correlate data without any human guidance on what the underlying causes or correlations might be. They are organized in layers of processing units that each perform random computations on the data in succession. As the network receives more data, it readjusts to produce more accurate predictions.
The team fed its algorithm tens of thousands of images from several different datasets, including LaMem and the scene-oriented SUN and Places (all of which were developed at CSAIL). The images had each received a “memorability score” based on the ability of human subjects to remember them in online experiments.
The team then pitted its algorithm against human subjects by having the model predicting how memorable a group of people would find a new never-before-seen image. It performed 30 percent better than existing algorithms and was within a few percentage points of the average human performance.
For each image, the algorithm produces a heat map showing which parts of the image are most memorable. By emphasizing different regions, they can potentially increase the image's memorability.
“CSAIL researchers have done such manipulations with faces, but I'm impressed that they have been able to extend it to generic images,” says Alexei Efros, an associate professor of computer science at the University of California at Berkeley. “While you can somewhat easily change the appearance of a face by, say, making it more ‘smiley,' it is significantly harder to generalize about all image types.”
Looking ahead
The research also unexpectedly shed light on the nature of human memory. Khosla says he had wondered whether human subjects would remember everything if they were shown only the most memorable images.
“You might expect that people will acclimate and forget as many things as they did before, but our research suggests otherwise,” he says. “This means that we could potentially improve people's memory if we present them with memorable images.”
The team next plans to try to update the system to be able to predict the memory of a specific person, as well as to better tailor it for individual “expert industries” such as retail clothing and logo design.
“This sort of research gives us a better understanding of the visual information that people pay attention to,” Efros says. “For marketers, movie-makers and other content creators, being able to model your mental state as you look at something is an exciting new direction to explore.”
The work is supported by grants from the National Science Foundation, as well as the McGovern Institute Neurotechnology Program, the MIT Big Data Initiative at CSAIL, research awards from Google and Xerox, and a hardware donation from Nvidia.
THAT is what they will be doing in Raleigh Thursday. As the “honorables” stagger back into town for their litigation-inspired special session, the good folks at Grass Roots NC will be waiting for them:
LET'S REMIND OUR REPUBLICANS WHO
PUT THEM IN OFFICE.
Remember in the last election how the Republican candidates couldn't get enough love from pro-second amendment North Carolinians? Remember how they promised to be the stalwart guardians of your gun rights?
As expected, they have forgotten who “brung 'em to the dance.” We know this because House Bill 746 is stuck in the Senate — the result of petty quibbling and inactivity. Politicians are always at risk of becoming complacent (especially when their party holds a supermajority in both the house and the senate), and they sometimes need to be reminded of who they work for.
Worse yet: we know that Michael Bloomberg's out-of-state money has been hard at work in North Carolina, with a few well-paid operatives whispering fear and doubt into the ears of our elected leaders. This isn't a new game for them, since they prognosticate doom about every pro-Second Amendment measure that comes up … and when these pro-gun bills are passed into law, their fears of doom are proven to be completely unfounded. Still, we want to make sure that responsible, law-abiding gun owners are being seen and heard by their elected leaders. Let's remind them that rich New Yorkers and a few paid minions don't speak for us in our state legislature.
The General Assembly returns for a special session on Thursday August 3, and we've planned a gun rights rally for the mall area between the Legislature and the Legislative Office Building. Most importantly: we need YOU there to join the chorus of North Carolina's law-abiding, responsible gun owners. Together, we can encourage our leaders to move House Bill 746 in this special session.
The demonstration will take place on Thursday August 3 at 11:00 AM. This will be a safe, fun, family-oriented event where we will introduce a new figure to North Carolina's political scene: Squish the Magic RINO!
Immediate Action Required?
RSVP on the GRNC website and let us know that you can attend the rally (https://www.grnc.org/august-3-demonstration).
British Prime Minister Theresa May has been criticised for calling a General Election for 8 June — because it falls during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Muslim politicians from the Labour and Scottish National parties said holding the election during a month of fasting could lead to reduced voter turnout in areas with high Muslim populations, the London Evening Standard reports.
Labour MP Rushanara Ali, who represents Bethnal Green and Bow in East London, said: “The fact that the general election will fall in the middle of Ramadan is not ideal.
“Holding an election during Ramadan means there could be a disproportionate effect on voter turnout in those constituencies with a sizeable Muslim population.
“If anyone thinks that their ability to go and vote will be affected, I urge them to register for a postal vote.”
Her colleague Yasmin Qureshi, MP for Bolton South East, agreed, adding: “It is unfortunate that Theresa May has scheduled the election to take place during the holy month of Ramadan.
“I know this will present challenges to Muslim voters and those who wish to campaign. At best I can only suggest that this did not even feature in her thinking, which is disappointing.”
Humza Yousaf, the Scottish Minister for Transport, said that Muslims could feel that “they were certainly not even factored at all into the conversation” about having an election, saying “it will have an impact, I suspect, on turnout”.
However, the suggestion has been rubbished by Muslim groups.
The Muslim Council of Britain said it could see “no reason” why it should have any impact on Muslim voters, adding: “Muslims fasting during Ramadan will go about their normal daily activities and taking time out to cast a vote will have no impact on their choice to do so.”
Sayed Yousif Al-Khoei OBE, chairman of the Shi'a Muslim Al-Khoei Foundation, also said: “In general, Ramadan and fasting is not supposed to impede normal life. It's supposed to be a spiritual experience.”
“The spiritual uplifting of fasting should really make a Muslim more resilient and that should not really be a pretext for not voting, and I encourage everyone to use their right to vote,” he added.
Haden Blackman, project lead on Star Wars Galaxies and The Force Unleashed, is leading a new studio within 2K to work on an unannounced new-gen project.
The studio, called Hangar 13, is currently expanding with the intention of entering the AAA game development space. Though its game is a mystery, it sounds like it will be an experience with a very malleable, player-driven story.
In a press release announcing the new studio Blackman wrote, “At Hangar 13, our mantra is ‘Every player story is unique. Our ambition is to create next-generation games that allow players to shape their own experiences, from the moment-to-moment gameplay, to the long-term impact on the world, characters and narrative. To realize this goal, we're building proprietary technology and assembling a core team passionate about delivering mature experiences loaded with meaningful choices.”
Before establishing Hangar 13, Blackman was franchise director for Star Wars video games with LucasArts. For more on the fall of LucasArts, head here.
Our Take
As the franchise director for Star Wars video games with LucasArts, Blackman was deeply embedded in George Lucas' universe for some time. He had his lows (Star Wars: The Force Unleashed II), but he was also involved in some impressive peaks (Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic). I'm interested to see what Hangar 13 and Blackman can do outside of Star Wars.
The push by prime minister Malcolm Turnbull and the Coalition for “baseload dispatchable” power and his enthusiasm for new “state-of-the-art” coal fired power stations has all the hallmarks of the Trump administration's campaign against renewables.
Turnbull, as we reported on Tuesday, says he will ask the Australian Energy Market Operator to assess the need for something called “continuous power” or “baseload dispatchable” energy to replace Hazelwood and other coal generators that will retire in the next decade.
He even said how pleased he would be to see a “state-of-the-art coal plant being built, and even funded and built by government – which presumably would be the only way it could access the sort of indemnities and cheap finance that could make it competitive with renewables and storage.
His comments are more about political games within his own party, but it highlights the fact that the Coalition cannot progress beyond the old fashioned idea that centralised, baseload fossil fuel generators is the only way to achieve “energy security.”
Even AGL, the largest operator of coal fired generation in Australia has debunked this. “We don't see anything baseload other than renewables,” said CEO Andy Vesey on Wednesday. “There a lot of misinformation out there.”
In the US, energy secretary Rick Perry has been pursuing a similar line to Turnbull. Perry, who this week again rejected climate science and now heads a department he vowed to dismantle, launched a 60-day study examining the impact of wind and solar on fossil baseload power plants.
Perry has made it clear that he would like to undo all the state-based renewable energy targets, an ambition shared by both Turnbull and his energy minister Josh Frydenberg. The premise is that baseload power is the only way to guarantee energy supply.
This has been called out as complete nonsense by energy market regulators in California, the state with the most renewable energy in the country.
David Hochschild, a commissioner with the California Energy Commission, the state's primary energy policy and planning agency, and David Olsen, a member of the California Independent System Operator Board of Governors, which runs the state's electric grid, wrote:
“While a convenient myth for the fossil-fuel industry, this is nonsense. To begin with, in the interest of national security, the military itself has become a national leader in adopting renewable energy. The U.S. Navy, for example, is quickly moving toward its goal of using 50 percent renewable energy by 2020. “In California, which has installed more clean energy than any other state, there have been no threats to the reliability of the electric grid caused by renewables. Instead, the three biggest threats to our grid over the last 20 years came from market manipulation (Enron et al, during the 2001 energy crisis), a nuclear plant failure (San Onofre, 2012) and the largest natural gas leak in history (Aliso Canyon gas storage facility, 2015). Rather than create these emergencies, renewable energy was part of the solution and continued to operate reliably and prevented these events from becoming worse. “Almost two-thirds of the new electric generation capacity added to the grid in the United States over the last two years has come from wind and solar. From a reliability perspective, this is a positive development. In August 2011, when a heat wave in Texas shut down 20 natural gas plants, it was wind power that kept the electric grid operator from having to black out areas of the state. In Iowa, wind power now provides 37 percent of the state's electricity with no reduction in reliability.”
These comments have similarities in Australia. Its recent outages have been caused by storms and network failures, software bungles, and the failure of fossil fuel generators in the middle of a heat wave. They have had nothing to do with the nature of variable wind and solar at all.
Greentech Media published this graph below, from the head of NextTracker, a company that installs tracking equipment on large scale solar farms, including in Australia, that shows that the countries with the highest amounts of wind and solar have much higher reliability than the US.
The point that Greenwich Media underlines is that this is not about the nature of technology, but it is dependent on numerous other factors, such as the resilience of the network, the grid management, and other issues.
Indeed, away from the party room politics of conservatives, and the vested interests of the fossil fuel lobby, few people see a future in centralised baseload coal generators, or “continuous dispatchable power” or however you want to describe it.
The head of UK's National Grid has said that the era of centralised generation is coming to an end, the head of China's State Grid holds the same views. Numerous studies have suggested that the key to the future is indeed dispatchable generation, but it does not need to be fossil fuel or even baseload.
Flexibility is the key, and presumably since we are supposed to be serious about climate targets, so are zero emissions.
It's just as well, then, that Turnbull has passed the assessment of new generation over to the AEMO, whose new CEO Audrey Zibelman has made clear her preference for smarter, cleaner, cheaper, and more reliable technologies – such as storage, demand management, energy efficiency and localised generation – rather than the decades-old practice of stuffing new large scale generation into the grid to try and solve every problem.
Drugged with beer and cocaine and left to freeze to death, 500-year-old mummies of sacrificed Inca children reveal their secrets
Archaeologists discover traces of coca leaves and beer in Incan mummies
The mummies of the three children were discovered in 1999 in Argentina
They are the best naturally preserved group of mummies found so far
Her body is so perfectly preserved that it is hard to believe this girl died more than 500 years ago.
But what is even more remarkable is that scientists today have been able to learn the secrets of her death – by analysing her hair.
The 13-year-old Incan girl was heavily dosed with alcohol and coca leaves, which form the basis of cocaine, before being left to die of exposure high in the Andes as a sacrifice.
Scroll down for video
The children included a 13-year-old known as the 'Llullaillaco Maiden' whose remains were struck by lightning and charred. She was well fed and chosen for her beauty and possibly nobility
Axial radiograph of the interior of the mouth, showing the coca (green) held between the teeth. Coca and alcohol were substances that induced altered states interpreted as sacred and which could suggest to victims and those associated with them the proximity of the divine beings 3D visualisations of the Maiden's cranium (yellow), teeth (orange), tongue (red) and the coca (green). The Maiden had pieces of coca leaves on her mouth
CAPACOCHA: THE RITUAL OF DEATH Capacocha was a ritual that took place upon the death of an Inca king.
The local lords were required to select unblemished children representing the ideal of human perfection.
Children were married and presented with sets of miniature human and llama figurines in gold, silver, copper and shell.
The male figures have elongated earlobes and a braided headband and the female figurines wore their hair in plaited.
The children were then returned to their original communities, where they were honoured before being sacrificed to the mountain gods on the Llullaillaco Volcano (pictured).
Known as the Ice Maiden, she is one of three children found in stone tombs on a mountain in Argentina.
The girl, the eldest of the three, was found cross-legged, with her head slumped forward and her hands resting in her lap.
She wore a feather headdress over her tightly braided hair and there were coca leaves between her teeth and balled up behind her cheek.
The children were discovered in 1999.
They are believed to have been sacrificed in a ceremony called capacocha, a ritual thought to have been used to instil fear and help control members of the rapidly expanding Inca empire.
Analysis of the children's hair, which still contains a chemical fingerprint of their diet, shows that all three were plied with drugs and alcohol to subdue them in the months before they died.
Amounts were particularly high in the 13-year-old girl, perhaps because she showed more resistance.
The chemical analysis was carried out by researchers at the University of Bradford, and published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The researchers said the coca leaves, which release a mild stimulant when chewed and sucked, would have helped her cope with the demands of altitude.
Ritual killings were common within the Incan culture. In 1999 three Children of Llullaillaco, who found deep frozen were found with an extraordinary collection of elaborate gold, silver and shell statues, textiles and pots containing food The children included a 13-year-old known as the 'Llullaillaco Maiden'
Child sacrifice was called capacocha. The process of capacocha could begin years before the selected person was killed. A mummified body of a child who was killed during one such sacrifice is pictured here
The older girl's face - which showed red ochre markings - was creased from the place it rested on her shawl
The chicha, an alcoholic drink made from fermented maize, would have helped her deal with the cold.
But it could also have hastened her death by stopping her from shivering.
There is no evidence that the girl, known as the Llullaillaco Maiden after the mountain in northwest Argentina, was brutally killed.
Lost productivity caused by workers' depression and anxiety costs the Canadian economy almost $50 billion a year, according to a new report released Thursday.
The Conference Board of Canada said in the report that depression costs the economy at least $32.3 billion annually, while anxiety costs another $17.3 billion a year.
Worker productivity is lost through both absenteeism — when employees are away from their jobs — and presenteeism — when they go to work while sick and perform with reduced productivity, the group says.
Louis Thériault, vice-president of public policy at the Conference Board, said a large proportion of working Canadians have unmet mental health needs that prevent from performing at their peak.
The prevalence of depression varies enormously by industry, with the accommodation, food services and retail trade sectors topping the list, Thériault said.
"[They are] sectors where the labour market is more precarious, job permanency is less [and] there's more turnover," he said.
The report should serve as a wake-up call that employers need to act more strategically about the issue of mental health, he said. While much of the focus on dealing with mental health issues centres on government, attention isn't typically given to the role of employers, he added.
"This highlights the fact that there is a [return on investment]." he said. "There is a gain for the employer in acting … on mental health in the workplace."
The Conference Board's report goes on to say that mental illness can prevent some people from working full-time or part-time, and that almost a quarter of Canadians living with mental health issues are unable to work.
The report adds that if all these Canadians had access to better treatments and supports, the economy could see up to 352,000 Canadians with depression or anxiety enter the workforce as fully functional employees each year until 2035.
In terms of disability benefits, mental illness represents a significant cost to employers, the Conference Board says. It accounts for about 30 per cent of all short- and long-term disability claims, with the value of these claims ranging from $15 billion to $33 billion annually.
Remember the protests by atheists in front of theaters showing God's Not Dead, a movie that portrays non-believers in a bad light? Remember the demands for a ban, the shoving matches with theatergoers, the destruction of ticket machines and popcorn stands, and the ugly beatings?
Me neither.
Other groups sometimes do things a little differently from us, though.
Case in point: The recent Indian film Messenger of God. The flick is offensive to a lot of Sikhs, mostly because it stars Gurmeet Singh Ram Rahim, the head of a blasphemous (to Sikhs) sect called the Dera Sachcha Sauda. I wrote about the kerfuffle last month.
The bad blood persists, and now one Sikh organization is calling for a ban — and making veiled threats that sound vaguely familiar.
We want a ban on the movie… we are strongly against the movie, which if released, can cause tension in the society and hurt religious sentiments of many sections,” Jagdish Singh Jhinda, President of Haryana Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee (HSGMC), said. He warned that if the film is screened by any of the theatre or multiplex in Sirsa or elsewhere in Haryana, it will be the owners who will be responsible for the consequences.
Where have we heard that kind of reasoning before?
Mr. Singh speaks like a wife-batterer who sees his violent handiwork and gets mad all over again: Look what you made me do!
No one is forced to buy a ticket to see Messenger of God, so it's already a stretch to call for a ban. To threaten violence on top of that (or to say that if violence breaks out, it's just desserts for blasphemers) goes from delusional self-importance to borderline incitement.
Religionists who harm theater owners showing a contested film are responsible for their own actions. No amount of victim-blaming will change that, although a case can be made that frenzy-peddling yahoos like Jagdish Singh Jhinda must shoulder much of the disgrace and some of the culpability.
Poster Portraits - Han Solo and the Millennium Falcon! By The Senate on 2016-02-16 18:30:00 Straight from your wall to your digital card shelf: Our new Poster Portrait series! Featuring close-up portraits of your favorite characters blended into wide shots from the films. Collect Yoda on Dagobah, overseeing Luke Skywalkerâ€™s Jedi training. Or Princess Leia, hosting the Royal Award Ceremony after the destruction of the Death Star!
Set Information:
19 card set with the 20th being the award. Today's card is Han Solo - Millennium Falcon!
Odds and Card Counts:
B&W - available for 48-hours in Regular and Master Packs - 1:20
Sepia - 1,000 - Master Pack - 1:85
Color - 150
The Color variant will be given to the top 150 fans who have the most points from pulling the B&W and Sepia Variants in a 48-hour period. Here is how points are calculated:
1 point for each B&W card you pull.
10 points for each Sepia card you pull.
Picking up "Poster Portraits B&W Bundle" from the "Credits & Special Offers" tab will give you a pack with a guaranteed B&W variant!
In addition, picking up a "Poster Portraits Sepia Bundle" will give you a pack with a guaranteed Sepia variant, a guaranteed B&W variant, and THREE Orange Base Series 3/The Force Awakens Base Series 1 cards!
NOTE: B&W and Sepia cards will be excluded from trading for 48-hours after their release. Also, in the event of a tie with points, the first tie-breaker will be the amount of Sepia cards. The next tiebreaker will be given to earlier pulls.
These posters may have adorned your bedroom wall at some point, but in Star Wars Card Trader, now you can take them with you anywhere! Head to the Cantina!
AAP leader Shazia Ilmi on Wednesday cited personal reasons for not wanting to contest Lok Sabha polls from Rae Bareli.
"There are family issues and I have made it very clear that I will not contest from Raebareli two months back. My daughter's exams are also going on," she said.
She also said she had knew nobody in Raebareli and hence, is uncomfortable contesting from there.
ALSO READ: BJP takes a dig at AAP after Shazia denies contesting LS polls from Raebareli
"I was always interested in contesting from Delhi. The party is aware of my decision. I did feel bad, but its not a revolt against AAP. I will continue to work for my party," she said.
Reacting on her statement, Kumar Vishwas said that she is free to express her wishes and unlike Cong or BJP, AAP will respect her decision.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The $180m (£135m) satellite project will be used to explore space and help in looking for extraterrestrial life, said state media outlet Xinhua
China has fitted the final piece on what will be the world's largest radio telescope, due to begin operations in September, state media report.
The 500m-wide Aperture Spherical Telescope, or FAST, is the size of 30 football fields.
The $180m (£135m) satellite project will be used to explore space and help look for extraterrestrial life, Xinhua news agency reported.
Advancing China's space program remains a key priority for Beijing.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rebecca Morelle takes a close up tour of China's new Five-hundred-metre Aperture Spherical Telescope - or Fast for short
Scientists are now due to start debugging and trials of the telescope, Zheng Xiaonian, deputy head of the National Astronomical Observation under the Chinese Academy of Sciences told Xinhua.
What will the telescope do?
Survey neutral hydrogen in distant galaxies and detect faint pulsars (highly magnetised balls of neutrons)
More than 2,000 pulsars so far said to have been detected
Improve the chances of detecting low frequency gravitational waves
Help in the search for extraterrestrial life
Sources: Xinhua, South China Morning Post
FAST will replace the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico, which is around 300m (984ft) in diameter, as the world's largest telescope.
Image copyright AP Image caption Scientists are now due to start debugging and trials of the telescope, which took about five years to build
China has stated that its space program has peaceful purposes, but the US Defence Department has said it was pursuing activities aimed to "prevent adversaries from using space-based assets in a crisis," reported news agency Reuters.
Beijing is due to launch a "core module" for its first space station in 2018.
Whether you keep up with celebrity affairs or not, you can't really ignore the Kardashians—and you definitely can't avoid knowing what people think about them. When Kim Kardashian posted a nude selfie on Twitter this week, there was a smattering of “you go girl” support, but also a wave of criticism about her immodesty or her pathological need for attention. The response from the public and from other celebrities said a lot about what we think of Kim Kardashian, but even more about what we think of women's bodies and sexuality. In a culture where we see billboard-sized images of boobs on the daily, why is it this nude picture that makes everyone clutch their pearls?
When a woman is depicted in a sexualized way, with no depth beyond her appearance in order to sell beer, cars or sandwiches, we call it advertising. We see it everywhere in public space and in media, and hardly anyone ever objects.
When overtly sexual or nude photos and videos of women are posted online or nude photos are printed in magazines, we call it porn. We don't see it everywhere in the public space, but we're aware of its ubiquity, and as a culture we look the other way. We say, “Boys will be boys.” Looking at porn is as all-American as sneaking a look at your father's Playboy. Yet being a porn star is considered incredibly shameful for a young woman.
It's OK to look at porn. It's OK to consume images of women's bodies. It's not OK to offer up your body to be seen.
The women in porn are almost always presented as passive to the male gaze, unyielding, with no complication of a personality, no danger to the male ego of possibly hearing the word “no,” existing only for the pleasure of men's eyes. The women in advertising are often cut up into body parts—just a midriff, just a pair of legs—or turned into objects. Those are the times a woman's form and sexuality are acceptable. But if you are a woman just feeling yourself and expressing your sexuality, presenting yourself the way you feel like at any given moment, or leveraging your own power or sexual energy, you are condemned and disrespected, maybe even threatened, assaulted or killed.
When a woman is feeling good about the way she looks—empowered, beautiful or confident in her appearance—and expresses this feeling by taking a photo of herself, clothed or nude, and sharing it online, we punish her. We call her names like “slut,” “trash,” “attention-starved,” “a bad mother,” “a bad role model.” If her photos are stolen, we say she deserved it. The message is that it's OK to commodify a woman's body, it's OK to co-opt female sexuality, as long as the woman in question is passive in it and it's for someone else's commercial gain or the express use of men's sexual titillation and gratification.
It's telling that when women are demeaned for expressing their sexuality they are called whores, hoes, hookers and prostitutes—words used as slurs for sex workers. The idea that sex work is not inherently immoral or shameful, and that sex workers should have the same rights and value as all women, is so radical that mainstream feminism still has a hard time accepting it. But the use of these slurs shows that our culture's scorn of sex workers is, at heart, a basic feminist issue. We love to commodify women, but hate and fear women who commodify themselves.
Women are set up to lose. Whether it's someone claiming a sex worker can't be raped, calling Kim Kardashian names, or sending a middle school-aged girl home for wearing shorts said to be distracting to boys—it's all connected, and none of it is really about sex. It's about controlling women and girls, about eroding their rights, power, agency and autonomy. Our bodies and sexuality have been made into a catch-22: You can look at a woman's body, but she can't show it. You can enjoy our bodies, but we can't.
Women are told since they are little girls to cover up, to be modest, because men have no self control and no ultimate responsibility for their own desires for sex and domination and power over women. Women are taught to take on the responsibility for men's behavior, because women are too enticing. Boys are not taught to respect all women. Instead, girls are taught the very confusing and conflicting messages that their value is in their physical appearance, but that it can also justifiably provoke someone to hurt them.
Modesty, in this case, is presented as though it's a form of protection, a defense against men's impulsiveness. But anyone who's been sexually harassed on the street while wearing a puffy winter coat—and that's pretty much all of us—can tell you that covering up won't protect you from the violent expression of male desire. And in fact, the whole concept of “modesty” doesn't just fail to protect women—it's actively harmful. It perpetuates the idea that women are not to be respected if they “show too much skin,” or because of what they wear, or how much makeup they have on. It perpetuates the idea that men have a right to sexualize women without their input or consent. Modesty doesn't keep women safe, and it isn't really intended to keep them safe. It's intended to reserve for men the right to decide when a woman's body is displayed and who gets to look at it.
Our culture treats women's bodies as if they only have worth when they are serving someone other than themselves: men's gaze, commercialism, the concepts of sexual innocence or “purity” that uphold religious ideas. When a woman's choice comes into it, that's when it's a problem. Only then. That is when she is devalued.
THIS IS RAPE CULTURE. A culture that upholds a norm of women's bodies being used, but demeans her self-ownership and choice. The double standard is nauseating.
A woman who chooses to post a nude photo, who clearly understands exactly what she is doing, who is expressing herself and feeling liberated, is someone who is actively rejecting rape culture. She is choosing not to attempt to conform to the standards that are presented to her, knowing there is no winning that game anyway. A woman's body is a battleground. People are fighting for ownership of it. Nipples become a problem. Bare asses become political. When you claim your own body and decide to do the thing that you feel best doing, whether that is to cover it all up or take it all off, any of those choices need to be OK for women to make for themselves. That is true freedom and true choice. Women's bodies are not the problem. How we respond to women's bodies is the problem.
An empowered woman is dangerous because a woman who can say yes is also a woman who can say no.
This story first appeared at The Establishment. Read more:
Nina Simone, Zoe Saldana, And Light-Skinned Fragility
The Problematic Rape Reporting On ‘This American Life'
Why Is Kesha's Abuse Being Used To Shame Taylor Swift?
Photo via Kim Kardashian's Instagram
Jayn Griffith lives, bikes and writes in Philadelphia where she works at a nonprofit, works to generate discussion and build community through her feminist collective Girl Army and is on the organizer team for the March to End Rape Culture.
An EA Games server has been compromised by hackers and is now hosting a phishing site which targets Apple ID account holders.
The compromised server is used by two websites in the ea.com domain, and is ordinarily used to host a calendar based on WebCalendar 1.2.0. This version was released in September 2008 and contains several security vulnerabilities which have been addressed in subsequent releases. For example, CVE-2012-5385 details a vulnerability which allows an unauthenticated attacker to modify settings and possibly execute arbitrary code. It is likely that one of these vulnerabilities was used to compromise the server, as the phishing content is located in the same directory as the WebCalendar application.
The phishing site attempts to trick a victim into submitting his Apple ID and password. It then presents a second form which asks the victim to verify his full name, card number, expiration date, verification code, date of birth, phone number, mother's maiden name, plus other details that would be useful to a fraudster. After submitting these details, the victim is redirected to the legitimate Apple ID website at https://appleid.apple.com/cgi-bin/WebObjects/MyAppleId.woa/
The compromised server is hosted within EA's own network. Compromised internet-visible servers are often used as "stepping stones" to attack internal servers and access data which would otherwise be invisible to the internet, although there is no obvious outward facing evidence to suggest that this has happened.
In this case, the hacker has managed to install and execute arbitrary PHP scripts on the EA server, so it is likely that he can at least also view the contents of the calendar and some of the source code and other data present on the server. The mere presence of old software can often provide sufficient incentive for a hacker to target one system over another, and to spend more time looking for additional vulnerabilities or trying to probe deeper into the internal network.
As well as hosting phishing sites, EA Games is also the target of phishing attacks which try to steal credentials from users of its Origin digital distribution platform. For example, the following site — which has been online for more than a week — is attempting to steal email addresses, passwords and security question answers.
EA's Origin servers also came under attack earlier this year, causing connectivity and login problems in various EA games. A tweet by @DerpTrolling appeared to claim responsibility for the outages, while also suggesting that it was a distributed denial of service attack which caused the problems.
We've directed the Gaben Laser Beam™ @ the EA login servers. Origin #offline — DERP (@DerpTrolling) January 3, 2014
("Gaben" is a reference to Gabe Newell, managing director of Valve Corporation, which owns the competing Steam digital distribution platform)
Netcraft has blocked access to all phishing sites mentioned in this article, and informed EA yesterday that their server has been compromised. However, the vulnerable server — and the phishing content — is still online at the time of publication.
The Audited by Netcraft service provides a means of regularly testing internet infrastructure for old and vulnerable software, faulty configurations, weak encryption and other issues which would fail to meet the PCI DSS standard. These automated scans can be run as frequently as every day, and can be augmented by Netcraft's Web Application Security Testing service, which provides a much deeper manual analysis of a web application by an experienced security professional.
You would think the Boston Red Sox, who are dead last in the AL East, 18 games out of first place entering play yesterday, would have more to worry about than putting the legal screws to Peter Manderino.
But you would be wrong.
Understand that for most of his 34 years, Peter Manderino has been a devout Red Sox fan. He was raised in Hanover, went to B.C. High and Boston College, and promptly grew an IT company that serviced government contracts until the bust of 2008 dried things up.
That's when his hobby of playing pick-up hockey morphed into StinkySocks Hockey — a business that now has about 4,500 players of various skill levels on its computerized rolls.
A former girlfriend, who'd grown tired of smelling the “stinky socks” Manderino stored with his hockey gear, inadvertently gave the enterprise its name.
Now, if the Boston Red Sox and their New York lawyers had decided to file their opposition to Peter Manderino's StinkySocks trademark request, say, last week … well, you might be able to see their logic.
This season, our Red Sox are indeed stinky.
But Manderino was informed of the Sox' “opposition” to his request for a registered StinkySocks trademark last October, when our bearded boys were rolling to another World Series crown.
So far, the Red Sox have extended the 90-day negotiation period several times in a case that seems destined for the U.S. Trade and Patent court in Virginia.
“The Red Sox' lawyer made it clear from the beginning they felt the name, StinkySocks, was disparaging of their brand,” Manderino said, “that we were suggesting the Red Sox were stinky.
“What they asked is that we change our name, the red, white and blue colors of our jerseys and the font of the lettering,” he added, “then they wouldn't oppose our registration. In other words, the Red Sox wanted us to change our entire brand.”
All the Red Sox, a $1.5 billion enterprise, are demanding is that Manderino, who runs StinkySocks Hockey out of a small Dorchester office, spend thousands he doesn't have to re-outfit his players in new jerseys.
“They've already made an investment in state-of-the-art jerseys with our logo, that happen to be reversible, so teams can be distinguished,” Manderino said, “I can't ask them to do that again.”
The Red Sox declined comment on any of this.
Their lawyers in New York referred me to the office of Major League Baseball where a guy, who didn't want his name used, told me that MLB brands are valuable and must be protected even from Little Leaguers, whose tiny Cubs and Dodgers logos often “infringe” on the big guys.
“We don't like to do this,” the guy told me, “problem is, if we let one go through, then … well, you know.”
No, I'm not sure I do. As an entrepreneur, Peter Manderino is in awe of how John Henry, Larry Lucchino and Tom Werner have transformed the Red Sox into an indispensable part of the Boston landscape.
“I've always felt they've been good community partners who've supported small business,” Manderino said. “We happen to be a small business looking to be innovative in what we do.”
The other half of Manderino's StinkySocks logo is “… hockey redefined.”
“We guarantee all our players time on the ice for a great workout, free of the ‘Fight Club' shenanigans that goes on in less-structured, less-organized situations,” he said. “Because no one wants to get up and go to the office in the morning sporting a black eye.”
And guess where a few of those StinkySocks players who've gone to their offices without a black eye or split lip, happen to work? Yes, that would be the Boston Red Sox.
Corey Lewandowski is moving from working on Donald Trump's presidential campaign to talking about it.
The former high-level Trump campaign manager is joining CNN as a commentator, a spokesperson for the Time Warner-owned cable-news network confirmed Thursday. The news was reported previously by Politico. The network did not initially release details about his exact duties or the length of his contract.
Politico reported the deal would make Lewandowski exclusive to CNN, presumably giving the network an instant expert in all things Trump to lure viewers to its political coverage.
Lewandowski was fired from the Trump campaign Monday, and sometimes became part of the news cycle he helped to spin. In March, Michelle Fields, then a reporter for Breitbart News, alleged she was grabbed forcefully by Lewandowski as she approached his candidate to ask a question. He was charged with a simple count of battery in Jupiter, Florida, though he maintained his innocence. The Palm Beach County State Attorney declined to prosecute, citing insufficient evidence for a criminal investigation.
He can speak about more than the world of Trump. Lewandowski is a former lobbyist who has worked for several campaigns. He also ran for political office himself – once in New Hampshire and once in Massachusetts – though he did not win in either instance.
Graffiti meets sculpture in colorful figures that explode through the canvas
Advertisement
A French artist is blending graffiti, sculpture and traditional painting to create a series of stunning artworks that literally jump out of the canvas.
Marchal Mithouard, whose tag name is Shaka, uses a variety of everyday objects for his striking pieces which feature aggressive figures portrayed in stunning vibrant colours.
The technique, known as bas-relief, involves making certain elements of the work more prominent than others by either carving away material or adding new layers. It is not new having been used widely in Italy during the Renaissance and even earlier in other parts of the world.
One of the incredible pieces by French artist Marchal Mithouard, who goes by the monicker Shaka, which blend graffiti with sculpture Mithouard, whose works appear to have an underlying theme of revolt and rebellion, has created art that literally jumps out of the canvas However by incorporating street art techniques and using a vast array of bright and vivid colours, Mithouard has created something that is decisively 21st century. RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Water Wigs: Hilarious images of bald men getting hit by... A watery sunset in Hawaii: Crystal clear photographs of... Share this article Share Mithouard whose paintings have an underlying theme of revolt and rebellion says his foremost influences include Vincent van Gogh, Le Caravage and Expressionism.
Wild bunch: This snarling group of men, portrayed in vivid technicolour, appear to jump out of the canvas in another of Shaka's pieces
Trolley dash: The aggressive human figures formed from a multitude of intertwined objects are partially inspired by the works of Caravaggio, Arcimboldo, and Van Gogh
Mother and child: The technique, known as bas-relief, involves making certain elements of the work more prominent than others either carving away material or adding new layers
There are actually no scientific arguments why regular good formulated creams and serums can't be used as an eye cream. In some way I see the concept of an eye cream a marketing plot, tricking consumers into buying regular cream versions in a small jar!. Most eye creams come in 15 ml packaging and are super expensive compared to regular creams. Still, I kept trying some eye creams just out of curiosity. Today I will review the Mizon snail repair eye cream.
There was a time when I thought that eye creams should be part of a skincare routine, and using a regular face cream for under the eye area would be a no-no. This was before my AB (Asian beauty) time, my main reasoning was that most regular moisturizers irritate my eyes so eye creams are the only thing that could work there. Still, I have to admit that many eye creams gave me rabbit eyes, it was not easy for me to find a non irritating eye cream. After committing to an AB routine I realized that many products I use for my face, like my Sum37 time energy emulsion and Benton Aloe Propolis gel, also work good by moisturizing my under eye area without irritating it.
Mizon product description: " The combo of intensely concentrated snail mucus filtrate and E.G.F makes the anti-aging cream a certified eye wrinkle care with outstanding skin regeneration. Contains snail mucus filtrate (80%), E.G.F, adenosine, and peptides.".
Mizon is a Korean brand that is famous for its snail products. Like with most Mizon products the ingredient list looks good, snail secretion filtrate is listened first.
Snail secretion filtrate is the star ingredient here: snail filtrate has been registered and recognized as an official cosmetic ingredient that's is derived from Snail mucin. Yes, from those little shelled now 'skincare buddies' that the french eat. Snail mucin, is packed with nutrients such as hyaluronic acid, glycoprotein enzymes, proteoglycans, antimicrobial and copper peptides. All these ingredients are commonly used in the beauty industry and proven to be beneficial for the skin. Hence, theoretically snail mucin's ingredients can be anti-aging by stimulating the formation of collagen and elastin, repairing damaged skin, and restoring hydration. 'Snail' skin care products are very popular in Korea, but you could have not missed that. Not many scientific studies have been done on snail mucin, but there is some evidence that snail mucin can heal wounds, repair UV damage, heal acne and PIH, and reduce inflammation.
Snail secretion filtrate is the star ingredient here: snail filtrate has been registered and recognized as an official cosmetic ingredient that's is derived from Snail mucin. Yes, from those little shelled now 'skincare buddies' that the french eat. Snail mucin, is packed with nutrients such as hyaluronic acid, glycoprotein enzymes, proteoglycans, antimicrobial and copper peptides. All these ingredients are commonly used in the beauty industry and proven to be beneficial for the skin. Hence, theoretically snail mucin's ingredients can be anti-aging by stimulating the formation of collagen and elastin, repairing damaged skin, and restoring hydration. 'Snail' skin care products are very popular in Korea, but you could have not missed that. Not many scientific studies have been done on snail mucin, but there is some evidence that snail mucin can heal wounds, repair UV damage, heal acne and PIH, and reduce inflammation.
Snail secretion filtrate is the star ingredient here: snail filtrate has been registered and recognized as an official cosmetic ingredient that's is derived from Snail mucin. Yes, from those little shelled now 'skincare buddies' that the french eat. Snail mucin, is packed with nutrients such as hyaluronic acid, glycoprotein enzymes, proteoglycans, antimicrobial and copper peptides. All these ingredients are commonly used in the beauty industry and proven to be beneficial for the skin. Hence, theoretically snail mucin's ingredients can be anti-aging by stimulating the formation of collagen and elastin, repairing damaged skin, and restoring hydration. 'Snail' skin care products are very popular in Korea, but you could have not missed that. Not many scientific studies have been done on snail mucin, but there is some evidence that snail mucin can heal wounds, repair UV damage, heal acne and PIH, and reduce inflammation.
Packaging
The cream comes in sturdy heavy glass jar. The color of the jar is brown-ambre and I like how it feels in my hand, you would never guess that this cream is only 14$. The description on the box contains English and Korean text. The jar contains 25 ml of product, which is really a lot for an eye cream. There is also a plastic lid on top that prevents the eye cream from leaking and a spatula for hygienic application.
Application
The cream is white 'gel like' and odorless, there is no added fragrance. I take a half pea-size amount with the spatula and apply it in a dabbing gentle motion around my eyes. Opinions are divided about the 'right' time in a skincare routine to use an eye cream, I'm so lazy that it's actually the last step in my routine.
The cream is light, thin, and slightly sticky in consistency . If you used snail mucin products before you must know what I mean by 'snail stickiness'. The cream is definitely more gel like compared to regular eye creams . There is some light stickiness after application that disappears after absorption, which is like takes like one minute.
Results
I have been using this eye cream for over a month now, but I have to admit that I'm not using it religiously everyday. It does make my under eye area softer, smoother and more hydrated. I'm not sure about long-term effects, but results after application are visible: plumps up fine lines and the under eye area skin is smoother. I'm not naive and don't expect the cream to get rid of my under eye wrinkles, no hydration, plumpness and brightening are my main goal. I am disappointed that I didn't see any significant brightening effect yet. I was happy that cream didn't irritate my eyes, but while I was using the cream 2 small flesh colored bumps formed under my eyes. This doesn't happen often, so I don't know if it's just coincidence or a reaction to the eye cream. Luckily, the bumps disappeared very fast and I have had no new cases so far.
Taken together, results are satisfying so far, but what I was curious about is how the eye cream compares to the Mizon all in one snail repair face cream from the same line. I have not tried the Mizon all in one snail repair cream so I can't compare them directly, but we can take a look at the ingredient list.
Just like the eye cream the Mizon all in one snail repair cream contains 80% snail secretion filtrate. You can find the full ingredient list here on cosdna . it appears that the face cream contains more potential acne triggers an irritant compared to the eye cream, and some are higher on the list. Just by looking at the formulation it seems like the eye cream is more suitable for sensitive skin around the eyes, and in additional contains niacinamide (which is absent in the face cream). Hence, in this case it's worth using the eye cream instead of the regular face cream, but in general I think it really depends on how sensitive your under eye area is and the formulation of the product.
Final thoughts
On the morning of Saturday, Sept. 9, about 100 people descended on the Snake River near Lewiston, Idaho, paddling toward the Lower Granite Dam in canoes and kayaks alongside a giant inflatable orca.
Elliott Moffett, a 65-year old Nez Perce tribal member sporting a Rage Against the Machine T-shirt, addressed the crowd with a booming voice and a familiar chant:
“What do we want?”
“Free the Snake!”
“When do we want it?”
“Now!”
For decades, river advocates have been tied up in court, demanding the federal government restore threatened and endangered salmon and steelhead populations that migrate through the Columbia and Snake Rivers. Since 1975, when Lower Granite Dam was completed, salmon in the Snake River basin have faced the obstacle of eight massive concrete dams before making it out to the ocean, then they do it all over again when they come back home to spawn.
Running that gauntlet of concrete and warm water puts a major strain on the fish and is considered perhaps the single greatest reason for their precipitous decline.
Two summers ago, scores of dead salmon began washing up on the shores of the Willamette and Clackamas rivers in Portland, alarming visitors with the stench of rotting fish. Water temperatures had risen above the dangerous boundary of 68 degrees, and in some Columbia River reservoirs had actually reached 79. More than 250,000 sockeye salmon were killed, and over 1 million young fish died in Washington state hatcheries. Multiple studies on the impact put the death toll at between 96 and 99 percent of the sockeye salmon run.
Since 1991, the dams have been the subject of legal battles as environmental advocates seek their removal. In May 2016, a federal district judge ordered dam operators to put all options on the table to save threatened and endangered salmon and steelhead – including dam removal on the Snake River. His order led to federal hearings throughout the region that ended earlier this year.
But these studies could be compromised by new federal legislation, HR 3144, co-sponsored by U.S. Rep. Kurt Schrader, (D-5th District), which would specifically prevent federal agencies from studying dam removal on the lower Snake River.
Just last month, Columbia Riverkeeper released an analysis demonstrating that the massive fish kill that surfaced in Portland in 2015 would not have happened if the four dams on the lower Snake River were gone.
Such conflicting pressures have helped to galvanize a coalition taking their energy directly to the waters of the lower Snake where they've been gathering since 2015 for an event called the Free the Snake Flotilla.
Street Roots reached out to two organizers in Idaho's Nez Perce country, who live at the far end of the unified system of rivers and hydro-power dams. Julian Matthews and Elliott Moffett are co-founders of Nimiipuu Protecting the Environment, a grassroots organization that co-hosts the flotilla. (Nimiipuu is the traditional word Nez Perce tribal members used to refer to themselves, using their own language. The name “Nez Perce” is a French colonial monikor meaning “pierced nose,” and referred originally to a tribe that lived north of the Nimiipuu).
Elliot Moffett Photo by Mike Lee
Stephen Quirke: Why Free the Snake?
Elliott Moffett: Every year it's getting hotter and hotter. We're breaking records every year. What that does to the salmon here is terrible. We have additional mortalities in these reservoirs, because they're not moving water. And I like to say we're like the salmon: We need clean, cold, swift, running water. And that's what the salmon needs, too. They need that clear, cold, swift running water. And they don't have that because the dams have impounded their rivers. And that's why it's so crazy to me that they can call this clean energy. This is not clean energy. This is polluting the river.
Julian Matthews: We feel it's really critical at this time to remove those lower four Snake River dams to allow the fish to migrate. Salmon have always been a critical part of the history and the culture of the Nimiipuu, or the Nez Perce people. And a lot of tribes, not just Nez Perce – tribes up and down the Columbia River system – take and use fish. And one of the reasons it's really critical is because we have certain ceremonies that the salmon are part of, like the first salmon ceremony every year, when the first salmon comes back up the river we have a ceremony when we start taking the fish. Any type of ceremony – funerals – we have salmon there, and we have the traditional roots and berries that we've eaten.
Julian Matthews Photo by Mike Lee
E.M.: And we'd like to say, too, that when the river's not doing well, we're not doing well, we're that connected with our environment in the natural world. And so the salmon is not doing that well, and so our people are not doing that well, and that's one of the reasons why we take this on, because we've gotta heal our community, as well as the community of salmon, and the ecosystems that they swim in.
S.Q.: There's clearly a coalition of groups here on the river supporting that very thing. How did that come about?
E.M.: Well, when we got started on the megaloads issue, and several companies, GE being one of those, was trying to transport megaloads, huge industrial equipment, heading for the tar sands in Canada, and so we participated in civil disobedience, in the rolling blockade of those megaloads, and stopped them. In doing that, other folks were getting involved locally and regionally. And so we came to be working with organizations like Friends of the Clearwater and Save Our Wild Salmon.
J.M.: We're trying to get the tribes involved too, to where the tribal governments will say: we need to get rid of those dams, we want those salmon, the salmon are more important than these fish hatcheries, or all these other type of ways they're trying to mitigate the loss, because it's not working, hasn't worked, and it's not gonna work.
S.Q.: What do those dams represent to you?
E.M.: They represent an unnaturalness. They're very unnatural. They're not beaver dams. And we know beavers, and they make dams. But that's all part of the eco-system, and they create habitat. These do not create habitat, these impoundments. In fact, we believe the rivers have life, and they impede that life that we see. And hydrologically it makes sense too, because you have these mountain streams, and they were created because of the environmental conditions, and these are part of the representation of those natural waterways, the mountains, the erosion – all of that is tied in together. When they dammed them, when they impounded them, they took it out of that life cycle. And now they're just this big backwater, sediment-filled ponds, so our fish can't survive in them. That's what they represent to me. And I know for others they represent what they call progress, but that to us is not progress. It's not sustainable.
J.M.: The main thing that I think about is how or why did (the tribes) allow those to be put in place? Maybe the government said: you Indians have no power, we don't have to listen to you. But did they exert enough authority to say no, we're not gonna allow you to block this river? I wonder about that.
S.Q.: How do these dams relate to Nez Perce fishing rights?
J.M.: Treaty rights to me are the most important part of being Nez Perce. Our treaty rights are the guarantee that I can take fish, I can hunt, and I can gather traditionally, historically, and do things that my forefathers did. To me, the issue of treaty hunting, fishing and gathering are critical, and are more important and run far deeper than any other right that we have as tribal members.
E.M.: We have treaty rights and we have treaty responsibilities. This gathering here is treaty responsibilities, and people are partaking in that, and we're taking on that responsibility of trying to restore the river, trying to recover the salmon, and those are responsibilities that we see, that we all have to take part in.
S.Q.: Are there social consequences when dams affect fishing rights?
E.M.: It does have definite impacts on our families and our social fabric because we don't have fish on the table for our people. We're all congregating in these fishery areas, like Rapid River, where the hatchery is. Whereas, all of these streams used to have a viable population before, and you used to be able to go wherever you wanted to go fishing. Now that's not the case. So those are social impacts that I lose. I lose the ability of telling my son how to go fishing, of what gear to use. That's one of the things we want to try to emphasize – the salmon helps us with our families too, because then we get to teach.
J.M.: We have a lot of social ills, and I think a lot of it has to do with identity. When you take away something that's traditional it really impacts people. It may not cause alcoholism, but people don't have that kind of connection with their culture, and we have identity crises or other problems where they may turn to drugs and alcohol because they don't really have other ways to deal with that.
All of this stems back to the way historically Indians have been treated by religious leaders that came here, whether it's Jesuits or Catholics or Presbyterians – they came here and made them change their whole culture, like cut your hair, don't speak your language, be farmers. With the Dawes Act (1887) they tried to make all the indigenous be farmers. I don't know one Nez Perce farmer. (Laughter)
S.Q.: Columbia Riverkeeper recently published a study showing that temperatures in the Columbia River would not have become lethal two summers ago if not for the four lower Snake dams. What are your thoughts on that?
J.M.: I agree with that. I have friends who work at Columbia Riverkeeper, and they're really sharp. You know, the Corps (of Engineers) tries to say it's just a fluctuation, but it's not a fluctuation. It's because the dams are there. They use all these scientific terms about why these fish aren't coming back. But it's obvious that they're not coming back because of the dams. If you try going down and coming back, those are the major obstacles.
E.M.: That's what we try to use; we use science and our traditions. And we find that they're not mutually exclusive. We don't want to get into the paralysis of analysis either, because we don't want to be studying this when we know that if you start removing dams, that the habitat is gonna return. Those fish are gonna come back, and we have evidence of that by lower Elwha and other places. (The Elwha River in the Olympic Peninsula was undammed in 2014 after the salmon run was depleted to 4,000 from a pre-dam level of 400,000. Now that the dam has been removed, fish populations are at a 30-year high, according to the Seattle Times.)
S.Q.: Do you think these dams will be removed? What gives you hope?
J.M.: I think on any type of issue I've seen in my life, if you keep pushing it, it will happen. And if you believe, and get people behind you, and get support behind you, then it will happen.
E.M.: This group gives me hope for that. This kind of events, this kind of planning, gives me great hope that we can do this, because we're getting some very smart people involved in this, and we have groups like Earth Justice, and like their motto says: Mother Earth needs good lawyers, and so that's what we're looking for, those good attorneys that can advocate on behalf of Mother E arth, and so I have a lot of hope right now. The only thing I'm worried about is it doesn't come fast enough. I know it will be done, but I want it to be done yesterday. So we're trying to figure that out.
Egyptian prosecutors say they have charged 20 al-Jazeera journalists, including two British citizens, with belonging to Mohamed Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood, fabricating news reports and tarnishing Egypt's reputation abroad.
The journalists include the Australian ex-BBC correspondent Peter Greste and Canadian-Egyptian bureau chief Mohamed Fahmy, who has worked for the New York Times.
"Investigations showed the defendants created a media network headed by an Egyptian-Canadian Muslim Brotherhood member [Fahmy] that has specialised in creating video scenes contrary to reality and aired them through Qatari al-Jazeera English to distort Egypt's international reputation," the prosecution alleged.
Other charges included "disturbing public peace, instilling terror, harming the general interests of the country, possessing broadcast equipment without permit, possessing and disseminating images contrary to the truth".
The identities of most of the 20 defendants were not revealed by prosecutors. It is thought that some of them could be tried in absentia, and lawyers were unclear about whether the defendants included members of al-Jazeera's Arabic channel who were arrested in August, or just the al-Jazeera English journalists seized several months later.
Al-Jazeera English's Greste, Fahmy and local producer Baher Mohamed have been detained since late December after state security officials raided their makeshift offices in the Marriott, a hotel in central Cairo. In a letter from prison, Greste recently said their incarceration was "an attack not just on me and my two colleagues but on freedom of speech across Egypt".
Fahmy has been denied medical treatment for his dislocated shoulder, which was hurt shortly before his arrest. Both he and Mohamed are in a high-security prison reserved for suspected terrorists where they spend "24 hours a day in their mosquito-infested cells, sleeping on the floor with no books or writing materials to break the soul-destroying tedium", according to Greste, who has been held in better conditions.
The charges would have a "chilling effect" on the work of journalists in Egypt, according to Khaled Mansour, the head of a leading local rights watchdog, the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights (EIPR).
"I have a very strong concern now for journalists, especially foreign journalists, who are trying very hard to create a balanced picture of what is going on in this country," said Mansour. "The work of a journalist involves going to dangerous places and interviewing outlaws. But if I were a journalist in this country, I would now be very frightened of talking to the Muslim Brotherhood – even though they are an important part of the story. This will really have a very chilling effect on the work of journalists – and I would hope this government will make a distinction between a journalist doing their job and meeting people, and the charges that have been filed."
Foreign journalists are the target of considerable anger from Egypt's government and its supporters. Pro-regime Egyptians resent the international media for covering alleged human rights abuses against supporters of former president Morsi and liberal dissenters opposed to both Morsi and those who ousted him.
"Egypt is still observing with much concern those members of the international community who are positioning themselves in a position which is in explicit conflict with Egyptian national security," said Mostafa Hegazy, an adviser to Egypt's presidency last week.
"All the foreign media is just saying things from the Brotherhood's side," agreed one pro-government supporter, Ali Abdel Samer, a shopkeeper.
Al-Jazeera – and in particular its Arabic wing – has attracted the most condemnation because it is owned by Qatar, which supports the Brotherhood. Conflicts between the channel and the Egyptian authorities after the Brotherhood's overthrow in July forced al-Jazeera to shut its offices and its employees to operate without accreditation. Working without valid credentials was one of the charges laid on Wednesday.
Under a 1974 Political Reform act, a federal judge has ruled against supporters of Proposition 8 who wished for their donations to the campaign to remain anonymous.
Prop. 8, was widely supported by religious organisations because it defines marriage as between a man and woman, clarifying certain ambiguities in the law which had briefly afforded same-sex couples in certain States of the union, equal human rights with heterosexual couples.
The ruling means that donations of $100 or greater are a matter public record. A quick search of the database on www.sacbee.com, reveals some startling sums of money being thrown around by religious organisations—who's tax exempt status is supposed to hinge upon their remaining separate from affairs of state.
The table reveals, in three separate donations, the Catholic organisation Knights of Columbus gave $400,000, then an additional $25,000 as the ‘Calif. State council Knights of Columbus' as well as the highest group donation in favour of the bill, of $1,000,000 from the ‘Knights of Columbus Headquarters'.
Evangelical mega church, San Diego Rock, gave $25,679. James Dobson's ‘Focus on the family', who has openly rallied on his radio show, and preached on the moral imperative for Yes on Proposition 8, gave $49,536.
Fieldstead and co.'s support for Proposition 8, to the tune of $895,000, comes after the founder, Howard Fieldstead Ahmanson, Jr., told the Orange County Register, “My goal is the total integration of biblical law into our lives” and follows years of Philanthropic efforts in support of Christian Evangelical causes.
Concerned Women For America, which calls all forms of civil unions or domestic partnership between same-sex individuals “counterfeit marriages” gave $409,000.
The American Family Association, who in 2004 boycotted the movie ‘Shark Tale' because they said it was “designed to promote the acceptance of gay rights by children”, gave $500,000.
Indeed, looking down the list, it's difficult to find a single major donor who isn't in some way connected to Evangelical Christianity of some kind or another.
But it's not just Evangelical groups. Individuals who donated in support, starting at $500 from Whitney Clayton, of the First Quorum of the Seventy, a Mormon group who rallied for co-ordinated nation-wide efforts on a Yes vote, build to people like Alan Ashton.
Ashton, who served as a mission president for Mormon Church of Latter Day Saints in western Ontario from July 2004 through June 2007 and is the grandson of former LDS Church president David O. McKay was single largest individual contributor to the Yes campaign, donating $1,000,000 from his vast fortune as co-founder of WordPerfect Corporation.
John and Josephine Templeton Jr., Presidents of the Templeton Foundation, who's financial support of the The Discovery Institute, an Evangelical front organisation for the promotion of “Intelligent Design”, gave $900,000 and $300,000 respectively.
When is there going to be a clarification of the law with regard to campaign contributions from tax exempt religious organisations?
I can see the enemy advancing by the day. The sidewalks that crisscross my Brooklyn neighborhood have mostly changed over to newfangled LED streetlights, while my block—a quiet residential side street—remains bathed in the orange glow of classic sodium-vapor lights. At least for now. Every night I find myself walking home under this reassuring glow, I know it could be the last. The writing is on the wall (and well-publicized city plans): Even forgotten holdout blocks will eventually fall to the LED's promise of cheap, energy-efficient, and ever-so-bright white light.
Now, you may know this change is fraught with issues. LED streetlights are decidedly less romantic, add to light pollution, totally mess with our circadian rhythms, and are flat-out ugly. What you may not know: This transition is all the more tragic because almost all of these drawbacks could be avoided.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
First, a quick primer on the science of the issue: Aesthetics aside, the pale white light emitted by LED streetlights effectively tricks our brains into thinking it is daytime, and that we should be awake and alert. Our eyes have three types of light receptors: The rods and cones that we all know of, and their lesser-known cousin called photosensitive Retinal Ganglain Cells. While rods and cones let us see, these other cells—which weren't even discovered until the 1990s—act as a sort of internal sunlight detector. When they detect daytime, they tell our brains to suppress the release of the sleep-inducing hormone melatonin, effectively making it much harder to catch Zs.
Now, the problem comes from how these cells detect daylight: They are uniquely sensitive to the short wavelengths present in white and blue lights. A red-lit darkroom? Great place to catch a nap. The white and blue light of most LED streetlights (as well as our gadget screens)? Huge problem. Especially in comparison to the long-wavelength orange glow of the old lamps, which did far less to scream "daytime!" to our brains.
The tragedy: LEDs don't have to be this bad. LED lights are incredibly versatile pieces of technology. Anybody who has ever seen a Philips Hue setup knows that they are almost infinitely adjustable. Unlike incandescents, LEDs are digital devices that can be programmed to shift color or brightness on schedule, on demand, or when certain parameters are met. I actually use Hue LEDs to bathe my bedroom in red at night in an attempt to counter many of the problems that these new streetlights are introducing (or at least exacerbating) into the cityscape.
The problem with the current rollout of LED lights is that it seems to be executed without any regard for these issues or their possible solutions. Instead of indiscriminately blasting white light, it would be possible—and in fact, not terribly difficult—to create programmable LED systems that at least partially filter out offending wavelengths at certain hours. I am sure there are plenty of researchers in this space who would jump at the opportunity to help out. Now, basking our streets in a creepy red glow may not feel as safe as a pore-revealing white blast, but these folks would surely be able to settle on a solution that offers the safety of a well-lit street in a way that doesn't absolutely ruin our sleep and overall health.
And this is a major public health issue. These streetlights are built to last a long time, and every block that gets switched over without concern for the health consequences could subject a generation of city-dwellers to health issues that we are only now beginning to understand. An ever-growing body of research suggests that ambient exposure to blue and white light during prior to and during sleep can lead to a huge array of problems that go far beyond fatigue. Even if you can fall asleep with this light peeking through your window, your sleep quality—and health—could still suffer in ways that may not be known for years, when our citizens begin to exhibit rising rates of just about everything.
Remember the Fast Ferry connecting Rochester and Toronto? Although the idea failed in execution, connecting with the vibrant “Golden Horseshoe” economy made sense then—and still does today. When we compare Rochester to, say, Charlotte or Atlanta or Austin, we can always blame the snow. But that doesn't work when we look across the lake. What's their “secret sauce?”
We may be separated only by a bit of water and a line on a map, but it is clear that Canada's Golden Horseshoe Region, powered by Toronto, has prospered while Upstate New York (defined here as Rochester, Buffalo and Syracuse) has just held its own. Although these neighboring regions share much—that climate, access to markets, and transportation infrastructure—since 1996 the Golden Horseshoe added more than a third to its employment base and a quarter to its population.
Upstate has increased neither. Among the many explanatory variables, two policy differences stand out: Immigration and business taxes.
Give us your smart, your skilled . . .
Canadian voters and politicians understand that immigration is good for their economy. Adjusted for population, immigration to Canada in 2011 was more than twice that of the United States.
As the endless debate over immigration reform in Washington makes abundantly clear, we're much more ambivalent about the subject here in the U.S. Immigration, even if it was a formative force in the creation of our nation and culture, is still a mixed blessing. Yet economists largely agree that immigrants contribute more than they take. And some immigrants contribute much more.
The Canadians admit relatively more immigrants overall, but they also give preferential treatment to “economic immigrants,” individuals who bring skill and education to their adopted workplace. Although the United States also grants preference to the skilled and educated, the quota is far smaller. In fact, in 2011 Canada admitted nearly 17,000 more immigrants on economic grounds than the United States, despite the tenfold difference in population. The rate of economic immigration to Canada was 4.5 per thousand residents v. 0.4 in the United States.
The Rochester region attracts many foreign nationals to our large and respected higher education community. Not only is this good for our higher education marketplace—which is a major industry in the Finger Lakes—but it also brings talent from around the globe to our community. Let's make it easier for them to stay after they've gotten an advanced degree from the University of Rochester or Rochester Institute of Technology. These bright, ambitious people have much to contribute.
Tax burden matters
Canada also boasts a favorable tax climate for business. The burden of taxation on business is not the only factor driving a firm's decision to locate in one locale or another, but it can be an important tipping factor. According to a study released by consultancy KPMG in 2012[*], the best tax climate for business overall was India. Ranked second was Canada, just ahead of China. Surprised? I've long assumed that the tax burden in Ontario was more onerous than it is here in New York.
Yet in a head-to-head competition between Buffalo and Toronto (Rochester wasn't included in the study), KPMG reports that business taxes in Toronto are two-thirds of Buffalo's. Taxation isn't the only factor influencing business location—if it were, New York City would be a ghost town. Nonetheless, the tax burden can tip the business location decision, assuming all other factors are comparable. KPMG's study tells us that from a business location perspective, Toronto has a better story to tell. Remember, too, that businesses in Ontario don't provide health care insurance, as do most big businesses here in New York.
What can we learn from Toronto?
Although many other factors are at work here, the Golden Horseshoe's formula includes a welcoming immigration policy and a favorable tax climate. And from the perspective of Upstate New York, it appears to be working.
What are the lessons for New York and the United States?
First, our ability to tax business is limited. The rhetorical battle over tax policy often focuses on what individuals and firms can afford to pay. As much as this may appeal to our sense of fairness, experience tells us that taxes affect behavior. Individuals and business firms are willing and able to take action to avoid or reduce taxation, including relocation.
Second, immigrants revitalize our economy; they don't threaten it. The stars are aligned for immigration reform. As Congress struggles with reform of the nation's immigration laws, it should expand access to the best and brightest of other nations. The colleges and universities of the United States, including the many highly respected institutions located in Upstate New York, are the world's most powerful magnet for smart young people from foreign lands. Some have suggested that a graduate diploma should automatically come with the right to work, that valuable “green card.” Not only would this improve the nation's economy, it would help Upstate New York emulate the success of its neighbor to the north.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What next for Chelsea Manning after release?
US soldier Chelsea Manning is celebrating her freedom after being released from military prison.
Manning took to Twitter after her release, photographing her "first steps of freedom" in civilian clothes.
In a brief statement, she said she was focused on the future, which "is far more important than the past".
She served seven years of a 35-year sentence for leaking hundreds of thousands of diplomatic cables and military files to Wikileaks.
Most of her sentence was commuted by then-US President Barack Obama in January.
In a statement issued through the American Civil Liberties Union, which provided her with legal support, Manning said: "After another anxious four months of waiting, the day has finally arrived. I am looking forward to so much!"
She added: "Whatever is ahead of me is far more important than the past. I'm figuring things out right now - which is exciting, awkward, fun, and all new for me."
A US Army spokesperson confirmed that she left Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas in the early morning.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Manning posted her message to a new Instagram account at the same time
The 29-year-old soldier was born Bradley Manning.
A day after she was sentenced to 35 years in prison in 2013, Manning said she had felt female since childhood and wanted to live as a woman called Chelsea.
"For the first time, I can see a future for myself as Chelsea," she said in a statement last week ahead of her release. "I can imagine surviving and living as the person who I am and can finally be in the outside world."
Speaking to the BBC, Manning's friend, the journalist Glenn Greenwald - who was involved in the publication of leaks from Edward Snowden - said she faced a difficult life outside prison.
"She's going to live in a country where the top officials have expressed extreme denunciations of her, condemnations of her, who regard her as a traitor," he said.
"But the reality is that if you look back at what it is that she achieved, she revealed unquestionable war crimes, her disclosures led to reforms around the world."
President Obama's decision to commute her sentence drew criticism from leading Republicans, including Senator John McCain, who called it a "a grave mistake".
'Back to Maryland'
Manning was convicted of 20 charges in connection with the leaks, including espionage. She was acquitted of the most serious charge, aiding the enemy.
She defended the leaking by saying she had wanted to spark a public debate in the US about the role of the military and US foreign policy, but later apologised for "hurting the US", saying she had mistakenly believed she could "change the world for the better".
In January she tweeted that she wanted to move to Maryland after being released, a state where she previously lived.
On Monday she tweeted: "Two more days until the freedom of civilian life ^_^ Now hunting for private #healthcare like millions of Americans =P".
Manning will remain on active army duty while her military court conviction remains under appeal. She will have healthcare benefits but will be unpaid, the army says.
An online campaign set up by her attorney has raised $150,000 (£115,725) to pay for her living expenses for the first year after her release.
If the appeal is denied, she could be dishonourably discharged from the army, US media say.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Chelsea Manning has been held in an all-male facility
Manning was deployed in Iraq as an intelligence analyst when she leaked hundreds of thousands of files to Wikileaks.
Included in those files was video footage of an Apache helicopter killing 12 civilians in Baghdad in 2007, and many sensitive messages between US diplomats.
Manning twice attempted suicide last year at Fort Leavenworth, a male military prison.
She also went on a hunger strike last year, which she ended after the military agreed to provide her with gender transition treatment.
Silence a Room in 5 Seconds Posted on Nov 9, 2016 by Corinna in Facilitation & Soft Skills |
This nameless method can bring the volume in a room from “main train station” to “library” in record time. It's working much better than shouting over the noise and not being heard.
In Germany we have a more playful variant of this method called “Schweigefuchs” (“Silence fox”). Instead of your open flat hand you form a fox's head (thumb, middle and ring finger form the snout, index and pinkie fingers are the ears). It's used in schools and sometimes choirs.
[otw_shortcode_info_box border_style=”bordered” rounded_corners=”rounded-10″ background_color_class=”otw-black”]Never miss a 1-pager – Subscribe to our newsletter![/otw_shortcode_info_box]
Content of 1-Pager:
This technique can silence a room full of talking people.
Seeing it in action once is enough to learn to recognize the signal.
Hold up your hand. All those who see the signal have to stop talking and lift their hand as well. This signal spreads very fast even in groups of 100+ people.
Enjoy the silence 🙂
WASHINGTON — Georgia state Rep. Betty Price (R) — the wife of Tom Price, who resigned last month as President Donald Trump's health secretary amid investigations into his frequent use of private planes — wonders if isolating people with HIV would help stop the disease's spread.
Price, a former anesthesiologist, made the suggestion during a committee meeting earlier this week on access to healthcare, as Project Q Atlanta first reported.
“My thinking sometimes goes in strange directions,” she said before asking the director of the Georgia Department of Public Health's HIV epidemiology section if she “wouldn't mind commenting on the surveillance of partners, tracking of contacts, that sort of thing.”
“What are we legally able to do?” Price inquired. “I don't want to say the quarantine word — but I guess I just said it. Is there an ability, since I would guess that public dollars are expended heavily in prophylaxis and treatment of this condition, so we have a public interest in curtailing the spread? What would you advise? Are there any methods, legally, that we could do that would curtail the spread?”
After a thoughtful response from Dr. Pascale Wortley about the steps Georgia has taken to identify people with HIV and get them proper care, Price voiced fear about the spread of HIV in the state, which in 2015 ranked 5th among all 50 states for new diagnoses.
“It seems to me it's almost frightening the number of people who are living that are potentially carriers — well they are carriers — with the potential to spread, whereas in the past they died more readily and then at that point they are not posing a risk,” she said. “So we've got a huge population posing a risk if they are not in treatment.”
(The exchange can be seen in the video below, starting at about the 1:02 mark).
Price's comments drew fire from LGBTQ rights groups.
In an interview with STAT News, Jeff Graham, executive director of Georgia Equality, called Price's comments “incredibly disturbing.”
“It shows the amount of work that still needs to happen to educate elected officials on the reality of the lives of people living with HIV,” he told the publication. “I'm hoping Rep. Price would be open to sitting down, meeting with folks, hearing how those comments sound, and recognizing that's not the direction we need to go in.”
Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, called for Price's resignation.
“This bigotry and ignorance from an elected official is beyond outrageous,” he wrote in a post to Twitter.
Bogus caller who posed as Nuneaton hospital doctor and told eight families their child had died has been jailed for four months
A hoax caller who phoned families at random and claimed their relatives had died has been jailed for four months.
Ashley Dodd, who posed as a hospital doctor and a care worker during eight bogus calls, left one grief-stricken victim planning her son's funeral and led another to have an asthma attack.
Nuneaton magistrates court was told the 28-year-old had targeted residents in the Bedworth area of Warwickshire in the early hours by choosing names from a phone book. Dodd was described as eloquent as he informed relatives they would be required to identify their child's body at George Eliot hospital in Nuneaton.
Naila Iqbal, prosecuting, told magistrates the offences were committed in June after Dodd, from Exhall, had been drinking alcohol. At least two victims travelled to the hospital genuinely believing their sons had died.
In a victim impact statement read to the court by Iqbal, Balvinder Hayer described how she was reduced to an “emotional wreck” by a call at 2.20am.
Another victim, Patricia Bee, described “driving like a lunatic” to reach the hospital, where baffled staff said they had no record of her son Scott. In her statement to the court, Mrs BeeShe told the court: “At the hospital I just wanted to see Scott. I thought they had already taken him to the mortuary and were stalling because they were waiting for a doctor to see me.”
A police inquiry traced the bogus calls to a mobile phone belonging to Dodd, who told another victim that her mother had died in a care home.
The hoaxer, who has a previous conviction for a similar offence as well as a history of dishonesty and public order breaches, pleaded guilty at a previous hearing to eight charges under the Malicious Communications Act.
Having asked magistrates for permission to make a personal apology to several victims who attended his sentencing hearing, Dodd expressed shame over his actions. He told the court: “I just want to apologise for what I have done – it was absolutely disgusting. I am ashamed of what I have done and I am sorry for any inconvenience I have caused.”
Passing sentence, the chairman of the bench, Trefor Jones, told the father of two: “This is an appalling offence. You say that you are disgusted, the victims are disgusted and so are we. The guidelines suggest a sentence in the range of a high-level community order and up to 12 weeks in prison. We have decided to go out of that range due to the aggravating features.
“There are multiple victims and there is a serious psychological impact on a number of victims. Each offence is so disgusting it will attract 16 weeks in custody to run concurrently.”
Earlier, I reported that libertarians are huge fans of initiating force, or as it is sometimes called, violent aggression. It turns out that when you walk about the world freely but in ways inconsistent with what libertarians believe belongs to whom, they will initiate force against you, even if you have different views than them about what belongs to whom. It's horrific really.
The New York Times is reporting that this kind of aggressive violence is now taking place regularly in a McDonald's restaurant in Queens:
Shortly after New Year's Day, Man Hyung Lee, 77, was nursing a coffee in his usual seat in a narrow booth at a McDonald's in Flushing, Queens, when two police officers stepped into the fluorescent light of the restaurant.
Mr. Lee said the officers had been called because he and his friends — a revolving group who shuffle into the McDonald's on the corner of Parsons and Northern Boulevards on walkers, or with canes, in wheelchairs or with infirm steps, as early as 5 a.m. and often linger until well after dark — had, as they seem to do every day, long overstayed their welcome.
“They ordered us out,” Mr. Lee said from his seat in the same McDonald's booth a week after the incident, beneath a sign that said customers have 20 minutes to finish their food. (He had already been there two hours.) “So I left,” he said.
Can you believe this? This is statist aggressive violence against the elderly of all people.
Now a libertarian may come back and say that in fact this is defensive violence. But we've been to that question-begging rodeo too many times to fall for that nonsense. This is defensive violence only if your theory of entitlement states that McDonald's has some kind of ownership rights that permit them to boot people from these booths in this manner.
Under the theory of entitlement these elderly patrons appear to subscribe to, they are entitled to those seats for a much longer period of time than McDonald's believes they are. If we assume their theory of entitlement is the correct one, then it is clearly the case that this is statist aggressive violence.
As usual, we have learned two things here. First, the economy is a government program actively administered by the state every single day. The state is the one that has and will determine the general rules regarding those McDonald's booths (or delegate that power to other actors) and then enforce that decision through courts and police. Second, the initiation of force (neutrally defined to mean laying hands on someone's body who has not laid hands on yours) and the threat of the initiation of force is what underlies all property systems.
(Hat tip to Stephen Pimpare.)
This article is about the national park in the southwestern United States. For the canyon itself, see Grand Canyon
Grand Canyon National Park, located in northwestern Arizona, is the 15th site in the United States to have been named a national park. The park's central feature is the Grand Canyon, a gorge of the Colorado River, which is often considered one of the Wonders of the World. The park, which covers 1,217,262 acres (1,901.972 sq mi; 4,926.08 km2) of unincorporated area in Coconino and Mohave counties, received more than six million recreational visitors in 2017, which is the second highest count of all American national parks after Great Smoky Mountains National Park.[3] The Grand Canyon was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1979.
History [ edit ]
1938 poster of the park
"Grand Canyon" was officially designated a national park on February 26, 1919,[4] though the landmark had been well known to Americans for over thirty years prior.[5] In 1903, President Theodore Roosevelt visited the site and said: "The Grand Canyon fills me with awe. It is beyond comparison—beyond description; absolutely unparalleled through-out the wide world... Let this great wonder of nature remain as it now is. Do nothing to mar its grandeur, sublimity and loveliness. You cannot improve on it. But what you can do is to keep it for your children, your children's children, and all who come after you, as the one great sight which every American should see."[6]
Despite Roosevelt's enthusiasm and strong interest in preserving land for public use, the Grand Canyon was not immediately designated as a national park. The first bill to establish Grand Canyon National Park was introduced in 1882 by then-Senator Benjamin Harrison, which would have established Grand Canyon as the third national park in the United States, after Yellowstone and Mackinac. Harrison unsuccessfully reintroduced his bill in 1883 and 1886; after his election to the presidency, he established the Grand Canyon Forest Reserve in 1893. Theodore Roosevelt created the Grand Canyon Game Preserve by proclamation on 28 November 1906,[7] and the Grand Canyon National Monument in 1908.[8] Further Senate bills to establish the site as a national park were introduced and defeated in 1910 and 1911, before the Grand Canyon National Park Act was finally signed by President Woodrow Wilson in 1919. The National Park Service, established in 1916, assumed administration of the park.
The creation of the park was an early success of the conservation movement. Its national park status may have helped thwart proposals to dam the Colorado River within its boundaries. (Later, the Glen Canyon Dam would be built upriver.) In 1975, the former Marble Canyon National Monument, which followed the Colorado River northeast from the Grand Canyon to Lee's Ferry, was made part of Grand Canyon National Park. In 1979, UNESCO declared the park a World Heritage Site. The 1987 the National Parks Overflights Act[9] found that "Noise associated with aircraft overflights at the Grand Canyon National Park is causing a significant adverse effect on the natural quiet and experience of the park and current aircraft operations at the Grand Canyon National Park have raised serious concerns regarding public safety, including concerns regarding the safety of park users." In 2010, Grand Canyon National Park was honored with its own coin under the America the Beautiful Quarters program.[10]
Geography [ edit ]
Grand Canyon regional map
The Grand Canyon, including its extensive system of tributary canyons, is valued for its combination of size, depth, and exposed layers of colorful rocks dating back to Precambrian times. The canyon itself was created by the incision of the Colorado River and its tributaries after the Colorado Plateau was uplifted, causing the Colorado River system to develop along its present path.
The primary public areas of the park are the South and North Rims, and adjacent areas of the canyon itself. The rest of the park is extremely rugged and remote, although many places are accessible by pack trail and backcountry roads. The South Rim is more accessible than the North Rim, and accounts for 90% of park visitation.[11]
The park headquarters are at Grand Canyon Village, not far from the south entrance to the park, near one of the most popular viewpoints.
South Rim [ edit ]
From Powell Point on the South Rim
Most visitors to the park come to the South Rim, arriving on Arizona State Route 64. The highway enters the park through the South Entrance, near Tusayan, Arizona, and heads eastward, leaving the park through the East Entrance.[12] Interstate 40 provides access to the area from the south. From the north, U.S. Route 89 connects Utah, Colorado, and the North Rim to the South Rim.[13] Overall, some 30 miles of the South Rim are accessible by road.[citation needed]
North Rim [ edit ]
Sunset at Cape Royal Point, North Rim
The North Rim area of the park located on the Kaibab Plateau and Walhalla Plateau, directly across the Grand Canyon from the principal visitor areas on the South Rim. The North Rim's principal visitor areas are centered around Bright Angel Point. The North Rim is higher in elevation than the South Rim, at over 8,000 feet (2,400 m) of elevation. Because it is so much higher than the South Rim, it is closed from December 1 through May 15 each year, due to the enhanced snowfall at elevation. Visitor services are closed or limited in scope after October 15. Driving time from the South Rim to the North Rim is about 4.5 hours, over 220 miles (350 km). [11]
Services [ edit ]
Grand Canyon Village is the primary visitor services area in the park. It is a full-service community, including lodging, fuel, food, souvenirs, a hospital, churches, and access to trails and guided walks and talks.[14]
Lodging [ edit ]
Several lodging facilities are available along the South Rim. Hotels and other lodging include: El Tovar, Bright Angel Lodge, Kachina Lodge, Thunderbird Lodge, and Maswik Lodge, all of which are located in the village area, and Phantom Ranch, located on the canyon floor. There is also an RV Park named Trailer Village. All of these facilities are managed by Xanterra Parks & Resorts, while the Yavapai Lodge (also in the village area) is managed by Delaware North.[15]
On the North Rim there is the historic Grand Canyon Lodge[15] managed by Forever Resorts and a campground near the lodge, managed by the national park staff.[16]
Climate [ edit ]
Grand Canyon National Park has a BSk (Köppen climate classification) - tropical and subtropical steppe type of climate consisting of dry, hot summers and cold winters.
Climate data for Grand Canyon National Park Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Average high °F (°C) 55.0
(12.8) 62.0
(16.7) 71.0
(21.7) 80.0
(26.7) 90.0
(32.2) 101.0
(38.3) 104.0
(40.0) 100.0
(37.8) 93.0
(33.9) 81.0
(27.2) 66.0
(18.9) 55.0
(12.8) 79.8
(26.6) Average low °F (°C) 35.0
(1.7) 39.0
(3.9) 45.0
(7.2) 52.0
(11.1) 60.0
(15.6) 70.0
(21.1) 74.0
(23.3) 72.0
(22.2) 66.0
(18.9) 55.0
(12.8) 43.0
(6.1) 36.0
(2.2) 53.9
(12.2) Average rainfall inches (mm) 1.1
(28) 0.9
(23) 0.9
(23) 0.5
(13) 0.3
(7.6) 0.2
(5.1) 0.9
(23) 1.5
(38) 1.0
(25) 0.9
(23) 0.7
(18) 0.8
(20) 9.7
(246.7) Average snowfall inches (cm) 0.1
(0.25) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.0
(0.0) 0.1
(0.25) 0.2
(0.5) Average rainy days 4.0 3.0 4.0 2.0 1.0 1.0 3.0 5.0 3.0 2.0 2.0 3.0 33 Mean daily sunshine hours 7.0 8.0 9.0 11.0 12.0 13.0 11.0 11.0 10.0 9.0 8.0 7.0 9.7 Percent possible sunshine 70 73 75 85 86 87 79 85 83 82 80 70 80 Source: Weather Atlas [17]
Climate data for Grand Canyon National Park Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Mean daily daylight hours 10.0 11.0 12.0 13.0 14.0 15.0 14.0 13.0 12.0 11.0 10.0 10.0 12.1 Average Ultraviolet index 3 4 6 8 10 11 11 10 8 5 3 2 6.8 Source: Weather Atlas [17]
Activities [ edit ]
North Rim [ edit ]
From Toroweap Overlook on the North Rim
On the North Rim there are few roads, however, there are some notable vehicle accessible lookout points including Point Imperial, Roosevelt Point, and Cape Royal. Mule rides are also available that go to a variety of places including several thousand feet down into the canyon.
Many visitors to the North Rim choose to make use of the variety of hiking trails including the Widforss Trail, Uncle Jim's Trail, the Transept Trail, and the North Kaibab Trail, the latter of which can be followed all the way down to the Colorado River, and too across to the South Kaibab Trail and the Bright Angel Trail, which continue up to the South Rim of the Grand Canyon.
The Toroweap Overlook is located in the western part of the park on the North Rim. Access is via unpaved roads off Route 389 west of Fredonia, Arizona. The roads lead through Grand Canyon-Parashant National Monument and to the overlook.
South Rim [ edit ]
From Desert View on the South Rim
A variety of activities at the South Rim cater to park visitors. A driving tour (35 miles (56 km)) along the South Rim is split into two segments. The western drive to Hermit's Point is 8 miles (13 km) with several overlooks along the way, including Mohave Point, Hopi Point, and the Powell Memorial.[14] From March to December, access to Hermit's Rest is restricted to the free shuttle provided by the Park Service. The eastern portion to Desert View is 25 miles (40 km), and is open to private vehicles year round.
Walking tours include the Rim Trail, which runs west from the Pipe Creek viewpoint for about 8 miles (13 km) of paved road, followed by 7 miles (11 km) unpaved to Hermit's Rest. Hikes can begin almost anywhere along this trail, and a shuttle can return hikers to their point of origin. Mather Point, the first view most people reach when entering from the South Entrance, is a popular place to begin.
Private canyon flyovers are provided by helicopters and small airplanes out of Las Vegas, Phoenix, and Grand Canyon National Park Airport. Due to a crash in the 1990s, scenic flights are no longer allowed to fly within 1,500 feet (460 m) of the rim within the Grand Canyon National Park.[18] Flights within the canyon are still available outside of park boundaries.[19]
Development [ edit ]
The US government had halted development of a 1.6 million acres area including the national park from 1966 to 2009, during the Bennett Freeze, because of an ownership dispute between Hopi and Navajo.[20]
Grand Canyon Association [ edit ]
The Grand Canyon Association (GCA) is the National Park Service's official nonprofit partner. It raises private funds to benefit Grand Canyon National Park by operating retail shops and visitor centers within the park, and providing educational opportunities about the natural and cultural history of the region.
A panoramic view from the South Rim
See also [ edit ]
Media related to Grand Canyon at Wikimedia Commons (image gallery)
Former Stanford University student Brock Turner was arrested on Jan. 18, 2015, for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman behind a dumpster. Turner was sentenced to only six months in county jail after being convicted of three felony sexual assault charges in March.
This Friday, Turner is set to be released from jail, having served only three months of his extremely lenient six-month sentence.
The 21-year-old's light sentence was reduced to three months before he even stepped foot in a jail cell, due to “automatically applied ‘credits'” for good behavior prior to sentencing. He was also in protective custody during his entire time behind bars. Given the charges against him, Turner had originally faced up to 14 years in prison.
Turner's lenient punishment is the perfect example of what happens when rape culture and white privilege collide. It didn't matter that there was mounting evidence against Turner, it didn't matter that his victim was unconscious and alone, it didn't even matter that Turner was convicted ― the young “promising,” “successful athlete” served only three months for assaulting a young woman whose blood-alcohol level was three times the legal limit and who was reportedly unconscious for three hours on the night of the assault.
Handout . / Reuters Brock Turner was arrested on Jan. 18, 2015 for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
The horrific assault captured the attention of the entire country in June when BuzzFeed published the 23-year-old victim's impact statement. The survivor read the gut-wrenching letter in court and addressed her attacker face to face.
The letter is a powerful commentary on sexual assault, victim-blaming and the insidious nature of rape culture.
“You don't know me, but you've been inside me, and that's why we're here today,” the young woman began her letter. “... Your damage was concrete; stripped of titles, degrees, enrollment. My damage was internal, unseen, I carry it with me. You took away my worth, my privacy, my energy, my time, my safety, my intimacy, my confidence, my own voice, until today.” (Read the full letter here.)
The only voice I want to elevate on my feed is that of Brock Turner's victim. Read her letter, read aloud in court. https://t.co/lElGDx5k71 — Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) June 5, 2016
Her letter spoke for every survivor who will never find justice or peace. And millions of people were listening.
In response to Persky's light sentence, California lawmakers recently passed legislation that would make jail time mandatory in cases like Turner's. Under the provisions of this new legislation, Turner would have faced a minimum of three years in jail.
Judge #AaronPersky believes you can't be too harsh on rapist. Up for reelection 6/7. Send him to his retirement. pic.twitter.com/FKXOPnhvK1 — Cheryl ☯ (@CosmosGrl26) June 4, 2016
While Turner's victim will tragically never receive the justice she so deserves, her story and her words powerfully impacted the public conversation surrounding sexual assault and the effects of rape culture.
As the young survivor said in a statement to the press in June: “I remain anonymous, yes to protect my identity, but it is also a statement that all of these people are fighting for someone that they don't know. That's the beauty of it. I don't need labels, categories, to prove I'm worthy of respect, to prove I should be listened to.”
WAILUKU >> Rapidly increasing erosion on the Maui shoreline has threatened a cemetery temple building and swept away close to 100 gravestones.
SHARE
ADVERTISING
WAILUKU >> Rapidly increasing erosion on the Maui shoreline has threatened a cemetery temple building and swept away close to 100 gravestones.
The Mantokuji Soto Zen Mission of Paia temple, established in 1906, holds more than 600 grave markers in its cemetery along the coast of Mantokuji Bay, the Maui News reported.
Climate change coupled with stronger surf has claimed at least 3 to 4 acres of the property over the years.
“The shoreline has been a threat, but just in the last three years, the ocean has been really bad,” temple member Cathy Murayama said. “It's always slowly creeping up on us, but now we can see it 20 yards away from the kitchen, and maybe not even that. It's like at our back door, and more than ever we feel the urgency to do something.”
Temple and community members have recovered gravestones along the shoreline and piled them up in the middle of the cemetery. But community members said they fear the temple itself could be swept away.
A planning consultant was hired last month to research viable solutions to protect the temple, cemetery and minister's residence.
“We've had to hire someone else to help us with the shoreline erosion (because) in the next decade it's going to affect the temple structure itself if we don't do anything,” temple member Eric Moto said. “It's either going to be some kind of erosion mitigation, or we'll move the structure further inland. We're faced with a daunting task either way.”
Preventing further erosion and protecting the temple could cost millions of dollars, Murayama said.
“We're working really hard right now to preserve and protect the temple, plus the spirituality,” Murayama said. “We're the only Soto mission on Maui, so if the church wasn't there we wouldn't have all the history, and everything our parents and grandparents built would be gone.”
A mapping of the brain David Feinberg/PLoS ONE A new study in America gives hope of a breakthrough in finding a cure for Alzheimer's
Scientists in America are hopeful of a breakthrough in curing Alzheimer's, following a study that shows a way of bringing back the lost memories of dementia patients.
Researchers at the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine have erased and successfully reactivated memories in rats, offering hope that the same can be achieved with humans.
The study, published next month, is the first to show the ability to selectively remove a memory and then reactivate it.
This is done by stimulating nerves in the brain at frequencies that are known to weaken and strengthen the connections between nerve cells, called synapses.
Roberto Malinow, a professor of neurosciences and senior author of the study, said: "We can form a memory, erase that memory and we can reactivate it, at will, by applying a stimulus that selectively strengthens or weakens synaptic connections.
"Since our work shows we can reverse the processes that weaken synapses, we could potentially counteract some of the beta amyloid's effects in Alzheimer's patients."
Scientists optically stimulated a group of nerves in a rat's brain that had been genetically modified to make them sensitive to light, while simultaneously delivering an electrical shock to the animal's foot.
The rats soon learned to associate the optical nerve stimulation with pain and displayed fear behaviours when these nerves were stimulated.
In the next stage of the experiment, the research team stimulated the same nerves with a memory-erasing, low-frequency train of optical pulses.
These rats subsequently no longer responded to the original nerve stimulation with fear, suggesting the pain-association memory had been erased.
The scientists found they could then re-activate the lost memory by re-stimulating the same nerves with a memory-forming, high-frequency train of optical pulses.
These re-conditioned rats once again responded to the original stimulation with fear, even though they had not had their feet re-shocked.
Sadegh Nabavi, a postdoctoral researcher in the lab and the study's lead author, said: "We can cause an animal to have fear and then not have fear and then to have fear again by stimulating the nerves at frequencies that strengthen or weaken the synapses."
A new study in America gives hope of a breakthrough in finding a cure for Alzheimer's
Scientists in America are hopeful of a breakthrough in curing Alzheimer's, following a study that shows a way of bringing back the lost memories of dementia patients.
Researchers at the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine have erased and successfully reactivated memories in rats, offering hope that the same can be achieved with humans.
The study, published next month, is the first to show the ability to selectively remove a memory and then reactivate it.
This is done by stimulating nerves in the brain at frequencies that are known to weaken and strengthen the connections between nerve cells, called synapses.
Roberto Malinow, a professor of neurosciences and senior author of the study, said: "We can form a memory, erase that memory and we can reactivate it, at will, by applying a stimulus that selectively strengthens or weakens synaptic connections.
"Since our work shows we can reverse the processes that weaken synapses, we could potentially counteract some of the beta amyloid's effects in Alzheimer's patients."
Scientists optically stimulated a group of nerves in a rat's brain that had been genetically modified to make them sensitive to light, while simultaneously delivering an electrical shock to the animal's foot.
The rats soon learned to associate the optical nerve stimulation with pain and displayed fear behaviours when these nerves were stimulated.
In the next stage of the experiment, the research team stimulated the same nerves with a memory-erasing, low-frequency train of optical pulses.
These rats subsequently no longer responded to the original nerve stimulation with fear, suggesting the pain-association memory had been erased.
The scientists found they could then re-activate the lost memory by re-stimulating the same nerves with a memory-forming, high-frequency train of optical pulses.
These re-conditioned rats once again responded to the original stimulation with fear, even though they had not had their feet re-shocked.
Sadegh Nabavi, a postdoctoral researcher in the lab and the study's lead author, said: "We can cause an animal to have fear and then not have fear and then to have fear again by stimulating the nerves at frequencies that strengthen or weaken the synapses."
The recent emergence of a powerful machine-learning technique known as deep learning has made computing giants such as Google, Facebook, and Microsoft even hungrier for data. It's what lets software learn to do things like recognize images or understand language.
Yet many problems where deep learning could be most valuable involve data that is hard to come by or is held by organizations that are unwilling to share it. And as Apple CEO Tim Cook puts it, some consumers are already concerned about companies “gobbling up” their personal information.
“A lot of people who hold sensitive data sets like medical images are just not going to share them for legal and regulatory concerns,” says Vitaly Shmatikov, a professor at Cornell Tech who studies privacy. “In some sense we're depriving these people from the benefits of deep learning.”
Shmatikov and researchers at Microsoft and Google are all working on ways to get around that privacy problem. By providing ways to use and train the artificial neural networks used in deep learning without needing to gobble up everything, they hope to be able to train smarter software, and convince the guardians of sensitive data to make use of such systems.
Shmatikov and colleague Reza Shokri are testing what they call “privacy-preserving deep learning.” It provides a way to get the benefit of multiple organizations—say, different hospitals—combining their data to train deep-learning software without having to take the risk of actually sharing it.
Each organization trains deep-learning algorithms on its own data, and then shares only key parameters from the trained software. Those can be combined into a system that performs almost as well as if it were trained on all the data at once.
The Cornell research was partly funded by Google, which has published a paper on similar experiments and is talking with Shmatikov about his ideas. The company's researchers invented a way to train the company's deep-learning algorithms using data such as images from smartphones without transferring that data into Google's cloud.
That could make it easier for the company to leverage the very personal information held on our mobile devices, they wrote. Google declined to make someone available to discuss that research, but Shmatikov believes the company is still working on it.
Microsoft's cryptography research group has developed its own solution to machine learning's privacy problem. It invented a way to use trained deep-learning software on encrypted data and spit out encrypted answers. The idea is that a hospital, for example, could ask Microsoft to use one of these “CryptoNets” to flag medical scans containing possible problems, avoiding the usual need to expose the images to the company.
The Microsoft researchers pulled off that trick using a technique called homomorphic encryption, which makes it possible to perform mathematical operations on encrypted data and produce an encrypted result (see “10 Breakthrough Technologies 2011: Homomorphic Encryption”). They have tested the idea using deep-learning software that recognizes handwriting, and a system that estimates a patient's risk of pneumonia from his vital signs.
A CryptoNet requires more computing power than conventional deep-learning software to do the same work. But Kristin Lauter, who leads Microsoft's cryptography research, says the gap is small enough that CryptoNets could become practical for real-world use. “The health, financial, and pharmaceutical industries are where I think this is most likely to be used first,” she says.
John Bel Edwards
Democrat John Bel Edwards advances to Nov. 21 runoff in Louisiana governor's race.
(Photo by Andrew Boyd, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
BATON ROUGE -- Democrat John Bel Edwards has secured a spot in the Nov. 21 runoff to decide who will be Louisiana's next governor.
With a base of Democratic Party support, Edwards easily advanced Saturday to the two-man race to decide who will follow term-limited Gov. Bobby Jindal into office. Edwards, a state representative, was the lone major Democratic candidate on the ballot.
Nine candidates for governor are in the race, but the race comes down to four major contenders: Edwards, Republican Public Service Commissioner Scott Angelle, Republican Lt. Gov. Jay Dardenne and Republican U.S. Sen. David Vitter.
While his three GOP opponents struck at each other, Edwards saved most of his criticism for Jindal, who Edwards blamed for cratering the state's finances. Edwards said his rivals each represent a Jindal third term.
Over the weekend, thousands of conservative evangelical Christians gathered in Washington for the annual Values Voter Summit. That label leads to a natural question: What values were actually encouraged by the speakers and attendees at this event?
The answer is clear. Bigotry, intolerance, hypocrisy, divisiveness, dishonesty and violence.
Advertisement:
Donald Trump, the first sitting president to attend the event, was a featured speaker. He is a man who almost literally embodies the Seven Deadly Sins as explained by the Bible. Yet the so-called Christians at the summit gave him a 20-second ovation and repeatedly interrupted his speech with cheers. He told them, "We don't worship government, we worship God," and proclaimed, "We are stopping all our attacks on Judeo-Christian values."
Roy Moore, the Republican senatorial nominee in Alabama, was also a featured guest. He told attendees: "When you forget God, you can forget politics. When you forget God you forget, just like it says, your heritage, your rights, your freedoms."
We forget that what they really want to do in this land is remove the knowledge of God. That won't happen, as far as I can see, because I think the people of God are rising up in this land today. In 2016 we were given a new lease, a new reason, and it's upon us now. This is not complicated.
For Moore, the commandment to "follow God's law" is allied to his belief that gays and lesbians are committing blatantly immoral acts akin to bestiality.
Former White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon, who has since returned to his role as the head of Breitbart News (which a recent investigative report by BuzzFeed has revealed to be a white nationalist and "alt-right" propaganda clearinghouse) told the audience, "This is not my war. This is our war. And y'all didn't start it. The establishment started it. But I will tell you one thing — you all are going to finish it."
Even in this swamp of radical right-wing talking points and political con artists who confuse some version of revanchist conservatism with "God's will" and "Christian values," former Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka's comments were perhaps the most dangerous.
In a speech on Saturday, Gorka included the following threat: "The left has no idea how much more damage we can do to them as private citizens, as people unfettered." On the surface, this comment suggests that right-wing Christian evangelicals do not need the help of the United States government in order to win their war against liberals, Muslims or whoever else they identify as the enemy. But the context of Gorka's speech -- and what is known about his values -- highlights a deeper and more sinister intent.
Advertisement:
Gorka is an apparent Nazi sympathizer who has proudly worn a medal given to his father by the Hungarian far-right anti-Semitic group Vitézi Rend. In an interview with the far-right propaganda site World Net Daily, also over the weekend, Gorka said that "radical leftists" were among the three greatest threats to America along with "radical Islamic jihadists" and China.
Bannon also shares many of Gorka's beliefs. Trump's former strategist has a nihilistic vision of destroying the cosmopolitan and multicultural society of the United States (and the West) in favor of a majority white Christian empire where nonwhites, Muslims and other "non-desirables" are not welcome.
Viewed in isolation, Gorka's threats against "the left" are another example of the eliminationist rhetoric and direct threats of violence made by Trump and his political and media allies against Democrats, liberals and progressives broadly defined.
When placed in a broader context, however, Gorka's comments -- along with those made by Trump, Bannon, Moore and others -- signal at how white Christian evangelicals are being folded into a broader fascist movement.
Advertisement:
In 2007, Chris Hedges explained this danger in an interview with Democracy Now!:
When you follow the logical conclusion of the ideology they preach, there really are only two options for people who do not submit to their authority. . . . Either you convert, or you're exterminated. That's what the obsession with the end times, with the rapture, which, by the way, is not in the Bible, is about. It is about . . . saying, ultimately, if you do not give up control to us, you will be physically eradicated by a vengeful God. And that lust for violence . . . is very common to totalitarian movements, the belief that massive catastrophic violence can be used as a cleansing agent to purge the world. And that's, you know, something that this movement bears in common with other despotic and frightening radical movements that we've seen . . . throughout the past century.
In her 2007 book, “Kingdom Coming: The Rise of Christian Nationalism,” former Salon reporter Michelle Goldberg communicates a similar warning about the threat to American society posed by the Christian right. She describes a New York Times interview from a few years earlier with Fritz Stern, a refugee from Nazi Germany who became a historian at Columbia University:
It quoted a speech [Stern] had given in Germany that drew parallels between Nazism and the American religious right. "Some people recognized the moral perils of mixing religion and politics," he was quoted saying of prewar Germany, "but many more were seduced by it. It was the pseudo-religious transfiguration of politics that largely ensured [Hitler's] success, notably in Protestant areas." It's not surprising that Stern is alarmed. Reading his forty-five-year-old book "The Politics of Cultural Despair: A Study in the Rise of the Germanic Ideology," I shivered at its contemporary resonance. "The ideologists of the conservative revolution superimposed a vision of national redemption upon their dissatisfaction with liberal culture and with the loss of authoritative faith," he wrote in the introduction. "They posed as the true champions of nationalism, and berated the socialists for their internationalism, and the liberals for their pacifism and their indifference to national greatness." Fascism isn't imminent in America. But its language and aesthetics are distressingly common among Christian nationalists. . . . Speaking to outsiders, most Christian nationalists say they're simply responding to anti-Christian persecution. They say that secularism is itself a religion, one unfairly imposed on them. They say they're the victims in the culture wars. But Christian nationalist ideologues don't want equality, they want dominance.
When discussing the Values Voter Summit (and the evangelical right), journalists and pundits should always deal in specifics. Language such as "Christian" and "values" must be interrogated. Unstated assumptions must be exposed to the light of critical inquiry.
Advertisement:
For example, "Christian" does not necessarily mean good or benign. The white supremacist terrorist group the Ku Klux Klan was and is a Christian organization. White Christian evangelicals overwhelmingly supported Jim and Jane Crow and its campaign of racial terrorism against black Americans. White evangelicals have also backed the racist policies of the Republican Party during the post-civil rights era, and have consistently opposed equal rights for women and gays and lesbians, as well as other marginalized groups. Like Republicans and conservatives in general, white evangelicals apparently possess little empathy for poor and working-class people.
Ultimately, the Bible ought not to be a shield -- especially when too many people are willing to wield it as a cudgel against their fellow Americans in a quest to replace the rule of law under a secular constitution with a fascist theocracy.
Evans is currently ranked at a career-high 123rd in the world
Dan Evans is set to become the fourth British man ranked inside the world's top 100 after winning an ATP Challenger title in Taiwan.
The 25-year-old from Birmingham beat Russia's Konstantin Kravchuk 3-6 6-4 6-4 in Sunday's final.
Evans, a member of Britain's Davis Cup-winning team last year, is on course to rise from 123rd to around 97th - the first time he has broken the top 100.
He was ranked 766th in the world at this stage last year.
Evans will join fellow Britons Andy Murray (2), Aljaz Bedene (59) and Kyle Edmund (89) among the world's top 100 men in Monday's new rankings.
Never want to miss the latest tennis news? You can now add this sport and all the other sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home.
Mindy McCready | Photo Credits: Frederick Breedon/WireImage More
David Wilson, the boyfriend of country singer Mindy McCready, died Sunday from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, The New York Daily News reports.
See celebrities we've lost this year
The record producer was found at his home in Heber Springs, Ark., before being taken to a nearby hospital and pronounced dead.
McCready and Wilson had been together two years and have a 9-month-old child, Zayne.
Winter TV's must-see new shows
"David was my soulmate," McCready said in a statement to People. "He was a precious gift from God to all of us and, yesterday, he returned home and is now with his mother and father. David loved and was loved. Those who knew and loved him will miss him; those who did know know David missed the opportunity to know a truly loving and gifted man."
WASHINGTON (WJLA) - An overnight train derailment on Metro's Red line has shut down two stations and caused major delays throughout the Friday morning commute.
The derailment happened at about midnight. Metro says the train was being moved from the nearby Brentwood rail yard to the Greenbelt yard for maintenance when it jumped the tracks.
The agency is still trying to determine the cause.
Full service was restored at all Red line stations just after 1:30 p.m., more than 12 hours after the derailment was reported.
The third rail, signal cables and other components along more than 1,000 feet of track were damaged during the derailment. No one was injured during the incident.
With the capitol doom looming in the distance, scores of Metro workers repaired the damage done when the fourth and fifth car of the train derailed.
“There was no indication from the preliminary investigation that this had anything to do or had any relation to track infrastructure or anything to do with the rail cars themselves,” says Caroline Lukas, Metro spokeswoman.
Metro rider Cleveland Wright is happy the Red Line is back running, but Friday's issue is another reminder of the problems this line has had, including the deadly 2009 crash.
“It's concerning, it's concerning,” Wright says. “I could have been on there, I'm just glad no one got hurt.”
Walter Bias' commute to work was a little longer than usual Friday morning, but he's hoping for a smooth Red Line ride home to start his long labor day weekend.
“I hope so,” he says. “It hasn't come yet. But I hope so.”
New Zealand's Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully (left) apologises for the confusion surrounding the sexual assault case involving a Malaysian envoy. — AFP pic
KUALA LUMPUR, July 2 — New Zealand's Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully today apologised over the confusion surrounding the sexual assault case involving a Malaysian envoy, expressing contrition over his officials dealings with Malaysian authorities.
McCully acknowledged that his ministry's decision to opt for backchannels instead of official communications led to the Malaysian attaché being allowed to leave the country and triggered an embarrassing public exchange between the two countries.
“The victim and her family are entitled to a better standard of performance. I think that the communication that was undertaken formally was perfectly appropriate, but it wasn't supported by unambiguous communication of the standard that I would've expected,” McCully was quoted as saying in a Radio New Zealand News report.
The minister conceded that both he and Prime Minister John Key were not fully apprised of the facts in the case when both spoke critically of Malaysia's handling in the matter, and said his ministry was now investigating its officials over the matter.
McCully also issued an apology on Key's behalf.
Separately, the chief of New Zealand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs John Allen also granted that the decision to use informal communications with Malaysia had led the latter country to believe the accused envoy was allowed to leave, but said he was not aware of this until Monday.
“An impression unintended was left with our Malaysian colleagues that they had an option of not accepting the waiver proposition returning the diplomat to Malaysia and allowing the military tribunal to run its course.”
But Allen declined to say if he will step down over the matter.
Yesterday, McCully came out to say that Malaysia acted “entirely in good faith” following a series of public exchanges by leaders of both countries in the case of a Malaysian diplomat accused of burglary and attempted sexual assault in Wellington.
New Zealand had earlier alluded that Malaysian authorities had attempted bury the case and were allowing the junior envoy to escape punishment by refusing to New Zealand's official request for his diplomatic immunity to be rescinded.
McCully yesterday conceded that an official request was not lodged with Malaysia.
“The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade has this evening provided me with the correspondence between New Zealand and Malaysian officials on this matter. While the formal request is absolutely unambiguous in seeking the lifting of immunity, it is now clear to me that officials engaged in informal communications over what is a complex case, in a manner that would have been ambiguous to the Malaysian Government,” he said in a statement yesterday.
The junior envoy, Muhammad Rizalman, 38, was arrested by Kiwi police on May 9 on allegations of attempted burglary and sexual assault on a 21-year-old woman.
He was charged in a New Zealand court a day later for burglary and assault with intent to commit rape, with the court granting a suppression order to protect his identity.
Diplomatic immunity was later invoked and prevented the prosecution in New Zealand; Muhammad Rizalman was then recalled to Malaysia.
The suppression order was lifted yesterday, amid growing outrage in New Zealand with Prime Minister John Key saying that he would prefer the Malaysian tried in New Zealand.
McCully said he had been been assured by his Malaysian counterpart that the junior envoy will face proper judicial process.
Malaysia, in turn, said it would be willing to extradite the attaché to New Zealand but only if “absolutely necessary”.
HYPOCRITE: Elizabeth Warren Presses Cabinet Picks To Follow Ethics Guidelines; Chooses To Skirt Same Guidelines Hiding $1.3 Million
Democrats Continue Pattern Of Hypocrisy
Elizabeth Warren is the perfect victim, just like most Democrat politicians. Warren earned the nickname Pocahontas because of her dishonesty in claiming she is native American to aid her career.
From Legal Insurrection:
t's a story which exposes her weak spot — she has perfected the politics of victimhood, yet she victimized one of the most historically victimized groups, the Cherokee, by using their identity to aid her career. Her inability to acknowledge what she did and apologize reveals a character trait that is not very becoming. Yet there are many other scandals and peculiarities in her past, as we have documented at ElizabethWarrenWiki.org, from inaccurate descriptions of her corporate legal work, to nickel-and-diming the federal electronic court docket system despite an almost million-dollar-a-year family income, to the flat out bizarre claim that she was the first nursing mother to take the New Jersey Bar Exam.
Now Elizabeth Warren is on capitol hill grilling Trump's cabinet picks over ethics as she leads the her self-righteous charge for the cameras. There is only one problem, she doesn't follow the same ethics she is demanding everyone else follow.
From The Free Beacon:
A U.S. senator who took advantage of a loophole in ethics laws to avoid disclosing a $1.3 million credit line against her home is now warning that incomplete financial disclosures from cabinet nominees put the country at risk. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's (D., Mass.) warning came in the Washington Post, where she wrote that “it is critical that each nominee follows basic ethics rules to ensure that they will act for the benefit of all the American people.” Warren argued that financial disclosures are needed to “reveal potentially damaging information that may undermine fitness to serve” and that nominees with “complex financial histories” need to be “forthcoming and transparent.” Warren, meanwhile, continues to skirt congressional ethics laws by failing to include a $1.3 million line of credit against her Cambridge, Massachusetts, home on financial disclosure forms. The line of credit was extended to Warren and her husband Bruce Mann in 2007 through financial giant Bank of America. It was first noted by the Boston Herald after Warren failed to include the line of credit as a liability on her 2014 financial disclosure filing. It was also absent from her 2015 filing. An aide for Warren, who is worth millions, defended the omission, stating at the time that a home equity line of credit like the one that Warren received from Bank of America doesn't have the same reporting requirements as a typical home mortgage, which would have to be reported.
Last week The Gateway Pundit reported on another hypocritical Democrat, Al Franken.
Hypocrite Al Franken Criticizes Tom Price For Owning Tobacco Stocks That He Also Owns
From TGP:
The hypocrisy of the left is never ending. The latest example comes from Democratic Sen. Al Franken who on Wednesday criticized Rep. Tom Price for owning Tobacco stock in companies that he also owns stock in.
Video
How far would you go to show your religious faith? Some families in rural India — both Hindus and Muslims — are willing to let their babies be tossed off the roof of a shrine, to be caught in a stretched bedsheet about 30 feet below.
The ritual, long popular in Maharashtra and Karnataka States, dates back almost 700 years, to a time when infant mortality was high, medical knowledge was scant and families had few places to turn for help.
Legend has it that a saint advised people whose babies were dying to build a shrine and drop the ailing infants from the roof to show their trust in the almighty. When they did so, the story goes, the babies were miraculously cradled to safety in a hammock-like sheet that appeared in midair.
From then on, prayers for the birth of a healthy baby in the region have included a promise to toss the baby as an offering to the god who granted the prayers. Villagers believe that the ritual brings the child long life and good luck, and maintain that it does no harm.
Dom Joly's cult Channel 4 comedy Trigger Happy TV looks like it is making a comeback after 12 years.
Advertisement
The broadcaster says that it is in talks about resurrecting the prank-fest that last aired in 2003 for a series of online short-form videos available on catch-up service All 4.
Joly also confirmed that he is in talks about the new series, telling RadioTimes.com that he wants to make the new run “bigger and more cinematic in scope” than the TV series which was best remembered for his massive trilling mobile phone which he would bring out at inopportune moments – such as during a classical concert – and bellow “HELLO!”
Other memorable sketches include Joly dressed in a huge snail costume crawling across a zebra crossing.
“It's early days and we haven't signed a deal yet but my hope is to make it quite bigger and cinematic in scope,” he revealed.
“They will be short films but more targeted at things and have a more satirical edge. There will be certain targets and themes, but not in a boring way of course.”
He said that politicians and celebrities may be in the firing line and he is also keen to explore the subject of “surveillance society” which has grown up since Trigger Happy TV last aired.
“These are things that really piss me off,” he laughed.
“I like the idea of releasing stuff on the web that goes around the world at the same time. If that possibility had existed when we did Trigger Happy TV last time I would have done that – set up a YouTube channel or something.”
He said he wasn't worried about pranks falling through because he is now more recognisable since his first brush with fame.
“I won't be in all of these and I did Fool Britannia for ITV after Trigger Happy TV and it wasn't a problem. There will be prosthetics and costumes as well.”
Advertisement
Joly expects to make a pilot first which will film in June or July before a full series is made.
Image copyright Getty Images
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg says his company will share 3,000 Russia-linked political adverts with US investigators.
He also pledged to make political advertising more transparent on his network in future.
"We will work with others to create a new standard for transparency for online political ads," he said in a live address on his Facebook profile.
He said political advertising will now carry disclaimers about which campaign or organisation paid for it.
He added that the company was continuing to investigate instances of foreign actors abusing its advertising platform, including Russia and other "former Soviet states".
The move to share details with investigators comes after considerable public pressure for Facebook to be more transparent - and is being interpreted by some as an attempt to fend off any potential regulation from the US government.
But US President Donald Trump questioned the decision in a tweet on Friday morning.
"The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?" he said, referring to Hillary Clinton, the rival he defeated in the 2016 US presidential election.
What are the adverts?
Earlier this month it was revealed that politically-charged advertising had been targeted at American voters, paid for, Facebook believed, by Russian actors with links to the Kremlin.
The adverts did not support a specific candidate, Facebook said, but instead posted inflammatory information on hot topics, such as immigration.
The company said it would share details of those advertisements with a wide-ranging US investigation into Russian meddling in 2016's presidential election.
Why is Facebook sharing them?
In a blog post explaining the move, Facebook's head of policy, Elliot Schrage, wrote: "After an extensive legal and policy review, we've concluded that sharing the ads we've discovered with Congress, in a manner that is consistent with our obligations to protect user information, will help government authorities complete the vitally important work of assessing what happened in the 2016 election.
"That is an assessment that can be made only by investigators with access to classified intelligence and information from all relevant companies and industries - and we want to do our part.
"Congress is best placed to use the information we and others provide to inform the public comprehensively and completely."
Democratic Senator Mark Warner, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, praised Facebook's decision.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said earlier this month that Russia had nothing at all to do with the advertising.
"We have never heard of this, we do not know anything about this, let alone have anything to do with these affairs," he was quoted as saying by the state news agency Tass.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Donald Trump has been dogged by suspicion over his ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin
What is Facebook's new advertising policy?
In his address, Mr Zuckerberg detailed how he planned to make political advertising more transparent, bringing it more in line with how broadcasts are regulated.
"When someone buys political ads on TV or other media, they're required by law to disclose who paid for them. But you still don't know if you're seeing the same messages as everyone else," he said.
"So we're going to bring Facebook to an even higher standard of transparency. Not only will you have to disclose which page paid for an ad, but we will also make it so you can visit an advertiser's page and see the ads they're currently running to any audience on Facebook."
Finally, Mr Zuckerberg said his firm was working to protect the integrity of the upcoming elections in Germany. He said action had been taken against thousands of "fake accounts", and was partnering with the country's Federal Office for Information Security.
The "Battle of Old Trafford" was a Premier League match played on Sunday, 21 September 2003 between Manchester United and Arsenal.[2][3][4] The name was later applied to the same fixture during the following season. The final result, a 0–0 draw, turned out to be significant for Arsenal as they went on to finish the league season without a single defeat, something that had only been achieved once before in English football, by Preston North End in 1888–89.[5]
The highlights of the match included the sending-off of Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira for a second bookable offence, for an incident that also brought about a booking for Manchester United centre-forward Ruud van Nistelrooy, and the decision by referee Steve Bennett to award Manchester United a penalty kick in the last minute of the match. Players from both teams were charged by the Football Association (FA) for their reactions at the end of the game, five Arsenal players and two Manchester United players were forced to pay fines.[6]
Background [ edit ]
Fixtures between Manchester United and Arsenal had seen a number of controversial incidents in the previous seasons. The rivalry between the two clubs had grown more intense since the formation of the Premier League in 1992, since when all but one Premier League title had been won by Manchester United or Arsenal (Blackburn Rovers won the title in 1994–95). However, the rivalry could be traced back to Alex Ferguson's first fixture against Arsenal as United manager in 1987, when David Rocastle was sent off and a row erupted.[7] The following season, Brian McClair missed a penalty for United in an FA Cup tie and Nigel Winterburn made a point of aggravating him. McClair got his revenge in 1990: after a lunging tackle from Winterburn on Denis Irwin, McClair and Irwin both kicked Winterburn while he lay on the floor, sparking a 21-man brawl.[8] Both teams were fined and deducted points and it has often been suggested that this was a turning point in relations.[7][9] The rivalry continued to intensify as "hard men" such as Patrick Vieira, Roy Keane and Martin Keown joined the sides.
The previous league match between the two clubs in April 2003 at Highbury was a competitive and bad-tempered affair. In a match that finished in a 2–2 draw, Sol Campbell received a straight red card for violent conduct after elbowing Ole Gunnar Solskjær in the face.[10][11] Manchester United went on to claim the title from Arsenal by five points after clawing back from being eight points down at the start of March 2003.
The clubs had also been paired together in the fourth round of the FA Cup in February 2003. Paul Scholes and Ruud van Nistelrooy of Manchester United, and Patrick Vieira of Arsenal were all shown yellow cards within the first seven minutes of the match and referee Jeff Winter had to call Vieira and Roy Keane together to calm their teammates down. Keane himself received a yellow card in the first half and Ryan Giggs missed an open goal from 18 yards. Arsenal eventually won the match 2–0 and the result infuriated Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson to such an extent that he kicked a boot across the changing room that hit David Beckham above the left eye.[12]
As Manchester United and Arsenal won the Premier League and FA Cup respectively, both teams met in another heated match at the Millennium Stadium a month earlier for the 2003 Community Shield. Phil Neville was booked in the first minute for a challenge on Patrick Vieira, and a minute later Ashley Cole received a booking for fouling Ole Gunnar Solskjær. Yellow cards were also given to Quinton Fortune and Paul Scholes for United and Patrick Vieira for Arsenal, Arsenal substitute Francis Jeffers was shown a straight red for a kick on Phil Neville and, despite originally going unpunished, Sol Campbell was later given a three-match ban by the FA for kicking out at Eric Djemba-Djemba.[13] The game finished 1–1 after 90 minutes and United eventually won the Shield 4–3 on penalties. Ruud van Nistelrooy had his spot kick saved by debutant Jens Lehmann but it was his opposite number and fellow debutant Tim Howard who was the hero, saving penalties from Giovanni van Bronckhorst and Robert Pires.[14]
Arsenal entered the match in second place in the Premier League after five matches,[15] holding an unbeaten record that stretched back to the end of the previous season. Manchester United were a point behind Arsenal in third place, but they had already lost one match that season,[15] against Southampton three weeks earlier.[16]
Match [ edit ]
Summary [ edit ]
Arsenal were missing defender Sol Campbell from their team after the death of his father, and manager Arsène Wenger dropped wingers Robert Pires and Sylvain Wiltord in favour of Ray Parlour and Freddie Ljungberg, creating a more physical midfield. Wenger's tactics worked, as the Arsenal defence withstood the pressure from the Manchester United attack.[17] United themselves were without Paul Scholes due to injury, and they played a 4–3–2–1 formation with Phil Neville, Roy Keane and Quinton Fortune completing a defensively minded midfield.[1]
When Cristiano Ronaldo was fouled on the right wing 40 yards from goal in the 13th minute, Ryan Giggs was presented with the first chance of the match; although intended as a cross, Giggs' free-kick hit the outside of the post.[17] Another foul on Ronaldo gave Giggs another chance to apply pressure with a crossed free-kick shortly after, but Ruud van Nistelrooy was only able to loop the ball over the goal with his head with goalkeeper Jens Lehmann beaten.[17] Arsenal's attacking play lacked their usual ambition,[18] with their best opportunity coming in the 75th minute, when a deft touch from Dennis Bergkamp almost played Patrick Vieira into the penalty area.[17]
The match was characterised by a large number of fouls – 13 by United, 18 by Arsenal – and referee Steve Bennett showed four yellow cards to each team, although most of those came as a result of the fracas at the end of the game.[1] Vieira was booked in the 77th minute for a foul on Quinton Fortune, and was shown a second yellow card not long after, in the 80th minute.[17] In challenging for a high ball outside the Arsenal penalty area, Van Nistelrooy jumped up onto Vieira's back. Vieira fell to the ground and kicked out at Van Nistelrooy in retaliation, causing the Manchester United striker to jump backwards. Van Nistelrooy was booked for the original foul, and although Vieira's kick failed to connect with the Dutchman, the referee believed that the intent was there and booked Vieira for the second time, resulting in his dismissal.[17]
Despite Arsenal being reduced to 10 men, the scores remained level as the game went into its final minute, when Diego Forlán went to ground in the penalty area under a challenge from Arsenal defender Martin Keown while trying to reach a Gary Neville cross. The referee deemed this a foul and awarded a penalty.[17] Van Nistelrooy stepped up to take the penalty, despite having missed his previous two penalties for Manchester United.[1] Lehmann tried to put him off by moving from side to side along the goal line, and it appeared to work: the shot hit the bar and rebounded back into play, and the Dutchman was immediately confronted by Keown. Within a minute, the final whistle blew and the match finished as a goalless draw.[17]
At the final whistle, Van Nistelrooy was immediately confronted by Arsenal players Martin Keown, Lauren, Ray Parlour, Ashley Cole and Kolo Touré. Keown jumped up next to Van Nistelrooy and brought his arms down hard on the Dutchman's back, while Lauren pushed Van Nistelrooy in the back and Parlour and Cole offered verbal abuse. Van Nistelrooy did not react and was escorted away by Manchester United captain Roy Keane, but the incident escalated away from the two of them. In defence of their teammate, Manchester United players Ryan Giggs, Cristiano Ronaldo, Gary Neville, Mikaël Silvestre, Quinton Fortune and Rio Ferdinand also became involved in the situation.[19]
Details [ edit ]
Manchester United Arsenal
Statistics [ edit ]
Statistic[1] Manchester United Arsenal Goals scored 0 0 Total shots 8 5 Shots on target 5 0 Ball possession 51% 49% Corner kicks 4 3 Fouls committed 13 18 Offsides 2 3 Yellow cards 4 4 Red cards 0 1
Aftermath [ edit ]
In the post-match interviews, Van Nistelrooy was accused by both Vieira and Arsenal's manager, Arsène Wenger, of feigning contact to get Vieira sent off, while United manager Alex Ferguson defended his player and denied he had dived.[20]
As a result of these reactions, six Arsenal players, two Manchester United players and Arsenal Football Club itself were charged with improper conduct by The Football Association.[21] As a club, Arsenal were charged with "failing to ensure the proper behaviour of their players", while their players' charges ranged from one charge of improper conduct for Ashley Cole's "involvement in a confrontation with Cristiano Ronaldo after the final whistle" to Lauren's two counts of violent behaviour for "kicking out at Quinton Fortune following the penalty award and for forcibly pushing Ruud van Nistelrooy in the back following the final whistle", and two counts of improper conduct for "confronting Van Nistelrooy after Patrick Vieira's sending-off, and for confronting Ryan Giggs after the final whistle".[21] Manchester United as a club were not charged, but Ryan Giggs was charged with improper conduct for "his involvement in a confrontation with Lauren after the match had ended" and Cristiano Ronaldo was charged with improper conduct for "confronting Martin Keown at the conclusion of the match". Phil Neville was also warned about his future behaviour.[21]
Arsenal and their players pleaded guilty to the charges against them, but still received a £175,000 fine, the largest ever given to a club by the FA.[6][22] Lauren, Martin Keown, Patrick Vieira and Ray Parlour were all suspended for between one and four matches:[23] Lauren received a four-game ban – half of the potential ban he could have received – and a £40,000 fine; Keown was suspended for three matches and had to pay a £20,000 fine; Vieira and Parlour were given one-game bans and had to pay £20,000 and £10,000 respectively.[6] Jens Lehmann was originally charged but this was later dropped.[6] Ashley Cole was not suspended but was given a £10,000 fine.[6] Ryan Giggs and Cristiano Ronaldo both pleaded not guilty to their involvement in the incident, but after a five-hour hearing in December 2003, Giggs was handed a £7,500 fine and Ronaldo a £4,000 fine and both were warned about their future conduct.[24]
Arsenal finished the league season without a single defeat and earned the tag of The Invincibles, a tag once given to the 1888–89 Preston North End team, the only previous team to go through a league season undefeated.[25][26] Van Nistelrooy's missed penalty, therefore, was a crucial moment in Arsenal's season.[27] The return fixture between the two sides at Highbury finished as a 1–1 draw and passed without incident.[28] Manchester United finished in third place in the league table behind Chelsea but defeated Millwall in the 2004 FA Cup Final.[29] Their run included a semi-final victory against Arsenal courtesy of a Paul Scholes goal.[30] The following season, after Manchester United had brought Arsenal's unbeaten run to an end after 49 matches,[31] the two clubs were involved in another incident at Old Trafford, variously dubbed the Battle of Old Trafford II,[32] the Battle of the Buffet[33] or simply the Battle of Old Trafford.[34]
Getty Images
In the aftermath of multiple instances of teams commenting on when a player will return from a concussion, the NFL has issued a simple and clear directive: Stop it.
In a memo from executive V.P. of football operations Troy Vincent to all coaches and General Managers, the league has directed all teams to “refrain from making public comments regarding the condition of a concussed player or speculating as to when he may return to practice and play once in the concussion protocol.”
The memo also instructs teams to respond to inquiries about concussed players by saying “that the player is in the concussion protocol under the supervision of the medical team, and the club will monitor his status.”
It's the right approach, especially after the confusion that emerged during the on-again, off-again concussion diagnosis applied to Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith. Once the player is in the protocol, there's nothing more for the team to say until the team physician and the independent neurologist have cleared the player to return.
Millennials, or people born between the 80s, 90s and early 2000s, have had awesome childhood years – one of the things that defined it are primetime cartoons and Japanese animation, like Pokémon. That show was one of the most popular in its heyday, and the now-adults who watched it back then have fond memories with Ash Ketchum (he never ages) and the gang. Aside from the show, fans of the franchise swapped trading cards and even played video games, taking the role of a Pokémon trainer.
Yes, kids at some point would have loved to have a Pikachu or a Jigglypuff to pet around to cuddle and play with. However, if you think about it clearly, there are horrible implications in the Pokémon universe – having them around now could make our world a not-so-safe place. And no, you won't see kids running around in the wild trying to “catch them all”.
Pokémon would make horrible pets
No matter how much Pikachu likes Ash and would take a bullet for the kid, the electrically-charged mouse would make a terrible pet. Essentially, Pokémon are mainly bred for battle to beat gym leaders and participate in Pokémon Leagues around the world. As a millennial, you may have your own kids now, so let me ask you this: would you like to leave your kids around a walking thundercloud?
Be thankful we have minimally dangerous pets like cats and dogs without superpowers roaming our homes and neighborhoods.
It would make the world a dangerous place
Over the years, people have had trouble restraining animals in homes, zoos and even in the wild. Stories about rampaging elephants, rabid cats and dog attacks are common fixtures in everyday news. Be fortunate that we only have teeth and claws to worry about. If Pokémon were real, we would have to contend with fire breathing dragons like Charizard, humanoids with telekinetic powers like Alakazam and whirlwind making birds like Pidgeot. Imagine meeting them in the wild: you wouldn't survive an encounter with any of them.
Fewer Jobs for Everyone!
In both the games and the TV series, Pokémon are shown to work for their trainers and companions (a human-Pokemon relationship isn't comparable to a master and slave relationship). For example, muscular Pokémon called Machoke have been employed by moving companies, while the cute Chanseys act as nurses in hospitals and Pokémon centers, AKA veterinary clinics in the franchise's universe.
The point? Well, you would be competing with Pokémon for jobs and you would most likely fail to get hired. Why? Well, you need to get paid – Pokémon don't have to be. Multiply this scenario by the millions: people would lose their jobs and the economies would crash down.
You'd Eat Pokémon
If Pokémon were real, it means animals do not exist. Where would you get your protein? From animals of course! Yes, you will have to put slabs of Taurus meat on the grill and even eat Goldeen sashimi. Would you like a serving of Vileplume and Bellsprout salad? Going vegan isn't even an option, mainly because there are plant Pokémon. Your culinary choices will be limited – otherwise, just cook up a nice serving of roasted Pidgey. Every meal time would be filled with weird food.
Pokémon would be exploited
Sadly, we don't live in a peaceful and beautiful world. Reality is harsh, and the best things we can do are try to minimize the negatives and focus on the positives. Stories of black market trade, animal cruelty and exploitation are common: if Pokémon were real, they would suffer the same fate. People would pay to get Dophan tusks and Rhydon horns. Electric Pokémon would be sent to work 24/7 at power plants.
Although these can be regulated by laws and ensuring the Pokémon won't be overworked, using them for criminal endeavors isn't far off. The Pokémon universe has had its fair share of crime rings, like Team Rocket, Team Magma and Team Aqua. Imagine today's terrorist rings having a Pokémon army in their arsenal – results would be devastating.
Lastly, ghosts would run rampant
Although you could say that ghosts are nothing but a figment of one's imagination, but if Pokémon were real, these beings would float around graveyards, visit your homes and even eat your dreams. Imagine waking up in the middle of the night, face to face a grinning Gengar standing at the foot of your bed. Also, the apparition of one of your loved ones may be inside a Pokeball!
Overall, if you're still hoping that Pokémon would exist in your lifetime, you better hope not! Also remember, there is no glory in making your pets fight to the death!
Did we miss anything? Talk to us in the comments!
Cover photo from Gamespot.
(DISCLAIMER: ALL PHOTOS BELONG TO THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS)
By Mik Mikhail Blacer is the sports editor of Scoopfed, thanks to his passion and interest in various athletic disciplines. He plays basketball and soccer in his spare time, although he's not really good at these. Other than being a full-time writer and editor for Scoopfed, he is also an administrator of numerous basketball pages in Facebook, and was the chief editor of his college's publication. In his spare time, you'll catch him enthusiastically talking about the Philippine National Basketball team, and his favorite NBA team, the Miami Heat. He is also an avid reader of ancient history books, Paulo Coelho's novels, and superhero comics.
Tags: Pokémon
"Definitely our top value proposition is security," Steele said.
Connors believes there won't be widespread acceptance and use of Bitcoin among consumers until the technology evolves to the point where a smartphone can be tapped on a payment terminal that processes the digital currency.
Meanwhile, Green Brick wants to use blockchain, the technology underlying Bitcoin, to make it much easier and faster to wire money from one country to another. Connors and Steele had to use a lot of wire transfers in the early days of their startup. They found the process archaic, cumbersome and time consuming.
They also believe blockchain could be used for sharing and vetting legal contracts and financial documents. The technology is designed so that those documents cannot be changed or altered.
"Blockchain is what everybody is getting excited about, including the banks," Connors said.
As well, Connors and Steele see applications for worldwide crowdfunding campaigns that ask people to donate a penny or two. Current payment apps make that impossible; the processing fees are far higher than a one-penny contribution. Blockchain technology and Bitcoin could be game changers for crowdfunding and microloans, they say.
"It is very, very disruptive. I don't think people understand how disruptive it is," Connors said. "What the Internet did for information sharing, cryptocurrency is going to do to currency."
The startup wants to broaden its work into web applications that have a real-time component. An example is an application that integrates with the stock market.
"We have been forced into that with Bitcoin," Connors said.
Steele and Connors both studied systems design engineering. Steele went to the University of Waterloo, and Connors to the University of Guelph. They say theirs is a seldom used approach among startups — they fell in love with the technology and started writing code.
"Usually you have to find a problem and solve it," Connors aid. "A lot of people have done what we did and were not successful."
tpender@therecord.com
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
As if dealing with airlines wasn't enough of a hassle, now flyers have to deal with airline monopolies. A recent study by Jose Azar, Martin C. Schmalz, and Isabel Tecu found that five of the seven largest institutional shareholders of United Airlines were also among the largest shareholders of Southwest and Delta. The researchers showed that mergers among these giant shareholders, such as with BlackRock's purchase of Barclays Global Investors, results in higher prices for consumers. Even more disturbing, such monopolies are on the rise in dozens of other industries. Ad Policy
The infographic above shows the growth of monopoly power in the United States: Industries are becoming more concentrated, more profitable for their owners, more concentrated in their ownership, and older in age. Tackling these monopolies must become a priority in the years ahead not just to control rising prices, but also to rein in their growing power over consumers. Public-utility regulation may be the most important way to curtail the growing monopoly power.
For this reason, it's worth taking a second look at the fight for net neutrality: the principle that Internet service providers (ISPs)—businesses like AT&T, Verizon, and Comcast—should treat all Internet traffic equally instead of charging content creators to reach their audience. Net neutrality was one of the more remarkable successes of the Obama years, a bottom-up campaign that brought millions of citizens together to pressure industry-friendly regulators. Finally, in February 2015, the Federal Communications Commission reclassified ISPs as telecommunications services, declaring them public utilities like phone companies and allowing net-neutrality rules to go forward.
When it comes to addressing the new monopoly power in the United States, we should turn once again to public-utility regulations. The utilities here are platforms and infrastructure that everyone can rely on to carry out their activities. Public-utility regulation, which is designed to make certain resources universally accessible, is usually discussed in the context of natural monopolies, especially regarding expensive investments in infrastructure. But it's broader than that, and it may be even more important in curtailing monopoly power than just breaking those monopolies up.
First, what we're often worried about is a monopoly's power to limit access to a necessary resource, especially for disadvantaged groups. As law professor K. Sabeel Rahman argues, public-utility law grew out of the need to ensure that certain businesses had “the duty to provide a service once undertaken, to serve all comers, to demand reasonable prices, and to offer acceptable compensation.” Rahman argues that such oversight is just as critical in the age of big Internet platforms—for instance, to ensure that companies like Uber don't discriminate against people with disabilities.
Second, companies in some markets have an enormous social impact, and it's appropriate to regulate the rates that they can charge in such markets. The Dodd-Frank financial-reform act created public-utility-style reforms regulating debit cards and limiting the fees that credit-card companies can charge merchants for business transactions. Given the essential nature of this payment system, it was crucial to control abuses here. LIKE THIS? GET MORE OF OUR BEST REPORTING AND ANALYSIS
Third, by reducing the power of middlemen—those who control the networks of information, credit, transportation, and so forth—public-utility principles are pro-innovation. As law professor Tim Wu notes, discussing the principle of net neutrality, “The electric grid does not care if you plug in a toaster, an iron, or a computer. For that reason the electric grid is a model of a neutral, innovation-driving network.” As a result, the same electric grid that supported innovation in the 1930s continues to support it now, even though we've gone from inventing cars to inventing Uber.
Finally, public-utility-style regulation simply works. Rather than tinkering with market incentives, the state declares that businesses must adhere to certain principles of access, innovation, and fairness. These principles have been vital since we regulated the railroads and major utilities during the Progressive era, and we need them more than ever in the age of airplanes, Uber, and the Internet.
Ok, so maybe the title is a bit of an overstatement, but seriously… BTC traders have been diversifying out of crypto! People called for BTC price stability (we certainly aren't fans), and it has arrived. Is 2015 going to turn into the “year of the day-long, $2 range Bitcoin”?
(BFX 15m chart for May 12 shown)
Seriously though, we probably have seen more days that look like this in 2015 than the previous two years combined. Overall trading volume has seen a pretty steady increase though, so the recent stability definitely can't be attributed to a lack of interest or decrease in trading activity. Yes, automated trading probably accounts for a large percentage of the increase, but there is still a steady flow of trades which are entered manually by traders.
(BFX 1w chart shown)
A Bitcoin trader's day can only consist of so much Reddit, TV, Zerohedge and Whaleclub. We actually have to make money at some point. How do you make money in a market that ranges ~$2 in a day? You don't unless you are a robot, or have hands like Jackie Chan.
Fortunately, the Bitcoin ecosystem has evolved to such an extent that you can trade other markets without having to give up your precious buttcorns.
News recently surfaced that Huobi (in collaboration with Caimao) will now allow customers to “mortgage” their Bitcoins in order to trade with Yuan on the Shanghai stock exchange. While this isn't something we would recommend doing (but we REALLY wish Bitcoin would bubble like the Shanghai Composite), there are much safer ways to invest your Bitcoin and play other markets.
Our recommendation is a service called 1Broker.
Feel free to sign up here using our referral link.
1Broker offers access to a wide variety of markets, using Bitcoin in and out as your collateral.
Before using any service/website, we obviously recommend each user do their own individual research. A thorough read of the Bitcointalk thread for 1Broker provides plenty of insight into the sites 3-year history, which surprisingly (for Bitcoin) is pretty flawless.
Some major points:
– They haven't ever been hacked
– Contracts are backed by actual CFDs for larger positions
– Website admins will refund your BTC if you suffer a loss due to site downtime
Our only complaint is that the spreads for some of the markets are a bit big, but they have been improving over time, and we expect them to continue to do so. If you aren't trying to day-trade tiny ranging markets (like Bitcoin today), you shouldn't have a problem with the spreads currently provided.
Keep up the great work exxe, we hope to see your project continue to grow!
z33k.TV Profile Joined July 2010 United States 75 Posts Last Edited: 2012-09-03 18:27:51 #1
We are happy to announce a showmatch between ECSjow and VeraLynn. This match will be Zerg vs Terran, a fine balance of micro vs macro - a spectators matchup! - something that Z33K.TV has not aired yet!
About Sjow:
Sjow is a Swedish Terran player who made a name back in the Warcraft 3 days for himself. We've seen him in numerous online tournaments as well as placing high in MLG Raleigh 2011 where he beat Rain, Idra and Naniwa. A former GSL Code A player, he is now a member of
About Vera:
Vera is an Irish Zerg player on both NA and EU. She has been Grandmaster on NA since since season 7, placing 48th at close of season. As of this season she is one of the few female players who are GM on EU being consistently in the top 100 and is currently teamless. Her recent accomplishments have seen her take 3rd place in the
Round: BO9
Date: 3 September 2012
Time: 8pm BST // 9pm CET // 3pm EST // 9pm PST
Players: ECsjow vs Vera Lynn
Sponsor: Prize pool from SixPoolGaming
Prize: $100 ($75/$25 split)
Maps:
Showmatch starts on: GSL Daybreak
Loser picks out of a map choice of:
GSL Antiga Shipyard
ESV Ohana LE
GSL Metropolis
ESV Cloud Kingdom
GSL Daybreak
Z33K.TV will be the dedicated english stream for this tournament.
Check out the stream at
If any foreign streams want to cast this event, please PM z33k.tv!
SPONSOR
SixPoolGaming.com provides a platform to everyone playing Starcraft 2. On this platform you can find Pro Gamers that will discuss the best tactics and you can watch their stream on there as well. There will be blog posts written by the pros to share their experience with you. Something extra are the podcasts made by pros, along with interviews and random things provided by Andre ‘Gretorp' Hengchua. Alongside the podcasts there will be some videos, available for premium members. In these videos, pros will teach you the skills and things necessary to be a better gamer and make good decisions.
Follow sjow
Stream: http://sv.twitch.tv/sjow
Twitter: http://twitter.com/ECsjow
Liquipedia: http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/SjoW
User Stream thread: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=174711
Team/Sponsors: Eclypsia
Follow Vera
Stream: www.twitch.tv/veralynn_sc2
Twitter: www.twitter.com/veralynnSC2
Facebook: www.facebook.com/veralynnSC2
User Stream thread: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=342346
Liquipedia: http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/veralynn
Team/Sponsors: Teamless
Poll: Who do you think will win?
It's called a sjowmatch, I love it! (23)
45%
Veralynn (18)
35%
ECsjow (10)
20%
51 total votes (23)45%(18)35%(10)20%51 total votes Your vote: Who do you think will win? (Vote): ECsjow
(Vote): Veralynn
(Vote): It's called a sjowmatch, I love it!
We are happy to announce a showmatch betweenand. This match will be Zerg vs Terran, a fine balance of micro vs macro - a spectators matchup! - something that Z33K.TV has not aired yet!is a Swedish Terran player who made a name back in the Warcraft 3 days for himself. We've seen him in numerous online tournaments as well as placing high in MLG Raleigh 2011 where he beat Rain, Idra and Naniwa. A former GSL Code A player, he is now a member of Eclypsia and is currently at Ministry of Win.is an Irish Zerg player on both NA and EU. She has been Grandmaster on NA since since season 7, placing 48th at close of season. As of this season she is one of the few female players who are GM on EU being consistently in the top 100 and is currently teamless. Her recent accomplishments have seen her take 3rd place in the AGL August Invitational . Aside from high-level StarCraft II-play, she regularly gives free coaching on her stream to viewers and casts a number of tournaments.BO93 September 20128pm BST // 9pm CET // 3pm EST // 9pm PSTECsjow vs Vera LynnPrize pool from SixPoolGaming$100 ($75/$25 split)Showmatch starts on:Loser picks out of a map choice of:GSL Antiga ShipyardESV Ohana LEGSL MetropolisESV Cloud KingdomGSL DaybreakZ33K.TV will be the dedicated english stream for this tournament.Check out the stream at www.twitch.tv/z33ktv If any foreign streams want to cast this event, please PM z33k.tv!provides a platform to everyone playing Starcraft 2. On this platform you can find Pro Gamers that will discuss the best tactics and you can watch their stream on there as well. There will be blog posts written by the pros to share their experience with you. Something extra are the podcasts made by pros, along with interviews and random things provided by Andre ‘Gretorp' Hengchua. Alongside the podcasts there will be some videos, available for premium members. In these videos, pros will teach you the skills and things necessary to be a better gamer and make good decisions.EclypsiaTeamless
Story highlights "Finding Nemo" is about a clownfish's quest to rescue his son
In real life, one clownfish changes sex when they pair up
Biologist wonders would it be so bad if kids learned that in a fun cartoon
There is a movie sequel planned for 2015
Leave it to a scientist to spoil the fun about a cartoon fish.
"Finding Nemo" was the Oscar-winning, box office animated smash about a clownfish who go after his young son, who's been plucked from the sea and ends up in a fish tank in a dentist's office.
Rare is the child who hasn't seen the movie. So wouldn't it be something if the film or its upcoming sequel accurately depicted the life of a clownfish, writes Patrick Cooney of The Fisheries Blog
Cooney knows his stuff. He's a fish biologist at North Carolina State University with 15 years of experience . His blog post Monday wondered if it would be so bad if Disney showed how clownfish often change sex.
Yes, in real life, Nemo might become a woman.
Clownfish are sequential hermaphrodites , which helps keeps the species going by keeping the number of adult females and males fairly equal.
All young clownfish become male. And after they pair off, the dominant dude becomes a female.
(Spoiler alert)
This means that if Nemo's mom is killed (as are most of the clownfish) and Nemo hangs out with his dad after they are reunited, then one of them is going to become a woman (likely dad). Or if dad gets fished, then Nemo might become a girl when he pairs off with another male.
"Although a much different storyline, it still sounds like a crazy adventure!" Cooney writes below the headline "Finding Nemo lied to your kids."
Actually it sounds like he was just trying to use "Finding Nemo" for a little fish education.
"We are just having some fun here pointing out the crazy life cycle of clownfish while associating it with something people are familiar with...Finding Nemo," the blog says in the comments (which correctly point out that fish don't actually talk).
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ten men have been charged with the alleged sexual exploitation of teenage girls in Coventry.
The suspected sex trafficking ring allegedly preyed on vulnerable girls in the city, according to West Midlands Police.
The ten suspects, aged from 19-30, were charged yesterday with offences including rape, sexual assault and trafficking, following a police investigation into the alleged exploitation of five girls aged 16-18 at various locations across Coventry between May and September last year.
Some of the girls were in care at the time of the alleged offences, police said.
Brothers Gulfraz Banaris, 20, and 25-year-old Ifaraz Banaris, from Deedmore Road, Wood End, and Izthkhab Banaris, 24, from Eld Road, Coventry, are charged with conspiracy to traffic girls across the city for the purposes of sexual exploitation.
Gulfraz Banaris and Izthkhab Banaris are also both accused of rape.
The three appeared before Coventry magistrates yesterday and were remanded in custody to appear at Coventry Crown Court on November 7.
Brothers Isa Iqbal, 21, and 20-year-old Ismail Iqbal – both of no fixed address and cousins of the Banaris brothers – face trafficking charges and have also been remanded in custody to reappear in court in November.
Ricardo Hinkson, 23, of Telfer Road, Radford, Coventry, was remanded to appear in court this morning charged with conspiracy to traffic within the UK for the purposes of sexual exploitation.
Amir Mahmood, 27, a signwriter from Blackwell Road, Foleshill, and milkman Tasveer Hussain, 30, from Canal Road, Foleshill, Coventry, will join Hinkson at Coventry Magistrates Court charged with the same offence.
Mechanic Saleem Hussain, 30, from Beake Avenue, Coventry, and Khezer Hussain, 25, from Bordesley Green East, Stechford, Birmingham, will also face magistrates charged with sexual assault and rape, respectively, this morning.
The five alleged victims are now in council care or living with relatives under safeguarding arrangements.
They are being supported by specially-trained police officers from the public protection unit and Coventry City Council children's services.
Chief Inspector Sue Holder of West Midlands Police said: “Protecting young people from harm is a priority for West Midlands Police and the force takes reports of sexual and physical abuse extremely seriously.
“Anyone convicted of sexual exploitation, in whatever form, can expect to be dealt with severely by the courts.”
• Former Australia bowler will combine duties with English county • Gillespie has been floated as candidate to coach England in future
The Yorkshire coach, Jason Gillespie, is poised to take on a second job, in charge of Adelaide Strikers in Australia's Big Bash League.
The 39-year-old former fast bowler, whose name was recently floated as a possible future England coach should the incumbent Peter Moores be moved on, will run the Twenty20 franchise side in addition to his current position at the reigning county champions.
Gillespie, when he completes the formalities this week, will take up the role with the blessing of his current employers Yorkshire, who believe they will reap the benefits of him developing his leadership skills in the shortest form and transfer that back to their set-up in future English summers.
The Guardian understands Gillespie, who masterminded a first county championship title in 13 years for the White Rose last season, pulled out of the running for a similar position at the Melbourne Renegades, with that job subsequently going to the England fast bowling coach David Saker.
Saker is contracted to the England and Wales Cricket Board until September but looks set to part ways sooner.
Ted Cruz won 10 of the 13 delegates up for grabs at the Virginia Republican Convention today, with Donald Trump taking the other three after state delegates voted in favor of the slate recommended by the nominations committee.
The result had many Trump supporters upset, because Trump won the Virginia primary.
"I voted for Cruz in the primary but I am against this slate because this is not what our state voted for," said one delegate who took the mic to voice her concerns.
Cruz surrogate Ken Cuccinnelli argued that the outcome today was not out of line, because Trump only won 38 percent of the vote in Virginia.
"Ted is successfully coalescing -- unifying, most of the rest of the party and that's the only way we can do this, that's the only way we can win a vote like this," he told ABC after the vote.
"That and having a good grassroot is why we're doing so well in these events all around the country," he added.
Cuccinelli went on to say the slate was an "olive branch" to Trump supporters.
"If we wanted a 13-0 slate, we could have had it. Instead we supported the mixed slate that was a unity slate, and that's an effort we're trying to make all around the country," he said.
Some Trump supporters took solace in the fact that Trump is ahead in the delegate count.
"We are really pleased that Donald Trump has 1,002 delegates as of today and will be our next president," delegate Clay Chase said.
"At the end of the day, Trump is going to win on the first ballot, so the selection of the delegates is kind of a moot point, really," said Trump surrogate Corey Stewart.
"We thought it was a good show, and we did better than expected," he added.
AMD Phenom II X6 1090T review roundup
So AMD's new hexacore CPU range is official, it's cheap (comparatively speaking), but is it any good? For that we turn to the bevy of launch-day reviews, and if you're the sort of person who sneaks a look at the last page of a book because they simply have to know the outcome, here it is: for the money, the Phenom II X6 1090T processor is threatening to give Intel's similarly priced chips something of a spanking. More after the cut.
Understandably, the people who'll see the best return on the X6 will be those running apps that take advantage of the multiple cores: video editing pros, multimedia tinkerers and anything with threaded-processing support. Still, not everyone should immediately plump for the X6; at least one reviewer suggests that gamers would generally get a better return if they spent the money on a Phenom II X4 chip instead and put the leftovers toward an SSD or new video cards.
Compared to the Intel Core i7-980X, it's understandably slower, but AMD's chip is also straightforward to overclock and – while less intelligent than Intel Turbo Boost – the new Turbo CORE auto-overclock system squeezes out a welcome 400-500MHz extra.
For more details than you can probably stomach, there are plenty of reviews linked below. AMD are heavily pushing the value message with the new hexacores, promising that a full system based on the new CPU will come out cheaper than Intel's own hexacore Core i7-980X on its own.
Image copyright Kenneth Kong Image caption The logic question posted by Mr Kong is now known as 'Cheryl's Birthday'
A school maths question posted on Facebook by a Singaporean TV presenter has stumped thousands, and left many asking if that's really what is expected of Singaporean students.
The question asks readers to guess the birthday of a girl called Cheryl using the minimal clues she gives to her friends, Albert and Bernard.
Cheryl's Birthday was initially reported to be an examination question for 11-year-olds.
Students stressed by tough examinations is a perennial issue here, and Cheryl's Birthday reignited concerns that the education system was too challenging.
Image copyright facebook
But it later emerged it was for students aged about 15 taking part in last week's Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiads (Sasmo).
Organisers said the test was aimed at the top 40% and aimed to "sift out the better students", adding it was "important to clarify so that Singapore parents will not start to worry so much".
Image copyright Twitter
Kenneth Kong, who first posted the problem, told the BBC: "It's a really difficult question for younger kids, so that's why people were so shocked at first... but now that people know it's for older students, they just think it's quirky."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Author and mathematician Alex Bellos demonstrates how to solve the problem
Sasmo's executive director Henry Ong defended the question, saying there was "a place for some kind of logical and analytical thinking in the workplace and in our daily lives".
Image copyright Twitter
"We are not saying this problem is for every student... But if this kind of problems can be used to stretch the better students to sharpen their analytical power, why not?"
The question, which has been shared around the world, sparked a Twitter hashtag #cherylsbirthday and even a music track.
"After spending so much time together, thinking of Cheryl's birthdate, Albert and Bernard soon fell in love with each other and forgot all about Cheryl," said Elfy Bianca Hassan on Mr Kong's page.
"Dump her. Find other girls," suggested Nicholas Lim.
Image copyright Twitter
Others took umbrage at the wording. "I hope people picked up that the person who set the question needs to go for English grammar classes - there are at least two grammar errors," said Clarence Singam-Zhou.
So when is Cheryl's birthday?
The answer is 16 July, said Sasmo which posted the correct solution.
Image copyright Twitter
Sasmo also dismissed an "alternative solution" which resulted in 17 August.
Their rejection was that "since Bernard did not say that he does not know when Cheryl's birthday is, then how did Albert know that Bernard does not know?"
Problem solved.
Via StockBoardAsset.com,
Back in June, President Trump used Twitter to officially announce America's urban crisis.
He hit the ground running calling out the death and destruction in Chicago.
Trump made it clear that he was “sending in Federal help” to contain the dying city.
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 30, 2017
Since then, Trump's focus has transitioned on to an international stage with North Korea's ‘rocket man' in a war of words battle.
The geopolitical tensions on the Korean Peninsula and elsewhere have distracted this administration from conquering the real out of control war on city streets.
According to The Daily Caller, Baltimore‘s homicide rate is now doubled Chicago's in 2017.
Essentially, residents in Baltimore are twice as likely to be shot than Chicagoans. As the battlefield continues to expand, President Trump has yet to mention the chaos in Baltimore just 38 miles North of the White House.
As The Daily Caller points out, the soaring violence in Baltimore is occurring in a much smaller city of 621,000, when compared to Chicago of 2,700,000.
Chicago has suffered 503 gun homicides so far in 2017. With a population of over 2.7 million, the gun homicide rate is at just over 18 people per 100,000 residents. Baltimore , however, has suffered 275 gun homicides with a population of just over 621,000, putting the homicide rate at more than 44 per 100,000. The city is on track to break its all-time murder record originally set in 1992, when Baltimore had 100,000 more residents.
The author made a very interesting point, both cities are “long-standing Democratic strongholds”. Not surprising, Baltimore hasn't had a republican mayor since 1947 and or voted Republican in a presidential election since 1956. On top of failed liberal policies, de-industrialization has stripped the cities of productivity and forced an alarming inequality gap in education, jobs, health, and wealth of residents.
For example, Baltimore has a population of 621,000 and out of that 63% are African American. In highlights below, 1/3 of the African American population has a net worth of zero, which equates to 130,000 residents. Opportunity for most citizens in the city are limited giving way to violent crime and an explosion in homicides.
Ever since the increased scrutiny of police following the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri has led to an increased crime rate in both Baltimore and Chicago. In particular, Baltimore's police department is under heavy scrutiny for planting drugs at crime scenes.
As the social contract between residents and police crack, this gives way to the ‘Ferguson effect' of increased turmoil in inner cities.
Shown by The Economist, the Ferguson effect demonstrates how homicides in Baltimore have surged…
Perhaps President Trump was on to something in June when he called out Chicago's urban war zone. Unfortunately, geopolitical tensions on the Korean Peninsula is of a much higher priority to this administration, as the real battlefield on America's city streets goes unnoticed.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Nov. 7, 2012, 4:36 PM GMT By Ree Hines and Ree Hines and Ree Hines
Prime-time power comes with perks, according to the star and creator of "The Mindy Project." On Tuesday night's "Conan," Mindy Kaling admitted that she gets a bigger kick out of on-screen kisses now that she's in charge of casting the men she locks lips with.
"On 'The Office,' I had to kiss people and things like that, but on this show, there's like full-on, roll-around make-outs and stuff," Kaling explained. "And so, I get to cast those people."
And sometimes she gets to make those people a little uncomfortable, too.
"When I'm rolling around and making out with someone, in my experience, I don't do that that often where I'm not saying something like, 'I love you,' to them," she said of her real-life experiences. "So it's very hard. I have to not say (that) ... to the actor I'm doing that with, cause it really creeps them out."
But that's not the only thing that creeps out her on-screen partners.
"When you kiss in real life, when you are feeling passionate, you use your tongue," she said. "But on TV, you're not supposed to use your tongue. You fake it."
Sure you're not supposed to, but Kaling admits she sometimes forgets that all-important tongue rule.
"Yeah, and when I do it on the show now, it's like the worse kind of sexual harassment because I'm like the boss," she joked. "And they're scared to complain because I'll fire them."
See Kaling's kisses for yourself on "The Mindy Project," Tuesdays at 9:30 p.m. on Fox.
More in The Clicker:
Now that its file synchronization tool has received a few updates, BitTorrent is going on the offensive against cloud-based storage services by showing off just how fast BitTorrent Sync can be. More specifically, the company conducted a test that shows Sync destroys Google Drive, Microsoft's OneDrive, and Dropbox.
The company transferred a 1.36 GB MP4 video clip between two Apple MacBook Pros using two Apple Thunderbolts to Gigabit Ethernet Adapters, the Time.gov site as a real-time clock, and the Internet connection at its headquarters (1 Gbps up/down). The timer started when the file transfer was initiated and then stopped once the file was fully synced and downloaded onto the receiving machine.
Sync performed 8x faster than Google Drive, 11x faster than OneDrive, and 16x faster than Dropbox:
Sync's time might seem ridiculously low, almost as if the Internet wasn't involved at all. You have to remember, however, that BitTorrent's headquarters has a ridiculous fast connection both downstream and upstream.
BitTorrent ran three tests for each service: In the morning at the start of the workday, in the afternoon, and in the evening when the company's San Francisco office was mostly empty and Internet use was at a minimum. The above times are averages for each of the three times.
Running our own test
The results are impressive, and while we didn't doubt them given how Sync is designed, we figured doing the test ourselves was worth a shot.
BitTorrent made a persuasive argument in its blog post:
It's important here to note that Dropbox, Google Drive and Microsoft OneDrive all rate-limit uploads and do not fully utilize the 1 Gbps bandwidth available (in regards to the office Internet connection, not the LAN switched). We're confident that a slower Internet connection would yield similar results.
Most people don't have access to such speeds. My ISP, for example, claims I have a 35 Mbps up and 3 Mbps down connection, which is certainly slower than the above. I do sometimes get faster speeds than that, especially if I'm transferring over FTP or BitTorrent, but I honestly wasn't expecting anything too crazy in this case.
Nonetheless, I grabbed the first four episodes (1.37 GB) of The Wire, which just so happens to be one of the best TV shows ever made, and downloaded Sync onto my Windows desktop. I then sent the link along to my laptop, grabbed Sync there as well, and hit approve to get things rolling:
The whole process was done in 1 minute and 6 seconds, according to the timer on my Nexus 5. Yet this is for a test performed on the same network. What happens if I want to send the episodes to my friend across town?
The transfer process was much longer. Times were in the double digit minutes, and largely depended on what connections my friends had.
Yet it's worth noting that Google Drive, OneDrive, and Dropbox still performed worse. They were limited by the same download bandwidth, but the upload section of the process was notably much slower (many ISPs worldwide offer much slower upload speeds than download speeds).
The bottom line
The reason Sync is so fast comes down to the fact that it is based on the BitTorrent protocol. This means it is designed to take the shortest and fastest path when getting file pieces from one device to another, and it doesn't have to rely on third-party servers that are typically involved when sending files via cloud services.
That being said, your mileage will definitely vary. You may find that OneDrive is faster than Google Drive, or that Dropbox is king. Sync will definitely be the fastest if you and the receiver are on the same network or physically close (that's exactly why BitTorrent is trying to pitch Sync to businesses, especially if they need to transfer files between different operating systems).
Of course, it's possible that Sync will not be the fastest for you, especially if you and the receiver are close to a Google, Microsoft, or Dropbox data center. Sync should win if it can max out your connection, but if for whatever reason it can't (factors include your ISP, time of day, and overall congestion on the network), the alternatives are certainly good ones.
At the end of the day, Sync may be the fastest in most cases, but speed probably isn't the only feature you want.
A small number of Western journalists and foreign diplomats were allowed to attend and to watch the proceedings over closed-circuit television. One of Mr. Vu's lawyers was ejected from the court after making procedural objections, and his three other lawyers walked out in protest.
Mr. Vu, who holds a law degree from the Sorbonne, is not licensed to practice in Vietnam but runs a law firm in Hanoi with his wife and has spoken out on a variety of sensitive issues.
He was arrested in November and charged with antistate propaganda for posting critical articles on the Web and giving interviews “maligning party and state institutions and policies,” according to the government.
Photo
In calling for a multiparty system he said the Communist Party serves only “the illegal benefits of a small group” and he criticized the jailing of “hundreds of thousands” of former South Vietnamese soldiers and officials after the Communists won the Vietnam War in 1975.
In 2009 he sued Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung for approving a controversial Chinese-run bauxite mining operation in the Central Highlands and last year he sued him again for signing a decree that prohibited class-action lawsuits.
Mr. Vu is the latest of dozens of Vietnamese lawyers and activists arrested over the past five years for challenging the government. He had faced up to 12 years in prison on the charge, which is often used against political dissidents.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The authorities were determined to make an example of him,” said Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch, “and I'm sure they are doing this with one eye to try to tamp down and push back into the corner many of these organizations and activist groups that have come out in support of him.”
Mr. Robertson said he had received reports that a number of people who had gathered around the courthouse had been arrested. He said it appeared that the authorities had tried to call in bloggers for appointments to keep them from reporting on the trial.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He said he had seen nothing to indicate that the government's hard line against dissent was related to the current uprisings in the Middle East.
A clandestine video distributed on the Internet Monday showed police officers in dark green uniforms diverting traffic and blocking the crowd from approaching the courthouse. Much of the crowd was drawn by calls on the Internet that included maps of the streets around the courthouse that went to far as to indicate the location of public toilets. Vigils at Catholic churches were inspired by Mr. Vu's support last year for Catholics embroiled in a land dispute with the authorities.
The vigorous support on the streets and the Internet probably worked against Mr. Vu as the government seeks to demonstrate its control, said Carlyle A. Thayer, a Vietnam specialist at the University of New South Wales. “The question is why they can't do a better job of controlling the Internet,” he said. “The answer is they can't, it's out of control.”
As in other high-profile political trials, the outcome was probably decided ahead of time at a high level, Mr. Thayer said. “The prime minister may be a liberal economic reformer but he's not liberal politically,” he said. “Someone who launched repeated attempts to undermine his decisions is likely to have incurred his wrath.”
According to al-Zaman, writing in Arabic, Nuri al-Maliki's Islamic Mission Party (Da'wa) has rejected an appeal from cleric Abdul Aziz al-Hakim of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq to run as coalition partners in the United Iraqi Alliance in the forthcoming parliamentary election. Da'wa spokesmen say that the party wants to make a broader coalition than in possible with the UIA. (I.e. Da'wa wants Sunni and secular partners, while the UIA is a sectarian, Shiite coalition). Al-Hakim had appealed to al-Maliki for help in rebuilding the United Iraqi Alliance. Al-Hakim's own ISCI did poorly in the province elections of January 2009, after having earlier dominated the Shiite south.
If Da'wa really could put together a cross-sectarian nationalist coalition and win with it, that would change the political dynamics in Iraq quite substantially, and might make the country more stable, setting the stage for a clean US withdrawal.
AP reports that the number of Christians in Iraq has fallen from 1.4 million in 1989 to as few as 400,000 today, largely as a result of the violence that ensued after the 2003 US invasion of that country. Pope Benedict called attention to this problem during his recent trip to the ME. Many have fled to Lebanon and Syria, and apparently few contemplate returning to Iraq. Bishop John Benjamin Sulayman of Baghdad said he worried that Christianity would become extinct in the Middle East, where the over-all proportion of Christians in ther region's population has fallen from 20% to 5% in recent decades. Most Christians leave because of the ease of emigration to the west, because of better economic opportunities there, and/or because of fear of violence and rising Muslim fundamentalist.
Lawrence Wilkerson, aide to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, alleges that the main impetus for torturing prisoners in 2002- early 2003 was not to foil terrorist plots but rather to scare up evidence of a Saddam-al-Qaeda tie. US interrogators never found such a link
Joe Conason has more on torturing to get up a war.
Obama will revive Bush-era military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay.
Jeremy Scahill alleges that an especially brutal US military unit, guilty of prisoner abuse, is still operating at Guantanamo.
End/ (Not Continued)
When Steve Swaney moved to Mount Pleasant with his wife, he realized he needed a change after working in the pharmaceutical industry for more than 20 years.
A graduate of Western Michigan University, Swaney, 46, found what he called a “life change” in Central Michigan University's year-long certification brewing course, part of the Fermentation Science Program.
Two semesters later, three of Swaney's Friday Fermentation group beers won medals in the U.S. Open College Beer Competition.
CMU's Fermentation Science Program placed second and was awarded four medals in the first U.S. Open College Beer Competition on July 11.
The competition was held for universities teaching brewing courses to determine the top future brewers in the nation. The beers were submitted by students' professors prior to the event and were judged early July in Ohio.
CMU is ranked second among top brewing schools in North America.
“It's outstanding that a first-year program came into this championship and took second place. It really shows how strong of a class was put together," Swaney said. “There was a huge eruption on our group Facebook page where everyone was excited about it.”
Swaney's group won three medals: gold for the "Black Stallion," silver for the "Victory IPA" and bronze for the "Caber Tosser Scottish Ale."
There were five categories judged: IPA, Witbier, German Pilsener, Imperial Stout and an "open" category for students to enter any style of beer.
“Students worked so hard the first semester to learn the science behind brewing, and then spend second semester learning the actual brewing process,” said Cordell Demattei, director of fermentation sciences. “They got to see that if they put the work in, something rewarding comes out. It's validation that everything we're doing is working.”
In June, Demattei submitted five beers brewed by students into the open category, and single beers into the IPA, German Pilsner and Imperial Stout categories.
Of the eight beers submitted, four awards were granted, one in each category entered. The Victory IPA beer and the Holzfäller pilsner beer both took silver, the Black Stallion stout took gold and the Caber Tosser Scottish took bronze.
“We have a unique situation where we brew in a commercial environment at Hunter's Ale House, not just a classroom,” DeMattei said. “This allows students to see what it's really like to brew in a brewery and distribute it to actual customers.”
The fermentation program had 13 students, most with backgrounds in science and microbiology.
The one-year certificate program allows students to learn and practice the science behind the beer-brewing process step-by-step until the beer is packaged and ready to be served.
"What surprised me was the science that was involved. There was a lot of biology and chemistry involved," Swaney said. "Being a biochemist, it may have been easier for me, but I was surprised that the class went to such depths with the basic science brewing process.”
The program has a licensing agreement with Hunter's Ale House, which allows students to brew on its system in exchange for owning and selling the products created on the system. The program also works with Mountain Town Brewery Company on their brewing and packaging systems.
“(Hunter's) has high scale equipment for the students, so it worked out really well,” DeMattei said. “We ended up having a great relationship with them, and it's great to have that kind of environment for the students to brew at.”
Cheryl Hunter, owner of Hunter's Ale House, said the beers made by students are more popular than they expected — the brewers can barely keep up with the demand. The beers brewed by students continually sold out through the summer, forcing the brewers to continue making them, Cheryl Hunters, the owner of Hunter's Ale House said.
Top 3 Brewing Schools in North America
1. Niagara College Teaching Brewery – Canada
2. Central Michigan University
3. University of Houston Metals Awarded to CMU: IPA Silver – Victory IPA – Central Michigan University German Pilsner Silver – Holzfäller – Central Michigan University Imperial Stout - Gold – Black Stallion – Central Michigan University Bronze – Caber Tosser Scottish Ale – Central Michigan University
The fermentation science certificate is being offered for its second year this fall and spring.
The course begins with two classes — Science 320: Fundamentals of Fermentation Science and Science 321: Analyses of Fermentation — in the fall. It continues in the spring with Science 322: Applied Fermentation Science and Science 323: Brewery Facilities and Operations.
The course finishes with Science 420: Internship in Fermentation Science, where students are required minimum of 200 hour internship in a brewery or related business.
“By understanding the chemistry, biochemistry, and microbiology involved in the process it allows students design and make great beer and additionally troubleshoot when problems arise,” Demattei said. “Our program offers a balance of lecture, laboratory, and hands on work to give students the knowledge and experience that breweries are looking for when hiring.”
One student from the fermentation program interned for Hunter's Ale House over the summer.
“Hunter's benefits (from the license agreement) because CMU is a teaching school. A lot of the students are in the microbiology field and they're instructing future brewmasters in our personal brewery,” said Hunters, the owner of Hunter's Ale House. “This gives us qualified people to do internships at Hunter's post-certification.”
Digital media entrepreneur Jessica Naziri recently made waves when she shared photos of her technology-themed wedding, complete with bouquets made of USB cables and portable charging packs for guests instead of sugar coated almonds. She wasn't the first bride to garner media attention for eccentric nuptials fueled by mobile apps and gadgets.
Earlier this summer a couple from Wales, Elisa Evans and Martin Shervington, broadcast their wedding in virtual reality. Guests watched through headsets as a community manager from the San Francisco startup AltspaceVR officiated the ceremony. Time reported the couple spent $2,531 a piece on their headsets and computer. New technologies and social networks are completely revamping the wedding industry.
Today, there are dozens of popular apps taking the place of wedding planners, while guests are giving gifts of bitcoin or Airbnb bookings instead of fine china.
Read: Cryptocurrency Shopping Guide: How To Shop With Bitcoin
Sometimes the hype around a nascent brand of wedding tech can be misleading. So far, virtual reality wedding footage isn't a popular ask from millennial couples, according to Brian Johnson, owner of With This Ring wedding films in Nashville. As a matter of fact, AltspaceVR temporarily shut down due to lack of funds. “I think it's new. It's a really cool idea. It will take a while for the rest of the industry to catch up,” Johnson told International Business Times. “We were the first in Nashville to use drones. Within a year or two, everyone is using drones.”
Around a third of Johnson's clients now want drone footage of their weddings. Most prefer the basic drone, a Mavic pro available for an extra $250 per hour, instead of the more advanced Inspire 2 drone that costs $350 per hour. “It opens up all kinds of cinematic possibilities,” Johnson said.
He's seen all kinds of tech-savvy wedding trends, like 3-D printed cake toppers made from actual scans of the bride and groom's bodies. These days, it's commonplace for couples to have their own wedding hashtag, sometimes even live-tweeting or streaming their celebrations on social media. But out of all the ways technology has changed the wedding industry, fintech apps are arguably the most widespread.
Read: Wedding Costs Now Exceed Student Loan Debt: 3 Ways To Keep Your Spending In Check
Like a growing number of wedding vendors, Johnson's company accepts payments via PayPal and Venmo too. These days, payment apps are completely changing American nuptial traditions. One of the most popular wedding trends is called cash funds, online platforms where guests can give money instead of gifts.
Photo: Zola
According to brand director Jennifer Spector at Zola, a wedding registry platform used by more than 300,000 couples, two thirds of these couples registered for at least one cash fund in addition to gifts. Giving money to the bride and groom is not a new concept in itself. In many Asian and Middle Eastern cultures, guests traditionally give cash instead of toasters and cake platters. However, in the United States, previous generations saw money as an impersonal gift. Giving money to a bride was a social faux pas nearly as offensive as wearing a white dress to her wedding. Now that it's more common for couples to live together before marriage, tech-savvy wedding registries are less focused on furnishing a new household.
“The norms around weddings and gift giving are changing as marriage changes,” Spector told IBT. “One of the most popular categories is honeymoon funds.” On both Zola and the similar PayPal-powered platform Honeyfund, the average cash gift is $100 to $115 per guest. Money is often given for a specific experience, like a romantic dinner or a massage during the honeymoon. Zola registries are directly linked to Airbnb too. Cryptocurrency is a new addition to the wedding gift repertoire. Zola users have created two bitcoin cash funds so far.
Photo: Peter Van Beever
Although it's less common, some guests also help pay for vendors or preparation before the ceremony. Spector and her husband registered for boxing classes leading up to the big day. “It helped us get rid of wedding jitters and get in shape for the wedding,” she said. Honeyfund co-founder Sara Margulis also registered for a cash fund, for daytime activities during her honeymoon in Fiji. “I still remember who gave me that [sailing] and I think of all the guests who contributed to our trip. It definitely connected us to those memories and those guests for life,” Margulis told IBT.
More than 742,123 couples have registered cash funds with Honeyfund so far, each raising an average of $1,500 to $2,000. In total, wedding guests have given around $483,354,000 through Honeyfund since the company launched in 2011, plus several dozen bitcoin cash funds. “It [bitcoin] is the modern day version of buying a couple a savings bond,” Margulis said. “Now that the wedding market itself is made up of a majority of millennials, we're really seeing a lot more fun and different solutions to wedding gifts. More experiences instead of things. Everybody uses tech.”
By By Anne Sewell Jun 11, 2012 in Odd News Every year the small Spanish town of Castrillo de Murcia holds the El Colacho festival, where a man dressed as the devil jumps over babies to cleanse them from evil spirits. This year the event was held on June 10, with over 200 locals participating in the festival in the small medieval town of Castrillo de Murcia near Burgos, northern Spain. The festival dates back to 1621. The idea of the event is to recall the eternal fight between good and evil, and locals believe that this event puts the babies on a path to a good life and opens the entrance of heaven for them. They further believe that sin is driven from the whole town in the process. The start of the festival sees a man, dressed in a yellow costume meant to symbolize the devil, walking and running through the streets, swatting the behinds of the people of the town, with much hilarity. El Colacho - baby jumping festival in Castrillo de Murcia, Spain Video screen capture The mayor of the town, Marianela Manrique says, "We are proud to have managed to maintain this holiday tradition over the centuries.” There have been no reports of injuries to the babies over the centuries, but the festival is still considered to be one of the most dangerous in the world. Apparently last year, Pope Benedict XVI directed Spanish priests to distance themselves from this event. The video below shows more of the fun procession through the streets, but unfortunately omits the final baby-jumping event. Spain has many unusual festivals throughout the year, but this is possibly one of the strangest.This year the event was held on June 10, with over 200 locals participating in the festival in the small medieval town of Castrillo de Murcia near Burgos, northern Spain. The festival dates back to 1621.The idea of the event is to recall the eternal fight between good and evil, and locals believe that this event puts the babies on a path to a good life and opens the entrance of heaven for them. They further believe that sin is driven from the whole town in the process.The start of the festival sees a man, dressed in a yellow costume meant to symbolize the devil, walking and running through the streets, swatting the behinds of the people of the town, with much hilarity. Then parents place their one-year-old babies on a mattress in the central square of the small village. El Colacho then takes a running start and jumps over the babies. While this is going on, a grim man dressed in black marches around beating a drum.The mayor of the town, Marianela Manrique says, "We are proud to have managed to maintain this holiday tradition over the centuries.” El Colacho , or the baby-jumping ceremony, is the culmination of a four-day celebration following the feast of Corpus Christi, which is a Christian holiday.There have been no reports of injuries to the babies over the centuries, but the festival is still considered to be one of the most dangerous in the world. Apparently last year, Pope Benedict XVI directed Spanish priests to distance themselves from this event.The video below shows more of the fun procession through the streets, but unfortunately omits the final baby-jumping event. More about el colacho, baby jumping festival, castrillo de murcia, Spain More news from el colacho baby jumping festiva... castrillo de murcia Spain
As Congress and the White House work on a tax bill that will reduce revenues going to states, they are simultaneously impeding the growth of an industry that is set to add billions to state tax revenues: legal cannabis.
Under the guise of protecting public health and safety, federal policy is jeopardizing this sector despite its widespread popularity. Nowhere is this clearer than in federal banking policy, which deters federally chartered banks from working with cannabis companies.
ADVERTISEMENT
Twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia have legalized cannabis for medical purposes, and eight states have done so for recreational use. More than 200 million Americans — more than 60 percent of the U.S. population — may now use marijuana medicinally or recreationally under state laws. With over 32 million yearly users and close to 9 million daily users, cannabis generates more than $6 billion in U.S. sales and is poised to become a $20 billion market by 2021, according to a recent Cowen and Company report.
Yet federal banking policy does not exempt banks from cannabis's designation as a Schedule I illegal drug under the federal Controlled Substances Act. That means almost all of that $6 billion is transacted in cold, hard cash because the largest banks and credit and debit card networks refuse to work with cannabis businesses.
This stance undermines state regulations and threatens not just billions in state tax revenues but consumer safety and law enforcement efforts. Simply put, cannabis markets must be safe, transparent and efficient to operate successfully. But all-cash businesses jeopardize each of those goals.
Tax reform should bring legal marijuana businesses into the tax code. https://t.co/nR1YQkEYKD via @PeterRoff for @usnewsopinion — U.S. News (@usnews) November 16, 2017
First, an all-cash segment makes the market less safe. Safety is a real issue given the amount of money moving through these retail locations, which reaches upwards of $2 million monthly in some stores. Cash creates temptation for employee theft, robberies or unauthorized discounts, compelling stores to invest in even greater security, which states already require at great expense.
Further, without access to even basic business checking accounts, cannabis retailers are forced to find secure facilities for proceeds and secure transport for the money. At tax time, some dispensaries actually drive cash to tax agencies — in certain cases as far as 300 miles away — to make payments. It is no surprise that the California State Treasurer's Office recently concluded that the state should sponsor armored car services to pick up tax revenue from dispensaries.
Second, a cash-only environment leads to less transparency for states and the federal government. States impose extensive reporting requirements on dispensaries, yet a cash economy makes monitoring transactional activity more difficult. Cash is anonymous. With electronic payments, each transaction can be uniquely identified down to the sales associate, time of sale, products sold, amount received, and identity of the purchaser. When cash is king, fewer data is reported, including for federal anti-terrorism and diversion efforts.
California expects so much hard cash from marijuana taxes that it wants to send armored cars to pick it up. https://t.co/KK3tYFvj2b — AP West Region (@APWestRegion) November 7, 2017
Third, cash-only hurts purchaser convenience and store efficiencies, potentially slowing growth. Whether you want to look at this from the private-sector side (many market participants are small businesses bringing investments and jobs to communities of every demographic) or the public-sector side (the substantial tax revenues these businesses bring resulting in either greater services or lower overall tax burdens for the average person), these inefficiencies have substantial, adverse effects.
To be sure, tech companies are stepping in to help growers, distributors and retailers meet these challenges, but all-cash transactions make the work of dispensaries — and the government — much harder.
Although the latest Gallup poll suggests 64 percent of Americans — and majorities in both major political parties — now support legalization, no one believes Congress and the Trump administration will legalize cannabis any time soon.
But the federal government could at least relax restrictions to enable federally chartered financial institutions and credit and debit card issuers to begin working with companies that comply with state laws. This would spur the industry to become cashless, a development that would greatly assist regulators.
There is overwhelming evidence that electronic transactions are more secure, faster and more transparent than dealing only in cash. Yet this highly regulated industry is more difficult to monitor precisely because it is all cash. And oversight will only become more difficult with continued rapid growth and as more states legalize cannabis.
The federal government's aversion to cannabis threatens public safety and endangers the rigorous rules that states have already imposed on businesses. If cannabis can become a cashless market, consumers, patients, businesses, and regulators will all benefit.
Charlie Wilson is the chief revenue officer of Green Bits, an industry-leading retail and automatic compliance management platform for legal cannabis. Follow him on Twitter at @hooscharlie
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
On October 11, Deia Schlosberg, the producer of my new film, How to Let Go of the World and Love All the Things Climate Can't Change, was arrested in Walhalla, North Dakota, while reporting on a climate-change protest. She was held for 48 hours before being allowed to speak to a lawyer. The authorities confiscated her footage. She is now charged with three counts of felony conspiracy and faces a possible sentence of up to 45 years. Ad Policy
For being a journalist.
Deia isn't alone. The arrest of journalists, filmmakers, and others witnessing and reporting on citizen protests against fossil-fuel infrastructure amid climate change is part of a worrisome and growing pattern. Last month in North Dakota, a warrant was issued to arrest Amy Goodman, award-winning host of Democracy Now!, after she covered Native American–led protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline. Her footage of security guards attacking peaceful protesters with bloody-snouted dogs was viewed over 14 million times. She elected to go back to North Dakota this week to face the charges. Actor Shailene Woodley was arrested and jailed this week while leaving a protest at a construction site for the Dakota Access Pipeline. She was singled out, the police told her, because she was well-known and had 40,000 people watching live on her Facebook page. Other filmmakers shooting protest actions along the pipeline have also been arrested.
All this should send chills down the spine of every documentary filmmaker and journalist. The First Amendment and the Constitution are at stake in this case. If we lose it, we lose America too.
Although the national media paid little attention to the climate-change protest that Deia and others attempted to report on, it was remarkable. A small group of activists in four states shut down all the pipelines carrying tar-sands oil from Alberta, Canada, into the United States. The protest responded to a call from the Standing Rock Sioux for international prayer and action on the growing climate emergency. Activists shut off emergency valves along the pipeline, their message being, “We are in a climate emergency now.”
If it were up to the mainstream media we wouldn't know about this. I know, because I broke the story of fracking. It had been a crisis for years, but the media were ignoring it, which is why I decided to make my film Gasland. Related Article Amy Goodman Is Facing Jail Time for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All. Lizzy Ratner
As a relative newcomer to documentary filmmaking I am in awe of the bravery of documentarians. Doc filmmakers often break important stories and risk their lives and safety doing it. Laura Poitras's reporting on Edward Snowden in Citizen Four, ‎Joshua Oppenheimer's The Act of Killing, Sebastian Junger and Tim Hetherington's Restrepo, Alexandria Bombach's Frame by Frame are just a few examples.
Deia's brave reporting on oil contamination in the Amazon and on fracking and tar sands falls in that category. But how she and others reporting on these issues have been treated by the media and law enforcement shows that the oil-and-gas industry is contaminating them, too. Our government has also been fracked, and is serving fossil-fuel interests. Asked about the pipeline protests this week, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest sounded an ominous warning: “I can tell you that both the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Transportation are investigating these reports and trying to get to the bottom of what exactly happened and what potential steps could be taken to ensure the safety and security of our energy infrastructure.”
I've got some news for Barack Obama and his administration. It's our current energy infrastructure and the fossil-fuel interests that profit from it that are threatening the safety and security of our country. They are the ones continuing to develop new sources of tar sands oil, one the most greenhouse gas–intensive fossil fuels, in the middle of a climate crisis. The implications are dizzying. If we continue to allow the fossil-fuel industry to ship millions of gallon of tar sands oil across our border, we will rocket past any safe level of global warming. We will plunge our major cities underwater. The American Petroleum Institute is calling activists trying to prevent this “extremists.” But the extremists, as Bill McKibben likes to say, work at the oil companies. Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
Documentary journalism can show the activists ‎as what they really are: sympathetic human beings who are doing something necessary and vital, real people who are sacrificing real freedom to stop the oil-industry extremists before it is too late. In fact, doc filmmaking may be the only thing that can do that. That is why I've written a letter calling on members of the media, Governor of North Dakota Jack Dalrymple, United States Attorney for the District of North Dakota Chris Myers, and President Obama to stand up for press freedom and independent journalism on climate change, and call for all charges to be dropped against Deia. This is not only about reporting on the climate-change movement. Journalists have also been arrested reporting on Black Lives Matter, the movement for Native rights, and many other important movements the corporate media fails to cover. The First Amendment and the Constitution are at stake in this case. If we lose it, we lose America too.
You can sign on to our letter of support for Deia at our Web site: www.howtoletgomovie.com
Listen to Deia Schlosberg discuss her arrest on the Start Making Sense podcast.
Despite the fact that The Hunger Games is a mega-hit with more than $363 million earned so far, the director, Gary Ross, still hasn't signed on to direct the sequel, Catching Fire. The stars of the film, Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, and Liam Hemsworth had all signed on for the entire franchise, yet Ross hasn't.
Even though he is a seasoned filmmaker with several high grossing film under his belt, such as Pleasantville and Seabiscuit, he ended up taking a relatively low payment to write and direct the film along side Billy Ray and author Suzanne Collins. (hey I wish I got paid 3 million to do anything these days)
Rumors are swirling that Ross wants a sizable raise to do the second film, and negotiations have been going on since three weeks before the film's March 23 opening. Yet, there is still no confirmation that he will sign on to continue the franchise.
Lionsgate has already received the script from Simon Beaufoy, but Ross hasn't revised it. And the studio is definitely in a rush to get the film movie considering they already booked a release date for November 2013.
It is not odd for the studio to not invite a director back though. The massively popular Harry Potter film changed directors after the first two films. This also happened with the world-wide phenomenon of The Twilight Saga when they did not hire the same director after the first film was released even though it was very successful.
People can argue that The Hunger Games is better received than its predecessor, The Twilight Saga, with an A CinemaScore and an 85 percent “fresh” rating on Rotten Tomatoes in addition to huge worldwide box office. The film also appeals to wide audience than Twilight. Ross could bet that the movie will play better and stronger in theaters and that he is a director that many studios would love to have.
Ross has said in the past that he does wish to work on the rest of the franchise because he loves the story and the actors involved. Whether it is greed on his part or the studio's, we won't know the fate until someone is officially signed on to direct.
Share this: Twitter
Tumblr
Facebook
Reddit
Google
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
About
Official Site | Facebook | Twitter | Google+ | YouTube | Thunderclap
Join us in making a Thunderclap of noise for Kaiju-A-GoGo and help spread the word!
They called you MAD in university! They stole your LUNCH MONEY in grade school! It's time to build your SECRET LABORATORY and PLOT REVENGE!
Nothing less than COMPLETE WORLD DOMINATION will satisfy you now. Your magnificent monster is READY TO RUMBLE! It's time to make the world DANCE TO YOUR TUNE!
Choose your giant monster! Destroy cities around the world! Rule the Earth in this light action-strategy PC/Mac/Linux/Mobile videogame!
"Have you ever wondered what it would be like if someone made a game where your only concern was to wreak havoc on a nice and peaceful city with a massive Kaiju? Have you ever wished that you could do that instead of it being done to you while playing SimCity?" ~Softpedia
"I can't wait to start smashing down cities while upgrading my monster's abilities. I do wonder what the puny humans will be able to do against our kaiju might." ~Gaming on Linux
"If you build it, they will come...to bow down to you because they're terrified of being murdered by your monster." ~Cliqist
"I broadly support the ideas of this game." ~Rock, Paper, Shotgun
"Sounds like a fun idea to me." ~Kotaku
"Support Kaiju-a-Gogo if you like strategy games, giant monster movies, Canadian video game companies, or just want to try something different." ~Gaming Enthusiast
Kaiju-a-gogo is a strategy-action, PC/mobile video-game featuring GIANT MONSTERS. The player takes on the role of a fledgling Mad Scientist who has built the first human-controlled Kaiju in the world. While your rivals race to catch up with your genius and build their own Kaiju to compete with you, you have a five-year-window to use your Kaiju to achieve TOTAL WORLD DOMINATION.
Start the game by choosing one of three monsters and its associated Mad Scientist character. You will then begin play at your Secret Lair, an uncharted island, and launch your first attacks upon the unsuspecting world. As you crush city after city with your magnificent creation, the resistance of the people in that region will weaken, until eventually they bow to the inevitable and admit that you're in charge. When you have conquered all of the regions on the globe, you win! You are the world's Supreme Dictator and Number One Monkey. Simple as that.
Gameplay consists of glorious city-stomping fun, with points and resources gained by smashing every structure still standing and crushing all the armies, navies, police and giant robots that try to stop you. In between attacks, your Kaiju will return to your Secret Lair, and you will allow the monster to rest while you heal and train it with new Abilities.
As your Kaiju grows in size and power, its new Abilities will make it better, stronger, faster and more terrifying than ever before. Each Kaiju in the game will have dozens of possible Abilities, with players able to explore a different set of abilities in each game.
During the brief windows of rest and reflection between one city attack and the next, players will also have the chance to build up their Base, and construct facilities that will speed their victory over the planet.You might also want to build some defenses, however, in case the Kaiju Defense Forces figure out where you are, and come gunning for you!
Conquer the world with your very own 100-foot monster at your command!
Choose one of 3 monster types to grow and teach, each with over 90 unique powers and attacks!
Crush crumble and stomp over 50 real world cities!
Battle over 30 different enemies in awesome real time battles across the globe!
Build up your very own Secret Lair with dozens of deadly devices and devious defenses!
Available on PC, Mac, Linux, iOS and Android platforms!
Share your own content with built-in Steam Workshop compatibility!
Cast Your Vote - Supporters at all Backer levels will be able to cast a vote at the end of the successful campaign to add an extra city for players to destroy.
Early Bird Price - The first 500 Supporters will be able to get a copy of the game on release for a reduced price. Thank you for your support!
Game Credits - All Backers at this level and above will be listed in the game's credits.
Digital Bundle - The digital bundle will include a selection of wallpapers and print-ready files of the Kaiju-a-Gogo T-Shirt and our Limited Edition Lithographs. Just the thing for International Supporters who want to avoid shipping charges!
Kickstarter Skins DLC - A special DLC of unique Gold Monster Skins specifically for Kickstarter supporters, in addition to all previous rewards!
Kerberos Indie Bundle - Download codes for all self-published Kerberos titles. Includes Sword of the Stars: The Pit and all its DLC (Mind Games, Gold Edition, and Pilgrim expansions) and Ground Pounders in addition to all previous rewards.
ADD A BUILDING TO THE GAME! - You can add a favorite structural landmark or building to one of the cities in the game! Want to add your favorite tourist trap, restaurant, or school or courthouse? Artist Chris Gerspacher will create it for you, so that it can be CRUSHED AND DESTROYED by Kaiju! This Reward includes all digital rewards of the campaign.
Kaiju-a-Gogo Mousepad - Receive all previous rewards, plus a full color Kaiju a Gogo special edition mousepad, printed shipped to your door. Roll your mouse in comfort and style!
Kaiju-A-Gogo T-shirt Design by Megan Merz!
Kaiju-a-Gogo Tshirt - All previous rewards, plus a cool Kaiju-a-Gogo Campaign T-shirt, designed by artist Megan Merz! Our team loved her Urban Renewal tshirt for Reagency Design so much that we just had to have our own version, using the Kaiju from our game. She did a fantastic job!
ALL THE GOODIES PACK! All previous digital rewards, plus the special edition mousepad, t-shirt, and three fun Limited Edition lithographs featuring the game's majestic monsters.
PICK A CITY TO BE DESTROYED! Target any city on Earth for destruction! We will add the city of your choice and include two important tourist landmarks to be demolished by players and their giant monsters! Show your civic pride by putting your home town on the map. You will also receive all previous Rewards.
KAIJU-LELE! Supporters at this level will receive the All the Goodies Bundle plus a beautiful, premium custom-built ukulele made by Kraken Maiden, the company of premium luthier Karina Melendez! Your hand-made musical instrument will then be hand-decorated with the KAIJU THEME OF YOUR CHOICE. Choose one of the monsters from this game, or select any other Kaiju or Behemoth that you love!
TRUE BELIEVER! Supporters at this level will receive the PICK A CITY Reward, an extra Kaiju-a-Gogo T-shirt, and a special VIP card, personalized with your name. Holders of the Kerberos VIP card will be granted insider-only access to all games in development, download codes for all Kerberos games on release, and free entry to any Kerberos public event, including those that would normally be Press Only. They will also have the right to cast a vote when choosing the company's next project.
DESIGN YOUR OWN MONSTER AND MAD SCIENTIST! - Working with veteran artist John Yakimow, you can contribute YOUR OWN KAIJU (and its Mad Scientist owner) to the game! Future players will be able to choose your Monster and the Mad Scientist you've designed in their own mad quests for world domination. This reward includes all physical backer rewards for the campaign. - SOLD!
"Sounds great, but who are you guys?"
We're Kerberos Productions, a small game development studio in Vancouver, BC. We were founded in 2004, and spent our first eight years as a third-party studio working in collaboration with small publishers, until we finally realized our dream of full independence in 2012.
We've successfully developed and self-published two computer games since then with the help of crowdfunding support. The first game, Sword of the Stars: The Pit, has become a cult hit and recently released its third expansion DLC. Our second, Sword of the Stars: Ground Pounders, is now in Late Beta and on the verge of gold release soon.
Now, we'd like to do something completely new and different! Our team has always loved giant monster movies, and we want to share that love with a fun, light-hearted and smart little game that can appeal to players of all ages.
The Kaiju-a-Gogo team consists of seven professional game devs, who between them have over 80 years of cumulative experience in the gaming industry and have contributed to over a dozen shipped titles, most recently Sword of the Stars: The Pit and Ground Pounders.
Chris “Degrassi” Gerspacher is the Lead Artist of Kaiju-a-Gogo and one of the founding partners of Kerberos Productions. He has worked in the gaming industry since 2001, and since the founding of the studio he has served as the Art Director and contributed 2D and 3D art assets for all Kerberos titles, in particular the original Sword of the Stars and Sword of the Stars 2, and Sword of the Stars: The Pit.
Ken Lee has been working in the gaming industry since 1999 and has been a 2D artist for Kerberos Productions since the founding of the studio in 2004. In addition to his work on Kaiju-a-Gogo, he has contributed the majority of 2D art assets for all Kerberos titles since the founding of the studio, including the original Sword of the Stars and all expansions, Fort Zombie, and Sword of the Stars 2: Lords of Winter, Sword of the Stars: The Pit and Ground Pounders.
John Yakimow has been working in the gaming industry since 2005 and joined Kerberos Productions as an artist in 2007. In addition to his work on Kaiju-a-Gogo, he has contributed 2D concept art and 3D assets to the Sword of the Stars series since Born of Blood and later expansions, Sword of the Stars 2: Lords of Winter, and Fort Zombie, and Sword of the Stars: The Pit.
James Goldthorpe is a code wizard who helped give birth to the Sword of the Stars II: End of Flesh expansion and Sword of the Stars: Ground Pounders. In his spare time, James enjoys lifting heavy iron things and placing them back down.
Martin E. Cirulis is the Lead Designer of Kaiju-a-Gogo and the CEO of Kerberos Productions. His career in the computer gaming industry spans twenty years, beginning as a professional reviewer for Computer Gaming World magazine in 1994. He worked as Narrative Designer on Homeworld and Ground Control and has since served as Lead Designer on several shipped titles, including Homeworld: Cataclysm, Treasure Planet: Battle at Procyon, the original Sword of the Stars and all of its expansions, Fort Zombie, and Sword of the Stars 2: Lords of Winter, Sword of the Stars: The Pit, and Ground Pounders.
Rowen Epp is the Associate Designer for Kaiju-a-Gogo. He joined the Kerberos team in early 2014 to work on Sword of the Stars: Ground Pounders, which is currently nearing release, and is already hard at work on Kaiju-a-Gogo as well.
Chris Stewart is the Executive Producer of Kaiju-a-Gogo and the COO of Kerberos Productions. He has been working actively in the computer gaming industry since 1997 and served as a Designer on Homeworld: Cataclysm, Treasure Planet: Battle at Procyon and Bully before becoming a founding partner of Kerberos Productions. He has been the Producer of all Kerberos games since the founding of the studio in 2004.
We like the platform! And although we have successfully used other crowd-funding platforms to develop our first two games, this site does offer some features that other sites do not. The powerful contact and update suite makes it much easier to stay in touch with your Supporters and streamlines contact, follow-up and fulfillment of Backer Rewards, which we think is really important.
Do we have Stretch Goals for this campaign? Yes we do! In addition to our goal of a multi-platform release, we have plans for additional content and features that we would like to offer our players. We have announced a couple of goals already and we'll talk about all our goals more as the get closer to the full funding goal. Please wish us luck!
Click Announced Goals For More Info!
News from the new poster.
For some reason Wyvern is the SCR instead of Belial.
Red Wyvern
Fire Dragon / Synchro / Effect
LV6 2400/2000
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters
(1) During either player's turn, if there are monsters on the field whose ATK is higher than this card's ATK: You can activate this effect; destroy the monster with the highest ATK on the field (your choice, if tied). You can only use this effect once while this Synchro Summoned card is face-up on the field.
Scar-Red Cocoon
Trap Normal
(1) Target 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster you control; equip this card to that target you control. (2) If the monster equipped by this effect battles an opponent's monster, negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls until the end of the Damage Step. (3) During the End Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and was sent there during this turn: You can target 1 “Red Dragon Archfiend” in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Before “The Dark Knight Rises” was released, I took the time to revisit director Christopher Nolan's first stab at the Batman. I remember seeing “Batman Begins” at Grauman's Chinese Theater when it first came out and thought it was very good, but I don't remember thinking it was a masterpiece the way I thought “The Dark Knight” was. But now having watched it again, I have a better appreciation of “Batman Begins” and agree it has earned its place among the best comic book movies ever made.
The real difference here is, unlike the Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher “Batman” movies, Bruce Wayne and his alter ego are not upstaged by the villains. In fact, Bruce Wayne is a much bigger character this time around and also far more complex. This is a credit to both the screenwriters (Nolan co-wrote the screenplay with David S. Goyer) and actor Christian Bale who more than makes this iconic role his own.
We first see Bruce as an 8-year-old (played by Gus Lewis) running around his parents' garden when he accidentally falls down into a well. It is there he is met by dozens of angry bats, giving him a serious phobia of the creatures. From there, the movie establishes its main theme of fear and how Bruce works to overcome it as well the fears he has about himself.
Now a lot of times when we get a backstory to a character, it ends up taking away their mystery by telling us more than we need to know. Burton's “Batman” and “Batman Returns” never fully explored how Bruce became this crime fighter, and this proved to be a positive and a negative. While it made Michael Keaton's portrayal more intriguing, it also made his Bruce Wayne/Batman a lot less complex. But a good portion of “Batman Begins” is dedicated to discovering how Bruce developed his fighting skills, and we get to see different sides of him throughout.
Tortured by the memory of his parents being shot to death in front of him, Bruce yearns for justice. His journey for it takes him from the criminal underworld in South Asia to the temple of the League of Shadows led by Ra's al Ghul (Ken Watanabe). With the help of Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson), Bruce is trained as a ninja and vows to fight the crime and corruption which is engulfing his hometown of Gotham.
When it comes to origin stories, I get seriously impatient with them as they take too much time to set up a character, and they can simply feel like a commercial for the sequel we know will eventually follow. I have had that issue with many comic book movies like “Blade” to where I feel the movie is nothing more than a setup for a potential franchise. But I never felt this way with “Batman Begins” and was utterly enthralled by Bruce Wayne's transformation from a man obsessed with vengeance to one determined to not become as bad as the criminals threatening Gotham. Seeing Bruce become this instrument of justice makes him a compelling character you want to keep on watching.
In the past, the “Batman” movies have been dominated by their villains. In “Batman Begins,” the villains come in different shapes and sizes. There's mob boss Carmine Falcone (Tom Wilkinson), corrupt police detective Arnold Flass (Mark Boone Junior), the greedy CEO William Earle (Rutger Hauer), and the twisted psychopharmacologist Dr. Jonathan Crane (Cillian Murphy) who becomes better known by his alter ego of The Scarecrow. Of all these villains, The Scarecrow proves to be Batman's most vicious threat here as his fear-inducing toxins devour the human mind into an almost permanent state of psychosis. Murphy, best known for his performance in “28 Days Later,” casts a spell on the viewer as he lets you look deep into his bright blue eyes to where you wonder how nasty the monster inside of him truly is.
Actually, the great thing about “Batman Begins” is how the good guys prove to be far more interesting than the villains. Until this movie came along, who would have ever thought this would be the case in a “Batman” movie?
Bale came to own the role of Bruce Wayne/Batman in a way only Keaton did before him. After Keaton left the franchise, the role basically became interchangeable to where it didn't matter who played him. But Bale is lucky as he gets to play all the different parts of Bruce here; the vengeful son, the arrogant playboy, and the injustice-fighting warrior who likes to dress as a bat. Bale brilliantly captures each facet of Bruce to where you wish the character was this charismatic in the previous films.
Then there's Gary Oldman, an actor who has given us some of the most intense and scariest villains in cinematic history, playing the role of Sgt. James Gordon. It would seem almost unthinkable for Oldman to play a good cop, but then again this may show how our respect for him as an actor may not have been as high as we thought. Some of the best actors can go from playing good guys/gals to bad ones with relative ease, and Oldman proves here he can do just this by making Gordon genuine in his intentions and a real cool dude overall.
As Henri Ducard, Neeson does kind of a variation of his Jedi master role from “Star Wars: The Phantom Menace,” and I think we all came out of “Batman Begins” wishing that Qui-Gon Jinn was as cool as Ducard. A man with fighting skills and the confidence to match them, Neeson is perfect in the role as his character trains Bruce without restraint and who ends up going in a different direction than we expect him to.
Katie Holmes plays Rachel Dawes, a character not in the original comic book series. When “Batman Begins” was first released, Holmes was in the midst of her whirlwind romance with Tom Cruise, and the way their relationship was perceived ending up spilling over to how people saw her in this movie. The general feeling at the time was that Holmes was miscast in the role, and many thought she was too young to be playing an assistant district attorney. Looking back though, Holmes was much better than we gave her credit for at the time. Either that, or her brilliantly staged divorce from Cruise gave me a new respect for her I didn't have previously. Whatever the case, she gives her character a strong intelligence and a beautiful empathy that shines in various scenes, and that's especially the case in her last scene with Bale.
As for Sir Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman, they are two veteran character actors you can never go wrong with. Caine gives Alfred a tremendous humanity in overseeing not just Bruce but the legacy his parents left behind. And Freeman makes Lucius a really fun character to be around as well as one who deserves the upper hand he eventually gets. Other great performances come from Tom Wilkinson, Linus Roache, and Rutger Hauer.
Watching “Batman Begins” again, I am amazed with what Nolan got away with. Each “Batman” movie he has done has him dealing with a large number of characters to where he should have too many to deal with. But here, each character plays a big part in the overall story, and none of them feel extraneous to it. There was a lot of thought put into this reimagining of the caped crusader, and it paid off big time.
Nolan's other masterstroke in making “Batman Begins” stand out from its predecessors was in giving it a contemporary realism and humanity. Gone were the gothic qualities of Burton's movies and the overly campy qualities which waylaid the Schumacher films, and in their place we got a Bruce Wayne we could actually relate to. No longer was this a character we watched from a distance, but one we could get up close and personal with. Bruce, after all, is not an alien from another planet, but a flesh and blood human being with a lot of wealth and emotional problems he needs to overcome. He was never designed to be your average superhero.
“Batman Begins,” when looked at on closer inspection, gave this DC Comics character the respect which eluded him on a cinematic level for far too long. Sure, the Burton movies were great in bringing the character back to the darker realm he originally inhabited, but Nolan was the first director to devote more attention to him as a character over the villains surrounding him. His achievement here has made him one of the best filmmakers working today, and this movie marked the start of one of the greatest movie trilogies ever.
Bring on the Bat!
* * * * out of * * * *
Advertisements
ExtraTorrent, the world's second largest torrent index, has permanently shut its doors today. The site, which launched in 2006, had steadily climbed the ranks in the torrenting world to become the third and second most popular torrent sites in the last two years, respectively, with millions of daily views and a particularly active community.
Those users logging in to ExtraTorrent today, however, will be met with a short message indicating that the website has been shut down, this time for good. While it's not entirely unusual for torrent websites to suffer from extended downtime and regular domain changes, the message found on the website today seems to indicate that the site may never return, following in the footsteps of Kat Torrents, which was - at the time of its closure - the largest site of its kind.
Users hoping for another mirror or a Pirate Bay-esque resurrection may also be disappointed as the owners of the site are also intent on permanently deleting all the data on their servers.
Torrent watcher TorrentFreak has reached out to the owner of the site, SaM, who has also confirmed the development.
How much of this is a result of legal pressure from governments and big-name studios - which claim to have lost billions in revenue over the years - remains to be seen, though it wouldn't be surprising if mounting legal pressure, which had already forced the site to make domain changes, was the ultimate cause.
Source: TorrentFreak
It's Sunday. I'm hot, a little sweaty, and my mind is weary from standing under the draining Texas sun all morning. It's 2:30pm and I just returned from lunch after church. I'm ready for a long nap. Moments later my friend Kennedy calls and tells me he found the first issue of Wolverine on Craigslist. Said it was an hour away but wanted to see if I'd come with. I'm still tired, and my head's starting to hurt from the lack of water, but I say yes without hesitation. Why? Because I'm a comic book nerd – and sleep is secondary to a good find.
Kennedy and I have been best friends several years now. In truth I have three “best friends.” I know it sounds like something from Diary of a Wimpy Kid, but this is an article about lifelong comic book fans, so what'd you expect? But like I said, Kennedy is in the big three – the other two besties being Drew and Eric. But Kennedy, he's who I go comic-booking with. Comic-booking is like the History show American Pickers, except we don't do this for a living and aren't always calling a pretty, tatt-ed up lady back at our store. Though, admittedly that would be pretty cool. But no, Kennedy and I love reading a good comic, and almost as much as we enjoy reading them, we enjoy finding them.
He's more of a Marvel man, and I've been a DC fanboy since I can remember. We made the hour drive to meet the seller waiting for us at a Home Depot parking lot in McKinney, Texas. The transaction went about as well as any Craigslist one does – my friend gave him money and the man gave him the comic book, with little to no words involved. I stayed in the car. He returned after a minute and plopped the comic in my lap. With steady hands reminiscent of Indiana Jones during the idol to bag switch scene in Raiders, I opened the comic book and my eyes saw that famous first line from the 1982 appearance, “I'm the best there is at what I do. But what I do isn't very nice.”
A few days later at work Kennedy came up to me and said there's a man in our town who's wanting to get rid of his massive comic book collection. That's something I couldn't pass up. So he called him and set up a date for the following weekend to see what he had.
I woke up that Saturday and headed over to Kennedy's place. We got in the car and drove the maybe two blocks drive to this man's house (don't know why we didn't walk except the fact it's summer in Texas).
He came out of the garage in bare feet, dressed in baggy jeans that were frayed at the bottom from being worn too low. He was sleepy; later he would tell us why. As a side job, he teaches conversational English to Chinese students from 11pm-1am. But, over his beer belly he wore a white shirt with the print of the silver age Joker – which told us he more than likely knew a thing or two about comic books. He was cool; his voice and demeanor were plucked from woodstock – “woahs” and “cools” and “far outs” seasoned his speech. He took us to where he kept his collection behind a door in his garage that led to his laundry room. It smelled terrible; there was a cat litter box filled with more clumps than litter, and the light you could tell was on its last legs. But there were comics, lots and lots of comics. And he kept them in pristine condition. “Twenty-five cents per issue and $5 for each graphic novel,” he reminded us before ducking away into the main house.
On top of his washer and dryer he had around seven white boxes lined up awaiting our hands to flip through, mostly in alphabetical order. And behind that he had two large shelves filled with his graphic novel collection.
My brother was pretty excited to see this. The artwork from cover to cover pops off the page in over-the-top action sequences and gushes of crimson pouring form victims and flowing through Spawn's cape.
We went to digging. There were some definite gems hidden between the vampire and old Barbarellaesque Sci-Fi comics. My little brother is a huge Beast Boy fan, so I couldn't pass up the first four issues of Beast Boy released in 2000. It was a plus, considering they were still in great condition. As I was looking through one side, Kennedy was finding some great issues on the other. “Dude!” I heard from him. He was holding the 1994 Graphic Novel Spawn vs Batman in his hands with a big grin on his face. His favorite artist is Todd McFarlane, and he's always had a soft-spot in his heart for Spawn.
I didn't have a list of exact comics I was looking for (I have since learned from that mistake), so I was looking through ones that I either knew, or artwork that stuck out to me. Although I know some about the Flash, his comics have not been read much by me. But I have been wanting to read up on him and Cyborg more in preparation for Justice League in November, so his comics were on my radar. As I was flipping through I saw them. All 13 issues of Flash: The Fastest Man Alive were there, ripe for the picking. I went in really only looking for first issues, but I couldn't break up a set like this. The first issue's cover is a cornucopia of red and yellow, cascading across the page in blurred scarlet and gold.
This was it. I found what I didn't know I was looking for. I had already picked through some other good comics, the aforementioned Beast Boy, and Superman: For Tomorrow, as well as the special four issue runs of Dr. Fate released in 2004, and a few other single issues of comics. But this was it. This is the reason I go comic-booking with Kennedy – to find the issues that jump out at you, the ones you didn't know you needed until they're looking you in the face, and in this case, literally reaching out to you. I had 'em, and I was ready.
The man had told us to knock on the door to let him know when we were finished looking. We did, and soon after we heard his shuffling feet come close. He came in with an old college-ruled notebook with pages and pages of names of comic books, revealing how many comics he had at one point. He told us by the time we got in he'd already sold all his Deadpool collection, and a few hundred other comic books. This man enjoyed comics. He's the kind of man you want to buy comics from. He's nice, knowledgable, and since he's not really looking to make a ton of money, you can get some great runs for pennies on the dollar. I had easily $250 worth of comics in my hand by the time we walked out, and my wallet was only $40 lighter.
Although I had a headache by the time I left, I couldn't help but to think that on my day off, I got to spend it looking for great comic books with my best friend. That was a good day.
In the next piece, read as your dynamic duo, Joseph and Kennedy, travel to Canton Trade Days. Never will you find a more oddly-patriotic hive of trinkets and redneckery. Find out what's in store for the two heroes in the next issue of The Comic Book Friends: All-Star Canton.
Did you enjoy this content? Let us know on our Facebook page, via Twitter, or check us out on Tumblr!
Wallpaper
Welcome to the Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Wallpaper Gallery. All wallpapers are 960 x 854 pixels in resolution, perfectly suited to the X10 display. Please click on the dropdown category menu above to view the different galleries. We will constantly be refreshing and adding new wallpapers/categories, so please check back regularly.
Wallpaper categories
Download Instructions
Desktop: Click on the thumbnails to view the wallpaper. Some browsers don't reveal the full image when you click on it, you have to click on the image again to enlarge it properly. Make sure the image is 960 x 854 pixels before proceeding (right click –> image properties). Right click and save the wallpaper. This image can then be transferred onto the SD card of the Xperia X10. Once the image transfer is complete, view the image and hit the icon ‘Set as' and then press ‘Wallpaper'. A cropping square will appear, drag it to one corner and then maximise it as far as it will go to cover the whole image. Then hit ‘Save'.
Mobile: When viewing our site through the X10, long press any image (once the selected image is clicked) and choose ‘Save image'. Once the image transfer is complete, view the image and hit the icon ‘Set as' and then press ‘Wallpaper'. A cropping square will appear, drag it to one corner and then maximise it as far as it will go to cover the whole image. Then hit ‘Save'.
A fish species found in the Indian Ocean has a vestigial lung, suggesting that its ancestors had working lungs before they shifted to life in deep waters.
The coelacanth fish Latimeria chalumnae is descended from ancient coelacanths that lived in shallow waters. Paulo Brito at Rio de Janeiro State University in Brazil and his colleagues studied the fish at different stages of development, and found that a lung developed early in the embryo but then slowed its growth as the embryo matured. As the lung shrank in size relative to the growing embryo, a fatty organ that helps fish to control their buoyancy developed.
This is further evidence that ancestral coelacanths could breathe air in shallow waters, and that they lost the use of the lung as it was replaced by the fatty organ — an important adaptation to the deep ocean.
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
About this article Publication history Published 23 September 2015 DOI https://doi.org/10.1038/525428e
For the second consecutive week, a movie about women excelling at math topped North American box-office reports. Hidden Figures is about far more than algebraic equations, of course. It's based on the inspiring, heretofore little-known story of three brilliant women—Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson—who worked at NASA during the Space Race of the early '60s; their work contributed to John Glenn becoming the first American to orbit the Earth. The fact they were African American meant they not only confronted entrenched sexism but also virulent racism and segregation. Their heart-warming victories despite unconscionable obstacles are destined to resonate, and uplift, at the very moment hard-won civil and equality rights in the U.S. are in peril.
One particularly welcome aspect of the movie is the lack of wonder expressed over women being as nimble with numbers as men—or more so. Early on, Katherine's parents are told their daughter, then seven or eight, has a genius for algebra and should be accelerated into a (segregated) high school. They agree, expressing no doubt she shouldn't be primed to excel.
The movie also provides an opportunity to muse on why it is, more than 50 years after these women displayed their merit to the space program, that women and math are still presented as incompatible within the wider culture. We need look no further than Canadian politics, where the “math is difficult and not for girls” trope won't go away. Last year, Maryam Monsef, then minister of democratic institutions, famously held up a piece of paper in the House of Commons, a ransom note of sorts, with the complex formula used to determine voter proportionality. It appeared intended to intimidate: “Electoral reform, especially proportional representation, is really complicated—let's not go there,” being the takeaway message.
Seeing Monsef, now minister of the status of women, belittle a mathematic equation is an odd optic at a time that women now constitute more than half those enrolled in universities*, yet are still woefully underrepresented in science, technology, engineering and math, or STEM, courses. There's also the concerning fact that women's participation in the field hasn't improved much in 30 years in terms of jobs or pay inequity. Certainly a growing number of role models exist: Canada's minister of science, Kirsty Duncan, is herself an accomplished scientist.
So why is it the subject remains ripe for regular dust-ups? During a 2015 Alberta leader's debate, Conservative Jim Prentice was pilloried for saying, “I know math is difficult,” a remark that appeared aimed at NDP Leader Rachel Notley, who shrugged it off. Even so, it was viewed as a turning point in an election won by Notley's government. More recently, there was backlash to a Twitter debate between Conservative MP Michelle Rempel and Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi over residential taxes. Nenshi suggested Rempel “didn't understand what was going on”: “Apparently, math is challenging, but hopefully, she'll figure that out.” Rempel, who holds a degree in economics, denounced the comment as “sexist.”
Yet suggesting that math is challenging for women reflects ignorance more than sexism. Women have contributed to mathematics and science throughout history, overcoming profound prejudice and institutional barriers to do so. This list, which remains segregated into “women mathematicians,” is believed to dates to 350 CE with Hypatia, and includes Émilie du Châtelet, whose kinetic energy theory foreshadowed E=mc2, Sophie Germain, and Ada Lovelace, credited with creating the first computer program (she was also a daughter of Lord Byron). And let's not forget Mileva Marić, Einstein's former student and first wife, whose contribution to his early work remains the subject of debate.
The story of Emmy Noether is particularly moving—if not as ripe for movie adaptation. Today the German mathematician and physicist is celebrated for her theorem, proved in 1915 and published in 1918, that unites two conceptual pillars of physics: symmetry in nature and the conservation laws. It has been heralded as a unifying principle for all physics and on par with the Pythagorean theorem. A Jewish woman, Noether audited courses after being barred from matriculating formally at the University of Erlangen. After acing her final exams, she was granted the equivalent of a bachelor's degree. Even after receiving a Ph.D., she was barred from holding a university position. Finally, she was named “unofficial associate professor” at the University of Göttingen, despite protest from male professors. She lost that job in 1933 after enforcement of Hitler's law banning “non-Aryans” from university positions. Noether immigrated to the U.S. and took a position at Bryn Mawr and the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.
Weeks after her death in 1935 at age 53, Einstein called Noether “the most significant creative mathematical genius,” with a caveat: “thus far produced since the higher education of women began.” More recently, Noether's work has been highlighted in the 2010 book Emmy Noether's Wonderful Theorem, by Dwight E. Neuenschwander and in a 2015 Google doodle.
Yet despite these accomplishments, the 2013 Finkbeiner test, a guide to avoid sexist coverage of female scientists in the media, would be warranted. It clearly wasn't used in rocket scientist Yvonne Brill's infamous 2013 New York Times obituary that began with a celebration of her domestic accomplishments: “She made a mean beef stroganoff, followed her husband from job to job and took eight years off from work to raise three children.” Brill was also recognized for her landmark work in jet propulsion and her patent on a hydrazine resistojet used to prevent communications satellites from falling out of their orbit. Yet these achievements were secondary to her skill deploying paprika.
In a 2010 interview, Brill, who was born in Winnipeg in 1924 and turned to mathematics and chemistry after being barred from studying engineering at the University of Manitoba, pointed to continuing systemic lack of recognition and awards for women in the field: “In order to get an honour, you have to be nominated,” she said. “It rarely occurs to men to nominate women.” She was alluding to the Matthew Effect, sociologist Robert Merton's theory that fame in science begets fame; eminent scientists often get more credit than comparatively unknown researchers, Merton pointed out, even for similar work. In a world that marginalizes female scientists, Albert Einstein is a household name; Emmy Noether is not.
Awards make a difference. In 2015, President Obama honoured Katherine Johnson with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, calling the physicist and mathematician “a pioneer who broke barriers of race and gender.” Hollywood also likes to champion proven winners. The huge audiences for Hidden Figures will no doubt create a “Hidden Figures effect,” a flurry of films starring women who excel in STEM fields. Already the movie has inspired conversation about STEM and women; there have been special screenings for girls.
Yet a double standard remains. At one Toronto theatre showing Hidden Figures, the trailers included one for Gifted, an American movie about a single man raising his seven-year-old math prodigy niece. He clashes with his mother—the girl's grandmother—over the child's future: he wants her to have a “normal” school life and childhood; his mother, who appears the villain, wants to focus, even perhaps exploit, the girl's talent. Watching it, you have to wonder if Gifted would have been made with a seven-year-old boy. Thankfully, Katherine Johnson's parents didn't have to face such a dilemma some 90 years ago.
CORRECTION, Jan. 23, 2017: This post originally stated that women account for more than half of students enrolled in STEM programs. In fact, women are underrepresented in those fields of study.
A potential "Justice League" film could rest on Superman's hopefully sturdy shoulders.
Henry Cavill is the 'Man of Steel.' (Photo: Clay Enos, Warner Bros. Pictures) Story Highlights New Superman movie 'Man of Steel' opens June 14
Its success will be compared to 'Iron Man 3,' which has racked up $1.1 billion worldwide
If 'Man of Steel' is a big enough hit, DC Comics could pursue a 'Justice League' movie
Although the highly anticipated Superman saga Man of Steel doesn't open until June 14, our hero's mightiest foe already has made himself known.
That would be Robert Downey Jr., who plays the title role in Iron Man 3, which opened May 3 and has racked up $386 million in domestic receipts and topped $1.1 billion worldwide. The film has also continued the impressive momentum of the Marvel Studios movies — Iron Man 3 stands at No. 5 in all-time global box office, two spots behind last year's The Avengers.
So what's that mean for Henry Cavill as he dons the Superman cape for the first time?
Iron Man's numbers put pressure on both Warner Bros. and DC's flagship superhero to come up with bigger and better projects — possibly a superhero team-up film to answer The Avengers.
STORY : Man of Steel star Henry Cavill needs nerves of steel
VIDEO: Henry Cavill reveals his personal kryptonite
MOVIE FORUM: Can Superman beat Iron Man?
<!--iframe-->
"Iron Man 3 being so big certainly makes it harder for Man of Steel to have a chance at being the movie of the summer, which Warner Bros. was hoping it might be," says Devin Faraci of the pop-culture website Badass Digest.
Aside from Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy, Warner Bros.' movies based on DC Comics characters recently haven't enjoyed the same cache as their rival Marvel counterparts. Green Lantern failed to launch two years ago, and even the last Superman movie, 2006's Superman Returns, received a tepid response with a $52 million opening weekend.
Meanwhile, Marvel has a slate of "Phase 2" films — including Captain America, Thor and Avengers sequels, plus the cosmic Guardians of the Galaxy — opening between now and 2015. And the studio already is planning "Phase 3" with Ant-Man and others.
"The success of Iron Man 3 and the Marvel movie universe leaves Warner Bros. years behind the curve," says Peter Sciretta of Slashfilm.com.
It's not all Kryptonite for Superman and his cohorts, though. If anything has a chance of unseating Iron Man 3 as the movie of the summer, it's Man of Steel, says Jeff Bock, senior box-office analyst for Exhibitor Relations.
While it will have more competition than Iron Man 3 did, Bock expects Man of Steel to open with at least a $100 million weekend. He says audiences could expect to see five to 10 DC movies in the next decade if it reaches $300 million during its run and racks up a minimum of $750 million globally.
"That's a number that would say there's a lot of life in this character and in DC Comics in general," Bock adds. "This is the number that most of the Marvel films are going to easily hit. If you want to play in the leagues with those guys, you've got to equal those grosses."
In Man of Steel's favor, ironically, is the fact that Iron Man 3 was a good film, says Mike Sampson of ScreenCrush.com. "A lot of people saw it but more importantly, they left satisfied. They left feeling happy about superhero movies and excited about the future."
Marvel took a "second-tier" hero like Iron Man and turned him into billion-dollar franchise, and in theory Warner Bros. has a much easier road, Sampson adds.
"Batman and Superman are two of the biggest characters — not just superheroes — in the entire world. The interest in seeing those two characters share the screen would be off the charts."
Plus, DC has proven creative talent behind the scenes, says Sciretta — Nolan is a producer on Man of Steel, Zack Snyder (300) is directing and David Goyer wrote the screenplay, as he did for all three recent Batman films.
Fanboys would love to see a rumored Batman/Superman movie in the future, but they'd really salivate over a Justice League film. It's been in various stages of development over the years — director George Miller had it all the way to pre-production, with D.J. Cotrona as his Man of Steel. But the plug was pulled in 2007 due to a double whammy of writers' strike issues and tax-incentive problems in Australia, where it was to be filmed, according to Cotrona.
Getting a supergroup of DC Comics characters on the big screen would give Warner Bros. something to compete with The Avengers and conceivably launch other iconic characters such as Wonder Woman and the Flash.
However, neither of those scenarios may be options if Supes fails to fly. And a potential Justice League movie presents its own set of problems, too, especially creatively.
"Superman operates in a very different world than Batman, who operates in a very different world from Green Lantern," Sampson says. "Getting them all together in one cohesive movie will take some considerable work."
Having stand-alone solo movies like Marvel did to introduce characters is essential, but the thought of Man of Steel not reaching expectations and Justice League going forward anyway "sounds disastrous," Sciretta says. "You can have one or two characters that the mainstream audience doesn't know, but you can't introduce the whole team in a movie."
But Faraci doesn't feel as though a Justice League film is a done deal at all. "If Man of Steel bombs," he says, "it will not happen."
Bock figures that Man of Steel needs to be in the top three films of the summer to even consider a Justice League film. However, being able to confidently plant it as a tentpole film would do wonders in leveling the competition with Marvel and maintaining audience interest.
"As long as they announce films and say, 'Yes, Justice League is coming out in 2016 and a Wonder Woman movie in 2017,' and get them on the release schedule, that will keep fans excited," Bock says. "But they have to start making some moves.
"I'm not going to say this is do-or-die, but it's as close as it gets," he adds. "With Green Lantern flaming out and not another Batman film in the near future, all hope for DC Comics now rests on Superman's shoulders."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/14wkqQq
One Nation senator Rod Culleton changes mind, decides to attend High Court hearing
Updated
One Nation senator Rod Culleton has had a change of heart, declaring he will now attend a direction hearing about the validity of his election, despite earlier ruling out turning up.
The Senate has asked the High Court to investigate the eligibility of Senator Culleton, and former Family First senator Bob Day, with the directions hearing set for next Monday.
Senator Culleton previously said he would not attend because the Senate is sitting next week, but has told 7.30 he has changed his mind.
"That's just changed in the last 10 minutes before coming to the studio," Senator Culleton said.
"I just got the submissions from the government solicitors and at one stage I thought I'd be just wrestling with smoke down there, but it's important that I go down to make sure that all the dates line up because they're trying to express run it prior to Christmas."
Senator Culleton said he still planned to represent himself in court and thought it was a "positive move" to attend in person.
"Now that I've finally got the submissions, only a couple of days before the hearing date, I think it's a positive move to go down there on Monday."
The Federal Government wants Senator Culleton's election investigated because he had been convicted of an offence carrying a jail term of one year or more at the time of the July 2 poll.
That may make him ineligible to sit in the Upper House, even though the conviction has since been quashed.
The challenge against Mr Day relates to a possible financial interest he had in his Adelaide electoral office and whether it breached the pecuniary interest rules for parliamentarians.
Topics: federal-government, government-and-politics, law-crime-and-justice, one-nation, australia
First posted
'They're my miracle babies': Caprice opens up about her miscarriage and failed attempts at IVF, before the joy of learning she's expecting two baby boys
With a growing bump, it would seem that model and businesswoman Caprice has a lot to get ready for.
But it's not just buying cots and nappies for one new arrival - but two.
The 41-year-old is also expecting a second child with a surrogate based in America, after three IVF attempts weren't successful.
When two becomes four! Caprice and her partner Ty are expecting two baby boys, due just four weeks apart
In an interview with The Sun , she said: 'We have been to hell and back. I would have given up all the fame, money and magazine covers in half a heartbeat to become a mom.' (sic)
Caprice met her partner, Ty Comfort, 46, in June 2011, and in time the pair decide to try for a baby.
Just one month later, they were delighted to discover that she was pregnant, b ut at a six week scan, the doctor couldn't find a heartbeat. Sadly, four days later, she suffered a miscarriage.
Beach baby: the model and businesswoman had a miscarriage and three failed attempts at IVF before falling pregnant naturally
The couple then attempted to have three rounds of IVF in America, but when that didn't work, doctors suggested using a surrogate.
After contacting a Californian surrogacy agency last autumn, the couple decided on a 34-year-old woman who already had four children and didn't want any more of her own.
Then at Christmas, they discovered she was pregnant with twins and shortly afterwards came the surprised that Caprice was expecting too.
Expectant parents: the couple enlisted the help of a Californian-based surrogate before discovering that Caprice was also pregnant
She said: 'I was so stressed with work that I didn't realise I was late until March. You couldn't make it up.'
Yet more heartache was to come when Caprice started bleeding. Fearing a miscarriage, the star then received a phone call from the surrogate to say that she had also lost one of the twins.
Submerged in grief, Ty persuaded her to have a scan, and thankfully it revealed the baby Caprice was carrying still had a heartbeat.
Both babies are boys and with due dates just four weeks apart, life with two newborns will be rather hectic to say the least.
Police in Germany have been criticized after a spokesman urged women to “jog in pairs” following a brutal rape incident in Leipzig in which a woman jogging alone in a park was attacked by a man of “southern” appearance.
The incident took place in the Rosental Park in Leipzig on Friday morning, local media report. A woman in her 50s was jogging in the park when she saw a suspicious man running in her direction.
Read more
The man grabbed the woman, dragged her into a field and brutally raped her while hitting her hard in the face. The victim had to undergo emergency surgery.
When she was found, the woman described the attacker as being of “southern” appearance. He was between 25 and 35 years old, had dark hair and a short, untidy beard, according to witness accounts.
Responding to the case, Leipzig police released a statement on Sunday, advising women to jog in pairs to avoid such incidents. Police started searching for the perpetrator, but have not yet managed to find him.
“It would be better if women jogged in pairs, or at the least that they make sure that there is always someone else around,” police spokesperson Uwe Voigt said, as cited by Das Bild newspaper.
The police statement has been harshly criticized by Leipzig mayor Burkhard Jung who said that “the state's answer to this terrible incident and to previous such incidents must be to put more police on the streets and in the parks - I have been calling for this for years.”
“We all want to live in a city in which it is self-evident that women can go jogging alone in the park, a city in which everyone is safe,” he told Bild. “We clearly need a more visible police force for that,” he added.
People on social media joined the chorus of discontent reacting fiercely to the police statement and calling it “ridiculous” and “unbelievable.”
“Is this the only proposal suggested by [Leipzig] police concerning this incident?” one person wondered on Twitter, while another added: “What happened to our country?”
Wenn dieser Vorschlag von der Polizei kommt fällt mir nur eins ein: Oberpeinlich und unverschämt!! Wann gibt's endlich "wirkliche" Strafen? — Hartmut Bauer (@HartmutBauerBln) September 3, 2017
Was ist nur aus unserem Land geworden? — Petra S (@Petra0308) September 3, 2017
“It looks like we, women, have to adapt to impossible conditions because [Germany] can't tackle violence,” one woman lamented.
wir Frauen müssen sich an einer unmöglichen Situation anpassen weil die Staat an Gewaltkampf scheitert, oder gar die Gewalt fordert — Justine Cold Case (@keepitrunonyou) September 3, 2017
Others sarcastically suggested what types of clothing a woman should wear in order not to attract a potential offender. “Veils? Definitely not tight clothing?” one person wrote. Another person, however, noted that the woman was wearing not heels, but sports shoes while jogging.
Und verschleiert. Auf keinen Fall enge Kleidung sonst ist man selber schuld und lockt den geilen Bock an. 👍🏻 traurig aber wahr. 😒 — Jan Schubert (@JanschubertJs) September 3, 2017
Den Frauen würde auch schon geraten Sportschuhe zu tragen, und keine Pumps. Die Joggerin hatte Sportschuhe an, geholfen hat's nicht. — FAT_TONI (@55janrich) September 3, 2017
“Perhaps our women should stay at home and [not] go outdoors at all”, “Should older people go alone shopping?”, “Good advice from police. Jog in pairs and one should have a Kalashnikov [rifle],” others wrote.
Many self-identified Republicans vote against their own self-interest, or so say a number of prominent pundits. The Republican Party, which favors cutting federal spending, tends to do well in states that are most reliant on federal spending. You can see this in a graph by New York University political scientist Patrick Egan, which shows a strong relationship between how much a state relies on the federal government and the strength of that state's vote for Donald Trump.
Relationship between state reliance on federal spending and support for Donald Trump in 2016
Data: Wallethub.com; Figure: Patrick J. Egan
Why? That's what we examine in a recently published paper in the British Journal of Political Science. Many observers have noted that Americans are more likely to take the side of their party on the issues of the day in the last 30 years. But the Republicans are more unified — and as a result, more powerful.
[How different are the Democratic and Republican parties? Too different to compare]
Although both Democrats and Republicans are more ideologically consistent and committed than they were 40 years ago, Republicans are far more so than Democrats. The overwhelming majority are conservative not only in name but all the way down. This means identifying with one's party's political outlook, knowing how the main parties' ideological positions relate, and being attached to one's party's ideological and policy concerns. Thanks to that greater consistency and commitment, Republicans can resist pressure to move society in a more liberal direction.
The result: though the Republican Party is the smaller party, it can punch above its weight.
For as long as political science has had data on this, Republicans have been:
Twice as likely as Democrats to support their party's ideological policies.
50 percent more likely to know that the Republican Party is more conservative than the Democratic Party.
More than twice as likely to have ideological reasons for supporting their party.
More than four times less likely to list social reasons for identifying with their party.
Indicators of ideologically sophistication by party and over time
Data: American National Election Study; Figure: Yphtach Lelkes and Paul Sniderman
These differences aren't because of demographic differences like income, education, race or ethnicity. It's not because of differences in political knowledge. Even those self-identified Republicans who, according to American National Election Studies interviewers, weren't well-informed about politics knew more about the ideological structure of U.S. politics than self-identified Democrats who were very well-informed.
This ideological sophistication keeps Republicans from being attracted to popular social welfare policies. Below, using data from the 2012 American National Election Study, we show mean support for a number of social welfare policies among Democrats (columns 1 and 2) and Republicans (columns 3 and 4) who are more and less ideologically sophisticated.
[It's actually older people who have become more cynical about democracy]
As you can see, Democrats don't need to be ideologically aware — i.e., to know what's “liberal” and what's “conservative” — to want to increase government support for social security, public schools, child care and the like.
But adopting conservative ideology deeply affects Republicans. Far more than Democrats, Republicans who are and who are not well-versed in ideology have very different opinions on social welfare programs. In fact, in many instances, Republicans who aren't very ideological hold positions — for example, on Social Security and public schools — that are more like those of Democrats than like those of highly ideological Republicans.
Meanwhile, those Republicans who are steeped in conservative ideology resist increased spending for the most popular social policies, like Social Security and public schools. In fact, they decisively support cutting government spending on other policies that are nearly as popular, like unemployment, health care, child care and antipoverty programs.
For Republicans, the mean difference in policy positions between the groups was four times larger than for their Democratic counterparts.
Spending Preferences on Federal Policies by Party and Ideological Sophistication
Data: American National Election Study; Figure: Yphtach Lelkes and Paul Sniderman
Ideological sophistication also inoculates Republicans from taking positions that someone might consider liberal. In one experiment we conducted, we asked 2,015 respondents, who had already identified themselves as either Democrats or Republicans, to rank their support for increased funding for food stamps, i.e., government-issued coupons that can be exchanged for food. The scale went from zero to one, with one being the most supportive.
[Republicans and Democrats can't even agree about how they disagree]
Respondents were randomly assigned four different sets of information about food stamps. One group read policy arguments for food stamps, without any party labels attached. Another group did not read policy arguments, but were told that Democrats supported food stamps while Republicans opposed them. A third group got both the policy arguments and the party labels. And a fourth group, which social science calls “the control condition,” got neither.
In this experiment, we defined “ideological sophistication” as adopting the ideology of one's party.
The figure below shows how those four approaches affected Democrats and Republicans. Without partisan labels, Democrats who say they are conservative tend to oppose increased food stamp funding. Liberal Democrats needed either a label or a policy argument in favor of food stamps; otherwise, they opposed the increase.
Republicans' reactions could not be more different. After reading the policy argument, conservative Republicans strongly opposed increased funding for food stamps; without reading the argument, they neither opposed nor supported an increase in spending. In a word, for conservative Republicans, party label and policy arguments aren't needed. They have internalized what policy goes with what ideology, and why.
The policy argument vs. party label experiment
Data: Original data; Figure: Yphtach Lelkes and Paul Sniderman
Many political scientists argue that Americans are “innocent of ideology” — that is, that they do not have a solid grasp of the ideological structure of American politics. Our results complement that conventional wisdom, in several ways. First, this is a study of partisans, not of the general citizenry. Second, in the past, political science has usually treated political ideology as the same as political cosmology — having an interconnected system of abstract beliefs about the dynamics of politics and the economy. Our definition is much simpler.
The Democratic Party has offered more policies that most Americans support. But the Republican Party has more supporters who are ideologically aware. That has power.
Yphtach Lelkes is an assistant professor at the Annenberg School for Communication, University of Pennsylvania. Follow him on Twitter @ylelkes.
Paul M. Sniderman is the Fairleigh S. Dickinson Jr. Professor in Public Policy and a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.
A group numbering in the hundreds gathers outside the American Legion Post 34 to protest the appearance of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell R-Ky., and the policies of the Trump administration Tuesday, Feb. 21, 2017, in Lawrenceburg, Ky. (AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley)
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky. (AP) — Nearly 1,000 people jeered Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell as he drove to a speech Tuesday where he told local business leaders that “winners make policy and the losers go home.”
Protesters crowded the American Legion Post 34 Fairgrounds, kept at bay by several police officers and a chain link fence. The crowd chanted “No ban, no wall, Mitch McConnell take our call” — a reference to full voicemail boxes at the senator's offices — as McConnell drove past in a black SUV. It was the first of several scheduled public appearances for McConnell this week during a congressional recess. Protesters upset with Republican President Donald Trump's policies have vowed to follow McConnell to every stop.
A handful of dissidents is able to RSVP for a seat to hear McConnell's speech. One woman, 54-year-old Rose Perkins of Georgetown, stood and wagged her finger at McConnell as she asked him about the thousands of coal jobs that have disappeared in eastern Kentucky.
“If you'll answer that, I'll sit down and shut up like Elizabeth Warren,” Perkins said, a reference to McConnell invoking Senate rules to silence the Massachusetts senator during her speech opposing Jeff Sessions' confirmation as U.S. attorney general.
After a brief pause filled with gasps from the mostly friendly crowd, McConnell replied: “I hope you feel better now.”
Nationwide, Republicans are facing angry constituents frustrated by the president's Cabinet appointments and plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the federal health care law credited with drastically cutting reducing the number of uninsured people while also driving up the cost of monthly premiums. None have faced more scrutiny than McConnell, who is managing a narrow majority to push through the president's agenda and cabinet appointments.
Several people stood and booed as McConnell finished his remarks, including answering a few questions about the Affordable Care Act and regulations on the financial industry imposed by the legislation known as Dodd-Frank. McConnell was largely unfazed by those he called “the people outside,” saying he was “proud” of them for expressing their views.
But he also told his mostly friendly audience that the protesters “had their shot,” adding: “Winners make policy and the losers go home.”
Specific details of a replacement plan have not yet been made public, a fact 32-year-old Robert Brown found troubling. He traveled from Lexington to protest McConnell while in the wheelchair he uses because of spina bifida. He worried that repealing the law would make it harder for him to get insurance.
“Sen. McConnell is not holding town hall meetings,” Brown said. “He's holding private meetings with people that will pay to see him and that largely agree with him.”
McConnell distanced himself from Trump's stated war with the media, telling reporters after the speech that “I like you guys” and “we need to have people looking at us and raising tough questions.” He acknowledged Trump would be well served to tone down some of his tweets, but said: “He's not going to take my advice.”
Nanci Armstrong-Temple filed her intent to run for the District 2 Berkeley City Council seat last Monday.
Armstrong-Temple was previously endorsed at a meeting of progressive voters that had taken place the Saturday before she announced her candidacy. The City Council candidate currently runs a dance program in Berkeley and identifies herself as an activist and mother, according to her business website.
The meeting of progressive voters was hosted by the Berkeley Progressive Alliance, Berkeley Citizens Action and Berkeley Tenants Union. Only two candidates from District 2 were present at the meeting — Armstrong-Temple and Cheryl Davila.
In her response to a questionnaire written by the Berkeley Progressive Alliance, Armstrong-Temple stated that the primary issues she would address as a City Council member would be “affordable housing, gentrification/development for profit, and the militarization of the police.” She is also concerned about UC Berkeley's use of public spaces for profit.
“There has been a deep disenfranchisement of the people in the city of Berkeley,” Armstrong-Temple said in the questionnaire. “There is a fast­-paced development and profit mindset that has taken over our city and made it more important to our city officials to get rid of things that make it ‘look bad' rather than spend the time and energy to find real solutions to deep and long-­term problems.”
Some of Armstrong-Temple's ideas include imposing a 90-day moratorium on evictions, investment in housing and the repeal of both Proposition 13, which reduced property taxes, and the Costa-Hawkins Law, which implemented vacancy decontrol and allows property owners to increase rent when units are unoccupied.
According to James Reagan, another candidate for the District 2 City Council seat, most people running for election share the same goals with an emphasis on affordable housing.
Four people have filed to run for the District 2 seat this year, including current Councilmember Darryl Moore.
Anderson Lanham is the lead crime & courts reporter. Contact her at [email protected].
It's a brand that generates over $1 million in revenue. It often works without any electricity. Its employees are regularly seen rushing to collect their…
It's a brand that generates over $1 million in revenue. It often works without any electricity. Its employees are regularly seen rushing to collect their goods by foot or on battered motorcycles. The floor of its homebase cannot even be seen for all the hair that lines it.
No, it's not because they don't like to clean — for Arjuni, hair is their business. And, like many of the new ventures constantly sprouting up, the e-commerce site that sells hair extensions is harnessing the latest Internet tools like Twitter and social media to build a loyal customer base.
Customers are encouraged to describe their orders on home videos that they upload on YouTube, with segments on topics like hair design, delivery, and grooming. Clients are also encouraged to send in pictures of starlets they want to emulate, like Catherine Zeta-Jones or Beyoncé. And Arjuni also floods Facebook with testimonials and promotions.
By dealing directly with customers, Arjuni eliminates the added cost of working through another retailer or site. And when extensions can cost thousands of dollars, every dollar makes a difference.
So while most people are wondering, “All this for hair?”, Arjuni's profits are steadily growing. As are the profits of a number of other bizarre but seemingly obvious startups like Picky Domains, which for a small fee will constantly suggest domain names for your website until you find one you like. Ridiculously simple — but it's worth $5 million.
Another cool $3 million is being raked in by SantaMail, where someone gets a postal address somewhere around the North Pole or Alaska, pretends to be a Santa Claus himself, and charges parents $10 for every letter he sends to their kids. Yes, it's for real. As real as the $2 million a year DoodyCalls, which cleans up after your pets, or Doggles, which provides premium eyewear for your dog.
Moral of the story: with the advent of Kickstarter, the prevalence of social media, and the incredible spread of crowdsourcing , there is no idea too small or too ridiculous. All you need is a little bit of faith and the relentless charm of a used car salesman.
MEXICO CITY – Prime Minister Stephen Harper met Wednesday with leaders from the company behind the Keystone XL pipeline — just hours before he again presses U.S. President Barack Obama to approve the controversial project.
Harper's meeting with TransCanada officials occurred in Mexico City before he was to travel to the neighbouring city of Toluca for the so-called Three Amigos summit with Obama and Mexico's Enrique Pena Nieto.
The word “Keystone” was never uttered in the brief photo-op, but Harper spoke briefly of the opportunities for Canadian firms in the Mexico's resources sector, which has recently been opened up to private sector investment.
“We're here to talk about what's happening in Mexico,” Harper told those assembled in the 14th-floor boardroom of TransCanada's Mexican headquarters.
“As many of you probably know, there's major reforms taking place particularly in the energy sector and this is creating great opportunity for Canadian companies. And so we're here to discuss some of those opportunities.”
Mexico wants more Canadian foreign investment not just in its resource sector, but in infrastructure, among others.
No progress on the long-stalled plan to link Alberta's oilsands with the southern United States was expected to emerge Wednesday, since neither leader is expected to deviate from their stated positions on Keystone.
Harper will likely push Obama for speedy approval, while the White House maintains the president will reiterate that the approval process still has several more months to run.
Harper spokesman Jason MacDonald played down the significance of the TransCanada meeting, saying the prime minister often meets business leaders when he travels.
“The purpose of these meetings is to hear about their experience doing business in Mexico, their plans and any role that the government might play in helping them to grow their business and create jobs,” MacDonald wrote in an email.
“TransCanada is showing real Canadian leadership in an important sector, one that has shown tremendous potential to create jobs and economic growth.”
Harper also participated in a roundtable with Canadian business leaders on Tuesday in Mexico, where they discussed opportunities to increase trade and investment, MacDonald noted.
Harper will press Obama on the sidelines of a meeting of the three North American leaders that's expected to focus on deepening economic integration, energy, labour mobility and security.
Harper said Tuesday he planned to raise Keystone with Obama, in private.
He said his message would be similar to what he has been saying in public for years, that the pipeline would be good for the economies of both countries.
“I'll raise the issue in private as I've done every time I've met him over the past couple of years,” Harper said.
Obama is to arrive this afternoon, and will depart by mid-evening.
The three leaders will mark the 20th anniversary of North American Free Trade Agreement, a deal Harper has lauded despite the fact it has left Canada in a trade deficit with Mexico.
Harper told business leaders on Tuesday that Canada needs to do more to close that deficit while attracting more investment from its southern neighbour.
He said NAFTA has fostered commercial growth between the two countries, but there are still wrinkles.
“It's a very unbalanced relationship,” Harper said.
All three countries want to update NAFTA and the consensus seems to be that they should be relying on the current round of Trans-Pacific Partnership talks to do that.
The TPP is a trade bloc of 12 countries in the Americas, Asia and the Pacific.
The Obama administration wants a deal by year's end. But Obama is facing opposition in Congress to his goal of getting “fast track” authority on negotiating trade deals.
The U.S. is also negotiating its own free trade deal with the European Union, talks that started just as Canada signed its own agreement in principle with Europe last fall.
Live from Vijecnica National Library, Sarajevo
Presented by Sara Mohr-Pietsch
As part of Radio 3's Music in the Great War season we join together with broadcasters from across Europe for an historic event. One hundred years after the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the Vienna Philharmonic performs in Sarajevo's historic Vijecnica National Library, joining forces with the Opera Choir of the National Theatre of Sarajevo for music from France, Germany and Austria in a tribute to peace and international friendship.
Haydn: Quartet in C, op. 76 Nr. 3 'Kaiserquartet': 2nd movement
Schubert: Symphony no.8 in B minor 'Unfinished'
Berg: Three orchestral pieces: No 3: March
Brahms: Song of Destiny, Op.54
Ravel: La valse
The works in this programme combine music of composers from Austria, Germany and France. Haydn based the melody of the 2nd movement of his quartet on a hymn he'd written for the Austrian Emperor Francis II. Schubert's 'Unfinished' remains one of the most popular yet mysterious symphonies, leading us by way of the mysteries and chasms of the human soul toward a vision of consummation and peace. Shortly before the outbreak of World War I, Alban Berg began the composition of his 'Three Pieces for Orchestra'. Berg, who was a soldier in the imperial army, anticipates the catastrophe of the war as well as the suffering of its countless victims in this March.
In his Song of Destiny Brahms the composer and humanist contradicts the hopeless worldview of a great poet. Ravel described La Valse as the "quintessence of the Viennese Waltz", in which the "premonition of an awesome and inescapable maelstrom" was converged. The apocalyptic foreboding is unmistakable.
Share
Update: Whatsapp has spoken to AllThingsD. Whatsapp's Head of Business Development Neeraj Aroratold has said that Whatsapp “is not holding sales talks with Google” and the company declined to provide additional comment.
Messaging app WhatsApp is in the negotiating phase over prices with Google in what could be Google's next billion dollar acquisition, according to an inside source.
While the deal started four or five weeks ago, we've been told that WhatsApp is “playing hardball” and jockeying for a higher acquisition price, which currently is “close to” $1 billion right now.
We've suspected for some time now that a messaging app would be the next billion dollar acquisition deal following Facebook's Instagram buy-out last year. 2012 was the year for photo-sharing apps, which you know everything about by now. So, 2013 has been dominating by the messaging app-meets social network market.
There are rumors that Google Babel will combine Google's disparate communication services under one roof, but the platform still needs to do something to innovate in this space; mobile messaging has been taken over by smaller apps and Facebook has made a major push as well. Google hasn't given an answer to this competition. Even Google Product Manager Nikhyl Singhal confessed to GigaOM in June of last year that “We have done an incredibly poor job of servicing our users here.” Messaging is a huge, gaping hole in Google's mobile strategy.
Communication services are the pillar to any connected device; knowing this, if Google wants to be taken seriously on mobile, it'll need a standout like WhatsApp to take under its wing, and it needs to work fast.
By all regards, the acquisition is a no-brainer. Apps like LINE, WeChat, Nimbuzz, Tango, KakaoTalk, and of course WhatsApp, are making a splash on mobile (and as social apps) in record time. LINE has gone from zero to 130 million users in just under two years. Even new entrant MessageMe has rocketed from zero to one million users in just 12 days.
Google can't afford the time to rebrand and rebuild a competitive messaging app at the risk of entering the game too late – or, it needs to be able to work off the platform WhatsApp has already established and use this technology (and sensically, the user base) to fill out the purported Babel.
Also justifying the rumors is the fact that Google has approached WhatsApp before (as has Facebook). Look at it this way: WhatsApp is consistently the number one paid app in more than 100 countries with an enviable user base size spread throughout more than 100 countries and 750 mobile networks. To give you an idea about WhatsApp's scale, on New Years Eve 2012 alone WhatsApp saw a record 18 billion messages processed in a day.
But more importantly, WhatsApp has a proven monetization scheme. Its yearly but nominal $0.99 subscription fee keeps the service ad-free. Behind the scenes however, WhatsApp also generates revenue through profitable partnerships with international telecommunications companies. For instance WhatsApp's monthly local plan in Hong Kong with mobile operator 3 HK costs just $8HK ($1.03 USD) and an international package will run for $48HK ($6.18 USD) per day. And whatever Whatsapp is doing is working: The app has even had a direct hand in declining SMS usage around the world.
WhatsApp has remained mum about its revenue, but our source says that WhatsApp may have a ballpark of $100 million in yearly revenue – we're working on corroborating that detail.
Edit: We previously referred to Google's unified communication services as “Babble,” but new evidence has come to light suggesting that the service will be called “Babel.” The changes have been reflected above.
In 2013, The Washington Post‘s Chris Cillizza posed a question: “If not Hillary Clinton in 2016, then who?”
That's a question that Democrats may have to begrudgingly ask themselves in the coming weeks, as a New York Times story about Clinton's email use during her time as secretary of state—compounded with earlier reporting on the Clinton Foundation—roil Clintonland.
Clinton's allies are already insisting the email story—that Clinton exclusively used her personal email address while at the State Department—is a nothing-burger. It isn't news. It will blow over after conservatives have had their 48 hours of outrage. After all, it's unclear whether Clinton actually violated any rules! Move along, nothing to see here.
(RELATED: Meet the Non-Clinton Clinton Defense Team)
But the story doesn't make the Democrats' only current hope look good. The news fits perfectly into the narrative that Clinton's opponents are already trying to create: that she and her husband are secretive, less-than-scrupulous career politicians who are more interested in preserving their own power than being held accountable to American voters. In other words, that they are a real-life Frank and Claire Underwood.
And while that characterization may not be fair, Democrats may find themselves wondering if they need to start looking for an alternate candidate who does not represent entrenched power, much like in House of Cards season 3. Mild spoiler alert: finding such an alternate to back is a lot easier for the fictional Democrats than in real life. If Clinton's email problem continues to dog her into the campaign—or if she surprises everyone and decides not to run—the Democratic Party could be caught flat-footed.
Speaking in terms of pure probability, Republicans are putting forward far more serious candidates than what the Democrats are offering, a veritable buffet of options versus a prix-fixe menu. While Clinton is still polling light-years ahead of any potential Democratic opponent in the primaries, it's tough to predict how that success will translate to the general election.
(RELATED: Maybe Hillary Clinton Should Retire Her White House Dreams)
“Any lead Clinton does have is almost entirely attributable to being better known,” FiveThirtyEight‘s Harry Enten wrote in December. “Not only are her numbers dropping, but she is running on par with a Democratic brand in its weakest shape in a decade.”
Clinton's name identification has been the ship that has kept her afloat for months. It's the reason why former Sen. Jim Webb of Virginia had to announce his candidacy in November, while she can wait until April or May. It's why Webb and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley don't get as many think pieces (like this one!) written about them. It's why donors are just waiting for Clinton to give the signal so they can whip out their checkbooks. Clinton being a known quantity in politics is her main defining quality.
But presidential elections are not won on name ID alone; just time-travel to 2008 and ask freshman Senator Barack Obama. Some poll results have shown that Clinton may not be quite as inevitable as the predominant media narrative has suggested. Since 2009, her net favorability has eroded.
(RELATED: Hillary Clinton Still Doesn't Get It)
But Democrats with wandering eyes may find themselves in a very tough spot: The window for other Democrats to jump into the race is quickly closing.
Let's start with the candidates, floated in years past, who can be eliminated: Brian Schweitzer and Howard Dean both made Cillizza's list two years ago. Today, it's hard to see either of them making a go of it, especially considering Dean has already endorsed Clinton and Schweitzer self-imploded. Elizabeth Warren? Don't start that again.
What about a Democratic governor? If Clinton somehow ends up not running, Andrew Cuomo could draw New York-area donors, but he would face the same criticisms Rudy Giuliani faced in 2008: that as a New York politician, he's out of touch with Real America. Jerry Brown and Deval Patrick are in a similar camp.
Bernie Sanders? If you can see a socialist in the White House, I may have to check to see if you are Frank Zeidler reincarnated. Alright, what about Joe Biden? He has hinted at being interested, but it's hard to see the vice president, whose past presidential campaigns have flamed out, being perceived as anything but Obama Lite. That leaves O'Malley and Webb, two Democrats with little in the way of major political accomplishments, whose names barely register to voters outside the Beltway.
Besides, if the national conscience continues to be preoccupied with the spread of ISIS, foreign policy could stick as a dominant theme of 2016. That means Democrats might be better positioned to put up someone with political experience. Who, apart from Clinton and to an extent Webb, can proffer the hawkish Democratic brand that might appeal to security-minded voters in 2016? Sen. Bob Menendez, for one. In his AIPAC speech Monday, Menendez successfully alchemized his disagreement with fellow Democrats over Iran sanctions into favor with the pro-Israel crowd. But aside from the fact that he has never really publicly entertained the idea of a presidential run, Menendez now has criminal corruption charges to deal with.
And then there are the lawmakers who fall into the Obama camp; the younger members of Congress who may have their eyes on 2020 or 2024 but could take a gamble and strike out on their own a cycle early. To throw out a few names: Amy Klobuchar? Kirsten Gillibrand? Cory Booker? Mark Warner? Julián Castro? These suggestions may sound unserious, but they are a pretty thorough roster of the Democratic bench. If Clinton's campaign somehow implodes, Democrats have no contingency plan.
(RELATED: More Security Fears Surround Clinton's “Homebrew” Email Server)
Perhaps what the Democratic Party needs as a Clinton alternative is a nonpolitician, something like what Ben Carson or Carly Fiorina are offering on the Republican side. Maybe Democratic recruiters need to look outside the Beltway to Silicon Valley. At that point, the name game turns into word association, with few big names, save maybe Sheryl Sandberg, showing any signs at all wanting to get into politics.
There are still many, many people out there who want nothing more than to see another Clinton in the White House. That was on full display during Clinton's appearance at an EMILY's List gala Tuesday night. Between groups like Ready For Hillary and Correct the Record, there is an entire cottage industry devoted to helping Clinton before she declares an official campaign. On Tuesday, both Correct the Record and Media Matters—two pro-Clinton groups under the same corporate umbrella—were sent into a flurry flacking against the email story and, by extension, against The New York Times.
It's still early. Polling at this point in the cycle is hardly predictive. Obama could get more popular, thus raising Clinton's stock. The Republicans could nominate Ross Perot by accident. The ghost of Ronald Reagan could appear to Erick Erickson in a dream and convince him to endorse Clinton.
Nothing is decided. But if Hillary Clinton doesn't start defining herself against the narrative her opponents are putting forth, she can't expect to sleepwalk her way back to the White House. And Democrats can't afford to wait for her (and her staff) to wake up.
Draining the life out of yourself in the gym and being on top of your »
How much protein per day do you really need to put on muscle? Or help »
To understand the sculpting of the body in its most perfect form, is to understand »
Mind-muscle connection. What it is, and why you need it »
Recent Posts »
Want Boulder Shoulders? Incorporate Holds! Who doesn't want big, powerful shoulders? Often times the shoulder muscles reign supreme in defining the aesthetics of an individual's physique. Not only are they indicative of strength, but developed shoulders provide the width Read More »
Greek Yogurt: A Rich Protein Source Finding sources of protein to meet your daily protein needs is no easy task, especially when you're the type of person that needs variety to avoid going insane. Although fish, meat, and eggs are Read More »
Aesthetically Pleasing: Chapter 4 (Don't Weightlift, Bodybuild!) Perhaps the easiest way to begin this article is to acknowledge there are two groups of people that go to the gym (generally). There's the individual most focused on power lifting and strength, and Read More »
Low Carb: Worth a try? There's no easy way to burn fat, but for some a low carb diet might be the best solution. Learn if it works for you! Read More »
Navartia The S-80, clearly computer-generated.
One of Spain's largest defense splurges may also be one of its most embarrassing. After spending nearly one-third of a $3 billion budget to build four of the world's most advanced submarines, the project's engineers have run into a problem: the submarines are so heavy that they would sink to the bottom of the ocean.
Miscalculations by engineers at Navantia, the construction company contracted to build the S-80 submarine fleet, have produced submarines that are each as much as 100 tonnes (110 US tonnes) too heavy. The excess weight sounds paltry compared to the 2,000-plus tonnes (2,205 US tonnes) that each submarine weighs, but it's more than enough to send the submarines straight to the ocean's floor.
Given the mistake, Spain is going to have to choose between two costly fixes: slimming the submarines down, or elongating them to compensate for the extra fat. All signs point to the latter, which will be anything but a breeze—adding length will still require redesigning the entire vessel. And more money on top of the $680 million already spent.
Spain's defense ministry, the government arm responsible for overseeing the project, has yet to say how much the setback will cost in both time and money. But Navantia has already estimated that its mistake will set the project back at least one or, more likely, two years. And the Spanish edition of European news site The Local reported that each additional meter added to the S-80s, already 71 meters in length, will cost over $9 million.
It's a costly mistake on many fronts. The state-of-the-art submarines were meant to be the first entirely Spanish-designed and built. Incompetence is likely going to cost the country at least some of the glory. Electric Boat, a subsidiary of US-based technology firm General Dynamics, has already evaluated the project and could be hired as a consultant to save the job.
Another bailout for Spain. This is getting all too familiar.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
C++ Runtime for Windows 8 Store apps
Background
If you have shipped software built using Visual C++, you probably have had to think about deploying C++ Runtime DLLs. If your binaries dynamically link to the C++ Libraries, then your desktop apps probably deploy C++ Runtime using VCRedist, merge modules or by copying C++ Runtime DLLs alongside your own binaries. In this blog post, we are going to look at how this problem has been addressed for Windows 8 Store apps that are written entirely using C++ or contain some components written using C++.
Windows 8 App packages and deployment
Windows 8 has reimagined the deployment model for Store apps. As a developer, you don't write routines to install or uninstall your Windows Store app. Instead, you package your app and submit it to the Windows Store. Users acquire your app from the Windows Store as an app package. Windows uses information in an app package to install the app on a per-user basis, and ensures that all traces of the app are gone from the device after all users who installed the app uninstall it. There are more details about this new model here.
Having a uniform deployment model simplifies the lives of app developers and having a single trusted source of apps in the form of the Store, provides greater confidence to the end-users. This in turns helps the ecosystem.
C++ Runtime package
Usually an app package is a fully contained, self-sufficient unit of deployment that contains all binaries, resources, assets etc. of your app. But there are times when you need to express dependencies on some external components such as the C++ Runtime DLLs. In order to provide this functionality, we have created a special package called the C++ Runtime package. This package is special in the sense that it is a Windows Component Library which other packages can depend on and which can be shared by multiple packages. This package contains all the C++ runtime DLLs relevant for Windows Store apps. If an app package specifies a dependency on the C++ Runtime package then at runtime, the app is able to load the C++ Runtime DLLs from the dependency package.
If you use Visual Studio 2012 to create your C++ app package, then VS automatically introduces a reference into your app's AppXManifest.xml which basically expresses a dependency on the C++ Runtime package.
The C++ Runtime packages are already on the Store. So when you upload your C++ app (with a C++ Runtime dependency) to the Store, the Store is smart enough to associate your app with the latest C++ Runtime package version. Now whenever an end-user downloads your app from the Store, they also get the C++ Runtime package along with your app. The dependency package is downloaded only if it is not already present on the end-user's machine or the version number on the end-user's machine is less than the latest dependency package on the Store.
C++ Runtime Extension SDK and Dependencies
In order to express C++ Runtime dependency for C++ apps and to mimic the same runtime behavior on developer's machines as would be seen on the end-user's machines, we make use of the new Visual Studio Extension SDK mechanism.
If you look under the folder “Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v8.0\ExtensionSDKs” on your machine, you will see a list of SDKs that your Windows Store apps can take advantage of using the Visual Studio “Add Reference” feature. For example, if I create a C++ Windows 8 Store project in VS, and invoke the “Add Reference” dialog, here is what it looks like on my machine:
You will notice that although the above mentioned folder contains an entry called “Microsoft.VCLibs” (which is basically the Extension SDK for C++ Runtime), it is not listed in the “Add Reference” dialog. This is because when you build a C++ project, VS automatically inserts a reference from your project to the Microsoft.VCLibs SDK.
So what really happens as a result of adding this SDK reference?
A couple of things:
1) When you build your app, the AppxManifest.xml file (that describes the properties of your package to Windows) automatically gets a dependency on the C++ Runtime package. If you look at the AppxManifest.xml file for your app package, you will see a section like the below:
<Dependencies>
<PackageDependency Name=”Microsoft.VCLibs.110.00″ MinVersion=”11.0.50727.1″ />
</Dependencies>
This basically means your app package now requires that before it installs, a package with the name of Microsoft.VCLibs.110.00 (the C++ Runtime package) and at least a version of 11.0.50727.1 (the Visual Studio 2012 RTM version) must also be installed on the machine.
2) If you were installing this app from the Store, then as described earlier, Store will automatically push down the dependency package also. However, when you just want to debug the app on your developer machine, Visual Studio sees that your project has a reference to the Microsoft.VCLibs SDK so it knows that at runtime (when you hit F5 to run your app), it needs to deploy the C++ Runtime package (found at “Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v8.0\ExtensionSDKs\Microsoft.VCLibs\11.0\AppX\Retail\x86”) along with your app. This way the runtime behavior is similar to what would be seen on an end-user's machine.
If you examine the contents of the folder “Program Files (x86)\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v8.0\ExtensionSDKs\Microsoft.VCLibs\11.0\AppX”, you will notice that it contains both debug and release packages for all architectures. Depending on the configuration of your project (debug or release), VS inserts the dependency on the appropriate C++ runtime package (debug or release). The debug packages are only meant for debugging purposes (used at F5) and are not uploaded to the Store. Which means that any app package expressing a dependency on the debug C++ Runtime package will not be accepted during Store submission.
Non-C++ apps and C++ Runtime Package
A great thing about Windows 8 Store apps is that it is really easy to build hybrid apps in which different components of the apps can be written in different languages and can talk to each other easily using the Windows Runtime technology (see here for an example).
Let's say you create a Visual Studio project for building a Windows Store app using .NET or JavaScript. Now in the same solution you can add a C++ component project to perform some computation intensive job. When you add a reference from the main app project to the C++ component project, VS automatically detects that your overall app depends on a C++ component (which at runtime will need the C++ Runtime DLLs). So it inserts a dependency on the C++ Runtime package inside your app.
There are some scenarios in which you are writing an app using .NET or JavaScript and you want to use a component written using C++. However, you don't have a Visual Studio project for this C++ component, but only the binaries and metadata which you will add to your app package manually. But these C++ component binaries will need the C++ Runtime DLLs. In such scenarios, you can directly add a reference from the main app project (.NET or JavaScript) to the C++ Runtime Package using the “Add Reference” dialog as shown below:
As you can see, in this case the C++ Runtime Package is listed as an option since it is not automatically referenced by the HTML/JavaScript app.
You will probably notice that in most cases, you as a Windows 8 Store app developer have to rarely think about the C++ Runtime. It is mostly handled for you by Visual Studio and by the Store. As always, we are happy to receive any feedback you might have about the above solutions. We are always looking to improve both the libraries functionality and the deployment process.
Thank you
Raman Sharma
So, I started this wiki over a year ago and it's time I walk away.
Yeah, I know. Probably a shocker. I still love this franchise but I'm getting burned out on working on this wiki. As an admin, I've had to deal with some pretty nasty things that have happened in this fandom, and it's getting less and less worth it to hang around. On top of that, after one hacking indecent with wikia here, someone someone managed to get some personal information on me and started harassing me irl due to my position here. And this wiki ain't worth it, even if it means caving to some piece of human trash that apparently has nothing better to do with their time than harass me. Such a pitiful life. (And don't worry. Everything is sorted out. Just always be sure to change your passwords whenever you have a security breach and use two-phase login whenever you can.)
Anyway, life irl is moving forward too. I'm about to defend my thesis and I'll be graduating soon and I need to start looking for a career... And I just need to live a little. I'm on this wiki a lot and it's been a passion project of mine. Even when I stepped down for a while, I still observed silently things that were happening. And I'll probably still be around. Just not near as much. The passion is gone and there are just things here I don't want to deal with anymore. I have no plans to take up my position again after today.
I know Psychobilly stepped down recently, and after I started getting harassed, I'm the one who went to her and said its wasn't worth it anymore with her thinking along the same lines. Being in our positions made us targets for people who loathe this fandom. So, this day has been planned for a while. I just wanted to get past the Halloween update so we could quickly get through whatever madhouse that would bring. I know it's scary that I'm the second admin to leave within a month, but don't worry. You'll be in good hands.
But I'm done now. I have better things to do in life. And I know some people will love the fact that I'm leaving. But you know what?
Peace ;3
EDIT: ONE LAST THING! I wanted to state that, even with all the crap I've had to put up with on here, it hasn't been a thankless job. So thank you to everyone who gave me your help and support over the last year or so!
Welcome back to Top Shelf Prospects. We continue previewing the CHL for the 2013-14 season, going East to West across the country. After looking at the Maritime division this morning, we move on to the QMJHL's East Division. As always you can check out the previous Top Shelf Prospects articles here.
The QMJHL East Division should be one of the best divisions in Junior hockey this year. Going into the year, I would not be surprised to see the QMJHL champion emerge from this division, the question now is who as there are at least three clubs who could contend for the title if things fall their way. While the top 3 clubs seem to be a step ahead of the rest, there isn't a really weak club in this six team bunch, and it should make for an interesting and competitive year.
Top Contenders
Rimouski Oceanic: The Oceanic come into the season looking for redemption after falling in the first round of the 2013 playoffs. With 100 point scorer Peter Trainor leading an offence that also features Scott Oke, and Toronto Maple Leafs first rounder Frederik Gauthier; the Oceanic should be able to put the puck in the net. Add in a defence that is led by Flyers first rounder Samuel Morin and Jets prospect Jan Kostalek. Meanwhile in goal there is Dallas Stars second rounder Phillipe Desrosiers who led Canada to the Under 18 Champtionship last spring. This is a well rounded squad who can do it all and that is why many, including this analyst are putting their money on the Oceanic to win this year's QMJHL President's trophy and head to London for the Memorial Cup. The Oceanic will face challengers though, such as our next two clubs.
Baie-Comeau Drakkar: The Drakkar had the second best record in the QMJHL last year, went all the way to the President's Cup Final, losing to powerful Halifax Squad, and return much of their team in 2013-14. Given all of this, they should be primed to give the Oceanic all they can handle this season. Upfront the Drakkar will be led by Los Angeles second rounder Valentin Zykov, Sharks second rounder Gabryel Paquin-Boudreau, Predators 4th rounder Felix Girard and Montreal Canadiens 6th rounder Jeremy Gregoire. On the blueline the Drakkar return their top four of Gabriel Verpaelst, Alexandre Chenevert, Julien Lepage and Dominic Poulin. Its an experienced bunch and should provide plenty of support in front of goaltender Philippe Cadorette, who also proved his worth last season. This is another well rounded team and the battles with the Oceanic are something to look forward to this season.
Quebec Remparts: The Remparts begin life without Patrick Roy behind the bench, and in the GM's chair this season. Philippe Boucher takes over behind the bench and the former Oceanic general manager has the QMJHL experience to get the job done. He inherits a strong club featuring Lightning second rounder Adam Erne, Ducks second rounder Nick Sorensen, Rangers third rounder Anthony Duclair, Kurt Etchegary, and incoming Leafs prospect and import Fabrice Herzog. The group combines to form one of the deeper offensive clubs in the league. On the blue line, veteran Dillon Donnely, a former Avalancher pick combines with 2012 Flames 5th rounder Ryan Culkin to form a strong one-two punch. Duncan MacIntyre and Cody Donaghey are youngsters on the blueline who have a lot of potential and could be drafted this year. Roy has of course left the squad in strong shape between the pipes with Senators prospect Francois Brassard returning. He's one of the QMJHL's top goalies.
Players to Watch
Samuel Morin, Defence, Rimouski Oceanic: The Philadelphia Flyers first round draft prospect is a giant at as he is already listed at 6'7″. Morin is an imposing physical specimen at the back end who plays a strong defensive game, using his size and physicality in his own zone. Morin throws big hits and battles hard in front of the net and along the boards. He is not afraid to drop the gloves either and with his size, its no surprise that he has been very successful when doing so. Morin's size literally makes him a man amongst boys in the junior ranks. Flyer scouts and fans will be watching to see if Morin can develop an offensive game this season. There is some untapped offensive potential that hasn't shown up in Morin's stats yet. He has a hard slapshot. If he can keep it low and on net, it can become an effective weapon for him from the point. Morin is also very poised with the puck on his stick. He keeps his head up and makes good crisp passes out of his own zone, allowing his team to start the rush. If he can take this first pass ability and translate it to handling the puck in the offensive zone, he could be a real offensive weapon.
Frederik Gauthier, Centre, Rimouski Oceanic: The Toronto Maple Leafs first rounder is another giant on the Oceanic. Listed at 6'04″ and 219 lbs, Gauthier towers over most of his opponents and can often times look like a man amongst boys out on the ice. Gauthier has shown to be very strong along the boards and in front of the net. Especially good on the cycle, Gauthier is yet another powerforward in the making. He wins a ton of battles, and protects the puck extremely well, which extends plays and buys him time to set up teammates. He has good vision and can thread the needle on his passes out of the cycle game, setting up teammates with great scoring opportunities. Gauthier can also score goals on his own by taking the puck hard to net, or by utilizing his hard, accurate wrister and good release. For a big guy, Gauthier also shows really impressive skating with good top end speed and acceleration.Gauthier is also well-balanced and powerful, which allows him to protect the puck while fighting off checkers, and power through his man. Gauthier shows a good two-way game, in fact he was a finalist for the Guy Carbonneau award, given annually to the best defensive forward in the QMJHL. He wins faceoffs, and is a strong backchecker. He understands the game, and is able to diagnose plays and use his long stick and big frame to break them up. If there is a criticism, It's that I'd like to see him throw more big hits given his size and strength advantage at this level.
Charles Hudon, Left Wing, Chicoutimi Sagueneens: A fifth round draft pick of the Montreal Canadiens in 2012, Hudon fell based on concerns about his skating and size. He silenced the critics last year though with a very impressive year in the QMJHL and by making Team Canada for the World Juniors. Unfortunately a back injury suffered in a pre-tournament practice took him out of tourney before it could begin. Hudon has shown that concerns about his skating were greatly over-stated and that he's able to produce with his great stickhandling, passing, shooting, and most of all hockey sense. He's also shown an ability to play a gritty two way game. Hudon should be a member of Team Canada's junior team this year. However when he returns from Sweden he may not be a member of the Sagueneens as it is likely that the team will trade their captain as it is his final year of junior and Chicoutimi seems to be building a club for the future, not this season.
Valentin Zykov, Right Wing, Baie-Comeau Drakkar: The Kings secon- rounder, Zykov, is a big forward (listed at 6'1″ 215 lbs) who plays with a gritty edge and is developing into a potential power forward. He goes to the net very hard and knows what to do when he gets there. He has great hands in tight and can make slick moves, tip in shots, or bury rebounds. A natural goal scorer Zykov also has a strong wrist shot and quick release. Zykov also works extremely hard in the corners, winning board battles, and playing a gritty, physical game. Zykov is very strong on the puck and protects it extremely well in the cycle game. He uses his body to shield off checkers and is strong on the puck and rarely knocked off of it by contact. He does have some decent vision and passing skills and can set up teammates off the cycle, but his biggest strength is as a goal scorer. His skating is unorthodox and his speed needs work, but he has good agility, and great balance and power that allow him to fight through checks and to drive to the front of the net with power.
Adam Erne, Right Wing, Quebec Remparts: A second round pick of the Tampa Bay Lightning, Erne is a power forward in training who plays a very physical game. He loves to get in on the forecheck and throw big hits, the type that can really set the tone for his team. He just loves to win battles on the boards and to fight for position in front of the net. Erne is at his best when he drives the net and uses his soft hands to beat the goalie in close. He can do this by taking defenders wide off the rush, or in the cycle game by just fighting through checks and barreling his way to the crease. He drives the net effectively without the puck as well. Erne also has a good wrist shot and a quick release which he can also use to beat goaltenders. His vision and playmaking ability have vastly improved this season, and he has shown off his ability to set up teammates for good scoring chances. Erne is already advanced in his defensive game and is reliable in his own zone. He brings the same strong physical play in the defensive zone as well as the offensive zone. Most times he plays his position extremely well, keeping his man to the outside and cutting off shooting and passing lanes. The only issue he can sometimes have is getting a little overzealous in his approach and looking for the big hit which will get him out of position in the defensive zone.
Brandon Whitney, Goalie, Victoriaville Tigres: A 2012 pick of the Chicago Blackhawks, Whitney will be relied upon by the Tigres to keep them in many games this year. He's probably the best goalie in a division that seems full of top notch netminders. At 6'05″ Whitney possesses the ideal size that NHL teams are looking for more and more in goalie prospects. He is a huge goalie who covers a lot of the net. This is especially apparent when Whtiney drops down into the butterfly, as he is still able to cover the upper portions of the net. Whitney is not a pure butterfly goalie however, as he plays more of the hybrid style. He has excellent positioning and is almost always square to the shooter. He also comes out of his net and cuts down angles extremely well. In this way he's able to maximize his size and take away a large portion of the net from shooters. Whitney has excellent lateral mobility for a goaltender his size, as he glides quickly and effortlessly from post to post. This enables him to make saves on cross ice passes, and one timer opportunities. Whitney tracks the puck very well and possesses good anticipation. His rebound control is above average for a goalie his age. Given that it is his final year of junior, he could become trade bait at the QMHL Trade deadline, as the Tigres are a decent club, but not a true contender.
2015 NHL Draft Eligible Players to Watch
The division isn't really full of high 2014 NHL Draft prospects, but it does have two guys who project to be amongst the top prospects available in 2015.
Nicolas Roy, Right Wing, Chicoutimi Sagueneens: Drafted 1st overall by the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles in this spring's QMHL draft, Roy refused to report to the team. His family cited educational concerns and wanted the 16-year-old to remain with a team in La Belle Province. A few weeks ago the Sagueneens won the bidding war for Roy, trading three future first round picks to Cape Breton for the talented youngster. The 6'3″ Roy is seen as a future power forward with a strong shot, and a powerful skating stride. He is also said to have top notch hockey sense and is expected to develop into an effective two way wingers going forward as well. It will be interesting to see how he does with the Sags.
Anthony Beauvillier, Centre, Shawinigan Cataractes: Anthony was chosen second overall in the QMJHL draft and will join his brother Francois Bauvillier in Shawinigan. He has great stickhandling skills, and excellent vision and playmaking abilities. Add to this a strong shot and a good release, and the quick and strong skating to put it all together and be a real offensive force in the QMJHL. He's a little undersized at just 5'9″ right now, but he is just 16 and has two full years to grow before it is time to go to the NHL draft. With a bit of a growth spurt in that time, and living up to his offensive potential, he could be a high draft pick in 2015.
Thanks for reading. Please give our Hockey Department a follow-on Twitter – @crimsonskorpion, @TheHockeyMitch, @theTQ21, @LastWordBigMick, @CMS_74_, @dasimonetta, @Larry_Scotti, @evan_lacey, @lastwordBKerr, @ddmatthews, @CanuckPuckHead, and @LastWordOnNHL, and follow the site @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
There are plenty of Black History Month book lists to teach you about Rosa Parks or Martin Luther King Jr. or the March on Washington and any other notable figures or milestones your teachers chose to lionize in your obligatory school-wide February assemblies.
This is not one of those lists.
Here you will find books by black authors that rarely get the shine they deserve — books that showcase the inventiveness and probing curiosity of the diaspora's sharpest creative minds, featuring underappreciated works by well-known writers and unique, often surprising perspectives you didn't know you needed in your life.
You might learn something. You might see a new perspective. You might realize you have been missing something essentially all along. You might get so woke you will start to make people uncomfortable. In any case, you'll never be bored by the offerings listed below.
Here are 29 of the most relentlessly interesting Black History Month books you probably didn't get assigned in school:
1. My People Are Rising: Memoir of a Black Panther Party Captain by Aaron Dixon
The life and times of a Black Panther leader as he navigates the treacherous streets of... Seattle? That's right, Seattle. The fact that you've probably never read a story about black political radicalism in the Pacific Northwest is only part of why you should check out this unique memoir.
2. 1996 by Gloria Naylor
A fictionalized memoir about the author's trip to St. Helena, an island in the South Atlantic, where she is subject to an absolutely terrifying campaign of surveillance and all-out psychological warfare at the hands of a former U.S. government operative.
3. Passing by Nella Larsen
What, you ask, is the protagonist "passing" as? A white person, it turns out — even though she is black and living in the 1920s Chicago and New York. Passing fictionalizes the social and psychological toll that pretending to be what you are not takes on you, and the book grows increasingly grim and murder-y as it rolls along.
4. Parable of the Sower by Octavia E. Butler
What if there was a person whose ability to feel empathy was so acute an entire religion formed around her? This is the idea behind sci-fi queen Octavia Butler's classic, which traces the journey of its 18-year-old protagonist through a dystopian American future.
5. I Love Myself When I Am Laughing... and Then Again When I Am Looking Mean and Impressive by Zora Neale Hurston, ed. Alice Walker
Arguably the best book title ever, which is fitting, considering its subject. This is basically an extended close read of the Harlem Renaissance master's essays, short stories and book excerpts — all guided by Alice Walker, also one of the brilliant black authors of our day.
6. This Nonviolent Stuff'll Get You Killed: How Guns Made the Civil Rights Movement Possible by Charles E. Cobb Jr.
It's as provocative as it sounds. Cobb's history book explores the often-ignored flip side of the celebrated nonviolent wing of the civil rights movement: armed struggle, especially as enacted by blacks in the Deep South during the 1960s.
7. How to Slowly Kill Yourself and Others in America by Kiese Laymon
This piercing, lyrical essay collection was a classic from the moment it dropped in 2013, exploring topics ranging from Kanye West's complex relationship with women to the author's own experiences with violence — all in the context of a nation seemingly hell-bent on destroying black bodies.
8. Ebony and Ivy: Race, Slavery and the Troubled History of America's Universities by Craig Steven Wilder
What better time than now to explore the ugly, tangled relationship between America's Ivy League schools and slavery — the bloody economy on which many of them built their wealth, all while pumping out "research" that justified the institution and its accompanying racial inequities?
9. The Ways of White Folks by Langston Hughes
Legendary poet Langston Hughes dips his pen into the world of short stories for this brutal, unflinching look at race relations in the U.S. during the Great Depression.
10. Negroland: A Memoir by Margo Jefferson
A singular, revealing, skillfully assembled look at a subset of society that's rarely committed to paper: That of the middle class, black Chicagoans during the mid-20th century.
11. The Light of the World by Elizabeth Alexander
Alexander wrote and recited the poem that was broadcast around the world as part of President Obama's inauguration in 2009. But her searing 2015 memoir details a much more intimate endeavor: navigating life, marriage and the sudden death of her husband, an Eritrean civil war survivor who became a chef and artist in the U.S.
12. The Known World by Edward P. Jones
It's hard to argue this didn't get the shine it deserved — it won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, after all — but the Mic committee insisted that Jones' novel about black slaveowners in pre-Civil War Virginia be included on this list regardless. This book had a remarkable impact.
13. God's Trombones: Seven Negro Sermons in Verse by James Weldon Johnson
Johnson reimagines seven black church sermons as poems, breathing vivid new life into the storied cultural tradition and import of the black church.
14. A Small Place by Jamaica Kincaid
Kincaid's biting and expansive essay looks at the impact of colonialism on her homeland of Antigua.
15. The Palm-Wine Drinkard by Amos Tutuola
A book unlike anything you've read before, this outlandish, mesmerizing Nigerian tale about a lush who embarks on a journey to resurrect the dead man who used to make his palm wine is as fun to read as it is difficult to forget.
16. Die Nigger Die! by H. Rap Brown
Come for the arresting title, but stay for the story that follows: This is the forceful, dizzying memoir of H. Rap Brown, a former leader of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee who's currently serving a life sentence in prison for the shooting of two Fulton County, Georgia, sheriff's deputies in 2000.
17. Beneath the Underdog by Charles Mingus
A relentlessly creative memoir more than worthy of its author — Charles Mingus, the legendary jazz double bassist who, over the course of his life, became as well-known for his temper as he was for his music.
18. The Evidence of Things Not Seen by James Baldwin
The incomparable Baldwin shifts his gaze to the city of Atlanta, where a string of child murders in the late 1970s and early 1980s laid bare a darker side of the noted black mecca.
19. All About Love: New Visions by bell hooks
Hooks is one of the premier feminist scholars of this or any other era, and her piercing examination of how to find love in a society that fails to teach us how is one of her more surprising and brilliant offerings.
20. No Telephone to Heaven by Michelle Cliff
A restless, globe-hopping meditation on race, colonialism, politics and mythology, all rooted in the history of the author's ancestral home: Jamaica, which gets one of its more memorable novelistic treatments in Cliff's book.
21. Men We Reaped by Jesmyn Ward
Ward's memoir, which looks at the deaths of five men close to the author in her hometown of DeLisle, Mississippi, is another one that's been widely acclaimed. It is a vivid look at the toll of racism and poverty on black America and is too important to keep off this list.
22. Atlanta: Hip-Hop and the South by Michael Schmelling and Kelefa Sanneh
Sanneh's insightful words are the perfect complement to Schmelling's vibrant, colorful photographs documenting the culture that has proven inseparable from the identity of black Atlanta since the 1990s: hip-hop.
23. Revolutionary Suicide by Huey P. Newton
A forceful but often overlooked classic from the late civil rights era, this sharply written, surprisingly idealistic memoir details the early days of Huey P. Newton's life in Oakland, California, where he co-founded the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense along with his friend Bobby Seale in 1966.
24. Destined to Witness: Growing Up Black in Nazi Germany by Hans J. Massaquoi
The title says it all. Perhaps no more strikingly singular memoir about life under the Third Reich exists than this story by a former managing editor of Ebony magazine, who grew up in Hamburg during the 1930s and 1940s with his white German mother during Hitler's rule.
25. Zami: A New Spelling of My Name by Audre Lorde
Lorde's poetic and inventive coming of age tale about growing up black and lesbian in late 1950s Harlem remains one of her most personal and beloved works.
26. The Farming of Bones by Edwidge Danticat
A tense, bracing novel about a Haitian woman in the Dominican Republic who falls in love with a field worker against the backdrop of Rafael Trujillo's ruthlessly violent dictatorship.
27. They Came Before Columbus: The African Presence in Ancient America by Ivan Van Sertima
Using historical documents and eye-opening archaeological evidence, Van Sertima builds a remarkably convincing — if widely disputed — case that black West Africans visited the so-called "New World" long before Christopher Columbus did. It may not be true, but it's fascinating nonetheless.
28. Black Panther: The Revolutionary Art of Emory Douglas by Emory Douglas
The Black Panthers relied heavily on building an iconic visual presence, and few people had more impact on shaping it than Emory Douglas, the organization's in-house illustrator. Behold his striking multimedia artwork, collected in one book for the world to see.
29. Paradise by Toni Morrison
It's hard to argue that anything written by the legendary Toni Morrison is "underappreciated," but her 1997 novel about fugitive women who find solace and community on the outskirts of an all-black Oklahoma town stands among her most towering works.
The internet promised open markets, delivered rigged ones, then fake ones, then outright monopolies
Markets don't solve all our problems, but they sometimes produce remarkably efficient systems for producing and distributing goods, and the internet traded on that promise with marketplaces like Ebay (anyone can sell, anyone can buy); Google (anyone can publish, anyone can read), and Amazon (one marketplace where all goods are transparently priced and ranked).
But over time, the platforms rigged their marketplaces. Ebay started selling top-ranking slots on its search results; Google went to war against search-spammers and made its algorithms totally opaque to all but the best-funded companies; Amazon starting listing its own-brand (and most profitable) items at the top of its rankings. App stores chose which business models could flourish and then picked the winners.
Anil Dash documents this progression: wide open markets beget rigged markets. Rigged markets, in turn, beget fake markets, like Uber, where prices are fixed, where drivers and passengers aren't allowed to choose one another (or even know how one is assigned to the other), and the long-term costs to society are fully externalized. Uber's not the only fake market: Facebook and Google instant articles force publishers to abandon their own ad brokers in favor of the platforms, who set prices and count clicks without any transparency.
The long game is fully-automated monopolies: Uber is currently spending billions subsidizing an otherwise unprofitable business (their drivers also spend billions subsidizing it!), but it's betting on replacing drivers with robotic fleet vehicles that will self-pilot through streets that have been purged of all competitors thanks to its investors' subsidy of ride prices, which made it unprofitable to compete with it.
Most of the people building these features at these companies don't mean to undermine markets. The coders and designers at companies like Uber and Facebook and all the others are usually well-intentioned and genuinely see their work as benefiting users. In the immediate term, they're not even wrong; being able to easily hail a cab or quickly read a story is a real benefit. But most tech workers, including at the biggest tech companies, are blind to the radical political and social agendas of their companies' owners and investors. Worse, we've lost the ability to discern that a short-term benefit for some users that's subsidized by an unsustainable investment model will lead to terrible long-term consequences for society. We're hooked on the temporary infusion of venture capital dollars into vulnerable markets that we know are about to be remade by technological transformation and automation. The only social force empowered to anticipate or prevent these disruptions are policymakers who are often too illiterate to understand how these technologies work, and who too desperately want the halo of appearing to be associated with “high tech”, the secular religion of America.
Tech and the Fake Market tactic
[Anil Dash/Medium]
(via 4 Short Links)
(Image: Penn and Teller)
Computing has developed at an amazing pace over the last few decades, but even today's computers are essentially glorified calculators, says Dr Dharmendra Modha. The founder of IBM's Cognitive Computing Group wants to change that. He wants our computers to think more like humans.
Modha and his team are designing a cognitive computing chip and software ecosystem inspired by the human brain. It would consume far less power and space than today's computers and could power everything from search and rescue robots in hazardous environments to intelligent buoys which float on ocean waves, predicting tsunamis or warning of oil pollution.
The idea, part of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (Darpa) project called SyNAPSE, involves a global team of experts working across neuroscience, nanoscience and supercomputing to build this complicated system. Modha spoke to BBC Future at his laboratory in Almaden, California about how this approach could change the way our computers see the world.
If you would like to comment on this video or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
Twitter doesn't normally discuss the circumstances surrounding a suspension, but we've reached out regardless and will let you know if it has something to say. However, this follows shortly after Twitter expanded its abuse reporting letting you flag hateful tweets targeting people based on race, ethnic groups and other demographics, whether or not they're targeted at you. Tequila may not have been singling people out, but her posts weren't exactly promoting cultural acceptance and compassion.
It won't be surprising if bans like this continue. Twitter's reluctance to combat trolls may have cost it an acquisition bid from Disney, among other suitors. The last thing it needs is a verified user whose very presence on the service makes Jewish and non-white people feel unwelcome. While the ban won't allay questions about Twitter's support for freedom of expression, it's important to remember that this a private business. It has no obligation to host speech it doesn't like, especially if that speech intimidates other users and ultimately hurts its bottom line.
Feeling too laid-back lately? Have you noticed that your summer body has long gone? If the answers to both questions is a yes, then you must start exercising right now!
Being overweight should not be taken for granted. Your immunity may show signs of gradual defect. You cannot achieve physical fitness that you once had during the high-school time. And the worst thing is that your unfit condition may negatively affect your productivity.
But reducing weight is not an easy business, and everybody knows that. Working out too hard will get you exhausted. Dieting too strict will make you starving and weak. It is vital to understand how to deal with overweight the smart ways.
Keeping a Journal of Exercise
First, keep a book to record your fitness progress. The key to a successful transformation is a gradual improvement. You will only harm your body if you overdo things. Keeping a journal can prevent you from overwhelming yourself while appreciating little achievements.
In this context, your goal is a leaner waist. Then, your journal must contain a table of waist measurement. Take notes of every change each week. If you exercise routinely, there will be size reduction each week. Try to be content with the small difference that you achieve on your own, and surprise yourself with how much fat you lose by the end of the year.
Maintaining the Diet Correctly
This article suggests that you maintain the diet, not reduce it. The first principle to remember is not to starve yourself. Eat many times but in small portions. This habit allows you to burn calories efficiently without experiencing the ‘berserk' mode. It is the redemption phase of your body to get calories as much as possible after they have been depleted during the starving period.
You may notice significant weight loss in just a few weeks by starving yourself. But later on, it will become more and more difficult to control the hunger. And in the end, the possibility for you to overeat increases exponentially.
During the diet, it is best if you consume recommended supplements. Our body does not produce all the nutrients we need. And sometimes, we cannot afford to get them from natural sources.
Not everyone can and have the time to cook.
Exercising the Efficient Way
The first rule of exercising for weight loss is to do cardio workouts eighty percents of the time. You cannot get ripped if you have not reduced your fat percentage below ten percents. Weight-lifting during a weight loss program is just useful for strengthening the muscles, but not yet to sculpt them.
Second, forget those boring cardio exercises, such as using the stationary bike or treadmill. They do not condition your calf to adapt to natural terrains. Go outside and jog. Moreover, you can diversify your cardio training with cycling and swimming. Hike a mountain or ride through the uphill with your bicycle to make your workout more adventurous.
BOSTON -In a first-of-its-kind study, an international team of neuroscientists and robotics engineers have demonstrated the viability of direct brain-to-brain communication in humans. Recently published in PLOS ONE the highly novel findings describe the successful transmission of information via the internet between the intact scalps of two human subjects - located 5,000 miles apart.
"We wanted to find out if one could communicate directly between two people by reading out the brain activity from one person and injecting brain activity into the second person, and do so across great physical distances by leveraging existing communication pathways," explains coauthor Alvaro Pascual-Leone, MD, PhD, Director of the Berenson-Allen Center for Noninvasive Brain Stimulation at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) and Professor of Neurology at Harvard Medical School. "One such pathway is, of course, the internet, so our question became, 'Could we develop an experiment that would bypass the talking or typing part of internet and establish direct brain-to-brain communication between subjects located far away from each other in India and France ?'"
It turned out the answer was "yes."
In the neuroscientific equivalent of instant messaging, Pascual-Leone, together with Giulio Ruffini and Carles Grau leading a team of researchers from Starlab Barcelona, Spain, and Michel Berg, leading a team from Axilum Robotics, Strasbourg, France, successfully transmitted the words "hola" and "ciao" in a computer-mediated brain-to-brain transmission from a location in India to a location in France using internet-linked electroencephalogram (EEG) and robot-assisted and image-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) technologies.
Previous studies on EEG-based brain-computer interaction (BCI) have typically made use of communication between a human brain and computer. In these studies, electrodes attached to a person's scalp record electrical currents in the brain as a person realizes an action-thought, such as consciously thinking about moving the arm or leg. The computer then interprets that signal and translates it to a control output, such as a robot or wheelchair.
But, in this new study, the research team added a second human brain on the other end of the system. Four healthy participants, aged 28 to 50, participated in the study. One of the four subjects was assigned to the brain-computer interface (BCI) branch and was the sender of the words; the other three were assigned to the computer-brain interface (CBI) branch of the experiments and received the messages and had to understand them.
Using EEG, the research team first translated the greetings "hola" and "ciao" into binary code and then emailed the results from India to France. There a computer-brain interface transmitted the message to the receiver's brain through noninvasive brain stimulation. The subjects experienced this as phosphenes, flashes of light in their peripheral vision. The light appeared in numerical sequences that enabled the receiver to decode the information in the message, and while the subjects did not report feeling anything, they did correctly receive the greetings.
A second similar experiment was conducted between individuals in Spain and France, with the end result a total error rate of just 15 percent, 11 percent on the decoding end and five percent on the initial coding side.
"By using advanced precision neuro-technologies including wireless EEG and robotized TMS, we were able to directly and noninvasively transmit a thought from one person to another, without them having to speak or write," says Pascual-Leone. "This in itself is a remarkable step in human communication, but being able to do so across a distance of thousands of miles is a critically important proof-of-principle for the development of brain-to-brain communications. We believe these experiments represent an important first step in exploring the feasibility of complementing or bypassing traditional language-based or motor-based communication."
###
Study coauthors include Romuald Ginhous, Alejandro Riera, Thanh Lam Nguyen, Hubert Chauvat, and Julia L. Amengual.
This work was partly supported by the EU FP7 FET Open HIVE project, the Starlab Kolmogorov project, and the Neurology Department of the Hospital de Bellvitge.
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center is a patient care, teaching and research affiliate of Harvard Medical School, and currently ranks third in National Institutes of Health funding among independent hospitals nationwide.
0
Production is nearing the end on Mission: Impossible 5 in London, with the film's new July 31st release date looming closer. Writer/director Christopher McQuarrie (Jack Reacher) has been pretty vocal on Twitter throughout filming, interacting with fans and sharing some updates here and there—most recently when reports swirled that the ending of the film was being retooled.
As filming is almost over, McQuarrie took to Twitter earlier today and participated in a spontaneous Q&A re: Mission: Impossible 5. He was refreshingly forthcoming about the production, revealing why certain characters aren't returning, discussing the film's tone, and more—all the while keeping the plot and such in the bag. Most excitingly, McQuarrie says the official title and a trailer will be coming “very soon”.
Since McQuarrie addressed a number of responses, I've compiled a list of some of the bigger beans the filmmaker spilled below, followed by a few select tweets. Here's some of what we found out:
The ending of the movie did not have to be rewritten or reshot, it had to be prepped. That's what they're filming right now.
The subtitle and trailer are coming soon.
Ghost Protocol star Paula Patton and Mission: Impossible 3-star Maggie Q were unavailable to return.
star and star were unavailable to return. Composer Joe Kraemer (Jack Reacher) is “playing with something retro, of course” for the score.
(Jack Reacher) is “playing with something retro, of course” for the score. When asked if we'd get another great McQuarrie shootout, he responded “Kind of. Trust me.”
Those expecting the film to be old school “won't be disappointed.”
Nods to the original “abound.”
Sean Harris is indeed playing the film's villain.
is indeed playing the film's villain. We will see more of Jeremy Renner 's Agent Brandt, Ving Rhames has more screentime than he did in Ghost Protocol, and Simon Pegg 's Benji “gets his hands plenty dirty.”
We will see more of 's Agent Brandt, has more screentime than he did in Ghost Protocol, and 's Benji “gets his hands plenty dirty.” The film will have the feel of an episode of the old show.
We'll know from the trailer what McQuarrie wanted to do in this story that hadn't been done in other M:I stories.
There will be some score-less action scenes as in Jack Reacher and McQuarrie's first film, The Way of the Gun .
. There are specific Brian De Palma references.
references. McQuarrie broke his personal record for footage shot.
As a huge fan of McQuarrie's work, Tom Cruise, and the Mission: Impossible franchise, I can't wait to see what the team has put together here. Luckily we don't have to wait long. For more info on the film, check out a few of McQuarrie's tweets below, and stay tuned for the trailer in the coming weeks.
No. We had to prep it. Shooting it now. “@48fps: @chrismcquarrie Did You really have to reshoot the ending? #McQAndA” — ChristopherMcQuarrie (@chrismcquarrie) March 7, 2015
@Anotherfilmnerd we were aiming for Ghost Protocol but Mission has a life of its own and goes where it wants. #McQAndA — ChristopherMcQuarrie (@chrismcquarrie) March 7, 2015
@jimreordereilly I'm not ashamed to admit many writers have helped on this movie. Directing takes up all my time. #McQAndA — ChristopherMcQuarrie (@chrismcquarrie) March 7, 2015
@DmytroPuyda we're always in a hurry. Now we're in a big f'in hurry. #McQAndA — ChristopherMcQuarrie (@chrismcquarrie) March 7, 2015
Enviros ask Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren for FERC investigation
Marie Cusick Bio Recent Stories As the Harrisburg reporter for StateImpact Pennsylvania, Marie Cusick covers energy and environmental issues for public radio stations statewide. She's also part of NPR's energy and environment team, which coordinates coverage between the network and select member station reporters around the country. Her work frequently airs on NPR shows including Morning Edition, All Things Considered, and Weekend Edition. Since 2012, Marie has closely followed the political, social, environmental, and economic effects of Pennsylvania's natural gas boom. Her work has been recognized at the regional and national levels– honors include a Sigma Delta Chi Award from the Society of Professional Journalists and a national Edward R. Murrow Award from the Radio Television Digital News Association. Previously, Marie was a multimedia reporter for WMHT in Albany, New York and covered technology for the station's statewide public affairs TV show, New York NOW. In 2018, she became StateImpact's first FAA-licensed drone pilot.
Marie Cusick / StateImpact Pennsylvania
Editor's Picks
Dozens of environmental groups and activists from the Northeastern U.S. sent a letter to Democratic Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren this week, asking for an investigation into the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). The agency is charged with siting and approving much of the nation's pipeline infrastructure.“We're asking for an investigation of FERC and their process because it's shady,” says Tim Spies of Lancaster Against Pipelines. “They're rubber stamping everything.”In the letter, the groups call FERC “a demonstrably biased agency that has become a partner with, rather than a regulator of, the pipeline companies it purports to oversee.”The letter asks presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to request that the Government Accountability Office conduct an investigation. The two Democrats serve on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.A FERC spokeswoman declined to comment.Industry groups have countered that pipelines are needed to unleash a bottleneck of gas that has developed in the wake of the shale boom. For example as New England has become increasingly reliant on natural gas for its electricity, the region has seen volatile prices in recent years , partly due to uncertainty around its gas supply.Sanders' office says it has received the letter and is reviewing it. Warren's office did not immediately respond.
Using ZeroMQ from Clojure
I'm quite the JVM noob with only 6 months of Clojure experience, and no prior JVM experience. After some hacking and tweaking, I managed to figure out how to use ZeroMQ from Clojure via Leiningen (the build tool). ZeroMQ is a native library that is packaged in a Java API via JNI, so the steps required weren't obvious to me.
These steps are slightly opinionated, but they should be easily modifiable if your opinion differs from mine.
Step 0: Install ZeroMQ
Do it! My development box is currently a Mac running OS X, so I used Homebrew. Your package manager of choice probably has a package for ZeroMQ you can use.
Step 1: Configure and build JZMQ
git clone git://github.com/zeromq/jzmq.git cd jzmq ./autogen.sh ./configure --prefix=$HOME/myproject/jzmq-2.1.0-SNAPSHOT make make install
The actual path you specify with --prefix should be to the same folder as where you intend to put your Leiningen project. You'll see why that is in a second.
These steps are also basically copied from the README at https://github.com/zeromq/jzmq.
Step 2: Install the jar you just built into your local maven repo
mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=org.zeromq -DartifactId=jzmq \ -Dversion=2.1.0-SNAPSHOT -Dpackaging=jar \ -Dfile=$HOME/myproject/jzmq-2.1.0-SNAPSHOT/share/java/zmq.jar
Leiningen hates free floating jars, but installing the jar into your local maven repo (typically ~/.m2) fools Leiningen into thinking it isn't actually a free floating jar.
Note that this jar has a relationship to the dynamic libraries you built with the "make" above, so you can't put this jar into a shared repository. The jar is local to your machine.
Step 3: Set up Leiningen
(defproject myproject "1.0.0" :dependencies [[org.clojure/clojure "1.4.0"] [org.zeromq/jzmq "2.1.0-SNAPSHOT"]] :profiles {:dev {:jvm-opts ["-Djava.library.path=../jzmq-2.1.0-SNAPSHOT/lib"]}} ...)
As you can see, we assume you put JZMQ into the same folder as your leiningen project, by referring to it via "../". This has two benefits:
You don't hardcode the absolute path into your project.clj. The actual path of a default JZMQ install will differ from system to sytem. Some might have it in /usr/local, some in $HOME/.brew/whatever, and so on. With a relative setup, you don't enforce any specific directory structure other than requiring that zeromq is in the same folder as your Leiningen project.
You get the specific version of JZMQ your project requires. If you use an absolute path, say /usr/local, you risk getting a different version of JZMQ than you intended, since you might have installed it into /usr/local via a package manager that might or might not install the version you expect it to.
Step 4: Use it!
lein repl ... user=> (import [org.zeromq ZMQ ZMQ$Context ZMQ$Socket]) org.zeromq.ZMQ$Socket user=>
Most Clojure wrappers around Java APIs are just, well, Clojure wrappers, so I prefer to use the Java APIS directly in almost all cases, unless the Clojure wrapper adds some value beyond just wrapping. Java interop is really easy with Clojure though, I recommend trying it out.
Questions or comments?
Feel free to contact me on Twitter, @augustl, or e-mail me at august@augustl.com.
A smooth 3D tilt javascript library forked from Tilt.js (jQuery version)
Right click → Save as
Easy way
<body> <div class="your-element" data-tilt></div> <!-- at the end of the body --> <script type="text/javascript" src="vanilla-tilt.js"></script> </body>
More options
<div class="your-element" data-tilt data-tilt-max="50" data-tilt-speed="400" data-tilt-perspective="500"></div>
All options with defaults
{ reverse: false, // reverse the tilt direction max: 35, // max tilt rotation (degrees) perspective: 1000, // Transform perspective, the lower the more extreme the tilt gets. scale: 1, // 2 = 200%, 1.5 = 150%, etc.. speed: 300, // Speed of the enter/exit transition transition: true, // Set a transition on enter/exit. axis: null, // What axis should be disabled. Can be X or Y. reset: true // If the tilt effect has to be reset on exit. easing: "cubic-bezier(.03,.98,.52,.99)", // Easing on enter/exit. glare: false // if it should have a "glare" effect "max-glare": 1, // the maximum "glare" opacity (1 = 100%, 0.5 = 50%) "glare-prerender": false, // false = VanillaTilt creates the glare elements for you, otherwise // you need to add .js-tilt-glare>.js-tilt-glare-inner by yourself "mouse-event-element": null // css-selector or link to HTML-element what will be listened mouse events // you need to add .js-tilt-glare>.js-tilt-glare-inner by yourself gyroscope: true // Boolean to enable/disable device orientation detection, gyroscopeMinAngleX: -45 // This is the bottom limit of the device angle on X axis, meaning that a device rotated at this angle would tilt the element as if the mouse was on the left border of the element; gyroscopeMaxAngleX: 45 // This is the top limit of the device angle on X axis, meaning that a device rotated at this angle would tilt the element as if the mouse was on the right border of the element; gyroscopeMinAngleY: -45 // This is the bottom limit of the device angle on Y axis, meaning that a device rotated at this angle would tilt the element as if the mouse was on the top border of the element; gyroscopeMaxAngleY: 45 // This is the top limit of the device angle on Y axis, meaning that a device rotated at this angle would tilt the element as if the mouse was on the bottom border of the element; }
JS Way
The youngest MPP in Ontario history is being challenged for his seat just months after being elected. Progressive Conservative Sam Oosterhoff, who won the Niagara West-Glanbrook byelection last November, faces a nomination battle Tuesday against party vice-president Tony Quirk.
Progressive Conservative MPP for Niagara West-Glanbrook, 19-year-old Sam Oosterhoff during question period at Queen's Park in February. Oosterhoff is being challenged for his seat just months after being elected. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star file photo )
“I'm not sure why Tony is running quite frankly. I was surprised. He was my co-chair of my campaign during the last election,” said Oosterhoff, 19. “I like to say that one of my best endorsements was Tony's endorsement so it's interesting,” added the rookie MPP. Oosterhoff insisted he's “not taking anything for granted,” but said he's pleased to have the backing of Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown and other caucus mates in the contest.
Article Continued Below
Quirk, 46, finished fourth behind the teen in last October's Niagara West-Glanbrook nomination. The Niagara regional councillor and veteran PC operative, now enjoys the support of some of those who last fall voted for runner-up, Rick Dykstra, the Tory party president. “Sam is a nice young man. He's intelligent, he's hardworking – I give him all that – and I was happy to support him in the byelection,” said Quirk. “But in 2018, we're going to be forming government,” he said. “We, as a party, have an obligation to present a slate of candidates who are qualified – with the business, personal, and life experience necessary to make the decisions that are going to affect the people of Ontario.”
Brown, for his part, said he is “supporting all my incumbents” even though he and Quirk are long-time friends. “I expect Sam to win his nomination,” said the Tory leader.
Article Continued Below
If Quirk prevails in the vote at the West Lincoln Fairgrounds on Tuesday night, Oosterhoff stressed he would “absolutely” continue to sit as a PC MPP until the next election. Asked if he would run as an independent next year if he loses the Tory nomination, he said: “Absolutely not. I'm supporting my party.” The boundaries of Niagara West-Glanbrook, which had been represented by former PC leader Tim Hudak until last fall, are being changed due to riding redistribution. Quirk and Oosterhoff, who won a resounding 54 per cent of the vote in the November byelection, are squaring off in the new constituency of Niagara West, where both reside.
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) on Thursday objected to a deal on passing a one-week stopgap government funding bill, citing concerns about ongoing negotiations over a larger spending agreement.
Schumer said there were still unresolved "poison pill riders" being worked out on a longer spending deal that would fund the government through Sept. 30.
"Our position has been clear, and it's nothing new: no poison pill riders. The sooner we can resolve this issue, the quicker we can have an agreement on appropriations for 2017, so I object," he said from the Senate floor.
He added that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) has been "cooperative and extremely helpful" but Democrats want to work on the remaining hurdles to a long-term deal before they can agree to pass the short-term continuing resolution (CR).
ADVERTISEMENT
McConnell had asked for unanimous consent — which requires the agreement of every senator — to allow the Senate to automatically approve the one-week CR once it passes the House on Friday.
"Colleagues, it's my understanding that the four corners who are working on the omnibus appropriation are very, very close to agreement. We still need a few days to process the larger bill," McConnell said from the Senate floor ahead of his request.
He added that Republicans were "prepared to clear" the stopgap funding bill, but Schumer objected.
The House on Wednesday night introduced the one-week bill to fund the government through May 5. The move is intended to give leadership more time to finalize and process an agreement on a full-year deal.
Schumer has pointed to concerns about environmental regulations, Dodd-Frank protections and rolling back healthcare as outstanding issues on the long-term talks.
Lawmakers have until Friday night to pass the stopgap bill in order to avoid a shutdown.
The Senate is poised to return Friday at 11 a.m.
McConnell's office noted that Republicans have all signed off on the CR, and it could pass either by unanimous consent or by a voice vote if Democrats sign on.
McConnell added after the back-and-forth on the floor on Thursday that if lawmakers don't pass the CR, thousands of miners and their families will lose their healthcare — a top concern for Democrats.
But Schumer said they could pass the stopgap measure if "the Republican leader of the Senate, the speaker of the House, just agree to no poison pill riders."
This researcher may have discovered the antidote to health bullshit A big, new experiment shows it's possible to train kids to detect dubious health claims.
Researchers from Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda, Norway, and England developed curricula — a cartoon-filled textbook, lessons plans — for schoolchildren on how to instill critical thinking skills at an early age.
Andy Oxman is obsessed with the study of bullshit health claims and how to prevent them from spreading.
For decades, he's been trying to find ways to get adults to think critically about the latest diet fads, vaccine rumors, or “miracle cures.” But he realized these efforts are often in vain: Adults can be stubborn old dogs — resistant to learning new things and changing their minds.
So Oxman, now the research director at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, started to wonder whether the best hope for bullshit prevention lay with children. To put this idea to the test, back in 2000 he visited his then-10-year-old son's class.
“I told them that some teenagers had discovered that red M&Ms gave them a good feeling in their body and helped them write and draw more quickly,” Oxman said. “But there also were some bad effects: a little pain in their stomach, and they got dizzy if they stood up quickly.”
He challenged the kids to try to find out if the teens were right. He split the class into small groups and gave each group a bag of M&Ms.
The children quickly figured out they had to try eating M&Ms of different colors to find out what happens, but that it wouldn't be a fair test if they could see the color of the M&Ms. In other words, they intuitively understood the concept of “blinding” in a clinical trial. (This is when researchers prevent study participants and doctors from knowing who got what treatment so they're less likely to be biased about the outcome.)
In a short time, they were running their own blinded, randomized trials — the gold standard for testing medical claims — in the classroom. By the end of their experiment, Oxman said, “They figured out that there was little if any difference in the effects of the different colors and they asked me if the teenagers who made the claim really believed that.”
The little classroom visit convinced Oxman he had to start schooling people in the ways of bullshit detection early in life.
So he began working with other researchers from around the world to develop curricula — a cartoon-filled textbook, lessons plans — on critical thinking skills aimed at school children.
In 2016, Oxman tested the materials in a big trial involving 10,000 children from 120 primary schools in Uganda's central region.
The results of the trial were published in the Lancet, and they showed a remarkable rate of success: Kids who were taught basic concepts about how to think critically about health claims massively outperformed children in a control group.
This means Oxman now holds the best blueprint out there for how to get young people to think critically and arm them with the tools they need to spot “alternative facts” and misinformation. His work brings us closer to answering that important question that haunted him — the one that should haunt all of us who care about evidence and facts: How do you prevent fake news and bullshit from catching on in the first place?
How researchers taught kids to spot “alternative facts” about health
One indispensable reading for anyone interested in evidence-based thinking in health is Testing Treatments (downloadable for free). The basic idea behind the book, as the book's co-author Sir Iain Chalmers put it, is that "you don't need to be a scientist to think critically and ask good questions." In plain language, he and the book's co-authors explain concepts people need to understand in order to sort reliable health advice from nonsense.
Building on the M&M experiment, in 2012, Oxman asked Chalmers whether they might adapt concepts from the book and try to teach them to primary school children in Uganda. (Oxman already had strong ties to Uganda, where he'd been leading a World Health Organization project to bring more research evidence to policymaking.)
With the book, the researchers had a template for the kinds of things they could teach. And they knew this exercise of inculcating skepticism in children, while uncommon in high-income settings, was even rarer in a developing country like Uganda, where pseudoscientific medical advice can spread with abandon, just as it can in the US.
The researchers, along with others from Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda, Norway, and England, worked to identify the most important ideas a person would need to grasp to think critically about health claims, including:
Just because a treatment is popular or old does not mean it's beneficial or safe. New, brand-name, or more expensive treatments may not be better than older ones. Treatments usually come with both harms and benefits. Beware of conflicts of interest — they can lead to misleading claims about treatments. Personal experiences, expert opinions, and anecdotes aren't a reliable basis for assessing the effects of most treatments. Instead, health claims should be based on high-quality, randomized controlled trials.
They also drew up lesson plans and collaborated with teachers in Uganda to make materials that would resonate with local schoolchildren. Allen Nsangi, a Ugandan researcher and co-investigator on the trial, told me that a big part of that process involved mining local medical myths.
For example, she said, "Some people have been told to use locally available stuff like cow dung [on burns] — it's almost the best known treatment." (Spoiler alert: It doesn't work.)
Other medical myths come with heavy costs, she added. "Some of the immunization campaigns have been sabotaged because of claims to do with infertility for the future." Worried parents end up skipping shots for their children. Rumors have also spread that people should replace their antiretroviral therapies for HIV with herbal supplements.
Ultimately, the researchers put together a guide for teachers and cartoon-filled reading and exercise books for students.
"We are trying to teach children that stories are usually an unreliable basis for assessing the effect of treatments," Nsangi explained. The kids learned to watch out for conflicts of interest — like whether the person promoting a certain health claim has a financial stake in it — and to recognize that all treatments carry both harms and benefits and that large, dramatic effects from a treatment are really, really rare.
The researchers didn't stop there. They also wanted to know whether their work would actually improve children's ability to assess health advice, so they designed a randomized controlled trial.
The trial ran during the second school term — from June to September 2016 — on more than 10,000 fifth-graders, mostly ages 10 to 12. Half of the kids got the lessons, and half didn't.
At the end of the trial, students in both groups were tested to see whether their understanding about the reliability of health claims improved. Oxman and the other researchers evaluated their results in the Lancet study.
More than twice as many children in the intervention schools (where kids received the lesson plans) achieved a passing score on the test compared with those in the control group. The average score on the test for the intervention schools was 62.4 percent compared with 43.1 percent for the control schools — a difference of about 20 percent.
And about one-fifth of the children had a test score indicating they mastered the key concepts (getting more than 20 of 24 answers correct) compared with less than 1 percent of the kids in the control schools.
So on every measure, the children who participated in the study outperformed the kids who didn't.
“[The effect] was bigger than we had hoped,” said Oxman. “It shows that without any training, most kids are not able to put the findings to assess claims.” It's also the first published trial finding that it's possible to teach children as young as 10 how to critically appraise health claims — skills Oxman believes are “widely applicable” beyond Uganda.
Separately, the researchers also created a podcast on critical thinking concepts for parents, and tested that approach in another randomized controlled trial, also published in the Lancet. They were successful here as well: Nearly twice as many parents who listened to the podcast series passed a test on their understanding of key health concepts compared with parents in the control group.
The studies are remarkable: They can be read as a recipe book for how to turn children (and their parents) into bullshit detectors. Or, as Chalmers put it, to empower them to “detect bullshit when bullshit is being presented to them.” If other educators and policymakers find ways to apply these teachings in their own schools and communities, the potential impact is huge. And with conspiracy theories swaying elections, public health losing the battle against anti-vaccine campaigners, and “alternative facts” being presented as evidence, the findings couldn't be more timely.
The new science of preventing the spread of bullshit
There have been other attempts to understand whether teaching kids to think critically works, but there's very little research focusing specifically on health or on teaching these skills early in life.
The Uganda study, which was mostly supported by the Research Council of Norway, was big enough to detect meaningful differences in the critical thinking abilities between the groups of children.
Children studying from an earlier version of the Informed Health Choices textbook at one of the Ugandan pilot schools.
Sarah Rosenbaum/Informed Health Choices
But the study did come with limitations — for example, it's well known that when an outcome measure (like the multiple-choice tests the kids took in the randomized trial) aligns with the intervention, it can bias the results.
It's also possible that kids would know how to answer the questions in the test, but not how to apply those concepts in real life. As Hilda Bastian, a health researcher at the National Institutes of Health, said, “It doesn't matter what we know, if we don't apply it in real life. Knowledge has to kick in when it's needed. It has to over-ride other influences and impulses.”
Still, independent researchers who read the study were impressed by its rigor and size. “I'm pleasantly surprised with their results,” said Stanford University professor John Ioannidis. “It's an interesting observation, and it's at a minimum reassuring. Yes, these kids can learn [critical thinking].”
Ioannidis has also become convinced that the best hope for bullshit prevention lies in early childhood education, since waiting to teach people the standards of evidence-based thinking late in life doesn't always work. “We need to start early on, to make people understand that basing decisions on fair tests, on science, on evidence is important,” he says.
But whether you believe the results of the Lancet trial is sort of beside the point. The trial brings us closer to understanding how to prevent bullshit from taking off and how to arm children with the skills needed to protect themselves from misinformation in the future. That's something schools everywhere should pay attention to.
"My hope," Oxman said, "is that these resources get used in curricula in schools around the world, and that we end up with the children ... who become science-literate citizens and who can participate in sensible discussion about policy and our health. ... I'm looking to the future. I think it's too late for my generation."
With Oxman's help, maybe we'll see fewer patients harmed by unhelpful treatments and fewer quacks profiteering off bogus medical advice — and a world with a little less bullshit in circulation.
The Internet's elaborate theory about what happened 48 hours before Paris. (AFP/File)
Follow > Disable alert for Faisal al-Qassem Disable alert for Twitter Disable alert for Reuters Disable alert for Paris Follow >
A conspiracy theory about the Paris attacks is picking up more steam than the rest, beginning with a single tweet posted 48 hours before the events unfolded Friday night.
Here is the tweet.
People online are wondering how a tweet describing the current death toll in the French capital could have come out two days before the actual killings occurred.
The answer is a strange mix of incredible coincidence and dumb luck. The account (now suspended) was a bot, automatically creating headlines using the tweets of a real news account called PZFeed Breaking News Feed (@pzf). The bot essentially grabbed parts of old tweets by @pzf and combined them to make fake headlines. These are the two tweets it grabbed to create the conglomerate tweet published on November 11:
BREAKING NEWS: Death tolls from Paris terror attack rises to at least 12 - Reuters — Breaking News Feed (@pzf) January 7, 2015
AFP: Death tolls from Nigerian mosque attack rises to at least 120 with 270 others injured http://t.co/fa9Q7aRZHx — Breaking News Feed (@pzf) November 28, 2014
These are both real headlines published by a legitimate news source. But one refers to a Nigerian mosque attack last November that killed 120 people and injured 270, while the other is about the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris earlier this year.
It also doesn't help that the names of both the actual news source and the bot account are so similar—PZFeed Ebooks vs. PZFeed Breaking News Feed.
It could be compared to the age-old question of whether a monkey left alone with a typewriter would eventually write the entire works of Shakespeare.
Previous tweets from the handle show a stream of irrationally combined headlines, just like the one this week. The amount of times the bot used the same death toll with different events should give you an idea of how it works, and how likely it was that one day it would combine both events. (Screenshots via Twitter)
Most of the world became familiar with the Twitter spam bot with one, glorious account called Horse_Ebooks that sprouted up in 2010. The handle rose to Internet infamy with nonsensical quips seemingly pulled from other sites. Here's an example.
a man or woman turning their kitchen into an art studio. Life is short to let s make the most of it while we are here You will know about — Horse ebooks (@Horse_ebooks) September 7, 2013
So deeply did Horse_EBooks tickle the millennial heart that when the New Yorker outed its creator as a human—not a bot—Twitter kind of changed forever. It even inspired the birth of many actual bot accounts under the same, EBooks name.
Perhaps that should have tipped people off to the news on PZFeed Ebooks. But it didn't.
Instead, retweets, screenshots and suspicion abound from fringe and respected news voices alike—including Al Jazeera Arabic host, Faisal al-Qassem—proving that sometimes the biggest coincidences touted by conspiracy theorists on the Internet are actually just that.
هذا الحساب نشر عن تفجير باريس وعدد القتلى والجرحى قبل الهجوم ب 48 ساعة. ادخلوا على حسابه للتأكد pic.twitter.com/gcBjv93wyA — فيصل القاسم (@kasimf) November 15, 2015
my newest fear: PZFeed Ebooks — james (@dark_bIue) November 14, 2015
By Kane Hippisley-Gatherum, Alisa Reznick
In the first part of this interview series with Art Garfunkel, the great singer/songwriter gave us perspective on the recent passing of his long-time friend and mentor, Mike Nichols. Nichols had directed Garfunkel in two movies in the early 1970s – Catch-22 and Carnal Knowledge – and worked with him on the soundtrack of The Graduate in the late 1960s.
Here, we discuss the tune that changed forever Garfunkel's life, and that of his songwriting partner Paul Simon. The Sound of Silence was originally released in October 1964 on the Wednesday Morning, 3 AM album, Simon & Garfunkel's first. The song, like the LP, wallowed in obscurity until it was rereleased with changes in January of 1966, when it reached No. 30 on the Billboard charts.
In a brand-new CD set, Simon & Garfunkel - The Complete Albums Collection, The Sound of Silence is featured no less than nine times. Following are edited excerpts from what Garfunkel remembers about the original recording of that sixties anthem.
Jim Clash: Of the versions of Sound of Silence on the new CD set, which do you prefer?
Art Garfunkel: I think the best of them all is not so much the original, nor the hit with the [electric] overdubs, the pop tune that changed my life. There are 11 CDs in this new package and the best is 1967 Live From New York City. Sixty-seven was the middle of our lucky extraordinary five-year run and when you hear that concert – before Bridge Over Troubled Water and Mrs. Robinson ever existed - we were working in our acoustic way with two voices and one guitar. That was the format - we traveled light. The Sound of Silence from that concert, Jim, that's the sweet one!
JC: Way back, did you know it was going to be a hit right away, or was it just another tune you had recorded?
AG: Somewhere in between, Jim. The words to me were very appealing, and it was one of those melodies Paul wrote that made you feel like ‘we know this song. It's been under our noses all of our lives. Doesn't this already exist?' And so it is with really basic, wonderful stuff. 'It's always been around. Paul just uncovered what was, right?' No he didn't – he wrote it!
JC: Do you remember the very first time you recorded Sound of Silence?
AG: I'm struggling now with memories. It's been so many years. It was 1964. We were in Studio A of Columbia Records on Seventh Avenue around 49th Street. It was their main studio – a big square room, parquet floor, high ceilings, lovely sound. We recorded there the first few years. The room really affects the recording, and this was a beautiful one. It's what gave Scarborough Fair that lovely guitar sound. When Columbia auditioned us in producer Tom Wilson's office, he said, 'Let me set up a demo for you in Studio A. If you put down four tunes, I'll bring them to the powers that be, and I believe Columbia will sign you.' I think Sound of Silence was right there, in that first session. We were just encountering Roy Halee [engineer]– H a l e e – he was setting up the mics. And the company did sign us. Now was that the actual recording they used or did they, after signing us, say, ‘Let's record Sound of Silence for real'? I don't remember.
JC: The later, pop version of Sound of Silence is not just two voices and a guitar – it has electric instruments. What did you think when you first heard that one?
AG: Why not? Nobody expects a hit. Hits are something that happen one in a thousand times. I'm depressed by those odds. It means, ‘forget it Charlie.' So you put things out, you roll the dice, you walk away from the table and let life surprise you. As much as I loved Sound of Silence, it had been out for a year and did nothing. But the Columbia field sales guys, particularly down on the east coast of Florida, knew it was capturing an audience. People were calling in nightly. Like Rocky Horror Picture Show, it became a cult. I didn't know any of that, but it's what led Tom Wilson to overdub the bass, drums and that electric 12-string guitar, the fashionable sound of the season. When I heard the overdub in September of 1965, I basically said put it out – see what happens. And the rest is history.
Part 3: Garfunkel On Relationship With Simon: 'Love' And 'Like Weather In Slow Motion'
Part 4: Art Garfunkel Explains Song Lyrics, How Terribly Strange To Be In His 70s
Part 5: On Ferguson, touring and home life
Part 6: On Hats, Pizza And Harmonies With James Taylor
best moment of smeagol
by
2:30 - 676,541 views
lord of the rings by SONA COM 2:30 - 676,541 viewslord of the rings
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers Soundtrack - 19. Gollum's Song
by
5:54 - 361,369 views
The viewer sees Smeagol aka Gollum debating among his two beings as to what he should do about the Hobbits and the Ring. He cannot live without the Ring, that is clear. But he knows if he betrays the Hobbits he will be sent away. This song is sung by Emiliana Torrini. Her voice lends a beauty to the song, but also showcases Gollum's treachery.
The song and the soundtrack finish up with the majestic Lord of the Rings piece which is a highlight of the three CDs and is played throughout the closing credits that finishes the second film.
Lyrics:
Where once was light
Now darkness falls
Where once was love
Love is no more
Don't say goodbye
Don't say I didn't try
These tears we cry
Are falling rain
For all the lies you told us
The hurt, the blame!
And we will weep to be so alone
We are lost
We can never go home
So in the end
I'll be what I will be
No loyal friend
Was ever there for me
Now we say goodbye
We say you didn't try
These tears you cry
Have come too late
Take back the lies
The hurt, the blame!
And you will weep
When you face the end alone
You are lost
You can never go home
You are lost
You can never go home by jediking12 5:54 - 361,369 viewsThe viewer sees Smeagol aka Gollum debating among his two beings as to what he should do about the Hobbits and the Ring. He cannot live without the Ring, that is clear. But he knows if he betrays the Hobbits he will be sent away. This song is sung by Emiliana Torrini. Her voice lends a beauty to the song, but also showcases Gollum's treachery.The song and the soundtrack finish up with the majestic Lord of the Rings piece which is a highlight of the three CDs and is played throughout the closing credits that finishes the second film.Lyrics:Where once was lightNow darkness fallsWhere once was loveLove is no moreDon't say goodbyeDon't say I didn't tryThese tears we cryAre falling rainFor all the lies you told usThe hurt, the blame!And we will weep to be so aloneWe are lostWe can never go homeSo in the endI'll be what I will beNo loyal friendWas ever there for meNow we say goodbyeWe say you didn't tryThese tears you cryHave come too lateTake back the liesThe hurt, the blame!And you will weepWhen you face the end aloneYou are lostYou can never go homeYou are lostYou can never go home
Shop
» Artist
» High Tides
» High Tides - High Tides (CD)
High Tides - High Tides (CD)
$10.00
$7.00
You save $3.00 (30%)!
From the coastal shores of the mind, by way of the Midwest, comes High Tides, the hazy synth duo of Warren Kroll (Forrest, Dorosoto) and Steven Lutes (Mall Security, Kontyx). Launched in 2011 as an offshoot of their sleazy, acid-electro collaboration as The Red Falcon Projects.
High Tides debut album dives deep into the warm faded memories of yesteryear's romantic getaways to tropical resorts and endless sun-kissed beaches. From the opening track 7 Mile Beach to the album closer The Sunset Tanz, the High Tides story unravels like a distant memory through lush detuned synthesizers, bobbing bass lines and shimmering downtempo beats. Highly recommended for fans of BOC, Freescha, Casino Versus Japan and Black Moth Super Rainbow/Tobacco.
Released in conjunction with Tobacco's RAD CULT label, This limited edition CD comes housed in a 6 panel fold-out digipak case, featuring a slide show of bonus internal imagery not included on the original LP version. limited strictly to 100 physical copies.
• CD version includes two exclusive bonus tracks:
Eruption (High Tides Instrumental Version) and 700 Mile Beach
For audio samples, Vinyl, T-shirts and Digital versions, head over to Rad Cult's bandcamp site here!
The Apple "Think Different" test: CLICK THIS LINK
Quote: Corporate Design Program
In the mid-1950s, Thomas J. Watson, Jr., was struck by how poorly IBM was handling corporate design. He hired design consultant Eliot Noyes to oversee the creation of a formal Corporate Design Program, and charged Noyes with creating a consistent, world class look and feel at IBM. Over the next two decades Noyes hired a host of influential architects, designers, and artists to design IBM products, structures, exhibits and graphics. The list of Noyes contacts includes such iconic figures as Eero Saarinen, Marcel Breuer, Mies van der Rohe, John Bolles, Paul Rand, Isamu Noguchi and Alexander Calder.[39]
Quote: Others, like author Sadie Plant of Zeroes and Ones, considers the Apple logo as homage to Alan Turning, the father of modern computing, who committed suicide using a cyanide-laced apple.
Ever wonder about the origins of the IBM logo?In this post I'll talk a bit about Paul Rand, IBM's design philosophy, Apple logo history, and see how Keyboard companies are doing in the design front. But first it's time to take...You have 5 minutes to type in the last name of all those people (the quiz will autofill in the name if correct).Didn't do so hot? You're not alone. However if you got less than 10/20 you need to get out more. Notice that Paul Rand is dead last of recognized innovators. Let's fix that.It started when I happened to pick up a IBM mug on Ebay. Researching the mug I got interested in the design and found a vintage T-shirt from some company event.And well, one thing led to another.The symbols are known as a Rebus . Paul Rand produced it for a IBM conference. Became so famous it is now at the Museum of Modern Art. Now before IBM became a boring Service and Software company they were the hipster Google of the day. Instead of ping pong tables though it was white shirt and tie. Design was always a big part of IBM culture though. From Wikipedia:The evolution of the IBM logo:is shown in this slideshow. Notice that Paul Rand designed the logo with a new font, City Medium, and later introduced the famous 8 stripe versions you see today (although a few 13 stripers seem to have escaped into the wild on some System 360s ).Then the trick with a monster sized company like IBM is to drive common design elements throughout the product packaging and publicationsHe went on to design:whoops!Paul Rand was most closely associated with IBM but got to know Steve Jobs as part of another Logo design project. The NeXT computer.Front page of the product brochure.Back pageJobs was so impressed by Paul Rand's work that he featured him in one of the "Think Different" ads.And an interview he did about working with Paul Rand at NeXTLogos tend to evolve. Sometimes for the better, sometimes for the worse.Apple? Another interesting history. Or Microsoft?Or Intel?ugh - how bland - designed by committee look. Hey, I LIKED the dropped E.Not IBM. Same Logo today.How is the current state of affairs in the Keyboard world?HHKB - Not all that happy looking. Plus I think NOODLES when I see it.Realforce - Not bad but then I like Times New RomanFilco - Still looks and sounds like a gas stationiRocks - iOwww! iStopit!Unicomp - Ackkkk!!!Paul Rand made a Classic Logo that fits a Classic Keyboard.and a website devoted to his work done by fellow designer. Lenovo used to ship a screensaver (link) with the Thinkpad with the Eye-Bee-M logo.For Firefox there is a Persona here. Most of the things in the picture of mugs/t-shirts/signs etc. I picked up on Ebay. However the T-shirt (with IBM logo on sleeve versus the older version without logo on sleeve), the hoody, the hat and finally a nifty little magnetic bookmark are all available from the IBM Logo Merchandise Store. Just CheckOut like you normally wood and designate yourself a "Business Partner". Tell IBM Paul Rand sent ya.Fun pics from other Flickr users.And finally, a BP Oil Spill Homage.
FSU basketball hosts one of the most explosive players in the country – Dennis Smith Jr. – and the NC State Wolfpack in another ACC battle.
FSU basketball is off to one of the best starts in school history. At 20-4 (8-3 in conference play) the Seminoles are in thick of the running for the ACC regular season title. Now, they play host to one of the best freshmen in college basketball. Dennis Smith Jr. will be a high NBA draft pick in June. He's currently lighting up the ACC on a consistent basis, even though his NC State Wolfpack team is struggling. Will FSU be able to slow him down?
Florida State is coming off back-to-back impressive wins. First, they ended a two-game losing skid by trouncing the Miami Hurricanes in Coral Gables. Then, they followed that up with a complete demolition of the Clemson Tigers. (Does this mean we all feel better about how that football game ended between the two schools? No? Got it.)
Article continues below ...
Now, it's all about keeping the momentum going. The Wolfpack have a superstar in Smith, but as a whole, are not a very good team this season. The ‘Noles should crush them, and do so with ease. Let's get to it. We preview Florida State and NC State.
The Last Time the ‘Noles Took the Court
The Seminoles hosted Clemson in a midday ACC bout on Sunday. The 12:30 PM tip-off time made the game have a sleepy feel to it. At least to the fans, it did. And probably to the Tigers, as well.
FSU, on the other hand, was razor sharp all game long. They shot 66 percent from the floor, and 57 percent from three. Even their free-throw shooting improved. They went 10-of-12 from the foul line. Dwayne Bacon was spectacular. The sophomore scored 29 points on 14 shot attempts, made 6 three-pointers and pulled down three rebounds.
Defensively, the Seminoles were even better. They held the Tigers to 38 percent shooting. Not to mention that they forced more turnovers (22), than they allowed field goals made (21). Up and down, just an incredible showing from FSU, in what was a 109-61 victory. It was a Final Four type of performance.
Opponent Preview
The first thing that has to be mentioned about the Wolfpack, even before their KenPom rating or anything else, is Smith Jr. The freshman was one of the best recruits in America, but unfortunately suffered a torn ACL as a senior in high school. Many wondered if he would lose the athleticism that makes him so special. It turns out, he didn't.
Smith Jr. is averaging 19.2 points per game, to go with 4.6 rebounds, 7.0 assists and 2.2 steals. He's shooting 46 percent from the floor and 39 percent from three. He's explosive, can shoot well enough to keep you honest, and loves to set up his teammates. Smith Jr. is simply the complete package. But even despite his superb play, NC State is having one of their worst seasons in recent memory.
The Pack are 14-10 on the season, 3-8 in ACC play. They have lost eight of their last 11 games. One of the primary reasons for their struggles is their inability (or refusal?) to play defense. KenPom has them pegged as the 214th team in the country in defensive efficiency. That's worse than the likes of Rutgers, Buffalo, and Townson. (KenPom adjusts for strength of schedule, so no, you can't blame that on the conference NC State plays in.)
Their offense isn't much to write home about either. They rank 36th in the country in offensive efficiency, and that number has trended down recently.
One area where FSU can take advantage is in the pace that the Wolfpack play. They average more possessions per game than the Seminoles. Florida State certainly has the athletes and the depth to play an up-and-down style, so that will probably help them break this game open.
I'm calling it now: Look for the home team to break 100 points for the second game in a row.
Point Spread/How to Watch
FSU basketball is a -13.5 point favorite according to Odds Shark. Considering the trajectories that the two teams have taken over the past week, the Seminoles being favored by that much makes sense.
To watch this game, all you have to do is tune into ESPN2 at 7 PM. Nothing left to say but: Go ‘Noles!
This article originally appeared on
Image copyright PA Image caption Julie Walters said the experience of being made a dame was "numbing".
Actress Julie Walters has been made a dame by the Queen in a ceremony at Buckingham Palace.
The Bafta-winning star was named Dame Commander of the British Empire for services to drama.
Dame Julie, 67, has starred in Billy Elliot, Mamma Mia!, Calendar Girls and the Harry Potter films.
She described receiving the honour, almost 35 years after her breakout role in Educating Rita, as "fantastic", adding: "It's not really real."
Midlands Live: Woman honoured for NHS sport blade work; All-female team set off in challenge to walk across Antarctica
Dame Julie, who said she "weeded the garden" in celebration at the news, said: "It was slightly nerve-wracking, 'when do I curtsey?' But everyone is the same.
"It's one of those things where you feel relieved [when you've done it], then you look back and think 'how fabulous'.
"I thought 'I wish my parents were here'."
Image copyright PA Image caption Dame Julie said she "weeded the garden" to celebrate receiving the honour
The star, originally from Smethwick, West Midlands, said she was given special dispensation for a day off from shooting the Mamma Mia! sequel to go to the palace, adding the experience was "numbing".
"The Queen said 'It's so marvellous that you've got this, I'm so pleased' and 'How long have you been doing acting?'
"I said '43 years' and she said 'In so many different things, well done."'
Comparing it to accolades awarded during her career, she added: "It's a different thing, it's the Government and the Queen, it's just a very different feel.
"It's a lovely thing, I can't explain it. The Baftas are fantastic and really important but it is about the business, and this is too but it's also about the country so it's special in that sense."
House Republicans are moving ahead with a bill that would let states use federal unemployment funds to reduce state taxes or take other steps they think will lead to job creation.
Democrats have argued for months that the GOP has not brought a "jobs" bill to the floor. But they are expected to continue to oppose H.R. 1745 — the Jobs, Opportunity, Benefits and Services (JOBS) Act — as it would give states options other than continuing to provide unemployment benefits according to current federal requirements.
ADVERTISEMENT
During a Ways and Means Committee markup of the bill on May 11, ranking member Sandy Levin (D-Mich.) criticized the bill as something that would "end the guarantee of federal unemployment insurance."
The House Rules Committee is preparing to approve a rule for the bill, and might do so this week. But the bill was not on House leadership's schedule for floor consideration as of Monday morning, and given the busy week ahead, it could be pushed off to early June.
Republicans say the bill is designed to give states more choices in how they spend their share of $31 billion in federal unemployment funds, in order to help them better handle their increasingly shaky fiscal situation. They argue that states have paid record high unemployment benefits due to the recession, and have done so through a combination of raising unemployment taxes and borrowing $45 billion from the federal government. The GOP says higher taxes in particular are likely to stunt job creation in states.
Republicans also argue that federal benefits, which now allow extended unemployment payments for up to 99 weeks, are often poorly targeted because different states face different situations.
"For example, in North Dakota unemployment is 3.6 percent, yet the unemployed can collect 60 weeks of benefits, including 34 weeks paid 100 percent by the federal government," House Ways and Means Committee Republicans said in a summary of the bill.
In response to these issues, the bill would "forward fund" federal unemployment funds to states for fiscal 2011 and 2012, and give states more choice in how they can spend these funds. As examples, states could continue offering the same level of unemployment benefits, but could also use the money to reduce their unemployment taxes, or use it in other ways to help promote job creation.
This could involve "demonstration projects" that states could seek to develop in consultation with the Labor Department. The bill sets out a process by which states could apply for and establish demonstration projects.
The funds could also be used to pay back interest or principal on the $45 billion in federal loans that states have received. Republicans cite 11 states that have taken out loans over $1 billion, including California ($11 billion), Pennsylvania ($3.8 billion) and Michigan ($3.2 billion).
But aside from these new flexibilities, the bill would impose new conditions on the use of federal unemployment benefits, most of which are designed to ensure that benefit recipients are actively looking for work.
For example, the bill would require those who are "most likely" to exhaust benefits, such as those without a high school degree, to pursue education and training programs that boost their chances of finding work. The bill also specifies that benefit recipients must be "able to work, available to work and actively seeking work."
Dengue fever is one of the eight pervasive infectious diseases in the Philippines with an annual average of 118,080 reported cases between 2008 to 2012, according to Prof. Donald Shepard of the Brandeis University.
Shepard said this at the Association of Southeast Asian Nation (ASEAN) conference at Clark Freeport, Pampanga, Philippines. The theme of the two-day event was “ASEAN Unity and Harmony: A Key to Combat Dengue. “
In fact, Dr. Shepard also noted that the Philippines is the fourth in dengue burden in Southeast Asia. In 2013, the archipelago reported about 120,000 dengue cases.
However, there is good news coming from the Philippines Department of Health concerning dengue fever in 2014 to date. On the Twitter page of Dr Eric Tayag; Director/Asec Dept of Health it said, “23,867 # dengue cases this year from Jan to May 31 Leesuy adds this is more than 50% reduction compared to 2013 # aseandengueday2014″
This compares to the period of January to June 8, 2013 where the National Epidemiology Center logged in a total of 42,207 cases and 193 deaths due to dengue.
Dengue fever is an infectious disease carried by mosquitoes and caused by any of four related dengue viruses. This disease used to be called “break-bone fever” because it sometimes causes severe joint and muscle pain that feels like bones are breaking.
People get the dengue virus from the bite of an infected Aedes mosquito. It is not contagious from person to person. For more infectious disease news and information, visit and “like” the Infectious Disease News Facebook page
There are three types of dengue fever in order of less severe to most: the typical uncomplicated dengue fever, dengue hemorrhagic fever (DHS) and dengue shock syndrome (DSS). Looking for a job in health care? Check here to see what's available
The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates there may be 50–100 million dengue infections worldwide every year. However, new research from the University of Oxford and the Wellcome Trust, using cartographic approaches, estimate there to be 390 million dengue infections per year worldwide.
“Why did Paul value this gift so much that he engaged in it more than anyone? He was a busy man, so why did he invest so much time speaking in tongues?”
The Power of Praying in the Spirit
by Adam Wittenberg 8/18/16 Prayer 8/18/16Prayer
There is an exhortation in Scripture to pray—and sing—with our spirit and our understanding. “I will pray with the spirit, and I will also pray with the understanding. I will sing with the spirit, and I will also sing with the understanding,” Paul says in 1 Corinthians 14:15.
Singing and praying with our spirit implies using the gift of tongues. This can help release the mysteries of God and ignite our hearts with passion for Him. Praying in the spirit is powerful and enjoyable. However, many people misunderstand the purpose of the gift of tongues and the scriptures that describe it.
Opposition to Questions to Practice
Mike Bickle, director of the International House of Prayer, preached against speaking in tongues in his early ministry. But one verse caused him to question his position.
In 1 Corinthians 14:18, Paul wrote, “I thank my God I speak with tongues more than you all.” This caused Mike to ask, “Why did he value this gift so much that he engaged in it more than anyone? He was a busy man, so why did he invest so much time speaking in tongues?” What Mike soon discovered is that Paul is describing two different types of the gift of tongues—two expressions and two different purposes.
Two Different Types of the Gift of Tongues
The first, in 1 Corinthians 12, is the gift of tongues for the corporate body. This is a gift where a believer speaks in a corporate setting—such as a church service or small group—and then someone interprets what was spoken.
This type of tongue needs to be heard by other people, so that someone with the gift of interpretation can give the meaning (1 Corinthians 12:10; 14:27). This gift edifies the body, allowing the Lord to speak to His people.
Paul is clear that not all believers have this gift: “Do all speak with tongues?” he asks in 1 Corinthians 12:30). Yet in 1 Corinthians 14:5, he says, “I wish you all spoke with tongues.”
Mike explains the apparent contradiction:
There is a difference between the gift of tongues given to a few for the profit of the corporate body when the speaker speaks to men (1 Corinthians 12:7), and the gift of tongues given to all as a devotional prayer language for the profit of the individual who speaks privately to God. (1 Corinthians 14:2, 4)
Personal Prayer Language
The second type of tongues is a personal prayer languages that edifies the one who is speaking. This is what Paul was refering to when he said, “I thank my God I speak with tongues more than you all” (1 Corinthians 14:18).
This edification is interpretation for the speaker's own use. Look at an example in Mike's own words.
Before ministering to a group, I seek to pray in the Spirit to position myself to receive impressions, mental pictures, phrases, and direction from the Spirit to guide and help me. It is good to pray for the interpretation of what you are praying for (1 Corinthians 14:13). As you do, the Holy Spirit may give you insight into what is on His heart for a particular situation.
It is this personal prayer tongue that Paul used frequently, praying to God with his spirit (Ephesians 6:18). This allowed him to “pray without ceasing” (1 Thessalonians 5:17).
Jesus included speaking in tongues as one of the signs that would follow those who believe in Him (Mark 16:17). Believers can receive this gift by asking for it, and are even exhorted by Paul to ask for it, along with the other spiritual gifts (1 Corinthians 14:1).
“As you pray for the release of the gift of tongues, you may simply feel the presence of God lightly, or just a gentle urge to speak out,” Mike says. “I encourage you to speak out the words that come to you and see what the Holy Spirit does.”
Using Tongues
In 1 Corinthians 14:6-33, Paul explains the importance of order for the corporate gift of tongues. He even limits the number of people who can speak openly to two or three, and each in turn, so that the interpretation can come forth (1 Corinthians 14:27). “But if there is no interpreter, let him keep silent in the church, and let him speak to himself and to God” (1 Corinthians 14:28), meaning that believers can always pray quietly in the Spirit as long as they are not disrupting others.
Sometimes in a corporate setting, the room will engage in a time of singing or praying together in the Spirit to build strength, war spiritually, or give joyful praise to God.
These tongues are being spoken to God, not men, and there is no requirement for interpretation—although believers can ask God for the interpretation, since tongues speak mysteries that the Spirit wants to reveal (1 Corinthians 14:2; 14:13).
Enhancing Worship
One of the goals of 24/7 prayer is to worship God from a flowing heart. Praying in the spirit sensitizes our hearts to the things of the Spirit (Jude 20).
“We may not feel anything when we pray in the Spirit, but we should not seek to measure what is happening by what we feel in that moment,” Mike says.
He also teaches not to disengage your mind, but to focus on God's throne in heaven (Revelation 4) and speak directly to the Father, or to speak directly to the Holy Spirit, who dwells inside (Romans 8:9; 2 Corinthians 13:14).
Both singing with our spirit and with our understanding is important in our spiritual life. Paul taught that if we sing to God from our hearts, we would experience God's grace and the Spirit's presence:
Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly . . . teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord. (Colossians 3:16)
One way we are filled with the Spirit is by singing spiritual songs in our heart to the Lord.
“I have discovered the power of spontaneously singing Bible passages to God and intermittently singing in tongues, which often results in the Holy Spirit's touching the deep chambers of my heart,” Mike says.
“Singing the Word impacts our hearts more than just speaking it or hearing others speak it. God designed our heart to be touched deeply by music and singing. As we sing the Word and sing with our spirit, we receive mysteries (impressions from the Holy Spirit) and gain insight from the Word. The Spirit will give us more and more if we will sing the Word and sing with our spirit consistently.”
To join in corporate prayer in our prayer room, which includes times of singing in the spirit, visit ihopkc.org/prayerroom.
If you are seeking a Spirit-filled place to worship God, we invite you to our annual Onething Conference. Join 20,000 young adults in Kansas City this December for four days of worship, prayer, and ministry in the Spirit's power. Worship leaders and speakers include Mike Bickle, Matt Maher, Audrey Assad, Jonathan David and Melissa Helser, and others. Learn more »
To learn more about tongues, watch Mike's teaching “Praying in the Spirit” »
Adam Wittenberg position A Detroit native who was raised in Vermont and Connecticut, Adam worked as a newspaper journalist until 2012, when he moved to Kansas City to complete the Intro to IHOPKC internship. Afterwards, he earned a four-year certificate in House of Prayer Leadership from IHOPU and is now on full-time staff in the Marketing department at IHOPKC. Adam is also active in evangelism and has a vision to reach people everywhere with the good news of Jesus Christ.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Released by the Red Sox last week, outfielder Grady Sizemore has agreed to a minor-league deal with the Phillies.
Todd Zolecki of MLB.com reports that Sizemore will be assigned to Triple-A, where he hasn't played regularly since 2004 as a 21-year-old top prospect for the Indians.
Sizemore's comeback with the Red Sox got off to a great start, but then he went through a two-month stretch hitting .187 with zero homers and a .530 OPS in 43 games.
He hasn't been healthy and effective since 2009, so the odds of Sizemore making a positive impact in Philadelphia aren't very high, but it's possible he could represent an alternative to the struggling Domonic Brown at some point or simply take on a part-time role.
Follow @AaronGleeman
This bill has 5 versions. Select a version to view: Jan 13, 2015: Introduced Jun 25, 2015: Reported by House Committee Sep 28, 2015: Passed the House Sep 29, 2015: Referred to Senate Committee Oct 6, 2016: Passed Congress
Compare to a previous version to see how the bill has changed: (Select Other Version) Jan 13, 2015: Introduced Jun 25, 2015: Reported by House Committee Sep 28, 2015: Passed the House Sep 29, 2015: Referred to Senate Committee
Compare this bill to another bill: (Select Bill) H.R. 5229 (113th) Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2014 (IH) S. 242 Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2015 (ES)
React to this bill with an emoji ··· Save your opinion on this bill on a six-point scale from strongly oppose to strongly support Add Note All Positions » (Shared on panel.)
save for lateradd to cart $9750 jejy.com Jejy is a 12 year old catchy little 4 letter dot com with great potential to be...
save for lateradd to cart $1750 phraso.com What if you wanted the name of your next venture to be short and have the word p...
save for lateradd to cart $2450 kubua.com Solid little potential brand name and great for many uses whether it be a food p...
save for lateradd to cart $3500 Buyish.com Short dot coms that have either the word Buy or Sell contained are always good s...
save for lateradd to cart $1250 glibit.com A Glibit is a little round green sweet that once eaten gives the person an added...
save for lateradd to cart $3750 daysit.com One of the worst feelings in the world is to come home and find out you've been...
save for lateradd to cart $2650 whatzy.com Clever use of the word in the logo and a bargain at $999, I mean what more do...
save for lateradd to cart $2150 bemote.com Great play on the word Remote and solid name that can be used for just about any...
save for lateradd to cart $1450 vuggy.com Vuggy is actually a dictionary word meaning a small cavity in a rock or vein bla...
save for lateradd to cart $1450 partable.com One word dot com and well worth the money especially when you see the prices rea...
save for lateradd to cart $2950 dridy.com Solid little 5 letters dot com name and a good name to use for almost anything. T...
save for lateradd to cart $3550 darple.com Anyone who tries to take on the might of EBAY is either an entrenched genius or...
In the Heartland, Clean Power Draws Praise August 12, 2015
The American Wind Energy Association surveyed 30 newspapers across the country on reactions to the President's Clean Power Plan, developed to fight climate change and promote renewable, clean energy.
Of the 30, only Rupert Murdoch's Wall St. Journal, Reverend Moon's Washington Times, and the troglodytic Detroit News were dissenters – Americans want cleaner air for their communities, and a living planet for their children.
Dallas Morning News:
“Conservatives should be cheering, not fighting this approach. The targets are attainable, and free-market advocates should like a plan built on choices and options…The best part of the plan is that states and utilities will be allowed to customize solutions instead of being forced into a single federal remedy. States are free to cap carbon emissions, expand renewable energy sources or even collaborate. States also have until 2022, two years longer than initially proposed, to begin phasing in pollution cuts to ease the impact of the transition. What is overreaching about a plan that allows each state to decide how best to proceed and gives them 15 years to reach the targets?”
Des Moines Register:
“…[U]tilities are diversifying into renewable energy sources, including wind and solar. Indeed, Iowa is already at least halfway to meeting the EPA 2030 goal in part due to the strong support for wind generation in this state. Des Moines-based MidAmerican Energy says it plans to have a total of 4,000 megawatts of renewable generation capacity by 2017, which the company said could serve “up to 57 percent of its retail energy load”.
Detroit Free Press:
“Several contenders for the Republican presidential nomination have already announced opposition to the plan, warning that it could raise utility bills for consumers in states that rely heavily on coal-fired plants. But Michigan and 34 other states have already increased renewable-energy production without unleashing the rate hikes many clean-energy foes predicted, and the Michigan-based Institute for Energy Innovation argues in a paper released last week that complying with the new rules could actually save utility customers money.”
Tampa Bay Times:
“In Florida, where power plants released 108 million metric tons of carbon pollution in 2013, the cuts could especially help those suffering from asthma, allergies and other illnesses. With Tampa, Miami and other Florida cities already experiencing a surge in the number of 95-degree days, removing these pollutants will result in cleaner air for people, livestock and crops.”
Kansas City Star:
“The laudable goals are healthier air, a lowered risk of climate change and less costly long-term costs of producing power to run America.”
Toledo Blade:
“Ohio, the fifth-largest carbon polluter in the country, will have to reduce its emissions 28 percent below 2012 levels by 2030 — a smaller reduction than many other states will be held to. State regulators will be allowed to create their own plan to achieve that goal, choosing from options such as increasing renewable energy production and trading emissions credits with other states, a market-based system that has drawn bipartisan support.”
Philadelphia Inquirer:
“Opponents of the new emissions plan are calling attention to the jobs in coal and supporting industries that will be lost once the EPA rules go into effect. But a recent Economic Policy Institute analysis indicates that there would be a net gain in employment due to jobs created in the clean-energy and conservation sectors. In other words, instead of fighting the emissions plan, the governors who oppose it should be putting down their bullhorns and picking up their phones to talk new energy companies into coming to their states to help absorb expected job losses. Workers facing unemployment can be retrained for clean-energy jobs, especially in technical fields that could grow significantly. There's no need for this country to act like some dinosaur waiting for climate change to make it extinct. The Clean Power Plan will help accelerate the development of clean, safe, and profitable energy sources that wean us off toxic fuels.”
St. Louis Post-Dispatch:
“A study done at Georgia Tech found that some states will see electric bills go down as utilities move to gas and renewables and aggressively pursue energy efficiencies. Utilities can get greenhouse gas reduction credits without constructing expensive new gas-fired generation stations… In short, this doesn't have to be the economic doomsday scenario…[m]odest, affordable steps can make a difference. New jobs can be created in renewable energy fields. Or we can pander and stall, and present the grandchildren with a real doomsday scenario.”
Akron Beacon-Journal:
“The efficiency standards would help to offset price increases that may arise from compliance. Critics of pollution controls long have issued dire warnings. Yet the record shows the benefits of curbing emissions have far outpaced the costs. The country even has gained from innovations in technology, something job-challenged Ohio should bear in mind.”
The Baltimore Sun:
“The president's plan will create state-based caps on greenhouse gas emissions from power plants that will amount to a 32 percent reduction on 2005 levels by 2030. Though it doesn't explicitly tell states how to achieve that, the plan is expected to strongly encourage state or regional cap-and-trade systems in which a price is set on carbon emissions and polluters are required to buy credits to cover their activities, with the proceeds reinvested in energy efficiency, carbon-free electric generation and rate credits for consumers, among other things. Maryland and eight other northeastern states have been doing that since 2008 through the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, better known as RGGI. Untangling the impact of RGGI on consumers' electric bills would be a difficult task, given that the collaborative's existence has coincided with the shale gas boom, which has driven down the cost of generation, and with the recession, which helped reduce demand. But it is safe to say it has not led to anything like the doomsday the president's critics are predicting.Average electric bills in the RGGI states have declined by 8 percent since 2008during a period when the national average bill has not changed. Whatever the cost of the pollution credits, they have been more than made up for by investments in energy efficiency…And what about the region's economy? A third-party analysis this summer pegged RGGI's benefits at $1.3 billion for the nine states and estimated that RGGI had created 14,000 new jobs.”
Advertisements
The Gravina Island Bridge, commonly referred to as the "Bridge to Nowhere", was a proposed bridge to replace the ferry that currently connects the town of Ketchikan, Alaska, United States, with Gravina Island, an island that contains the Ketchikan International Airport as well as 50 residents. The bridge was projected to cost $398 million. Members of the Alaskan congressional delegation, particularly Representative Don Young and Senator Ted Stevens, were the bridge's biggest advocates in Congress, and helped push for federal funding.[1] The project encountered fierce opposition outside Alaska as a symbol of pork barrel spending and is labeled as one of the more prominent "bridges to nowhere".[2] As a result, Congress removed the federal earmark for the bridge in 2005.[3] Funding for the "Bridge to Nowhere" was continued as of March 2, 2011, in the passing of H.R. 662: Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2011[4][5][6] by the House of Representatives, and finally cancelled in 2015.[7]
Background [ edit ]
According to the Alaska Department of Transportation & Public Facilities, the project's goal was to "provide better service to the airport and allow for development of large tracts of land on the island".[8]
The Ketchikan and Gravina Island Ferry in 2005
A ferry runs to the island every 30 minutes, and every 15 minutes during the May–September peak tourist season. It charges $6 per adult, with free same-day return, and $7 per automobile each way (as of 2015 ).[9]
According to USA Today, the bridge was to have been nearly as long as the Golden Gate Bridge which is 8,981 ft (2,737.4 m) long, and "higher than the Brooklyn Bridge."[10] The bridge would cross the Tongass Narrows, part of Alaska's Inside Passage, so the bridge was designed to be tall enough to accommodate ship traffic, including the Alaska Marine Highway and the cruise ships that frequent Alaskan waters during the summer.
Ketchikan's airport is the second largest in Southeast Alaska, after Juneau International Airport, handles over 200,000 passengers a year or 550 per day, while the ferry shuttled 350,000 people in the same time period (as of December 2006 ).[11]
A number of alternative bridge routes were considered. The decision in September 2004 was actually for two bridges, connecting Pennock Island in the middle, and is known as Alternative F1.[12] The west span of the bridge was designed to have a vertical clearance of 120 feet (37 m), and the east span of the bridge was to have a vertical clearance of 200 feet (61 m).
History [ edit ]
The controversy began with the 2006 National Appropriations Bill, an omnibus spending bill covering transportation, housing, and urban development for the following year. On October 20, 2005, H.R. 3058 [109th] act's first version passed with 93 votes for, 1 against.[13]
On October 21, 2005, Sen Tom Coburn (R-OK) offered an amendment to remove funds for the Gravina Island and Knik Arm bridges, and divert the funds to rebuild a bridge over Lake Pontchartrain that was damaged by Hurricane Katrina. Republican Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska became the object of strong media criticism when he strongly opposed diverting the Gravina and Knik Arm Bridge funds to help in the disaster aid.[14] In his speech on the Senate floor, Stevens threatened to quit Congress if the funds were removed from his state.[15] On November 16, 2005, Congress stripped the specific earmark allocation of federal funds for the two bridges in the final edition of the omnibus spending bill, without changing the amount of money allocated for use by Alaska.[3][16][17] The Coburn Amendment was defeated with a heavy bipartisan majority, with 15 senators in favor of the amendment and 82 senators in opposition.[18]
[19] On September 20, 2006, Sarah Palin visited Ketchikan on her gubernatorial campaign and said the bridge was essential for the town's prosperity.
In September 2006, during her campaign for Governor, Sarah Palin visited Ketchikan to express her support for the Gravina Island Bridge project. At a public forum, Palin held up a pro-bridge T-shirt designed by a Ketchikan artist, Mary Ida Henrikson. The legend on the shirt was "Nowhere Alaska 99901", referencing the buzzword of "Bridge to Nowhere" and the primary ZIP code of Ketchikan. In her public comments, referring to her own residence in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley, she said: "OK, you've got Valley trash standing here in the middle of nowhere. I think we're going to make a good team as we progress that bridge project" in response to an insult expressed by the state Senate president, Ben Stevens.[19]
In October 2006, when asked, "Would you continue state funding for the proposed Knik Arm and Gravina Island bridges?", she answered: "Yes. I would like to see Alaska's infrastructure projects built sooner rather than later. The window is now – while our congressional delegation is in a strong position to assist."[20] Later that month, at a Chamber of Commerce meeting in Wasilla, Alaska, Democratic candidate Tony Knowles criticized Palin for supporting the Knik Arm Bridge, the Gravina Island Bridge, and a road north out of Juneau instead of rebuilding the Parks Highway. The Ketchikan Daily News noted that, of the gubernatorial candidates, "Only Palin is consistent in support all of the projects".[21][22][23][24][25]
During her inaugural address on December 4, 2006, Governor Palin pledged responsible spending.[26] On January 17, 2007, she sent a revised budget to the president of the Alaska Senate that would restrict capital spending and rescinded the $185M state share of the bridge funding.[27]
In August 2007, Alaska's Department of Transportation stated that it was "leaning" toward alternative ferry options, citing bridge costs and the reluctance of Governor Palin to pay the state's match to the appropriated federal funds.[28] A month later, in September 2007, Palin formally canceled the project.[29][30][31] Palin stated:
Ketchikan desires a better way to reach the airport, but the $398 million bridge is not the answer. Despite the work of our congressional delegation, we are about $329 million short of full funding for the bridge project, and it's clear that Congress has little interest in spending any more money on a bridge between Ketchikan and Gravina Island. Much of the public's attitude toward Alaska bridges is based on inaccurate portrayals of the projects here. But we need to focus on what we can do, rather than fight over what has happened.[32][33]
Asked why she initially supported the bridge, Palin's communications director Bill McAllister said, "It was never at the top of her priority list, and in fact the project isn't necessarily dead … there's still the potential for improved ferry service or even a bridge of a less costly design". She changed her mind, he said, when "she saw that Alaska was being perceived as taking from the country and not giving".[34]
The city of Ketchikan has already begun to develop roads and a small amount of infrastructure for Gravina Island's 50 inhabitants. However, residents continue to seek funding for the Ketchikan-Gravina span.[35]
2008 campaign issue [ edit ]
On August 29, 2008, when introduced as Republican presidential nominee John McCain's running mate, Governor Palin told the crowd: "I told Congress, thanks but no thanks on that bridge to nowhere" – a line that garnered big applause but upset political leaders in Ketchikan. Palin's campaign coordinator in the city, Republican Mike Elerding, remarked, "She said 'thanks but no thanks,' but they kept the money." Ketchikan's Democratic Mayor Bob Weinstein also criticized Palin for using the term bridge to nowhere, which she had said was insulting when she was in favor of the bridge.[36]
Although Palin was originally a main proponent of the bridge, McCain–Palin television advertisements claimed that Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere". Palin's Chief of Staff, Billy Moening, has been praised by many Republican strategists for recommending Palin change her stance on the bridge.[37][38] These claims have been widely questioned or described as misleading in several newspapers across the political spectrum.[39][40][41][42] Howard Kurtz called this a "whopper", writing: "She endorsed the remote project while running for governor in 2006, claimed to be an opponent only after Congress killed its funding the next year and has used the $223 million provided for it for other state ventures."[37] Newsweek, commenting on Palin's "astonishing pivot", remarked: "Now she talks as if she always opposed the funding."[43]
McCain also weighed in on the Gravina Island Bridge. In advertisements, McCain labeled the bridge as wasteful spending,[44] and in an August 2007 town hall speech recorded on video[45] and quoted again on April 30, 2008,[46] he blamed the Minneapolis I-35 bridge collapse on the Gravina Island Bridge. His advertising and comments that (before September 21, 2006) contradicted Governor Sarah Palin's support of the bridge drew the attention of the media[47] when he chose Palin as his running mate, opening the ticket to charges of hypocrisy.
While discussing the Gravina Island Bridge during an ABC News interview that aired on September 12, 2008, Charles Gibson made the following comment: "but it's now pretty clearly documented. You supported that bridge before you opposed it. You were wearing a T-shirt in the 2006 campaign, showed your support for the bridge to nowhere." Palin interrupted Gibson and insisted, "I was wearing a T-shirt with the zip code of the community that was asking for that bridge. Not all the people in that community even were asking for a $400 million or $300 million bridge."[48]
Many media groups in the U.S. noted that Palin changed her position regarding the bridges, and concluded that she exaggerated her claim that she stopped the proposals from going through.[49] According to the Los Angeles Times, for instance, while seeking votes for her governorship race, Palin told Ketchikan residents that she backed the "bridge to nowhere"; as governor, she spent the money elsewhere and moved ahead with a $26-million road to the nonexistent bridge.[50]
Road to nowhere [ edit ]
After canceling the bridge, Palin's administration spent more than $25 million to build the Gravina Island Highway, which would have connected with the proposed bridge. According to Alaskan state officials, the road project went ahead because the money came from the federal government, and would otherwise have had to be returned.[51] Because "no one seems to use" this road, it has been called the "road to nowhere" by CNN, many local Alaskans, and several other media sources.[52][53][54]
CNN reporter Abbie Boudreau took a helicopter over the road. "There's no one on this road," she said. "It kind of just curves around then it just stops. That's where the bridge was supposed to pick up." Boudreau spoke to Mike Elerding, Palin's former campaign coordinator. When asked if he felt the road was "a waste of taxpayer money", he responded, "Without the bridge, yeah." Boudreau also spoke to the McCain–Palin campaign spokesperson Meghan Stapleton, who defended the road: "The governor could not change that earmark. ... That had to be spent on the Gravina road and nothing else. And so, the governor had no options." In response to an inquiry of whether Palin could have stopped construction, Stapleton told Boudreau that Palin had "no viable alternative" because Congress had already granted the earmark and the contract for the road was signed before Palin took office.[52][55]
Alaska Department of Transportation spokesman Roger Wetherell disagreed, stating that Palin could have canceled the contract upon taking office and reimbursed contractors for any expenses incurred in association with the project, as happened when Palin cancelled a $18.6 million contract on a Juneau road and reimbursed the contractor for $65,500 in expenses. Federal Highway Administration spokesman Doug Hecox stated that Palin could have opted not to use the federal earmark, which would have allowed Congress the opportunity to send it to other federal needs.[56]
2011 activity [ edit ]
In HR662 there is continued funding for the project. Rep. Jared Polis (D-CO), spoke in support of a motion to recommit the bill, with a very specific amendment, explained in his words, "This motion rescinds all remaining funds, about $183 million, provided for the planning, design, and construction of the two bridges under SAFETEA-LU" and that "According to the CBO this motion will reduce the deficit by $160 million by eliminating funding for these two bridges, nothing else."[57]
3/2/2011 4:10pm: Floor summary: DEBATE - The House proceeded with ten minutes of debate on the Polis motion to recommit with instructions. The instructions contained in the motion seek to require the Committee on Transportation to report the bill back to the House forthwith with an amendment which inserts a section rescinding all unobligated balances of contract authority provided or reserved for planning, design, or construction of the Gravina Island bridge, Alaska, or the Knik Arm bridge, Alaska.[58]
In response Rep. Mica (R-FL), spoke in opposition responding "Well congratulations my colleagues welcome to the era of smoke and mirrors and that's exactly what this motion to recommit is and I urge its defeat. And you heard the gentleman describing bridges and he again is trying to mislead the entire house on this particular motion to recommit. It is smoke and mirrors, and I urge the defeat of the motion to recommit." which was the complete argument and explanation he gave, even though he was allotted a full 5 minutes to respond.[57]
Failed by recorded vote: 181–246, 2 present[59]
Rep. Mica (R-FL) cited that the urge to recommit was smoke and mirrors. The bill is his bill and includes a bridge to nowhere as part of the bill. It is somewhat vague and is listed under section 3 of the bill. It mentions ferries and transportation projects are authorized in Hawaii and Alaska. A bridge to nowhere could be allowed under the bill.[60]
Cancellation [ edit ]
In 2015, after consideration of several lower-cost options, the Gravina Island Bridge project was finally cancelled, an improved ferry service being selected instead of constructing the bridge.[61]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
It's a confusing time to be a New York Jets fan. Normally, being a Jets fan has just made me sad, so confusion is actually a huge improvement.
We expected the 2017 Jets to be bad. Some of us expected them to go winless. Some of us, um, hoped that the Jets would go winless, producing a dumpster fire of a season that could help this franchise land the no. 1 pick in next year's draft to jump-start a rebuild. But the Jets have a three-game winning streak, sit at 3-2, and are tied for first place in the AFC East. They can take the outright division lead with a win over New England on Sunday.
How should Jet fans feel about this? Is this team worth getting excited about? Or do these wins really amount to failures to lose? I haven't figured it out yet. There are four loud voices arguing in my head, and I'd like to introduce you to all of them.
1. The Jets Still Aren't Good, and We Shouldn't Get That Excited
Let's take a look at this three-game winning streak. First came a 20-6 victory over a Miami team led by semi-alert multimillionaire Jay Cutler. The Dolphins have managed only three combined offensive touchdowns through four games under the catatonic leadership of semi-alert multimillionaire Jay Cutler, and it's nice that the Jets limited them to six points. But this is the same Miami team that got shut out by the Saints in Week 4. These are the Saints' starting cornerbacks.
Next came a 23-20 overtime win against the Jaguars. Jacksonville is surprisingly competent this season, bolstered by a strong secondary and rookie running back Leonard Fournette. But as much as I believe in the young Jags, the phrase New York's signature win was a three-point overtime victory over the Jaguars is not exactly awe-inspiring.
And Sunday brought a 17-14 win over the Browns. The Browns should have won this game! Cleveland rookie DeShone Kizer became the first player in eight years to commit multiple turnovers inside an opponent's 5-yard line. His squad lost by three points. The Browns are the worst team in the league by a few miles, and the Jets needed them to repeatedly open fire at their own feet to squeak out a win.
The easy part of the Jets' schedule is now over. New York played both the Browns and Jaguars because of an NFL scheduling rule that pits every team against two others that finished in the same place in the standings in different divisions the year prior, in the interest of parity: The Jets finished last in the AFC East in 2016; the Jags and Browns finished last in the AFC South and AFC North, respectively, so the Jets played the Jags and Browns. That rule is meant to help bottom-feeders accumulate wins. But a team gets only two of those games, and the Jets have already played them.
The opponents that the Jets have faced so far are a combined 10-14; the 10 teams remaining on their schedule are a combined 31-19. The Jets still have to play the 5-0 Chiefs, both teams that took part in the most recent Super Bowl (the Falcons once, the Patriots twice), and both teams that played in the Super Bowl before that (the Broncos and Panthers). There's only one sub-.500 team (the Chargers, in Week 16) left on the Jets' schedule.
Head coach Todd Bowles and Co. had a few winnable games early and somehow got to three wins, with two coming by the skin of their teeth. I'm not sure whether they have three winnable games the rest of the way. The fun is probably over.
2. Hey, but This Is Fun
Rooting for my favorite teams to lose is a mind-set I've rebelled against for the majority of my sports fandom. I remember being happy when the 3-12 Jets beat the Bills on a late kickoff return in the 2005 season, a loss that ensured that New York couldn't draft Reggie Bush or Vince Young. I remember being happy when the 3-12 Jets beat the Chiefs in overtime in 2007, a result that bumped the team from no. 3 (Matt Ryan) to no. 6 (Vernon Gholston) in the 2008 draft order. I have rooted for teams to win games they should have lost, because I generally enjoy winning.
Entering this fall, though, the Jets' futility had sapped me of that mind-set. The team had been too bad too often, and worse, they'd been stupid. There had been nothing to get excited about for so many years. Even the things I did get excited about—holy cow, Ryan Fitzpatrick threw 31 touchdowns! We might make the playoffs!—ended … poorly. So I decided to get excited about losing, in the hope that it could eventually create something better.
But seeing the Jets scrap and battle for wins over the past few weeks has served as a reminder of what's fun about sports. Did those wins hurt the team's long-term goals? Yeah, probably. But maybe we shouldn't focus so much on long-term goals when we watch our favorite teams. Maybe we should remember that football is here to entertain us and enjoy the wins when they come, even when they come against Blake Bortles or the Browns.
3. The Jets Need to Get More Aggressive About Tanking
That last paragraph I wrote is utter garbage. It's the Mark Sanchez Thanksgiving Game of paragraphs. Of course winning is fun. That's why the Jets should try to lose every damn week this fall, so they have a legitimate chance to do it on a consistent basis and someday make the playoffs instead of providing these briefly inspirational but ultimately damaging upsets three or four times over the course of a 16-game schedule.
This Jets team remains hopeless. It probably needs six more wins to reach the postseason. In no way is that plausible. Going 8-8 or so would be nice if the relative success of this year's team meant anything to the future success of the franchise. But most of the players on this roster don't factor into the Jets' long-term plans.
Do you know how many Jets starters Pro Football Focus grades as “elite,” “high quality,” or “above average?” Zero. Every single starter is ranked as “average,” “below average,” or “poor.” Everything still needs to be fixed.
Bench quarterback Josh McCown. He's 38. He's the best quarterback on the team, but do you think he's going to lead the Jets into the playoffs in 2023 from his wheelchair? New York has two young quarterbacks in Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg, and at the very least, the front office needs to determine whether they're good enough to keep around so it can decide if it makes sense to use its 2018 first-round pick on a passer. It's time to lose or learn something. The Jets will never get anywhere doing what they are, using second-round picks on players like Geno Smith and Hackenberg while other teams take franchise quarterbacks like Deshaun Watson.
There was a plan here, getting rid of veterans like Sheldon Richardson, David Harris, Eric Decker, and Brandon Marshall. They're messing that up. With three wins, the Jets have already all but guaranteed that they won't pick first overall next spring. If they get up to four or five wins, they're going to miss out on even more elite prospects. Tank now, or forever hold bad picks.
4. I'm All in on These Soon-to-Be–Super Bowl–Champion Jets
Watch the 97-yard touchdown drive that McCown led in the fourth quarter of last Sunday's win over the Browns: He went 6-for-6 passing for 83 yards, capped by a touchdown throw to Jermaine Kearse, whose connection with McCown is electric for some reason. The Jets signed a career-backup QB with a history of bad performances for garbage teams because they wanted to be garbage. Instead, he is evidence that miracles happen all around us.
Watch this touchdown run by Bilal Powell in Week 4 against the Jaguars. It doesn't make any sense, and it gave the Jets seven points in a game that they won by three.
I love the Jets defense, which has held four of its five opponents this year to 21 points or fewer. The pass defense, especially, owns my heart: With experienced cornerbacks Buster Skrine and Morris Claiborne and rookie safeties Jamal Adams and Marcus Maye, it's way ahead of where it should be right now. This group isn't just competent: It's good.
I rewatch Jets highlights and, like an idiot, I begin to believe. The AFC East is finally wide open, thanks to a Patriots defense that apparently challenges itself to allow more points than Tom Brady and the offense can score. As I watch the Patriots get lit up week after week, I sometimes think: Could Josh McCown pick apart that defense? At the exact second that I'm typing this, I think the answer is yes.
Hell, the entire NFL is wide open: It's being trampled by a team that starts Alex Smith and a third-round running back out of Toledo. Nobody's doomed. Not even the unstoppable football juggernaut New York Jets.
Universities routinely tell students to read books that advance left-wing ideology on issues such as social justice and class warfare.
The College Fix reports that a new study published in late May from the National Association of Scholars (NAS) documents just how books deemed written by “dead white authors” have been replaced with political tomes designed to indoctrinate students.
The investigation, entitled Beach Books, looked at 350 reading lists assigned to freshman students across America and discovered that instead of reading Shakespeare, Dickens or Hemingway, they are learning about the alleged crisis of racism and white privilege in the country.
“Hundreds of American colleges and universities assign a summer reading to entering freshmen — usually one book, which the students are asked to read outside their courses. For many students, this is the only book they will read in common with their classmates,” according to the report.
The study revealed that 75 percent of the books assigned to be read by students in the 2016-17 school year had a publishing date between 2010 and today. Less than 2 percent were written before 1900.
“The themes register most strongly the common reading genre's continuing obsession with race, as well as its infantilization of its students, its middlebrow taste, and its progressive politics.” Students were told to read books about African-American, Latin-American and Muslim characters.
The most referred book of the academic season was Just Mercy, a tome about a poor black being victims of the criminal justice system.
Not only does the reading list advance “progressive” ideals but so does the prescribed discussion and proposed activities that go with it. NSA spokesman David Randall called this student activism ruse a means of getting “free labor” from students to advance a left-wing agenda.
The reports cite the example from San Jose State University where “The True American” reading included attending a lecture by For example, San Jose State by Morehshin Allahyari, “a new media artist, activist, educator, and occasional curator [who spoke on] the intersections of art, activism, jihad, and technocapitalism.”
Randall told The College Fix: “It's been like this for at least the last decade,” he told The Fix. “They're getting even more homogeneous — greater concentration on individual titles, greater concentration in subject matter — but the progressivism is much the same.”
Follow David on Twitter
The semi-unification of the state federations to create the National Premier League and the establishment of the FFA Cup were seen by some as the first steps in creating a national second tier to the A-League and while that might be the case, there will be pathways between the two in the next 20 years.
There is a fear that the financial viability of the A-League could be compromised if the top tier of Australian football is composed of teams with little strategic placement and on football merit alone, with little reflection on market forces.
However, that's not to say that there is no value placed on the NPL and other semi-professional clubs. The FFA has indicated in its long-term plan the importance of any current and potential new entrant in the A-League must develop a strong relationship with existing clubs and communities.
Current NPL clubs will not have the chance to progress to the A-League through promotion though the FFA will consider their application for licences. Existing clubs will be able to submit bids to enter the A-League alongside potential consortiums.
Raising the standard of the A-League is identified as one of the major tasks for the future of the game as it will attract more fans, more money which could lead to more of a "top down" approach taken by organisations like the AFL and NRL and subsequently a reduction of amateur registration fees. Currently, 22 per cent of junior participants actively support A-League clubs and raising that percentage by four-fold is the FFA's target.
Globalist Richard Haas Calls for NATO Occupation of Libya
Or, "How the Devil Pays"
By Tony Cartalucci
The Financial Times has featured an editorial penned by Council on Foreign Relations president Richard Haas titled, "Libya Now Needs Boots on the Ground," where the arch globalist states that Libya's rebels are in no way capable of rebuilding Libya properly and will require an "international force" to maintain order. Haas breathtakingly admits that the NATO intervention to "protect civilians" was in fact a political intervention designed to bring about regime change. With NATO leading the offensive against Tripoli, a relatively calm city until now, the alleged cause of "protecting civilians" rings hollower than ever.
Photo: One of the founding fathers of Al Qaeda, Robert Gates (left) and CFR president Richard Haas (right).
Haas goes on to explain that NATO's "success" is what requires this international assistance in the predictable form of an occupation force to deal with looting, "die-hard regime supporters," and tribal war. Haas also implores Obama to reconsider his decision to rule out American boots on the ground and to do so quickly.
Of course, NATO didn't just spend the last 5 months conducting 7,000+ airstrikes on Libya to "protect civilians" and then ride off into the sunset. This was a war of conquest from the very beginning, with globalists openly declaring it would determine the "primacy of international law" over the nation-state. In fact, the initial uprising itself was gestated in Washington and London where opposition leaders were provided resources and safe-havens to conduct their sedition, with globalist stooges like Ibrahim Sahad literally sitting in front of the White House calling for NATO to bomb his homeland. NATO, its members, particularly the US, UK, and France, and the globalist corporate-financiers behind them, fully intend to rebuild Libya according to their own aspirations shoehorned into a national consensus imposed upon the Libyan people under the guise of "democracy" and "civil society." We are watching a modern empire expand its boundaries into yet another sovereign nation.
Readers may remember an April 2011 article titled "Libyan Rebels Fighting the Globalists' War" with the ever increasingly appropriate subtitle, "How the Devil Pays." In it a caption attempts to sum up Libya's future by stating, "if these rebels really think the West is going to hand them Libya and its riches, they have another thing coming. The Neo-Con arm of the globalist agenda is already seeding the ground to deal with "extremists" coming to power after the "Arab Spring" runs its course. That means Libya's oil & future will be left in the hands of NATO troops, not the Libyan people."
The article continues:
"While the dichotomy of Western politics is merely for public consumption, what all camp states publicly can be put together as a composite giving us a clearer picture of the overall globalist agenda. Neo-Conservative war monger Daniel Pipes, a PNAC signatory, CFR member, and co-conspirator in many of the darkest chapters of recent American history, was recently sharing his "doubts" over the final result of the "Arab Spring." He believes that ultimately extremists will prevail in many cases and only complicate US relations with certain countries.
Of course, Pipes most likely didn't miss the memo and is fully aware that the "Arab Spring" is a US funded gambit, one his fellow "Neo-Cons" lining the National Endowment for Democracy and the fraudulent Freedom House are admittedly involved in. At the very least, he must have picked up the New York Times and read as much. So what exactly is Pipes trying to tell us? He is saying that as soon as the Libyan rebels secure Libya, or the Muslim Brotherhood takes hold of Syria, or Yemen, or wins out in a co-opted counterrevolution against International Crisis Group stooge Mohamed ElBaradei in Egypt, the blinders Western propagandists seem to be wearing will suddenly drop and point out that indeed the globalists have installed extremists "by accident."
To rectify this, Libyan rebels will be betrayed just as quickly as Qaddafi was. They will be removed from power, and replaced by Western stooges protected by NATO ground troops, conveniently already being put on the ground in Libya, and will stay there permanently. The globalist "Neo-Con" think tank Foreign Policy Initiative has stated, "The best way to reduce the potential dangers posed by extremist infiltration is for the United States and its allies to remain engaged in Libya."
This engagement most likely will take the shape of the other unending "engagements" in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the years of cross-border raids into Pakistan. The oil money that once built waterways, public housing, and farms from Benghazi to Tripoli, will be funneled directly out of the country and into the corporate-financier's accounts. The corporate-financier oligarchs will have taken yet another nation-state down with the help of its own gullible population, and for their gullibility, they will pay for the rest of their lives, as will their children and their children's children.
To understand the full scope of the global corporate-financier oligarchy's designs toward any given nation, we must simply look back at the brazen admissions made over the intended future stemming from the outright military conquest of Iraq and Paul Bremer's (CFR) planned economic reformation of the broken nation. The Economist enumerates the "economic liberalization" of Iraq in a piece titled "Let's all go to the yard sale: If it all works out, Iraq will be a capitalist's dream:"
1. 100% ownership of Iraqi assets.
2. Full repatriation of profits.
3. Equal legal standing with local firms.
4. Foreign banks allowed operating or buy into local banks.
5. Income and corporate taxes capped at 15%.
6. Universal tariffs slashed to 5%.
Anyone who would willfully make a deal with such people must have their discernment called into question. As Hugo Chavez of Venezuela said of Hosni Mubarak's decades of appeasing the globalists and his eventual ousting from power at the hands of US funded, trained, and supported protesters, "that's how the devil pays." Indeed it is, and it is an instructive lesson for others including the rebels of Benghazi to consider as they attempt to make their own deals with the globalists today."
And indeed, as NATO rushes through to the finish line with a spectacular display of mass-murder and mayhem in Libya, and with the rebels dancing in the streets as NATO warplanes roar overhead, the time is soon approaching for Benghazi to pay back the West for their "help."
As pundits in the duplicitous corporate media feign ignorance over the future of Libya, as if it is truly in the hands of the Libyan people as Obama cartoonishly portrayed in his latest teleprompter reading, the self-proclaimed "Transitional National Council" leader Gibril Elqarfally gave us cyrstal clear picture of Libya's future - one inspired by globalization. In a May 12, 2011 talk before the Brookings Institution, he claimed “what's taking place is a natural product of the globalizational process that started in the mid-80′s.”
Elwarfally talks about a “new global cultural paradigm,” “new global values,” common values, shared by many “young people.” These young people, he says, are calling for human dignity, democracy, and inclusion at all levels of national government, repeating verbatim statements coming from geopolitical meddler Zbigniew Brzezinski and the myriad of US-funded NGOs that promote these “new global values.”
Photo: Libyan rebel leader Gibril Elqarfally stands before the Fortune 500-funded Brookings Institution openly declaring fealty to the globalist agenda of interdependency and subservience to a Wall Street-London international order.
....
When asked by an audience member what Libya will look like in 2025, it turns out conveniently he was part of a study by Libyan professors and “Libyan practitioners” in 2007-2008 titled “Libya: Vision 2025.” Not surprisingly, this project was conducted with input from the IMF and involved Libya's placement within the “global scene.” Elwarfally laments that Libya's oil reserves are limited and that the solution is a transition to a service economy. He also claims Vision 2025′s conclusion included an education shift, turning Libya into “a lake” to develop the skills of Africans to serve the needs of the European Union.
Surely Africans are eager to once again be in the service of wealthy Europeans, who at one point owned tremendous swaths of their continent, some tycoons naming entire nations after themselves in the ultimate expression of imperial megalomania. Elwarfally, a man educated in Pittsburgh, and apparently a lifelong fan of globalization, stuns us with his frank comments and his disturbing vision for the future of not only Libya, but the role it will play in directing Africa's efforts and resources toward American and European corporate-financier interests.
While Qaddafi's comments are dismissed out of hand, a recent message sent to his followers amidst fighting in Tripoli declared, "the traitors are paving the way for the occupation forces to be deployed in Tripoli." It seems no truer words have ever been spoken and the Libyan people, including the rebels, will have no one but themselves to blame if they allow such a way to be paved.
http://landdestroyer.blogspot.com/
Tehama County map (Photo: Record Searchlight)
A Red Bluff Police officer shot two St. Bernard dogs Sunday morning that he said were acting viciously and aggressively.
But at least one person in the neighborhood where the shooting happened disputes police accounts of the incident, noting the dogs weren't acting aggressively in the minutes leading up to their shooting.
“That whole entire report they wrote, that press release, I read it and I was in shock. It was all make-believe,” said Amy Ball, who lives just doors from where the shooting occurred.
Initially, the officer killed one of the dogs and the second was taken to a veterinarian. But the second dog has since died, Ball said.
MORE: Local canine a 'hero dog' after being stabbed by alleged pot-grower
The shooting prompted an outcry on social media, where several questioned the actions of the officer and called them excessive.
Police and the Tehama County District Attorney's Office are investigating the shooting. Red Bluff Police. Lt. Matt Hensen said death threats have been made against the officer, who's not yet been identified.
According to a news release, the officer was called around 9:30 a.m. to a Nelson Drive neighborhood after receiving reports of the dogs chasing the girl. According to police, As the officer approached the dogs, they aggressively barked and came toward him.
Ball, though, said she first saw the dogs in front yard after another pair of dogs began barking at them. They weren't barking or chasing anyone, she said.
“They didn't seem interested in anything really,” she said. “They were just kind of out free, exploring.”
According to police, as the officer approached the dogs, they aggressively barked and came toward him.
The officer used pepper-spray on the dogs, which turned away from him and ran down a street. The officer followed the dogs in his patrol car to the front yard of a residence.
As he got out of the car, the officer found himself trapped between his car and a fence with both dogs coming toward him in an aggressive manner, the news release said.
"To protect himself, the officer fired several shots at the dogs, injuring the one closest to him," the news release said.
The other dog, police said, circled around the patrol officer's car while continuing to bark aggressively, adding the officer shot it when it again moved toward him.
Ball, who said she witnessed nearly the entire encounter, recounted events differently.
She said she first saw the dogs in her front yard after another pair of dogs began barking at them. The St. Bernards weren't barking or chasing anyone, she said.
“They didn't seem interested in anything really,” she said. “They were just kind of out free, exploring.”
MORE: Tehama County officials rescue sick dog
The officer who responded to the initial call tried to use his patrol car to force the dogs into driveways of nearby homes. Ball said he nudged the dogs with the car.
Expecting the dogs would be taken care of, Ball began walking back to her home just a few doors away. But she quickly returned after hearing two shots from the officers' gun.
She ran back to the area, which she described as a gutter in front of a house with a small picket fence, to find the officer still firing.
“The first bullet dropped the dog and when the dog dropped, he kept unloading the gun,” Ball said.
The second dog, Ball said, was walking away when the officer shot her.
“I'm screaming ‘why did you shoot these dogs so many times? Why did you shoot them all?” Ball said.
After the shooting, police said, many of the neighbors became hostile to the officer and emergency treatment to the injured dog was delayed until the situation calmed down.
Photos and video of the aftermath of the shooting were quickly posted to Facebook.
Ball said she's spoken to the owner of the St. Bernards, who just moved into the neighborhood on Thursday. The owner is consulting attorneys and so far, isn't speaking publicly about the shooting, Ball said.
More:
UPDATE: Redding woman killed in I-5 crash Sunday identified
UPDATE: Coroner IDs teen who died after head-on dirt-bike crash
Read or Share this story: http://reddingne.ws/2icbdh4
Heavy but brief rain that moved through Sydney has brought down part of a hospital roof and forced affected patients to be moved.
The storm from the west moved through the Sydney basin on Tuesday afternoon, bringing hail to some areas and downpours before it moved off the coast.
The roof over a ward in Mt Wilga Private Hospital, a rehabilitation centre in Hornsby in Sydney's north, collapsed around 6pm (AEDT).
A hospital spokeswoman said no one was injured but two patents had to be relocated within the hospital.
The NSW State Emergency Service (SES) responded to a flash flooding incident in Flemington in western Sydney. They rescued a person from a car.
Loading
An SES spokesman said little damage was reported since the rains were brief and without strong winds.
AAP
MEN are being blamed for many cases of Sex and the City-style career women who delay having children into their 30s.
Women say not finding Mr Right, having a partner who will not commit to the relationship or having children, lack of cash, education debts and housing costs are key reasons for deferring parenthood, the Herald Sun reported.
The research has prompted calls for more support for wannabe mums and the role to be valued.
One potential mother, Narelle Craig, 30, said she did not meet the right man in her 20s and had focused on travel and work.
Ms Craig, a partner in an apparel and merchandise company, said she did not want to rush into starting a family until "all the boxes were ticked".
She has embarked on a new relationship, but the topic of children has not yet arisen.
"It's not about being career-obsessed, historically I haven't been with the right man," she said.
"Most girls want to have children, but meeting the right person is something you can't control."
A study published this month in the Journal of Population Health found most women aged between 30 and 34 want to have children, but could not for reasons often out of their control. It dispelled the image of hordes of "selfish" women deferring children for their careers.
Only 20 of the 569 Australian women surveyed by Jean Hailes for Women's Health researchers said they did not want to have any children.
The report said much of the public debate around Australia's fertility rate blamed women deliberately choosing not to have children.
But one of the authors, Dr Sara Holton, said the study highlighted the issue was far more complex.
"This blows away the assumption that it's a voluntary thing for women, that they can choose when and how many children they have," she said.
Women need more support to have children and men should be educated on the impact of age on fertility, she said.
Victorian Women's Trust executive director Mary Crooks said motherhood was not valued in society as much as it should be.
"We are in love with the idea of motherhood in our country, but unintentionally and ironically, we don't do a lot to support it, and drag it down as an ideal," she said.
For many people, the phrase “go to work” conjures up images of rows of cubicles with desks, with people hunched over their computers, typing furiously. While some people thrive in this type of environment, others wither and long for a job that doesn't keep them chained to a desk all day.
Although desk work sometimes seems to be the norm, the truth is that sitting at a desk all day long can put a serious strain on the human body. A number of repetitive motion injuries are tied to desk jobs, such as carpal tunnel syndrome and tendonitis. Other ailments linked to low-activity desk jobs are eyestrain, back pain, and even colon cancer.
Are you ready to start looking for a job that will free you from desk drudgery? Check out these 10 free-moving careers to see if they might be a good match for you:
1. Nurse
Even in today's economy, nurses typically have no trouble getting hired. You can work in a hospital, a clinic or as a home aid. The only time you'll find yourself sitting as a nurse is while you are updating a patient's chart or attending meetings. Formal education is a must in this field, so if you are interested, you will need to look into a nursing degree.
2. Teacher
So many people imagine teachers as sitting behind a desk lined with apples. Today's teachers are active, working their way around the classroom , assisting students, and sharing presentations. You might find yourself at a desk to plan lessons, but most of the time you'll be up and about – especially if you are a grade school teacher.
3. Police Officer
Whether you are driving in a police cruiser or patrolling on foot, you'll rarely find yourself behind a desk as a police officer. End of shift reporting is a necessity, but other than that, you are in the field protecting America's citizens.
4. Physical and Occupational Therapists
Therapists work hands-on, side-by-side with their patients, guiding them to wellness. You might sit at a desk to fill out paperwork now and again, but the majority of your time will be spent assisting your patients. A master's degree is typically needed for both physical and occupational therapy.
5. Veterinarian
Love animals? Get up close and personal with pets, keeping them healthy and treating their ailments. Like other medical professionals, you'll sit down to keep your records, but most of the time you'll be hands-on. If you live in a rural area, you might even find yourself making house calls!
6. Tour Guide
Like to travel? Do you have a particular location you are an expert in? Why not be a tour guide and share your enthusiasm with tourists every day? If you are comfortable speaking in public, this could be a fun choice for you. Of course, this role requires ample on-site training and many tour companies require their employers to hold a college degree.
7. Cosmetician
If you appreciate beauty in everyone and enjoy beautifying others with hair, makeup, or beauty treatments, this could be a great job choice.
8. Event Planner
Although you might spend a little time at your desk organizing and managing the pre-work of events, you'll also get to attend parties — as part of your job! Who wouldn't enjoy that?
9. Flight Attendant
If you have the urge to travel and enjoy assisting others, you might enjoy a career as a flight attendant. Often, airlines provide free travel vouchers to exotic destinations for the people who work for them.
10. Nanny / Childcare Worker
Love kids? Childcare positions let you spend all day with them: playing, teaching, helping them grow. Many nannies find themselves as an important part of a child's life and love the constant stream of surprises and fun that caring for children brings. Consider an early childhood education degree if you are interested in this career path.
About the Author. This is a guest article by NannyJobs.org. If you're looking for a job that will get you out of the office, try NannyJobs.org, and site that helps match caregivers to families.
Now, sunlight streams through the prison building, revealing the Artuqid masonry exposed when the prison cells were demolished as part of an ongoing refurbishment project — conceived to draw tourism and jobs to the region during a hopeful period when fighting eased in the early part of this century.
In an adjoining building is the former headquarters of the Gendarmerie Intelligence and Anti-terror Organization, Jitem, a paramilitary intelligence service suspected in thousands of 1990s political murders. The partitions between offices have been torn out to reveal the mangers of cavalry horses stabled here in Ottoman times.
Restoration of nearby Ottoman-era courthouses and an Ottoman armory is nearly complete, while a 4th-century Byzantine church in the citadel, last used as a weapons depot by the Turkish Army, has already been expertly restored and readied as an exhibition space.
On completion, planned for the end of this year, the restored citadel will open to the public as one of the most ambitious archaeological museums in this part of the world.
“It is a conservator's dream, a chance to showcase to the world the rich history of an 8,000-year-old living city,” Nevin Soyukaya, an archaeologist and the director of the Diyarbakir Museum, said in an interview this month.
Founded in neolithic times, as a tumulus overlooking the citadel attests, and known in antiquity as Amida, Diyarbakir is one of the oldest continually inhabited cities in the world.
Ruled at times by great empires like the Assyrians and the Byzantines, at other times by local dynasties, it stood at a crossroads of civilizations, linking Mesopotamia with the empires to the east and the north. Coveted, fought over and repeatedly changing hands, “Diyarbakir has always been able to blend the various cultures in its melting pot to create a culture all its own,” Ms. Soyukaya said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Her museum's storerooms are overflowing with priceless artifacts unearthed in archaeological digs around the region, she said.
These will soon find a new home in the citadel. Besides an exhibition tracing the history of the city, the museum will house displays exploring the history of agriculture, whose origins in the area between the Euphrates and the Tigris date back thousands of years, as well as religion, architecture and other subjects, all illustrated by artifacts from the area.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The museum complex will also include a conservation and restoration laboratory housed in the former prison; seminar rooms, workshops and an education center; and a restaurant and café. “We want this to be a community center, a living museum,” Ms. Soyukaya said.
But grim reminders of the past keep cropping up. This year, workers digging a ditch for the museum's plumbing found human skulls and bones near the former prison's walls. In all, the remains of 38 people were unearthed from the ditch, which remained cordoned off and guarded as a crime scene this month.
A forensic report commissioned by the prosecutor's office last month said the bones were at least 100 years old, but many in the city are not convinced.
“I think my father's bones may be there,” said Mr. Ozgen, the Diyarbakir resident. He said his father, Fikri Ozgen, was grabbed in the street outside his house by police officers and hauled away on the morning of Feb. 27, 1997.
“We never heard from him again,” said Mr. Ozgen, 44. But circumstantial evidence led him to believe, he added, that his father had been imprisoned in the citadel before being killed because a son, Mr. Ozgen's brother, had joined the Kurdish rebels in the mountains.
“I have written to the Ministry of Culture asking it not to turn that site into a museum,” Mr. Ozgen said. “How could one visit such a museum?”
He has also applied to authorities for a DNA test to be performed on his blood and on the bones found in the citadel, but has had no answer. At the Diyarbakir branch of Turkey's Human Rights Association, it is a familiar story. “We have received numerous calls from people whose fathers were taken away by Jitem in the 1990s and never seen again” and who now hope to find their remains in the citadel, Serdar Celebi, a lawyer and board member of the association, said in an interview this month.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“But we have also received calls from others whose grandfathers went missing during the Sheikh Said rebellion,” he added, referring to a 1925 rebellion of Kurds against the Turkish Republic, which was quashed. “The courthouses were there at the time, too.”
Historians have raised another possibility: that the remains might be those of Armenians massacred in 1915.
“To us, the important thing is not so much which particular massacre these bones are from,” Mr. Celebi said. “The important thing is to face up to the fact that the state has always slaughtered people here.”
Still, Mr. Celebi's association supports the plans for the museum in the citadel: “It's a wonderful project, it can contribute to the recovery of this city by drawing tourists from Europe,” he said.
Work on the museum is to continue at full speed to meet the target of opening next year, even as forensic scientists work to ascertain the origins of the human remains, Turkey's culture minister, Ertugrul Gunay, said in an interview in Istanbul last month.
“If they turn out to be victims of a massacre, we will definitely commemorate them with a plaque, a memorial site,” Mr. Gunay said. “But we are hoping it proves not to be so.”
String Literal
String literals can be enclosed by either double or single quotes.
Characters in a string can be accessed using the standard [ ] syntax, and like Java and C++, Python uses zero-based indexing, so if str is ‘hello' str[1] is ‘e'. If the index is out of bounds for the string, Python raises an error.
Lets do some operations on strings in python using buit-in methods like, * String Conversion * String Comparison * String Padding * String Manipulation
String Conversion
str.capitalize() Returns a copy of the string with its first character capitalized and the rest lowercased. str.casefold() Returns a casefolded copy of the string. Casefolded strings may be used for case insentive matching. str.count(sub[, start[, end]]) Returns the number of non-overlapping occurrences of substring sub in the range [start, end]. Optional arguments start and end are interpreted as in slice notation. str.swapcase() Return a copy of the string with uppercase characters converted to lowercase and vice versa. str.title() Return a titlecased version of the string where words start with an uppercase character and the remaining characters are lowercase. str.lower() Return a copy of the sequence with all the uppercase ASCII characters converted to their corresponding lowercase counterpart. str.upper() Return a copy of the sequence with all the lowercase ASCII characters converted to their corresponding uppercase counterpart.
Usage
# String conversion in Python # @IdiotInside_ str = "Idiot Inside" print ("captilize() ",str.capitalize()) print ("casefold() ",str.casefold()) #python 3.3 print ("swapcase() ",str.swapcase()) print ("title() ",str.title()) print ("lower() ",str.lower()) print ("upper() ",str.upper())
Output
String Comparison
str.isalnum() Returns true if all bytes in the sequence are alphabetical ASCII characters or ASCII decimal digits and the sequence is not empty, false otherwise. str.isalpha() Returns true if all bytes in the sequence are alphabetic ASCII characters and the sequence is not empty, false otherwise. str.isdecimal() Returns true if all characters in the string are decimal characters and there is at least one character, false otherwise. str.isdigit() Returns true if all characters in the string are digits and there is at least one character, false otherwise. str.isnumeric() Returns true if all characters in the string are numeric characters, and there is at least one character, false otherwise. str.islower() Returns true if all cased characters in the string are lowercase and there is at least one cased character, false otherwise. str.isupper() Returns true if all cased characters in the string are uppercase and there is at least one cased character, false otherwise.
Usage
# String Comparison in Python # @IdiotInside_ str2 = "Hello world" str3 = "Hello2world" str4 = "World" str5 = "hello" str6 = "PYTHON" dec1 = "10" dec2 = "10 USD" print ("Checking if a string contains alpha numeric string or not:") condition1 = str2.isalnum(); condition2 = str3.isalnum(); print ("String: ",str2) if condition1: print (str2," is an alphanumeric string") else: print (str2," is not an alphanumeric string or contains space") print ("String: ",str3) if condition2: print (str3," is a alphanumeric string") else: print (str3," is not an alphanumeric string or contains space") print ("
Checking if a string contains alphabets only:") condition3 = str2.isalpha(); condition4 = str3.isalpha(); condition5 = str4.isalpha(); print ("String: ",str2) if condition3: print (str2," is an alphabetic character") else: print (str2," is not a valid alphabetic character") print ("String: ",str3) if condition4: print (str3," is an alphabetic character") else: print (str3," is not a valid alphabetic character") print ("String: ",str4) if condition5: print (str4," is an alphabetic character") else: print (str4," is not a valid alphabetic character") print ("
Checking if a string contains decimals only:") condition6 = dec1.isdecimal(); condition7 = dec2.isdecimal(); if condition6: print (dec1," is decimal") else: print (dec1," is not a valid decimal") if condition7: print (dec2," is decimal") else: print (dec2," is not a valid decimal") print ("
Checking if a string contains digits only:") condition8 = dec1.isdigit(); condition9 = dec2.isdigit(); if condition8: print (dec1," is valid digit(s)") else: print (dec1," is invalid") if condition9: print (dec2," is valid digit(s)") else: print (dec2," is invalid") print ("
Checking if a string contains numerics only:") condition10 = dec1.isnumeric(); condition11 = dec2.isnumeric(); if condition10: print (dec1," is numeric") else: print (dec1," is not a valid numeric") if condition11: print (dec2," is numeric") else: print (dec2," is not a valid numeric") print ("
Checking if a string contains lower case characters:") condition12 = str4.islower(); condition13 = str5.islower(); if condition12: print (str4," is valid lower case string") else: print (str4," is not a valid lower case string") if condition13: print (str5," is valid lower case string") else: print (str5," is not a valid lower case string") print ("
Checking if a string contains upper case characters:") condition14 = str4.isupper(); condition15 = str6.isupper(); if condition14: print (str4," is valid upper case string") else: print (str4," is not a valid upper case string") if condition15: print (str6," is valid upper case string") else: print (str6," is not a valid upper case string")
Output
String Padding
str.zfill(width) Return a copy of the string left filled with ASCII '0' digits to make a string of length width. A leading sign prefix ('+'/'-' is handled by inserting the padding after the sign character rather than before. str.ljust(width[, fillchar]) Return the string left justified in a string of length width. Padding is done using the specified fillchar (default is an ASCII space). str.rjust(width[, fillchar]) Return the string right justified in a string of length width. Padding is done using the specified fillchar (default is an ASCII space).
Usage
# String Padding in Python # @IdiotInside_ str8 ="Test" print ("zfill():") print ("150: ","150".zfill(5)) print ("-150: ","-150".zfill(5)) print ("ljust(s) :",str8.ljust(10,"x")) print ("rjust(s) :",str8.rjust(10,"x"))
Output
String Manipulation
s.index(x[, i[, j]]) Returns index of the first occurrence of x in s (at or after index i and before index j) s.count(x) Return total number of occurrences of x in s str.find(sub[, start[, end]]) Return the lowest index in the string where substring sub is found, such that sub is contained in the slice s[start:end]. Optional arguments start and end are interpreted as in slice notation. Return -1 if sub is not found. str.rfind(sub[, start[, end]]) Return the highest index in the string where substring sub is found, such that sub is contained within s[start:end]. Optional arguments start and end are interpreted as in slice notation. Return -1 on failure. str.replace(old, new[, count]) Return a copy of the string with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new. If the optional argument count is given, only the first count occurrences are replaced. str.split([sep[, maxsplit]]) Returns a list of the words in the string, using sep as the delimiter string. If maxsplit is given, at most maxsplit splits are done str.join() Return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the iterable iterable. The separator between elements is the string providing this method. str.splitlines() Returns a list of the lines in the string, breaking at line boundaries. This method uses the universal newlines approach to splitting lines. Line breaks are not included in the resulting list unless keepends is given and true. str.lstrip([chars]) Returns a copy of the string with leading characters removed. The chars argument is a string specifying the set of characters to be removed. If omitted or None, the chars argument defaults to removing whitespace. str.rstrip([chars]) Returns a copy of the string with trailing characters removed. The chars argument is a string specifying the set of characters to be removed. If omitted or None, the chars argument defaults to removing whitespace. str.index(sub[, start[, end]]) Like find(), but raise ValueError when the substring is not found. str.rindex(sub[, start[, end]]) Like rfind(), but raise ValueError when the substring is not found.
Program
# String Manipulation in Python # @IdiotInside_ str1 = "idiot inside" str2 = "hello idiot inside" str3 = "ab c
de fg\rkl\r
" str4 = " idiot inside " str5 = "idiot idiot inside inside" print ("String: ",str1) print ("count('i') ",str1.count('i') ) print ("find(i) ",str1.find("i")) print ("find(s) ",str1.find("s")) print ("rfind(i) ",str1.rfind("i")) print ("replace() ",str1.replace("idiot","geek")) print ("split() ",str2.split(' ')) print ("split('1') ",str2.split(' ', 1 )) print ("splitlines()",str3.splitlines()) print ("splitlines(True) ",str3.splitlines(True)) print ("lstrip()",str4.lstrip()) print ("lstrip('idiot')",str5.lstrip("idiot")) print ("rstrip()",str4.rstrip()) print ("rstrip('inside')",str5.rstrip("inside")) print ("index('idiot')",str5.index("idiot")) print ("index('idiot',5)",str5.index("idiot",5)) #print ("index()",str5.index("idiot",15)) returns error print ("rindex(i'')",str1.rindex("i")) print ("rindex('i',5,7)",str1.rindex("i",5,7)) #print ("rindex('o',5)",str1.rindex("o",5)) returns error
Output
The Syrian military, backed by the Russian Air Force, has completed its operation to liberate the key city of Palmyra from militants, Kremlin has announced.
Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu has reported to the commander-in-chief, President Vladimir Putin, that the historic city in Syria's Homs province has been liberated, Kremlin press secretary Dmitry Peskov said.
Read more
Syrian Army specialists have begun examining the historic part of Palmyra with the aim of demining the city, a RIA-Novosti correspondent reports.
Fortifications on the outskirts of Palmyra are being erected to prevent any counter-offensive by Islamic State, he added.
“The flag of the Islamic State terrorist group has been removed from the city of Palmyra. It should be viewed as a joint success of the Russian Air Force and the Syrian military. Shortly, the whole territory of Syria will be liberated from the terrorists,” Andrey Krasov, deputy head of the Russian parliament's Committee for Defense, said.
The head of Russia's upper house Committee for International Relations, Konstantin Kosachev, has called Palmyra the symbol of the Syrian people's tragedy and their liberation from the terrorists.
“The retaking of Palmyra is a powerful symbol of liberation of Syria from the terrorist disease, the return of the country to normal life,” Kosachev is cited as saying by TASS.
He expressed hope that the majority of the city's treasures remained intact, adding that “the joint efforts of the international community will allow restoration of cultural heritage where the destruction caused by terrorists wasn't irreversible.”
Palmyra, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, was one of the most important centers of the Roman Empire.
It fell under IS control back in 2015, with the terrorists blowing up several historic monuments, including the 1,800-year-old Monumental Arch of Palmyra, most of the Temple of Bel, and the Temple of Baalshamin.
The city was liberated in last March after a two-week operation by the Syrian Army, with the backing of Russian aviation.
Read more
However, the city was retaken by IS in a counteroffensive in December 2016, which forced the Syrian Army to retreat, evacuating 80 percent of the population.
The jihadists resumed their assault on historic heritage, destroying Palmyra's Roman theater and the legendary Tetrapylon
The new operation to liberate the city was launched shortly afterwards, with the government forces advancing towards the city on a daily basis.
Earlier on Thursday, the Syrian military took the strategic al-Tar heights near the city of Palmyra.
When Palmyra again fell to Islamic State in December, there was a tactical retreat by the Syrian Army to concentrate forces to the battle in Aleppo, Middle East expert Abdel Barry Atwan told RT.
“When the Syrian forces managed to capture Palmyra in May 2015, they realized that it really has no strategic value. They wanted to concentrate on Aleppo, the economic capital of Syria,” Atwan said.
But now Palmyra is again free from militants thanks to the Syrian military on the ground and Russian air cover, which has been “the best formula” for counter-terrorism efforts in the country, the expert added.
The strategic victory in Aleppo has proven that the “Syrian Army can, actually, take or liberate Raqqa, Islamic State capital, and there's no need for Turkish forces, American forces, Kurdish forces,” Atwan said.
A former UK ambassador to Syria, Peter Ford, has told RT that the victory of the government forces in Palmyra shouldn't be underestimated.
“It's very important for three reasons. Palmyra is an iconic location. It was a great loss of prestige when it fell back in December. But now when it's recovered the status of the Syrian government has risen accordingly. Secondly, it's a tremendous boost for the morale of the Syrian army and its allies and the Syrian government,” he said.
“Thirdly, the political importance in the present international context – the recovery of Palmyra demonstrates that anybody, who is serious about wanting to defeat ISIS – and, apparently, that includes US President Trump, who has made it his top priority – would have to work with the Syrian government forces,” Ford stressed.
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Dixville Notch, New Hampshire (CNN) Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders got an early boost Tuesday as they won the vote in Dixville Notch, the New Hampshire hamlet that is home to the first vote in the first-in-the-nation primary.
Sanders shut out Hillary Clinton, 4-0, while Kasich bested Donald Trump, 3-2.
Those were the only nine votes cast.
Nestled into the White Mountains in New Hampshire's northernmost reaches, Dixville Notch and two nearby towns, Hart's Location and Millsfield, don't count for many votes, but they do offer one positive for the winners: For nearly a full day, they're ahead in the only results that have been tallied in the Granite State's crucial primary.
In Millsfield, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz won the GOP vote with nine votes compared to Trump's three, while several other GOP candidates received one vote apiece. Clinton received two votes to beat Sanders, who received one.
A decades-long tradition
At Dixville Notch, it's a tradition that dates to the 1960s: A few voters and dozens of political journalists pile into The Balsams, where the votes are cast at midnight and counted immediately.
The town doesn't have a record of predicting much about New Hampshire's primary. In 2008, then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama won the Democratic primary by a 7-2 vote, even though Clinton won the state.
JUST WATCHED What it took to save New Hampshire's midnight vote Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What it took to save New Hampshire's midnight vote 04:13
In 2000, George W. Bush beat John McCain, even though the Arizona senator won the state. And in 2012, Jon Huntsman won just as many votes -- two -- as Mitt Romney, the party's eventual nominee.
A fictionalized version of Dixville Notch and its two early-voting neighbors was featured in an episode of Aaron Sorkin's "West Wing" -- this one dubbed "Hartsfield's Landing."
Dixville Notch's nine-vote contingency is largely made of the staff redeveloping The Balsams Grand Resort Hotel, which has been closed since its sale in 2011.
Still open, though, is the resort's wood-paneled Ballot Room, which is decorated with political articles and cartoons dating back to its first-ever midnight vote: the 1960 general election, when Dixville Notch went 9-0 for Richard Nixon over John F. Kennedy.
A picture of the town's voters from the era is among the art featured in the room.
Tom Tillotson, the 71-year-old town moderator who has run the midnight voting for decades (and voted for Kasich this time), said "of course it's fun" to keep the tradition alive.
"This is an example of American democracy where 100% of the voters come out and vote," he said. "It's also a part of a primary process where it's sort of an endangered species where the candidates actually go out and talk to the voters, and anything we can do to keep that alive helps our political process."
Voters explain their ballots
"Remember the old Wendy's commercial: 'Where's the beef?'" said the Kasich-supporting Les Otten, 66, the developer who is reworking The Balsams.
"At the end of the day, there was more meat and there was less noise," he said of Kasich's campaign. "To me, it came down between him and Jeb Bush. I think they were both great, but Kasich managed to stay out of the fray."
Jeff Stevens, a 60-year-old construction manager on The Balsams, wouldn't say who he supported, but he did vote for a Republican, and his reasoning echoed Trump's "Make America Great Again" slogan.
"What matters to me in a candidate is someone who loves America and who wants to keep making it better for all Americans," Stevens said. "I'm for any candidate who loves America, wants to make it better, and wants to make it better for all Americans."
On the Democratic side, it was unanimous: Every blue ballot went for Sanders.
Clayton Smith, a 28-year-old military veteran who's now a sales and development employee at The Balsams, followed the Democratic race's broader trend and -- like most young voters -- went with Sanders.
"Even though I don't agree with every one of his policies, he has his convictions, and I admire that, I respect that, and I think that's what swayed it for me is he has principle," Smith said.
BOSTON -- Boston Bruins forward David Pastrnak will be made available to the Czech Republic for the 2016 IIHF World Junior Championship, if the Bruins don't need him because of injuries, when the NHL roster freeze ends Monday, general manager Don Sweeney said Saturday.
Pastrnak, who has been out since Oct. 31 because of a nondisplaced fracture in his foot, recently completed a two-game conditioning stint with Providence of the American Hockey League.
"He is fully healthy and now we need to get him back to where he can impact our lineup," Sweeney said. "And if indeed he does join the [Czech] team on the 28th over in Finland, we think that based on last year, his experience there and rolling out of that tournament with the confidence that he had, that he'll come back to the full level that he had really had gotten to last year in impacting our lineup."
In 10 games for the Bruins this season, Pastrnak, 19, had two goals and two assists. Last season, he had 10 goals and 17 assists in 46 games after he was selected with the 25th pick in the 2014 NHL Draft.
The World Junior tournament began Saturday in Helsinki, when the Czech Republic lost to Russia 2-1. The Czech Republic next plays Slovakia on Monday.
How Skylon will look as it takes off bound for Earth orbit. Credit: Reaction Engines
How Skylon will look as it takes off bound for Earth orbit. Credit: Reaction Engines
Sen—A revolutionary engine that can turn an aircraft into an orbiting spaceplane has won fresh backing from the British Government.
The UK's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, singled out the SABRE project that will power Skylon into space in his 2013 spending review delivered to Parliament.
The hybrid engine - its name stands for Synergistic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine - is currently being developed by Reaction Engines, based at Abingdon, near Oxford.
Last year, the engineers developing it, led by Alan Bond, mastered a key factor in its design that was described as the biggest breakthrough in flight technology since the invention of the jet engine.
Praising UK inventiveness and historic successes, Mr Osborne said: “Britain was once the place where the future was invented. From the railway to the jet engine to the World Wide Web.* We can be that country again . . . a huge amount of innovation and discovery still goes on.”
The Chancellor's report pledged to commit to funding high-priority projects, including SABRE, though further details of the investments were not given.
Until now, spacecraft heading for orbit have had to be launched by conventional rockets because of the amount of fuel needed to be got them into space.
A video demonstrates how SABRE will operate to fly Skylon. Credit: Reaction Engines
Skylon, powered by SABRE engines, will change the game because it will draw oxygen for fuel from the atmosphere as it flies, meaning it needs to carry less fuel in its tanks.
It means the sleek cigar-shaped craft will be able to take off and land at conventional airports, just like a normal jet airliner. But unlike conventional aircraft engines, SABRE switches in flight to become a rocket engine that can boost Skylon to a speed faster than Mach 5, or more than five times the speed of sound.
It works like this. After take-off, SABRE first mixes hydrogen with air it sucks in. Then it switches to rocket mode, using oxygen carried in its own tanks to accelerate into space.
The breakthrough in the engine's development came when SABRE engineers showed they can cool the incoming airstream from a temperature of over 1,000 C to -150 C in less than a hundredth of a second without the engine frosting up.
Skylon's 82-metre long fuselage will be built from carbon-fiber reinforced plastic with a black ceramic skin to protect against the heat of re-entry. It will be powered by two SABRE engines.
Alan Bond, the engineering genius behind Skylon, describes SABRE. Credit: Reaction Engines
Skylon will be able to carry people and cargoes into space where it could dock with the International Space Station and help build new orbiting outposts.
But when it returns to land like a normal aircraft, it can be readied for its next mission in just hours. The new technology will slash launch costs.
This pre-cooling was demonstrated last year to the European Space Agency, which funded development, after 100 successful test runs. ESA confirmed it showed the technology was viable.
As well as launching Skylon, a version of SABRE called Scimitar would be able to power a futuristic airliner LAPCAT to fly from Europe to Australia ina little over four hours.
*Pedantic note: The Web was actually developed at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland, though by a Brit.
The site of the former Domino Sugar Factory on the Brooklyn waterfront will open as a public park in 2018, as part of a major redevelopment project.
The derelict patch of land that the red-brick factory sits on – just north of the Williamsburg Bridge – will be transformed by landscape architecture firm James Corner Field Operations, which also worked on New York's popular High Line park with architects Diller Scofidio + Renfro.
Six acres (2.4 hectares) of parkland will stretch a quarter of a mile (0.4 kilometres) along the East River waterfront, where a new esplanade will be created.
Elements of the old factory building, which was built in the 1880s and was once the largest sugar refinery in the world, will be incorporated into the landscape design.
Field Operations has chosen 21 columns from the Raw Sugar Warehouse, approximately 585 feet (178 metres) of crane tracks and over 30 industrial artefacts to preserve as part of the park.
These include the 36-foot-tall (11-metre) cylindrical tanks that once collected syrup during the refining process.
Sports fields, lawns and gardens with seating options and a children's play area all form part of the plans.
"The design of Domino Park aims to create a space that will revitalise the beauty of New York City's incredible waterfront and foster interest in the history of the site and the surrounding neighbourhood," said Lisa Switkin of James Corner Field Operations.
Developer Two Trees, which will manage the park, is also overhauling the historic factory building to create 380,000 square feet (35,300 square metres) of office space designed by preservation experts Beyer Blinder Belle.
Five new buildings across the site, which measures 11 acres (4.5 hectares) in total, will house 2,800 rental apartments – 700 of which are designated as affordable. Designed by New York firm SHoP Architects, they include a 590-foot-tall (180-metre) tower and a building with a large hole in its centre.
Two Trees has created temporary recreation spaces on the site for the past four summers. The park is due to open permanently summer 2018, ahead of the office campus' completion, while the first of the residential buildings on the site, at 325 Kent Avenue, is set to open in June 2017.
Citing unnamed police sources, local media including NBC News and The New York Daily News said the suspect was detained on Sunday night but has not been charged.
A police spokesman could not immediately confirm the reports.
Police have yet to establish a motive behind Saturday's murders and have said there was no evidence the men were targeted because of their faith.
But they have said nothing was being ruled out. Residents demanded authorities treat the brazen daylight shooting as a hate crime.
The gunman stalked the pair from behind and shot both in the head at close range at about 1:50pm (1750 GMT) in the Ozone Park neighbourhood of Queens, one of the city's five boroughs, police said in a statement.
The victims, identified as Imam Maulama Akonjee, 55, and Thara Uddin, 64, were wearing religious garb, police said.
Officers found them bleeding in the street and took them to a hospital where they were pronounced dead.
"While we do not yet know the motivation for the murders of Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin, we do know that our Muslim communities are in the perpetual crosshairs of bigotry," New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a statement.
"Rest assured that our NYPD will bring this killer to justice."
The men were attacked a couple of blocks from the Al-Furqan Jame Mosque, from where they had just left afternoon prayers. Ozone Park, a diverse, largely working-class neighbourhood, is home to a growing number of Muslims of Bangladeshi descent.
Millat Uddin, 57, an Ozone Park resident not related to the one of the victims, said both men were born in Bangladesh. He said he was close to Akonjee, describing him as a "docile, calm" father of seven who was beloved in the neighbourhood.
"What matters most is harmless people have been shot dead, regardless of whether this was a hate crime," he said. "Our community's heart is broken."
Akonjee was carrying $1,000 in cash with him at the time of the attack but the money was not taken, the New York Times reported.
"I have never felt this kind of tension," said Nizam Uddin, 57, a taxi driver who said he knew both the cleric and his associate. He also was not related to the associate.
‘Makes all Muslims scared'
Police released a sketch of a male suspect with dark hair, a beard, glasses, and of medium complexion. He appeared to be in his 30s or 40s.
NBC reported the man being questioned matched the description.
The shooting appeared to be the most violent attack against local Muslim leaders in recent years, said Ibrahim Hooper, national communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), a civil rights and advocacy group.
A report in June by CAIR and the University of California at Berkeley said the number of recorded incidents in which mosques were targeted jumped to 78 in 2015, the most since the group began tracking them in 2009.
Hooper said he could recall incidents in which an imam was pushed, called names or otherwise harassed. "Things like that, but nothing of this nature, nothing where people were killed," he said.
CAIR offered a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the shooter.
Witnesses saw the assailant, dressed in a dark shirt and blue shorts, fleeing with a gun in his hand, police said. Surveillance footage showed the suspect following the victims.
Mohammed Ahmed, 22, who works at his father's corner store on Liberty Avenue just two blocks from the shooting, said he heard the shots while he was at work.
"It makes all the Muslims scared," he said. "Last time someone got shot in this neighbourhood that I know of was probably 2001."
Dez Bryant will soon be a free agent, after the receiver failed to agree to a new contract with the Cowboys. Why would the team be so hesitant in locking up one of the best pass-catching threats in the league? If you believe rumors, Bryant did something on video that's bad, but no media outlet's actually found the video yet.
ProFootballTalk's Mike Florio was on 105.3 The Fan while radio duo Shan & RJ briefly talked about the video. Florio jumped in to say he had also heard the rumor. According to him, "all of the major insiders" have known about this video for months, but they can't get their hands on it. You can listen to the conversation here.
Advertisement
Florio also said the Cowboys were afraid this "incident," if released to the public, would have a "Ray Rice-type of an impact." But there aren't any details of what Bryant did. It's all quite vague and weird.
Bryant somewhat addressed the issue on Twitter:
Advertisement
As for the team maybe knows about this video, COO Stephen Jones told Mike Fisher of CowboysHQ.com that it's false.
Know anything? Let's talk.
Photo: AP
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 17, 2016, 11:17 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 17, 2016, 11:18 PM GMT By Tom Costello and Bradleigh Miranda Chance
Federal Aviation Administration controllers and pilots are using new computer technology that could help flights get to their destinations faster and safer.
DataComm, an instantaneous communication system, will soon replace the back and forth radio conversations between pilots and controllers.
The new system sends text messages and computer file transfers about flight routes, air traffic and weather directly to the plane's cockpit. It cuts what has been at least a 15-20 minute verbal process down to just seconds of data transmission, which can make a big difference when dealing with unexpected circumstances.
"When you're trying to get re-routed, that is crucial because you're the one who will be able to get out ahead of the weather," FAA Administrator Michael Huerta told NBC News.
When a major storm requires planes to reroute their flights, it typically leaves pilots and passengers waiting on the tarmac. Rather than taking time to verbally confirm each and every reroute, air traffic controllers are able to send out new flight patterns, altitudes and air speeds with the touch of a button, the FAA said.
"With DataComm, a controller can give multiple aircraft their flight plans all at the same time,” Huerta said. "What that really enables a controller to do is focus on where they need to be focused on ensuring that the airfield is operating in a safe manner."
The direct transfer of information also reduces the risk of dangerous miscommunication mistakes, aviation officials say. No more garbled radio transmissions.
"Anytime we remove the human element from something, we are definitely improving the safety of our system," said Jim McAllister, an FAA air traffic controller.
The new text transmission does not rely on radio waves, which can fail if the waves are blocked by a building or gate, he added.
Related: FAA Ponders Millions of Drones Filling U.S. Skies
At this point, eight U.S. airlines and 17 international carriers plan to add the DataComm to their planes. The new technology roll-out began in Salt Lake City, Utah as part of the FAA's NextGen upgrade and the system is expanding across the country.
By the end of the year, 50 airports are set to have the new system in place.
Airlines expect faster re-routing around severe weather and traffic congestion with the new system, but they also expect to see major savings on fuel costs. Delta Air Lines estimates that each minute they save with DataComm will result in $20 million in savings system-wide.
Huerta says flight crews love the new technology because it makes their lives a lot easier.
"It reduces controller work load, it enables us to expedite flights much more quickly and to do it all safely,” he said.
As air traffic continues to grow in the U.S., the FAA works with airlines to update and implement new technology to improve safety.
"What travelers will see is fewer delays and more consistent schedules. Ultimately what we want is a very efficient system, a very predictable and reputable system that ensures that airlines can meet their schedules,” Huerta said. "And ultimately, that's what travelers want."
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
As with anywhere, high school students in South Korea like to have some fun with their yearbooks. Some students, however, have taken fun to a whole new level.
Usually, high school or university yearbook photos look, well, like school yearbook photos: benign photos of people smiling for the cameras. Here are samples from over the years (via Naver and Daum):
In some pics, there might be posing or peace signs as in this university yearbook photo, via Kookje:
Advertisement
But then, there are some annuals with truly unusual pics. "Bizarre yearbooks," if you like!
Advertisement
And this guy is just a funny fucker:
Advertisement
Here are some more unusual photos:
Recently, the photos from Jeonju Haesung High School have appeared on Korean site Today Humor. You can see slight glimpses of the other students, so it doesn't seem like all of them went out for their photos. But the ones that did? Bless them.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
2014년 졸업생 졸업앨범 [Today Humor]
흔한 남자 고등학교 졸업앨범 [흔한 남자 고등학교 졸업앨범]
어느 고등학교 졸업앨범 개성시대 엽기 졸업앨범 [지니짱스토리]
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter @Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
Virginia Heffernan is author of Magic and Loss: The Internet as Art.
One of the bizarro lessons of our bizarro time is that inside every taciturn lawperson is a tweeting fool who longs to go wild with emoji, memes and subtweets thick with innuendo.
These days, when notable squares—Preet Bharara (joined February 2017), Walter Shaub (joined February 2017), Sally Yates (joined June 2017), Renato Mariotti (joined July 2017), John Brennan (joined September 2017)—exit the discretion of a law firm or a government office, they strap on their dancing shoes and head to the Twitter disco. And off they go, posting selfies and threads, joking about the banality of bots, unpacking l'Affaire Russe and, of course, sniping at Alan Dershowitz. It's now hard to remember Twitter before the newly liberated JDs and ex-agency heads arrived. Their passion for the weirdness of the platform is precious, and useful. I hope they never go away.
Story Continued Below
One of the more intriguing lawman-newcomers to Twitter is James Comey, an American citizen so pious he once taught Sunday school. While some of the nation's other high clerics, disinhibited by the pounding Twitter beats, goof around, rib one another, advertise themselves and pounce on every table scrap from the news banquet, Comey has chosen to play the platform a little bit differently. Once or twice a week the former FBI director expresses himself in pensive photos and sententious needlepoint quotations about the importance of leadership, justice and goodness. He is a man using Twitter not to connect but to disconnect—to position himself as singularly wise, a sermonizer in possession of a privileged relationship to truth itself.
In fact, what might be called “Justice Twitter” has found in Comey its bleeding deacon. And whatever Comey posts—especially his favorite Bible passage, about justice coming down like an ever-flowing stream—is seized on like a splinter of the true cross, and evidence that maybe, maybe, maybe America's deliverance is nigh.
But let's go back a bit.
It's not that Comey declined to tweet before he became @Comey of the needlepoint aphorisms. Instead, back when he was the unfired FBI chief, he posted anonymously as @projectexile7 and then, when Trump pink-slipped him, as @FormerBu. Both @-handles came with the name Reinhold Niebuhr, an homage to the liberal Protestant theologian and political philosopher, Comey's longtime intellectual hero. In 1982, as a senior at William & Mary, Comey wrote a thesis on Niebuhr and the televangelist Jerry Falwell, arguing that because humans are too selfish to emulate Jesus's infinite and self-sacrificing love, they must express love through the pursuit of justice. In Comey's analysis, Niebuhr and Falwell were both on the right road. Even his intellectual roots are bipartisan.
Niebuhr is famous for having composed the Serenity Prayer, that AA-meeting closer about having the wisdom to distinguish between what we can change and what we're stuck with. But his corpus also includes Moral Man and Immoral Society, a 1932 treatise on individual versus collective sin, and the imperative of each one of us to resist the corrosive influences of political factionalism. To this day, this subject preoccupies @comey. Indeed, the book's title alone might describe Comey's relation to Twitter. Unlike Shaub, Mariotti and Bharara, Comey rarely replies to others, or retweets them. Instead, he processes grandly through the platform like an archbishop through a packed cathedral. He appears not to notice the other 329,999,999 of us.
The first tweet on Comey's current account is his least Comeyesque. He posted this juvenilia on March 30, 2017, before he came out as himself and changed his handle, though it's retroactively attributed to @comey. Back then, he was still running the FBI, and his tweet, though suitably cryptic, is more fun than his post-firing tweets have been. It is a link to FBI's recruiting site illustrated by a photo of Will Ferrell as Ron Burgundy overlaid with blocky white letters that say “I'M NOT EVEN MAD / THAT'S AMAZING.”
A Ferrell meme might be too coarse for Comey now, but it's useful that he left this subtweet, which was construed by obsessives as a coy response to an article in Gizmodo by Ashley Feinberg the previous day. Feinberg, having heard that Comey at a security conference had let slip that he had a stealth Twitter account, used her digital investigative skills to track him to his nom de guerre and hidey hole. Comey's amazement, presumably, is at Feinberg's resourcefulness in finding him. Linking to Fbijobs.gov is a not-unclever way of suggesting—no doubt in jest—that the ingenious Feinberg come work for him.
Beginning in October, Comey, sacked and now posting under the handle @FormerBu, started finding a more expansive and personal Twitter voice. He now tweeted photos of mundane, tranquil scenes from places so patriotic as to be clichés: West Point, the Statue of Liberty, Gettysburg, the cornfields of Iowa. Even if he was the enemy of the American president, he was a friend to America, he seemed to be saying. As many anti-Trump Americans have found, this can be a fine needle to thread. At Little Round Top, where the warrior-intellectual Joshua Chamberlain (a Republican!) led his Maine regiment in the famous downhill bayonet charge against Confederate troops, Comey said he was thinking about “leadership and values.” These happen to be the subjects of his forthcoming book, A Higher Loyalty. At another stop on his October jaunt, he tweeted a photo of some birds that got him “thinking about Neibuhr's Serenity Prayer.” Birds are nonpartisan. And these birds indeed seemed sober.
Iowa, where Comey is not from, seemed to carry some thick nostalgia for him, as he noted it was “good to be back.” Finally, on October 23, Comey, still under the Niebuhr name, posted a photo of himself. Twitter went wild! There he was, all inimitable and incorruptible 6'8” of him on a stretch of road looking out at the splendid plains of our great nation. Comey is “taller and funnier in person,” according to his Twitter bio, which is weird because he's damn tall in non-person. There he was, then, presiding over amber waves of grain, presiding like a kind of Paul Bunyan, over America itself. And if there was something uncanny about the image—it looked, to be honest, not a little bit photoshopped, and who was behind the camera?—it was definitely James Comey. “Goodbye Iowa,” he wrote. “On the road home. Gotta get back to writing. Will try to tweet in useful ways.”
Tweet in useful ways?
Utility on Twitter is difficult to measure. But it's hard to imagine that Comey's next and current act on the platform—tweeting shopworn passages of Scripture and other classics—is meeting an immediate need. Still, since he evolved from his photo period, platitudes have become the Comey way—pontifical stuff from the Bible, but also from Winston Churchill, Jane Addams, Thomas Jefferson, Martin Luther King Jr. and Edmund Burke. Only rarely does he dip into the Twitter fray. He once tweeted someone else's article about his book. He retweeted a piece of a David Brooks column about how moderates are great and idolatry bad. He also tweeted a photo of his wife, encouragement for the Giants and evidence he'd been to a Bruce Springsteen concert. But for the most part, he's sticking to evangelism.
And you could be forgiven for thinking that most of his moralizing is for the benefit of one man: Twitter's highest-profile user. On December 8, Comey tweeted a line from Burke: “Applause is the spur of noble minds, the end and aim of weak ones.” It's not too hard to guess which fame-ravenous American president Comey had in his sights. In November, now subtweeting the president's continual assertion of his superiority to the laws that bind the rest of us, Comey stumped for humility, quoting Addams: “The essence of immorality is the tendency to make an exception of myself.” (OK, I have to admit I like that one. Earnestness on Twitter is a guilty pleasure.)
How about this for earnest? Late on Tuesday, December 19, Comey tweeted: “Don't let them get you down: ‘We cannot absolutely prove that those are in error who tell us that society has reached a turning point, that we have seen our best days. But so said all before us, and with just as much apparent reason.' Thomas Babbington Macaulay (1830)” Very probably Comey does not know what it means to subtweet—to respond to a person or phenomenon without naming it directly—but he's a virtuoso at pushing back at generalized Trumpian evil without saying he's avenging anything. (Yet more virtue-signaling from Comey: The conservative historiographer Gertrude Himmelfarb insists “there was a time when anyone with any pretension to cultivation read Macaulay.”)
All this talk of fame and applause and society, however, is secondary to Comey's No. 1 theme: Justice. Reinhold Niebuhr is going strong in the feed. “Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary,” Comey tweeted in October. More recently, he quoted King— “The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice”—but attributed it to Bruce Springsteen “quoting Martin Luther King, Jr.” If there's a noble alpha male in sight, Comey is going to namecheck him.
And then of course there's the passage from Amos 5:24, which he tweeted with an Instagram photo of the formidable Great Falls, along the Potomac River. “But justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream.” Comey uses a modern translation of this passage from Amos, who was one of the minor prophets of the Torah, and to be a brat I might say I prefer the King James, which still echoes in the baritone of King: “Justice rolls down like water and righteousness like a mighty stream.”
Whichever way justice is rolling down, though, people love to hear about it. Anyone fired by Trump enjoys special status on Twitter, but even in that elite group Comey is special, since his firing occasioned suspicions that Trump had obstructed justice and, of course, also led to the appointment of Robert Mueller, who is shorter than Comey but no less upright. To keep laying the religion on thick: Comey is like Adam, who had to fall so Mueller—our redeemer—could rise. With 570,000 followers, Comey has more adherents than, say, Sikhism in the U.S.
On December 22, Comey surprised his followers by switching abruptly from piety to politics. He has defended the FBI before but now he issued a sharp rebuke to the agency's attackers: “Sadly, we are now at a point in our political life when anyone can be attacked for partisan gain. James Baker, who is stepping down as FBI General Counsel, served our country incredibly well for 25 years & deserves better. He is what we should all want our public servants to be.” Comey tweets more in sorrow than in anger, but as far as sectarian attacks on the law go: @comey is not having it.
His tweets regularly draw tens of thousands of engagements, and commenters say things like, “There are times when the calmness of your tweets is the only thing that keeps me from despair.” And “#ComeyIsMyHomie.” (Mueller doesn't tweet, but if he did his tweets would probably be so high-minded they'd make Comey's feed look like a godless Russian bot's.)
No doubt Comey himself, however strong his faith, aims to keep himself from despair, too. To be fired by a barbaric president only to be smeared by that same president as a “nutjob” must have induced moderate-to-severe nausea even in Comey, who is not known for fainting spells. He may, then, be tweeting his way back to his happy place. And that use of Twitter should not be disparaged. Because while Comey enacts his comeback, he really does hold a place for justice, an ideal of justice—even if, as in his own controversial career, applied justice can fall short, very short of that lofty standard, down here in the mortal and weedy cornfields.
LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Syrian refugees in Jordan are finding it very difficult to get medical care because of Jordanian fees and bureaucracy, and shrinking humanitarian financial support, rights group Amnesty International said on Wednesday.
A Syrian refugee boy plays in front of his family tent at the Al Zaatri refugee camp, in the Jordanian city of Mafraq, near the border with Syria, January 18, 2016. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed/Files
Many refugees cannot afford the fees for medical care imposed by the Jordanian government in 2014, and some, injured in the Syrian conflict, have died after being turned away at the border, Amnesty said in a report.
There are 630,000 Syrian refugees in Jordan registered with the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR), the vast majority of them living in poverty outside the refugee camps, Amnesty said.
“Lengthy bureaucratic procedures and additional health care fees pose huge obstacles to those of them requiring medical treatment,” Sherif Elsayed-Ali, head of refugee and migrants' rights at Amnesty International, said in a statement.
“The user fees imposed by Jordan may not appear to be high but are unaffordable for most refugees who are struggling to feed their families, and leave many unable to access the critical care they need.”
Refugees who have left the camps unofficially or re-entered Jordan after going back to Syria are not eligible to receive documents required by the Jordanian authorities to obtain public services, including healthcare, it said.
Falling humanitarian support has contributed to the problem, as only 26 percent of Jordan's funding requirements for health had been met at the end of 2015, Amnesty said.
Some refugees with critical injuries have been denied access, despite a provision allowing entry for those with war-related injuries, since Jordan imposed restrictions in 2012 on Syrians trying to cross the border, Amnesty said.
The main reasons for refusal of entry were lack of identity documents (ID) or the injuries not being life-threatening, it said.
In July, 14 injured people, among them five children with shrapnel wounds, were prevented from entering Jordan and four of them died while waiting at the border, Amnesty said.
“To not even allow entry to people who are fleeing a conflict zone with serious injuries because they don't have ID papers shows a chilling lack of compassion and appalling disregard for their rights to health and life,” Elsayed-Ali said.
Some 58 percent of Syrians with chronic conditions lacked access to medicines or other health services, Amnesty said, citing UNHCR figures.
“Greater international support in the form of more resettlement places for refugees and financial assistance would make a world of difference by enabling the Jordanian authorities to strengthen the health system and remove barriers that are preventing Syrian refugees from accessing crucial health care,” Elsayed-Ali said.
The Jordanian government was not immediately available to comment.
We know what you're thinking
IMAGINE browsing a website when a saucy ad for lingerie catches your eye. You don't click on it, merely smile and go to another page. Yet it follows you, putting up more racy pictures, perhaps even the offer of a discount. Finally, irked by its persistence, you frown. “Sorry for taking up your time,” says the ad, and promptly desists from further pestering. Creepy. But making online ads that not only know you are looking at them but also respond to your emotions will soon be possible, thanks to the power of image-processing software and the ubiquity of tiny cameras in computers and mobile devices.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Uses for this technology would not, of course, be confined to advertising. There is ample scope to deploy it in areas like security, computer gaming, education and health care. But admen are among the first to embrace the idea in earnest. That is because it helps answer, at least online, clients' perennial carp: that they know half the money they spend on advertising is wasted, but they don't know which half.
Advertising firms already film how people react to ads, usually in an artificial setting. The participants' faces are studied for positive or negative feelings. A lot of research, some of it controversial, has been done into ways of categorising the emotions behind facial expressions. In the 1970s Paul Ekman, an American psychologist, developed a comprehensive coding system which is still widely used.
Some consumer-research companies also employ goggle-mounted cameras to track eye movements so they can be sure what their subjects are looking at. This can help determine which ads attract the most attention and where they might be placed for the best effect on a web page.
This work is now moving online. Higher-quality cameras and smarter computer-vision software mean that volunteers can work from home and no longer need to wear clunky headgear. Instead, their eyes can be tracked using a single webcam.
One of the companies doing such work, Realeyes, which is based in London, has been developing a system that combines eye-spying webcams with emotional analysis. Mihkel Jäätma, who founded the company in 2007, says that his system is able to gauge a person's mood by plotting the position of facial features, such as eyebrows, mouth and nostrils, and employing clever algorithms to interpret changes in their alignment—as when eyebrows are raised in surprise, say. Add eye-movement tracking, hinting at which display ads were overlooked and which were studied for any period of time, and the approach offers precisely the sort of quantitative data brand managers yearn for.
At present the system is being used on purpose-built websites with, for instance, online research groups testing the effect of various display ads. The next step is to make interactive ads. Because they can spot the visual attention given to them, as well as the emotional state of the viewer, these ads could tailor their responses.
As similar gimmicks become widespread, privacy concerns will invariably mount. People would need to give consent to their webcams being used in this way, Mr Jäätma admits. One way to persuade internet users to grant access to their images would be to offer them discounts on goods or subscriptions to websites.
Realeyes is also working with Kaplan, an educational-services company, on a project in Hungary which is using the system to measure how children respond to virtual games that teach them English. The hope is that by performing the same emotion-reading trick that marketers use, the type of tasks and the characters that appear in them can be made more engaging.
The technology would make computer games more engaging, too. Sony, for one, thinks that reading players' emotions with webcams would let software pick up on their subconscious behaviour and change the game in ways that would enhance the experience. The company claims that in the future it will be possible to have something like a detective game in which the camera can read players' faces and measure their heart rates in order to have a stab at deciding which ones are lying.
In fact, webcams that monitor a person's heart rate are soon to appear. Instead of sticking sensors onto the skin, Philips has developed a vital-signs camera system which the Dutch company says can measure heart and respiration rates extremely accurately. To calculate the heart rate the camera detects tiny changes in the colour of the skin. These changes, imperceptible to the human eye, occur as the heart pumps blood through the body. The person's breathing rate is measured by detecting the rise and fall of his chest. The firm will soon launch an app for Apple's iPad 2 which will allow people to measure their own heart and breathing rates using the two webcams in that device.
Philips is developing the technology as a contactless system to keep a virtual eye on hospital patients, such as newborn babies, who might find conventional monitors distressing. The company is also eyeing anxious parents who always want to know what their tots are up to, as well as anxious coaches and their athletes. Advertising firms will, no doubt, be just as keen to measure heartbeats, especially for ads designed to get pulses racing. Those who find it all smacks of Big Brother can turn their webcams off. If you are playing online poker, that is probably a wise idea.
From The Blaze, one of the most insane cases of egalitarianism I've ever read:
The U.S[.] Education Department's Office for Civil Rights has forced a school in Michigan to tear down a brand-new set of bleachers for its boys' varsity baseball team because the new seating is nicer than the girls' softball bleachers.
Notice it was the DOE's Office for Civil Rights that did this. Making sure we all have the same vantage point of a baseball game is a matter of “civil rights” now. The right to vote, the right to be free and not a slave, and the right to not have worse seating than someone else.
The raised seating deck for the boys' baseball team, which was paid for with money raised by parents, was put in place because fans who'd come to watch games at Plymouth High School in Canton, Mich., were having a hard time seeing the game through the chain-link fence […].
The parents installed the new bleachers themselves and even added a new scoreboard to the field, [WJBK-TV] reported.
Ooh-hoo, big mistake, parents. There's nothing a government bureaucrat hates more than initiative and hard work.
But after an investigation by government officials, which was prompted by an anonymous complaint, the school was told it had to remove the new seating because it was “no longer equal” to the adjacent girls' softball bleachers….
There was the additional issue that the new bleachers were not handicap-accessible (the solution for which, I might add, would be to add a ramp, not tear down the whole thing…but then, this is the government we're talking about). That handicap-accessibility matter, however, was only a secondary reason for tearing down the bleachers. The primary reason was that they were not as crappy as the girls' softball bleachers.
The problem with egalitarians is that they try to make everybody equal. It sounds noble, but it's unrealistic. Nobody is equal. Worse, the only way they can create equality is by lowering everybody to the lowest common denominator. If some students are smart enough to understand a complicated school lesson, but other students are not, egalitarians would want to make the lesson easier so that the less smart students can understand it as well. But then the smart students' brains are not being challenged anymore.
Instead of trying to work for the betterment of the less smart, egalitarians try to make the smart people less smart because that's much easier. Instead of trying to work toward giving better seating to the girls' softball team, egalitarians demand we all suffer crappy seating as well. It's loads easier for those with seats with unobstructed views to give up their seating and go sit on bleachers with obstructed views than to build a new, better set of bleachers for the girls.
We all suffer equally. Attempts at self-betterment will not be tolerated. That is the problem with egalitarianism.
It is always an interesting day interning in the University Archives – more and more I find pleasant surprises in the collections. For science fiction fans like myself there is (until recently) an unknown treasure in the digital collection, three short fiction stories written by the American science fiction and fantasy writer C. L. Moore. Written under her legal name Catherine Moore for the IU student publication The Vagabond (a collection of poetry, essays and fiction), these stories give a wonderful view of her emerging writing style.
Thanks to a recent reference request, I began trying to find more information about Moore's time while attending IU when she attended IU Bloomington because as is the case with many other successful authors, there is plenty of detail about her later achievements and writings, but not so much about the early days. How did she get started? What did she write about? What was her life like at that time?
******************************************************************************
Born in Indianapolis on January 24, 1911, as a child Moore did a lot of reading due to being frequently ill. At the age of 18, she enrolled at Indiana University, attending three semesters from the fall of 1929 through the fall of 1930. Pictures of Memorial Hall where Moore resided give you a sense of what life was like for her here at that time. No School of Music, no Jordan Hall or greenhouse crowding up alongside. Part of that great stone wall still exists but the archway is gone.
Other images show the dining, living and dorm rooms where she lived, studied and wrote. Perhaps this is where some of her inspiration for the “Happily Ever After” story came from?
However, before officially declaring a major, she withdrew from the university due to the financial hardships of the Great Depression and returned to Indianapolis to work as a secretary.
In the 1930s and 40s, she began publishing stories in pulp magazines like Weird Tales and Astounding Science-Fiction. At the time the genre was dominated by male writers and if a woman wanted to be published she was forced to publish under a pseudonym that was either male or ambiguously gender neutral.
As an example of that mindset, Moore met her husband, Henry Kuttner – also a science fiction writer – in 1936 when he wrote her a fan letter thinking she was a man. The couple were married in 1940. Their writing collaboration under the pseudonym Lewis Padgett resulted in “Mimsy Were the Borogoves“, considered a must-read classic. You may remember recently a movie that was released called the The Last Mimzy which was based upon this story. Later in their careers, the pair moved to California to study at the University of Southern California, where Moore graduated in 1956. Sadly, following the death of her husband in 1958, Moore stopped writing fiction though she sometimes wrote scripts for television shows such as Maverick and 77 Sunset Strip and taught writing courses at USC. When she remarried Thomas Reggie she stopped writing completely though she continued to be very much involved with the Tom and Terri Pinckard Science Fiction literary salon, contributing to literary discussions with other members such as Larry Niven (Ringworld) and George Clayton Johnson (Twilight Zone and Star Trek). Moore died on April 4, 1987 in Hollywood, California, in her home.
If you'd like to read the article which resulted from this reference inquiry and learn more about C.L. Moore check out this recent article in Kirkus!
Earlier in 2013 I happened upon Garden of Eden, an exquisite parcel created by Liara Okiddo. Just 8192 sq m in size, the parcel was a veritable tour de force of design and presentation, demonstrating just what could be achieved in a small space, given a keen eye and patience.
Garden of Eden is now sadly gone; not because Liara has moved from Second Life, but because she and her partner Lucy have moved to a Homestead region, where they've been establishing a new home and new art studio and gallery.
Liara kindly offered me a preview look at Isla Okiddo ahead of the formal opening, and while real life prevented me from being able to take up the offer when first extended, I'm pleased to say that Liara kept the invitation open, and it was my privilege recently to have a tour of the island and spend time photographing it, and I can say hand-on-heart, that it is an incredible build.
As Isla Okiddo is not yet open, I'm not providing a SLurl here; I'm saving that for when I can fully review it. However, those wishing to show their interest in seeing the island Liara has established a unique way for them to do so via another build.
As well as working on Isla Okiddo, Liara has also been developing a small airport. As with Garden of Eden, it is once again a very creative use of space, buildings, and windlight. Should you visit it, I really do recommend you accept the parcel windlight to experience the setting as intended. Liara has put considerable effort in bring the scene together, and the selected windlight really brings the setting to life.
Here you can enjoy a period setting, with a silver Douglas DC-3 sitting on the tarmac in the early morning light, waiting for the inaugural flight to Isla Okiddo. This is to be a first class flight, as the champagne on ice alongside the steps up into the plane demonstrates. Alongside the champers sits a guest book where those wishing to join the flight – registering their interest in seeing Isla Okiddo – can do so.
The airfield offers an excellent location for those wanting something a little different as a backdrop for their photoshoots – just make sure you drop word to Liara about your intent beforehand and make sure she's OK with things.
I'll be bringing more news on Isla Okiddo in the future; in the meantime, and rather than my usual Flickr slide show, here's a little preview video I put together to help whet your appetite.
Related Links
Advertisements
These flourless vegan sweet potato brownies are super gooey rich in flavour, with the crunchiness of the walnuts balancing the creamy texture – the kicker is what gives them their super creamy texture – sweet potatoes. Sweet potatoes in a brownie?! I hear you exclaim. It's true, sweet potatoes in brownies are totally a thing now and actually have a great creamy texture to them and a natural sweetness that make them perfect to use when making brownies. As a result, these brownies are totally vegan, paleo, gluten free and most importantly – delicious!
This recipe is a continuation of my collaboration with Bearfaced Groceries who I have had the amazing opportunity to work with to create some healthy and nutritious recipes to share with you all. Bearfaced Groceries are an online produce supplier who work with local farmers to deliver fresh ingredients straight to your door. All the produce is super fresh and in season – what's not to like!?
The sweet potato I used to create this recipe are from Bearfaced Groceries. I highly recommend giving Bearfaced a go-to see for yourself just how great they are! Order via this link to receive £10 off your first order!
Flourless Vegan Sweet Potato Brownies – Ingredients
260g sweet potato (one large sweet potato)
130g almond butter – recipe on how to make it yourself from scratch here
5 dates
2 1/2 tablespoons of pure maple syrup
65g cocoa or cacao powder
40g walnuts
Flourless Vegan Sweet Potato Brownies – Method
Preheat your oven to 180 Celsius.
Line a small baking tray with parchment paper.
Fill a small saucepan with water and bring to boil.
Peel and cut the sweet potato into small chunks.
Steam or boil the sweet potato chunks until soft.
Finely chop the dates and roughly chop the walnuts.
Once the potatoes are done, drain and transfer into a mixing bowl.
Mix together the maple syrup, dates, sweet potatoes, almond butter and cocoa/cacao powder.
Pour the mixture into the prelined baking tray.
Scatter the chopped walnuts over and place in the oven, middle tray, for about 30 mins.
Flourless Vegan Sweet Potato Brownies Recipe hit the spot? Check out some of my other sugar free snack recipes:
Sugar Free Chocolate Balls with Cashews Recipe
All the snacks!
Sugar Free Muffins Recipe – Chocolate and Pistachio
And you are his descendants!
Flash Gordon. Impossible to kill. Inspiration to the multitudes. Wearer of spandex (probably). What can one say about him that the millions don't already know? Well, I better hope it's at least an article's worth, because here it goes.
Crash landing in the comics in January of 1934, it was a few weeks of backstory until he then crash landed on Mongo with his pals Dale and Dr. Zarkov. Most of you know the rest, but I'll sum it up for those don't, then cut them off forever. Flash finds Mongo in the grips of well-known d-bag Ming, the people oppressed and the band Queen looking for a hero to write a soundtrack for. He proceeds to kick-ass everywhere he goes, rallying the various fractured people's who live under Ming's thumb, and finally overthrows the evil regime and they all live happily ever after. Except whom wants to kill a cash cow, and so they kept making up new adventures and Flash appeared in the comic pages for 50 more years. He also appeared in comic books, on lunch boxes, in movies, on television, and was merchandised in any way possible just as Ming would have liked it. Little known fact, they also named the flash drive after him. I can't back that up.
The Grandfather of all our Jedi
I must now interrupt my narrative to point out this brilliant segue from my last article into this one. Also, I might be out of ideas. Moving on like a comic book…
Alex Raymond was the genius behind Flash Gordon. His story wasn't wholly original, most stories aren't, but he did tell a good one. His art, though, his presentation, and his more mature storytelling style were revolutionary to comics and then to science fiction in general. Lauded as one of the greatest artists of all time, his work was influential in many fields. Since this is an article, I will now begin to tell you about them.
If you've seen comics from the 30s and before, they drew in a style that can best be described as cartoon-y. Take a look at old Popeye and Mickey Mouse comics and you'll see what I mean. (Or take a look at some classic strips at FlashGordon.com – Chuck) Lots of lines representing movement and round bodies and faces, puffs of smoke to denote aggravation and the complete ignorance of physics. It was basically Bugs Bunny stuff, which is cool. Alex Raymond, however, changed all that. He drew a comic meant to be played straight, not for laughs nor with a wink. It was a serious action comic and it pretty much blew everyone away. Movement and kinetic effort was expressed without campy squiggles or speed lines. When someone was running he had to show dynamic action in static poses, and this style influenced everyone after him forever to this day. You personally, you're reading this, I can tell you two things about you; first, you are not my wife because she never reads my stuff, and second, you LOVE this style. How do I know, because you love comics, and comics are all about this. Think Superman in flight, legs taught, hands balled into fists, one arm out in front pointing forward, eyes raised to the horizon, jaw clenched in strength. He's flying, dammit! That pose, that representation of motion with static pose, that right there is a hallmark of Alex Raymond.
That kind of depiction, the hero with his chest out while straining against his bonds, the villain charging with legs striding and sword held high over his head, the heroine falling through the sky with her hair whipping about her, all that is so iconic most of us don't even stop to think it had to start somewhere. We take it for granted that those are natural depictions of people in those situations and so have always been around as long as art has been around. Well, they haven't. This type of art, the kind we find in all comic books today, is an invention of the 20th century, and the Flash Gordon comic is a major point of dissemination from whence this paradigm spread into the pop culture we consume today.
Hey, Remember I mentioned Superman and told you his flying pose was influenced by the art in Flash? So was his uniform. You know that thing, nowadays we all assume to be spandex, that almost every superhero wears now thanks to Superman? That came from Flash. Not only Flash, but almost every character in the comic wore colorful tights and had their personality fleshed out via their costume. Siegel and Shuster just copied that and then Batman and Hawkman and then it became a thing and now it's permanent. It's a really great way to utilize the visual aspect of the medium to help define your character. It also bled into other mediums, as it was ported over to the very popular Flash movie serials from the 30s and soon it became a thing in movies too. Pretty much any visual medium that we consume today, especially anything scifi, superhero, or comic related has been influenced by Raymond. That's a pretty big swath.
And just like I referred to above, that includes the Jedi. As has been reported way too many times because we get it, Lucas was looking to make a Flash Gordon film but couldn't get the rights, so he made Star Wars. That's right, Star Wars, that most beloved of IPs, that maker of billions of dollars, that saga that will live in pop culture until the heat death of the universe, is just a re-skinning of Flash Gordon. Luke? Flash. Han Solo? Barin, who marries the Princess, Aura (Leia). Chewy? Thun the lion man. The Emperor Palpatine? The (unfortunately racist Asian caricature) Emperor Ming. Obi Wan? Dr. Zarkov. Leia? Dale Arden. Carrie Fisher was so luminous that she was the distilled womanhood of two female characters. R2D2 and C3P0? That annoying shit is all original Lucas. Umm, except stolen from Kurosawa. Aaaand here comes the hate mail. It's ok that I hate things you don't! Cute robots suck!
Savior of the Universe!
There is a large portion of my audience tonight that has been waiting for this and so now I will make them happy. The rights holder to Flash Gordon, Dino DeLaurentis, once he saw the butt-load of money Lucas made, decided to make his own Flash Gordon movie. FLASH!! AHAAA!! SAVIOR OF THE UNIVERSE!! You can lie, but I know that this song has been playing in your head the whole time you have been reading this, so now I've said it out loud and you can feel the relief. Smoke ‘em if you got ‘em.
Anyway, this version of Flash is as well-loved as a campy and terrible movie can be. It didn't do well enough to spawn a sequel or merchandising, but it is truly a classic film that many, many people adore and rightfully so. It is one of the best terrible movies ever made. I take that back, it is THE BEST terrible movie ever made. It is so good, so well put together, so exciting and so memorable that I'm sure people will be buried with a copy. It's one of the best movies you'll ever see, and its campy style captures just the right tone for the story it wants to tell. I don't know who decided it should be campy (it was DeLaurentis), but he was right. That movie was perfect and I'm not sure it would have held up to the juggernaut of Star Wars if it had been played straight. In the end, it didn't hold up entirely, and has been completely overshadowed by it's little brother, but it still achieved cult status and has seen homages in movies and tv shows decades later.
It's a bad movie, with an absolute killer soundtrack from Queen, and a fantastic visual style (thanks Alex Raymond!) that transforms it into a great movie. Quotable, enjoyable, earwormy-y, it is an absolutely memorable experience and if you haven't seen it then I'm not your friend anymore until you do.
Why all of the sudden Flash love?
Well, beyond the fact that a Flash movie has been in the works for about a decade and might get made soon, there is the big news in the RPG world that Pinnacle Entertainment, makers of the game Savage Worlds, are, as of this writing, running a Kickstarter for a Flash Gordon supplement to their popular RRPG. For RPG fans, comic fans, and fans of Flash, this is big news and I'll tell you why because that is why we write articles, to tell.
Among the exciting aspects of this is the adoption of the Flash IP by the RPG that is best suited to run a Flash game. Flash was, at its heart, a pulp comic. It was filled with narrow escapes, cliffhangers, death-defying stunts, and larger-than-life characters. Savage Worlds is an RPG that runs in the same vein. It's tag line is ‘Fast, Furious, Fun' and the game plays that way. It's the pulpiest of all RPGs and aligns closely with this mentality. You'll find yourself having a fantastic evening of explosions, chases, and Ming-punching when you play this game, just like you all want to.
On top of that, the design of the components is, keeping true to Raymond's influence, highly appealing and of the best quality. This is a hallmark of Pinnacle's products and thankfully so because I have backed all of their Kickstarters and they haven't ripped me off yet. Browse over to the Kickstarter page and see how beautiful and colorful the books and doodads are. I mean, they really got the aesthetics right.
To bring the game even more in line with the Flash ethos, this supplement introduces new mechanics into the game that allow the players to up the drama and the action. New rules such as Cliffhanger and Conviction Points can kick your story up a notch right in the middle of the fight, taking a crescendo and then finding a new note even higher. I won't spoil the exact details, but safe to say that just when your players thought their gooses were cooked, they can turn things around, only to find that their new strength has just been met with an equally dramatic twist! All of these fits seamlessly into the established Savage Worlds ruleset and is very well designed and implemented.
For those fans of comic art, the book is filled with clips from the old comic, spread out throughout the pages. Pinnacle was able to get the license or whatever the heck it is you do to use official things and they managed to really up the ante by including plenty of the original comic strips, drawn by Raymond himself. It's a nice touch.
Just to add to the goodness, Pinnacle has also got the license, or however it is you hire someone, to Sam J Jones, Flash himself! Yes, the actor who portrayed Flash in the DeLaurentis movie is writing the forward and will share some of his feelings for the IP and this will just bring this project a little closer to Flash nirvana.
There are not many days left to the Kickstarter, so hurry up and give it a once-over, if only to see how beautiful this product is. I would mention here that I am in no way affiliated with Pinnacle and I'm not a paid shill but really, you've read this article, who the hell is gonna pay me to write anything for them? If anything, they'll probably ask me to never write about them again.
And do yourself a favor and check out some of the old Flash Gordon comics. You'll find a lot that's familiar there. You may even find you've gotten a new favorite to add to your pull list. Your pull list in 1934. Because they don't make it anymore. And his name is FLASH!!
New Delhi: Buoyed by a normal monsoon in 2016 after consecutive years of drought, India's foodgrain harvest is likely to break past records, show second advance estimates released by the agriculture ministry on Wednesday.
Total foodgrain production is estimated at an all-time high of 272 million tonnes in 2016-17, 8% higher than the 251.6 million tonnes last year, and surpassing the previous record of 265 million tonnes in 2013-14.
Further, the estimates show that production of key crops like rice, wheat and pulses will be at record levels during the year. While wheat production is estimated to rise by 4.7% to 96.6 million tonnes in 2016-17 (compared to 92.3 million tonnes in 2015-16), production of pulses is likely to rise 35% from 16.4 million tonnes last year to 22.1 million tonnes in 2016-17.
Production of rice, the most popular staple, is estimated to increase by over 2 million tonnes, from 104.4 million tonnes last year to 106.7 million tonnes in 2016-17.
ALSO READ: Wholesale price inflation for January rises to 5.25% over spike in fuel prices
“As a result of very good rainfall during monsoon 2016 and various policy initiatives taken by the government, the country has witnessed record foodgrain production in the current year," the agriculture ministry said in a statement, adding, “the current year's production is also higher by 14.97 million tonnes than the previous five-year average."
While the record harvest will help keep food inflation in check, it also implies agricultural growth rate may better the 4.1% estimated by the statistics department in January, and consecutive years of dismal performance due to drought—1.2% in 2015-16 and a 0.2% contraction the year before.
Further, the estimates suggest that demonetisation of high-value banknotes in November, during the crucial planting season, did not effect the foodgrain economy. Sowing of winter crops has surpassed the five-year average, the government said earlier this month, and a record harvest will mean farmers managed to purchase seeds and fertilisers despite the cash crunch in rural areas.
Other than foodgrain, the estimates show that production of oil seeds is likely to rise 25% year-on-year, from 25.2 million tonnes last year to 33.6 million tonnes in 2016-17. This too is higher than the previous record production of 32.7 million tonnes in 2013-14.
However, sugarcane production is expected to be lower at 309 million tonnes (2016-17), compared to 348 million tonnes the year before. Production of cotton is set to increase from 30 million bales last year to 32.5 million bales in 2016-17 (one bale equals 170 kg). However, this is lower than the past record of 35.9 million bales produced in 2013-14.
Anticipating a bumper wheat crop, the food ministry on Wednesday said it will procure a record 33 million tonnes from farmers at support prices, considerably higher than the actual procurement of 23 million tonnes from the 2016 harvest. This is to prevent a likely glut affecting farm gate prices. Currently, summer pulses like arhar and moong are selling at lower than government-announced support prices following record production.
Or.... Photoshooting with the dead o.o
I think <<Name>> is sick enough to do something like that...
When i started to create that picture... i only knew that Chloe was shot but i don't know where...
That's the only reason why she has a hole in the chest too! XD
In ''my'' version, <<Name>> shot her in the chest first and then <<he,she,it>> kills her with the bullet in the head o.o.... (after <<he,she,it>> take her to the dark room with Max to make that Photo o.o)
Well... i really hope we will never see this moment in Ep. 5 o.o
I hope it so badly.. because it will break my heart! T-T
Other Life is Strange-Art:
Credits:
Made with XPS & others
: Max & Chloe
(Max & Chloe re-textured by me )
Life is Strange © Square Enix & Dontnod Ent.
When it comes to fruit, I have a pet peeve. When people talk about fruit at cocktail parties, my only quibble is something semantic: how people use the word “the"—as in, when the strawberry arrived in North America, or how the avocado is paralyzing Central American farmers. There is no single version of each fruit any more than there is a single shade of red. To say that there are washes over the richness of fruit's diversity. (Usually by this point, I find myself standing alone watching the ice melt in my drink.)
And yet, there is one fruit that deserves the “the” moniker, because it's a fruit like none other. It's the world's most consumed fruit and spans generations as food for both toothless babies and the toothless geriatric. It's soft, sweet, and easy to digest. It crosses historical eras, has been responsible for entire governments rising and falling, and has propped up beleaguered economies. If fruits were countries, the banana would be the world's superpower. If fruits were pop stars, the banana would be Beyoncé.
View Images Bananas grow best in the tropics, which explains both their past and future. These are being traded at a floating market on the Hau Giang River in Vietnam's Mekong Delta. Photograph by Mario Weigt, Anzenberger/Redux
Dan Koeppel, author of Banana: The Fate of the Fruit That Changed the World, explains how the banana found this unlikely stardom. He calls the fruit “one of the most intriguing organisms on earth” for a host of reasons. The banana's parent plant isn't a tree but an herb, and the fruit itself is a berry. The trajectory of bananas is a story of immigration, from obscure jungle species in Southeast Asia to the largest fruit crop and the fourth-most valuable food crop in the world, behind only wheat, rice, and milk.
In a globalized way, there is only one banana. There were once thousands of varieties—fuzzy ones, striped ones, ones that tasted like strawberries. And in some parts of the world, there still are. But the story of the banana is the story of how humans hyper-optimized food production. More than any other industrialized food like beef, eggs, or bread, the modern banana is a miracle of biology, and because of this, an incredible biological risk.
Of the thousands of bananas that have grown on Earth, the only one with truly global reach is called the Cavendish, which is neither the king nor queen of bananas. To most of the world it is simply the banana, cloned so many times that a banana you buy in Rome is identical as one in Rochester. This would be exciting news to Duke William George Spencer Cavendish, who first propagated the plant in 1834 and gave it his name.
The U.S. eats 3 million tons of bananas each year—a stunningly large number for a country that produces very few. They're the single-most sold item at Walmart, to the tune of 1 billion pounds annually. This despite the fact that on the list of banana producers, the U.S. ranks number 92, behind Samoa, Kiribati, and French Guyana, and produces less than one-hundredth of one percent of the world's total. (Bananas grow best in the tropics, which explains everything about their past—and their likely future.)
Global dominance, combined with a strong consumer market, masks the fact that bananas are at risk, and not just in the sense of long-in-the-future climate change. “There's a global banana crisis,” CNN reported in large block letters crawling across the TV screen earlier this year. The BBC declared the Cavendish at risk of “imminent death.” That's because of Panama disease, a suffocating root fungus from Taiwan. Since all Cavendishes are clones, if the fungus can kill one banana shrub, it can kill them all.
Panama Disease isn't new. It's been around since the 1950s, when it wiped out the Cavendish's predecessor, known as the Gros Michel, or Big Mike. When the Gros Michel banana succumbed to the fungus, the Cavendish was found to be immune, at least until the fungus mutated and started its attack all over again. Starting in the 1990s, the Panama fungus began to work its way across Asia and Africa again, this time taking aim at the Cavendish. The only thing protecting South American growers from the fungus are the two oceans surrounding it. But when someone with the fungus on their shoe can cross an ocean in a few hours, oceans provide little protection.
Pull Quote If fruits were pop stars, the banana would be Beyoncé.
In spite of everything conspiring against them, and also, in some ways, because of it, bananas are a miracle. There's hardiness in their pedigree, a stubbornness that shouldn't be eclipsed by something as measly as a fungus. The irony is that the bananas we eat today need humans to multiply. They couldn't exist on their own. Although considering how central they've been to so many people through history, I sometimes wonder which species needs the other more.
In a small, preliminary study, an experimental vaccine provoked a strong immune response against precancerous cells in women treated for cervical lesions that can progress to cancer.
Most cases of cervical cancer are caused by infection with two types of human papillomavirus, or HPV. Some women who have precancerous cervical lesions associated with the Type 16 and Type 18 strains of HPV are able to fight them off without medical intervention. They do so by producing high levels of immune cells called killer T-cells.
The experimental drug, called VGX-3100, is a therapeutic vaccine using synthetic DNA that is intended to work in patients who have abnormal precancerous changes in the cervix. It is not related to preventive vaccines meant to protect against infection with HPV. The experimental vaccine attempts to harness the human immune system to fight disease: Similar to gene therapy, the drug inserts a piece of DNA into a patient's cells to produce a protein that primes the immune system to attack HPV-altered cells.
“Our immune system is capable of protecting us from millions of pathogens,” said J. Joseph Kim, president and chief executive of Inovio Pharmaceuticals, maker of the experimental vaccine. “We want to use the existing hardware in our immune system, but use better software to train our immune system to fight off disease.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The new study, published online on Wednesday by the journal Science Translational Medicine, was very small, involving only 18 women, all of whom had already been treated with standard therapies for precancerous conditions associated with infection with Type 16 and Type 18 HPV. All 18 participants received three doses of the DNA vaccine by electroporation, in which an electric pulse accompanies the injection.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Administration of the experimental vaccine increased production of killer T-cells, which were aimed at the abnormal cervical cells altered by HPV. Whether the vaccine can actually eliminate or control precancerous cervical lesions in untreated patients will be tested in the next phase of research, the scientists said. Results are expected by the end of next year.
Other vaccines that mobilize the immune system, priming it to attack cancers like melanoma and multiple myeloma, have met with varying degrees of success. Some scientists who were not involved in the research urged caution in interpreting the findings of the new study, an early so-called Phase 1 clinical trial.
I read lots of articles these days pointing to the rapid expansion of renewable energy as a reason to be hopeful about our unfolding climate crisis. Unfortunately, the climate doesn't care how many solar panels and wind farms we build.
What determines our climate fate is how much climate-polluting fossil fuels we decide to burn. Renewables are great but only if they actually replace oil, gas, or coal. Sadly, rising renewables haven't stopped our fossil fuel burn, or our atmosphere's CO2 from continuing to rise. Instead, the new business-as-usual is one in which we keep expanding both renewables and fossil fuels at the same time.
The best available science says we need climate pollution "reductions of 90 per cent or more between 2040 and 2070." (see International Panel on Climate Change Fifth Assessment report.)
But the latest energy data clearly shows we aren't reducing fossil fuel burn. Just the opposite. We keep cranking the tap open wider every year. In a recent article, I dug into the latest "BP Statistical Review of World Energy" to illustrate the climate-sobering fossil fuel side of this story:
Fossil fuel use continues to rise every year
Fossil fuels continue to supply at least 85 per cent of global energy use
Oil and gas are expanding more than other energy sources
After reading that article, Canadian energy expert Dave Hughes pointed me to the equally sobering renewable energy side of the story. Here it is.
Demand growth swamps renewables
Hughes notes that while renewable energy is growing, global energy demand is rising much more.
To illustrate, I created this new chart on the right from the BP data.
The orange line shows the increase in global energy demand since 2009.
Compare all that new demand to the top green line showing the increase in renewable energy. As you can see, renewables expanded only enough to cover about a quarter of new demand.
In fact, all the expansion of renewables over the last seven years isn't enough to cover even the single-year demand surge of 2010. Sure that was a big year for demand as the world emerged from a global recession. But those last seven years have also been the all-time biggest years ever for renewable energy.
The situation looks even worse if you don't like the idea of relying on expanding hydropower dams. That's because hydropower expanded more than any other renewable over those years. The lower green line shows the increase from all the non-hydro renewables: wind, solar, biofuels and biomass.
So, any guesses what filled that huge gap between renewables and demand? Yep.
Fossil fuel expansion trumps all renewables
Instead of prioritizing climate-safe renewables, humanity met most of the rising energy demand by burning ever more fossil carbon. My next chart shows the renewables-crushing scale of the recent fossil fuel expansion.
The huge bar on the left shows global fossil fuel burn last year. The tiny right bar shows all renewable energy use last year. Quite a mismatch, eh? But the key thing to notice is the yellow part of each bar. This shows how much each type of energy increased over the last decade.
As you can see, we expanded fossil fuels twice as much as renewables. Actually, 2.4 times more. When people have wanted more energy, they have mostly decided to burn more fossil carbon, not install more renewables.
In fact, as the red arrows show, the last decade's increase in fossil fuels was so huge that it single-handedly exceeds all the renewable energy supply we've ever built.
In other words, all the world's hydropower dams, solar installations, biomass burning, biofuels and wind farms produce less energy than just the recent expansion in fossil fuels.
The new business as usual: more of both
Here's another chart showing how things have played out over the last decade.
The black line shows fossil fuel use. The green line shows renewables. And, again, yellow shows how much each increased over the last decade.
This chart lets you see how both fossil fuels and renewables continue to rise at the same time.
As with the previous chart, the red arrows point out that fossil fuels expanded more in this decade than all renewables combined have ever expanded.
This chart certainly shows that renewables are growing at a good clip. But it also shows that fossil fuels keep expanding even more. There is no indication here that fossil burning is going start declining rapidly as needed. I don't even see any sign it is going to stop rising!
Instead, the world isn't even coming close to expanding renewables enough to meet the annual increases in energy demand.
Cherry picking climate hope?
Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge fan of renewables. I've got grid-tie solar panels on my roof and I'm an avid daily reader of the renewable energy press. I see renewables as a critical and necessary part of a climate-sane future.
But renewables aren't the metric that will determine our climate future. Renewables can — and currently are — prospering even as fossil fuels expand and we accelerate into the climate crisis.
Focusing on just the positive renewable energy news feels to me like cherry-picking climate hope. It's tempting, for sure, but can distract from what actually determines our climate fate: how much fossil fuel we burn. And by that measure we are still heading ever further from safety while our time to turn around is running out.
Sunday, April 5th, 2015
SEQUOIA NATIONAL PARK, Calif. (KFSN) -- A small wildfire in Sequoia National Park marked an early beginning to fire season. The fire broke out just after 1:30 p.m. Saturday near the Potwisha Campground area. It topped out at 20 acres and is 100 percent contained. All roads have since reopened.Tourists hoping to get a glimpse of a national park instead got smoke, flames and an evacuation order Easter weekend."We're not that disappointed but of course a bit scared about what's going on here," a tourist from Germany said.A 20-acre fire along Highway198 closed the area for hours Saturday."At first you saw a lot of smoke coming up, but then once these planes started to do a routine and come like three at a time, one after the other, the smoke subsided," said David Hukill of VisaliaRoughly 40 firefighters aggressively attacked the brush fire to make sure it didn't spread from the Potwisha Grade area -- just five miles from the visitor's entrance.As planes flew overhead, hikers and campers were forced to pack up and make their way out of the park."That's why we always encourage people if you're going for a hike, especially this time of year, make sure you let your friends and family know where you're going, how long you're going to be out, and what time you're going to be back," said Mike Thuene of the National Park Service.Just five hours after the fire started, evacuation orders were lifted and those who thought their vacation was over got good news."No sooner had set the jack on the trailer and they said it's clear, so we're back and we're happy," said Hukill.The National Park Service is investigating the fire and say they believe someone started it.null
Lightning Strikes: Why the Tesla Model S is so incredibly fast
Gearheads everywhere are mystified by the latest news from Tesla Motors [TSLA]. They've grown up with gas flowing through their veins, loudly (and proudly) revving the internal combustion engines of their fossil fuel powered cars. Yet they're scratching their heads, how could an electric car leave them in the rear view mirror? This question was posed by the folks at Live Science*, after Tesla's P100D became the quickest production car in the world: "The only commercial cars on the planet that can beat the Tesla Model S [P100D], the LaFerrari and the Porsche 918 Spyder, each cost about $1 million and are 'tiny' two-seater roadsters. Neither was built for the masses and neither is currently being produced."
Above: The Tesla Model S (Image: Car Magazine UK)
This begs the question: "Just how did engineers at Tesla get the electric, seven-seat family sedan to go so fast?" The easy answer — they've gone from their top-of-the-line 90 kWh battery to an (even bigger) 100 kWh battery: "They're adding a bigger battery, and adding a bigger battery makes it more powerful," explains Mike Duoba, a mechanical engineer at Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois, who develops standards for hybrid plug-in vehicles. But it goes deeper than that, electric vehicles also have inherent, built-in advantages.
Built-in advantages
Case in point — for a gas-powered car: "An [internal combustion] engine is a sort of breathing animal: It has to take air in and squeeze it," Duoba told Live Science. "Those processes are not instantaneous." (In a gas-powered engine, a piston compresses a mixture of air and fuel, causing combustion, which turns the motor). Electric motors, meanwhile, don't have all those tiny moving parts. "The electronics in an electric motor are almost instantaneous," Duoba said. "There's no delay in power, no waiting for throttles to close. All those little effects add up."
Above: Torque generation in an internal combustion engine inside a gas-powered vehicle (Source: Car Throttle)
Torque mismatch
In addition, it's key to look at the torque mismatch between gas-powered cars and electric cars: "Electric vehicles can achieve their maximum torque, or the rotational force that is transmitted from the engine to turn the wheels, anywhere from 0 to 8,000 or 10,000 revolutions per minute (rpm), which roughly corresponds to speeds between 0 and 75 mph (120 km/h), said Paul Chambon, a controls engineer who is an expert on powertrains at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee."
Above: Electric vehicle torque delivery (Source: Car Throttle)
Looking at internal combustion engines: "In contrast, gasoline-powered cars cannot achieve peak torque at either a very low or very high rpm. Engines are optimized to run best with certain combinations of air flow, temperature and rotational speed. That means the torque in gas-powered engines peaks around 4,500 rpm, and that a graph of torque versus rpm looks like a domed hat... So at zero speed, gas-powered engines are not at their peak." Chambon explains, "They don't have that peak torque right away, you have to accelerate to middle speed to gain enough torque."
Above: Internal combustion engine torque delivery in a gas-powered vehicle (Source: Car Throttle)
Shifting gears
Furthermore, "The dome-shaped torque graph also has another implication: At low speeds, the torque needed to propel the car doesn't match the torque produced by the engine. As a result, manufacturers place a gearbox between the engine and the wheels, which matches engine torque to that needed to rotate the wheels at a certain rpm, Chambon said. Gear shifting creates lulls in the car's acceleration. But because electric vehicles can operate at peak torque anywhere from 0 to 10,000 rpm, they often have no gearbox like gas-powered cars. 'There's no gear shifting, that alone is probably worth half a second or maybe a third of a second,' in the 0-to-60 test, Duoba said."
Above: The new front end redesign of the Tesla Model S (Source: Motor Trend)
Better batteries
Of course, it's key to also look at Tesla's superior electric vehicle battery tech. And, according to Jordi Cabana, a chemist at the University of Illinois at Chicago, who studies battery chemistry: "In general, a battery's energy density predicts how much energy it can release (meaning how far the car drives) before recharging, while the power density (the energy density delivered per second) determines how fast energy can go in and out of the battery. That, in turn, governs how fast a car can accelerate... [the] Tesla battery helps quickly achieve these lightning-fast speeds by increasing the latter."
Above: The Tesla Model S 18650 battery cell made in partnership with Panasonic (Source: Electric Vehicle News)
Cabana also speculates: "Though exact details haven't been released, the Model S likely uses a lithium-ion battery where one layer, called the cathode, is made of a blend of nickel, manganese and cobalt oxide (NMC)... When charged, lithium ions from the cathode are driven through an electrolyte solution into the anode, which is made of stacks of graphite. Lithium-ion batteries that overheat can sometimes produce a runaway chain reaction and catch fire; to prevent that, manufacturers encase individual cells containing both a cathode and anode in protective shells. The Tesla Model S battery [pack]... has thousands of these cells."
Above: Over 7,000 individual battery cells are inside a Tesla Model S battery pack (Source: Copper Motor via Ricardo Strategic Consulting)
Battery pack architecture
Electrek reported on this week's Tesla conference call with media. Tesla CEO Elon Musk clarified some changes made to the P100D battery pack, "People often think that a battery and a battery pack is the same thing, but the technical complexity once you get to do a large number of cells in a pack is very much on the module/pack level. You can think of the cell level as being a chemical engineering problem and the module/pack level as being a mechanical, electrical and software engineering problem... The cell is the same, but the module and pack architecture is changed significantly in order to achieve adequate cooling of the cells in a more energy dense pack and to make sure we don't have cell to cell combustion propagation."
Above: Fig. 1 Current Tesla battery cooling configuration conceptualized uses a cooling ribbon that snakes through the cells. Glycol coolant is circulated in the cooling ribbon; Fig. 2 Conceptual P100D Battery cooling configuration (Source: George S. Bower)
And Tesla CTO JB Straubel added, "It is a pretty big change on the battery module and pack technology. It's a complete redo of the cooling system, which is quite unique to Tesla and that we have been improving on for many years. This new pack is the next version of that... [and] some of the key improvements that enabled the new pack are directly on the roadmap for the technologies that make Model 3 possible." That said, we look forward to seeing the battery improvements coming to the much-anticipated Tesla Model 3. With this sneak peek at the P100D, it's evident that the forthcoming Model 3's third generation battery technology will further showcase Tesla's battery dominance in the auto industry.
===
*Source: Live Science
Next →
← Previous
The San Diego Chargers have re-signed C Trevor Robinson to a 2-year contract.
The San Diego Chargers have brought back Trevor Robinson to a 2-year deal worth $4.25 million. Robinson filled in as the starter for the Chargers at the center position last season and did an admirable job. Robinson will be the backup to the center position this season.
At this time, Chris Watt is expected to be the starter at center for the Chargers. That could change with another signing onto the roster or after the draft, but Watt is expected to be the starter along side Orlando Franklin, King Dunlap and D.J. Fluker. Another lineman will likely be added to compete for a starting job.
Robinson was signed in the middle of the year after the Chargers suffered some unfortunate luck at the position. The Chargers had a number of guys go down with injury at the center spot and Robinson received an opportunity to play. Robinson showed that he could be a solid backup on the roster and earned a contract after his performance with the team last season.
We will see what other moves that Chargers pull off in the offseason. Free agency officially opens up tomorrow at a 1pm pacific time and the Chargers will be able to officially lock in Orlando Franklin to a contract and can add some other free agents as well. Will they re-sign any of their other free agents? Will they bring back Ryan Mathews and Eddie Royal before free agency opens up?
The next time you hear about the sway that Ivanka Trump holds over her father and what a powerful advocate for equal opportunity she is, I want you to remember these numbers:
Twenty. That's how many men are in, or poised to join, the president's cabinet.
Four. That's how many women.
Barack Obama's first cabinet included seven. Bill Clinton's, six. George W. Bush's, four, same as Trump's, but that was 16 years ago, and he didn't have an adult daughter who styled herself as both an influential adviser and a feminist hero. Where precisely is the Ivanka Effect?
She won't be engaging this riddle in her new book, “Women Who Work,” due out in early May, and I say that not because I know what's in it — I don't — but because I know Ivanka, or at least I've been watching her closely for a while. She doesn't take responsibility, not where dear old Dad is concerned. She takes advantage, all the while asking us to be grateful for her presence beside him.
When he behaves, word goes out that she or her husband, Jared Kushner, had his ear. When he doesn't, word goes out that it wasn't their fault, that they can do only so much and that if they hadn't valiantly moved to Washington, well, think about how much worse off we'd all be.
At least nine people confirmed to have highly infectious measles visited Disneyland parks in Southern California last month, health officials said Wednesday. Gadi Schwartz reports for the NBC4 News at 11 on Wednesday, Jan. 7, 2015 (Published Thursday, Jan. 8, 2015)
At least nine people confirmed to have highly infectious measles visited Disneyland parks in Southern California last month, health officials said Wednesday.
The California Department of Public Health confirmed seven cases of measles in the state, and two others in Utah. Three more California residents are also suspected to have measles, but those cases are not confirmed.
The nine confirmed to have measles said they visited Disneyland and/or Disney California Adventure Park in Orange County between Dec. 15 and Dec. 20, 2014. The source of the infection is still under investigation, but health officials said it's likely that a person with measles was at one of the theme parks during that time period.
A spokeswoman for Disneyland told NBC4 Thursday that it is safe to visit the park. The only dates in which visitors were at risk are Dec. 15 to 20, according to the spokeswoman.
"We are working with the health department to provide any information and assistance we can," said Dr. Pamela Hymel, chief medical officer at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
A Disneyland spokesperson said further questions will be directed to the Department of Public Health.
The Borbons of San Jose visited the theme park during the infection window. No one in the family is showing any symptoms. The family also said all of their vaccinations are up to date.
"You don't ever want to get a virus," Kristine Borbons said. "It's a little scary, but I don't think it's to a hysterical point."
The confirmed cases in California live in Alameda, Orange, Riverside and San Diego counties and in Pasadena. They range in age from 8 months to 21 years.
Six of the seven California cases were not vaccinated for measles, including two who were too young to be vaccinated, officials said. One had been vaccinated with two doses of the MMR vaccine.
2015 Southern California Images in the News
Both Utah cases were not vaccinated, a Utah Department of Health spokeswoman said.
People can be infectious with measles for nine days. Measles typically begins with fever, cough, runny nose and red eyes and within a few days a red rash appears, usually first on the face and then spreads downward to the rest of the body. Measles is a highly infectious, airborne disease.
Measles has been eliminated in the United States since 2000, but outbreaks have occurred in Western Europe, Pakistan, Vietnam and the Philippines, health officials said. Disneyland and other theme parks are international attractions with visitors from all over the world, including areas where measles are an epidemic.
More information about measles can be found on the California Department of Public Health website.
NBC Bay Area's Jean Elle contributed to this report.
Illustration from Public Domain Pictures
The Lao Tizer Band will headline the 14th annual Silver Spring Jazz Festival Sept. 9 on Veterans Plaza.
Keyboardist/composer Tizer leads an 11-piece band and his music has drawn comparisons to jazz fusion giants such as Return To Forever, the Mahavishnu Orchestra and Weather Report.
The full band's first album, “Downbeat,” is described as “an explosive mix of jazz, rock, classical, jam band influences and Afro-Cuban and world rhythms.”
The Lao Tizer Band is scheduled to perform from 8:30-10 p.m.
The festival will start with a welcome at 3 p.m. followed by a performance by the Jazz Academy of Music.
At 4:30 p.m., The Sharp Radway Quintet will play, followed by The Chembo Corniel Quintet at 5:45 p.m.
Silver Spring native Marcus Johnson rounds out the performers, taking the stage at 7 p.m. with his Urban Jam Band.
The festival is free, as is public parking, though attendees are encouraged to take Metro. Concertgoers can patronize nearby restaurants or bring a picnic. Blankets and lawn chairs are encouraged, but no alcohol is allowed.
The festival will be cancelled in the event of rain.
Follow Source of the Spring on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Sign up for our free Weekly Newsletter here. Submit events to our Community Events Calendar here. Please send tips and questions through our News Tips form, or email [email protected]
Learn how to support Source of the Spring here.
See something around town? Tag your photos on Twitter & Instagram with #SourceShots.
The purpose of prototyping in Xcode is to be able to create a super high fidelity flow using the exact same software that builds iOS Apps. In Xcode, there is no limit. You can embed beautiful interactions, transitions, animations and sounds to produce a true native experience. In this tutorial, I will focus on the Storyboard feature, a powerful tool in Xcode that allows you to build an App without a single line of code. You will be able to create a functional prototype in a matter of hours.
The end goal is to eventually be able to implement your own designs for iOS. Just like learning CSS for the Web, this will immensely help developers overcome their struggle with UI work and push the collaborative work between designers and developers. Design is how it works, Steve Jobs said. Designing static images is not enough, you need to bring them to life.
Get Xcode
Head to the App Store and download Xcode.
Start A New Project
1) Open Xcode, then “Create a new Xcode Project”.
2) Select “Single View Application”.
3) Set up project name and company name.
Setup Up App
1) Only enable Portrait orientation.
2) Drag and drop your app icons.
3) Drag and drop your launch images. It's the image that shows up when your app first loads.
The Xcode UI
The user interface is overwhelming at first, so let's focus on the crucial parts that apply to Storyboard.
Add Images
Have your App screens ready without the status bar. To add them, create a “Group”, then “Add Files To…”. You can also drag and drop images to that folder.
Make sure you have “Copy items into destination group's folder” and “Add to target” enabled.
First Screen
Now that we have the basic setup done and the images added, we can finally start Storyboarding. Go to Storyboard and drag and drop a Button from the Object library.
Why a button? Because it allows you to link to a second screen. It acts as a clickable image. Resize the button to fit the entire dimension of the screen.
When you select the button, you should see properties appearing in the Attributes inspector. The properties we're interested in are Type, Title and Image. Set Type to Custom, Title to nothing and Image to your first screen (type the name of your image and it will autocomplete).
Second Screen
Screens are called “Controllers” in Xcode. To create a second screen, simply drag and drop a View Controller, then repeat the previous step.
Connecting Screens
Xcode connects screens by a link they call “segue”. To create a segue, hold the “Control” key on your keyboard with your mouse pointer on the first screen and drag and drop on the second screen. Select “modal”. This will create a transition that slides the second screen from the bottom.
You can customize the transition by clicking on the segue (circle symbol between the two screens) and set the Transition to Cover Vertical, Flip Horizontal, Cross Dissolve or Partial Curl. Or, you can uncheck “Animate” if you don't want any animation.
The Push Segue
The Push segue doesn't work without a Navigation Controller. To create one, select the first screen's View Controller and go to Editor > Embed In > Navigation Controller. A header bar will appear on every screen connected.
To remove that bar, select the Navigation Controller, then set the Top Bar property to None.
Now, you can use the Push segue and it will do a horizontal sliding transition.
Testing Your App
Xcode comes with an iOS Simulator that allows you to preview your App. To do that, select iPhone 6.1 Simulator and click on the Run button in the far top left. An iPhone will appear and you will be able to interact with the App you've just built.
Clicking on the first screen will lead to the second screen. It's not much, but it's a major step in understanding how Storyboard works.
Download Prototype 1.0. It's what we have so far.
Header And Content
This is where it gets a lot more interactive. Inside a View Controller, you can have all kinds of Objects from the Object Library. A typical screen has a sticky header, multiple buttons and a scrollable content.
First, you must separate your header and content assets in Photoshop or Sketch. Let's remove the button we created earlier and drag in an Image Object for the header. In Attributes, set the image name. For the dimensions, go to the Size tab and set the height according to your header image.
Note that Xcode uses pt and not px units (1pt = 2px). Make sure that you use pair numbers in your assets.
On top of the header, you can drag in Button and Label objects.
Scrollable Content
To create a scrollable content, drag in a Table View and set the dimension to fill the rest of the screen. Inside that Table view, drag in a button and set the size according to your image's dimension. From that button, you can create a segue to the second screen. Make sure that you have the button selected when you do the hold Ctrl + drag and drop trick.
You will need to make sure that the Table View layer has less priority than the header. Xcode works in reverse order where the layers below take priority.
The Back Button
I'm including this function because it's really useful. I will explain it more in a future tutorial, but for now, create a Group and drag and drop these Objective-C category files. Make sure to check “Add to Targets” during import.
Once imported, you should be able to link your back button to the Exit green icon and an option called backButton will appear. Click on it.
Views and Objects
Here's a schema of how Views and Objects can be structured:
Once you understand how Views and Objects work, you will be able to customize your Controllers the way you want.
Previewing On Your Phone
Xcode allows you to preview your App on your iPhone. Unfortunately, it's a complicated process and requires an iOS developer account. Once you have an account, you must follow their instructions on how to create a Certificate and a Provisioning Profile on your Mac so that your device has permission to install the App.
Download The Template
This template should help you get started:
Simply replace the images with your own, tweak the Inspector settings, add new View Controllers and connect them using segues.
Resources
Just like in Sketch, experimenting with other people's Xcode projects is crucial part to learning. Here are some resources you may find useful:
Cocoa Controls – You'll find great open source controls to play with.
Search on Github for Xcode projects.
More to come…
Final Thought
As a designer, I would never have thought that I'd be writing a tutorial about Xcode. It's traditionally an application that appeals to developers as the barrier to entry is huge because of its complex UI and Objective-C knowledge requirement. But since Xcode 4, the addition of Storyboard allows designers to overcome their fear of writing codes and directly use an intuitive interface to produce meaningful interactions.
This tutorial wouldn't have been possible without the help of Max Tagher, our iOS developer at Heyzap who helped me through countless road blocks. If you have someone knowledgeable about iOS development, I suggest that you start getting friendly with that person and ask for help whenever you run into a problem.
This is the first tutorial of a series. In the next tutorial, I will include custom fonts, more complex flows, animations and sounds. Finding good Xcode resources is a massive endeavor, so if you have any, please do share.
An unprecedented imbalance between the supply and the demand for Toronto-area homes is exerting a disproportionate impact on the national picture, according to the Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA). Its chief economist Gregory Klump said Wednesday that he doesn't see that changing any time soon, although one bank economist suggested that the Toronto and area market may be “dangerously” overheated.
The Canadian Real Estate Association said prices won't go sideways in Toronto until affordability starts to erode sales and buyers can no longer afford to purchase a home. ( Carlos Osorio / Toronto Star File Photo )
Across the country, home sales declined 1.3 per cent between December and January, but the actual (non seasonally adjusted) sales activity rose 1.9 per cent compared to a year ago, said CREA. Its report showed dollar volume of Greater Toronto residential property sales rose 35.6 per cent year over year in January, compared to a 2.1 per cent national average rise, which was dragged down by a 51.1 per cent decline in Greater Vancouver. Read more:
Article Continued Below
New listings in Toronto fell a seasonally adjusted 17 per cent in January from a month earlier, the biggest one-month decline since 2002. Sales as a share of new listings — a gauge of how demand compares with supply — rose to a record 94 per cent. But there are different takes on how concerning that is.
Bank of Montreal chief economist Doug Porter described the Toronto region, including cities surrounding it, as being in a “housing bubble,” in a note to investors. “Toronto and any city that is remotely within commuting distance are overheating, and perhaps dangerously so,” Porter wrote.
Article Continued Below
But CREA's Klump said prices won't go sideways until affordability starts to erode sales and buyers can no longer afford to purchase a home.
“As long as we see the (Toronto area) shortage of supply there's no end in sight,” he said. What is clear, however, is that the high price of Toronto real estate — coupled with the city's unique municipal land transfer tax — is driving activity to unaccustomed high levels in communities farther and farther outside the city. New mortgage regulations introduced last year that make it harder to qualify for a home purchase are a boon to urban sprawl, said Klump. The average price for what is considered a “benchmark” home in Toronto is up 22.6 per cent from a year earlier, according to CREA. That has lifted prices for areas like Oakville-Milton to 26 per cent over the past year. Kitchener-Waterloo, Barrie and Brantford are all feeling the city spillover, said CREA. “Guelph is really emblematic of the bigger picture, which is basically driven until you qualify (for a mortgage),” said Klump. “If you want to qualify for a mortgage, that's pushing people out to places where land values aren't as high as they are in central Toronto,” he said. The full impact of the new mortgage stress testing hasn't yet been seen, he added. Realtors are urging governments to go slow on any more market cooling measures. The reach of the Toronto market's influence is coming as something of a shock to realtors in communities farther from the city, said Dianne Usher, senior vice-president of Johnston and Daniel, a division of Royal Lepage. “They've experienced fluctuations before, usually driven by very specific economic factors of a plant closing, a plant opening,” said the former Toronto Real Estate Board president. “But they're not used to being influenced by the Toronto market — you can't afford Mississauga so you go to Guelph. You work in Mississauga-Brampton, Kitchener-Waterloo and Guelph are very commutable still.” On the world stage, Toronto remains a bargain, said Usher. “We are a destination city now from a global perspective. If you look at our growth compared to the Chicagos, the San Franciscos and the Londons, we've become a world-class city but our prices are not world class yet. We're a bargain compared to New York. We are dirt cheap compared to London,” she said. Canada would have to shift its immigration policy, reverse its political stability and erode its education and health care to reverse its growing attraction in the eyes of the world, said Usher. Files by Bloomberg and The Canadian Press
This survey took place between 2-6 March 2017 and was conducted throughout all of Russia in both urban and rural settings. The survey was carried out among 1600 people over the age of 18 in 137 localities of 48 of the country's regions. The survey was conducted as a personal interview in respondents' homes. The answer distribution is presented as percentages of the number of participants.
The statistical error of these studies for a selection of 1600 people (with a probability of 0.95) does not exceed:
3.4% for indicators around 50%
2.9% for indicators around 25%/75%
2.0% for indicators around 10%/90%
1.5% for indicators around 5%/95%
WHAT DATE, ERA, OR EVENT, IN YOUR OPINION, WAS THE BEGINNING OF RUSSIAN HISTORY? (respondents were presented with a CARD; one answer; responses ranked according to the latest survey)
Jul. 03 Mar. 17 Prehistoric times, time immemorial 39 36 Kievan Rus 19 26 Christianization of Rus' 11 12 Formation of the Russian principalities 3 7 The reign of Peter the Great 10 5 The October Revolution of 1917 4 3 Founding of the Tsardom of Muscovy 2 2 Collapse of the USSR and creation of the Russian Federation (1991) 1 2 Election of President Vladimir Putin 1 2 Adoption of the Declaration of Sovereignty of the Russian Federation (1990) <1 1 Other <1 <1 It is difficult to say 10 5
WHICH PERIODS OF RUSSIAN HISTORY DO YOU FIND PARTICULARLY INTERESTING? (the respondent was presented a CARD; multiple answers; responses ranked according to the latest survey)
Jul. 08 Mar. 17 World War II 55 38 Era of Peter the Great, 18th century 42 31 History of ancient Rus (8th-17th centuries) 34 28 The “Silver Age” (late 19th, early 20th centuries) 23 18 1970s-80s, Brezhnev era 11 17 19th century 14 14 1917 Revolution, formation of the Soviet Union 15 13 1930s and 1950s (collectivization, industrialization, Stalinist repressions, creation of the Soviet superpower) 13 12 1960s (thaw, Khrushchev administration and reform) 9 10 Gorbachevs perestroika, Yeltsin administration 12 10 Late 1920s, New Economic Policy 5 6 Other 1 1 Russian history does not interest me at all 7 15 It is difficult to say 10 5
Translated by Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey (formerly Monterey Institute of International Studies).
ANO Levada Center has been included in the register of noncommercial organizations acting as foreign agents. See the Director of the Levada Center's statement of disagreement with this decision here.
About 720,000 leaflets were sent out at a cost of £15,000
Enlarge Image
Birmingham City Council has admitted sending out leaflets which showed its US namesake's skyline instead. About 720,000 pamphlets praising Brummies for their recycling were sent around the city at a cost of £15,000. But instead of showing landmarks such as the Rotunda and the new Selfridges building, it showed downtown Birmingham, Alabama, instead. Jon Cooper, 37, who spotted the error, said the council had thanked him for pointing out the mistake. Mr Cooper, of Kings Norton, Birmingham, said he had been left puzzled by the leaflet which was pushed through his letterbox. A TALE OF TWO BRUMS Birmingham, UK, has population of 1,006,500 while its US namesake has 242,820 residents Birmingham, UK, one of original centres of industrial revolution and known as City Of A Thousand Trades Birmingham, AL founded in 1871 and named after English city Also became major industrial centre US city saw riots and protests during civil rights movement of 1960s It was meant to thank residents for helping the city achieve its recycling targets early. But underneath the heading Thank You Birmingham!, it showed a photo of a city that Mr Cooper did not recognise. He said: "I had a really close look and didn't recognise any buildings that I know from Birmingham so I thought there's just something wrong here. "I'm a regular visitor to the US and I thought maybe it looked a little bit like a US city. I thought well actually there's a Birmingham in America. "So I got on to Google and found a picture of the downtown area of Birmingham, Alabama, and hey presto, there it was. "I actually thought it was pretty funny." City council officials initially claimed no mistake had been made and the "generic skyline [was] intended to symbolise an urban area". But a spokesman has now admitted the authority was at fault. "Birmingham is immensely proud of its recycling record and this leaflet has helped to get the recycling message across to thousands of our enthusiastic citizens over the last 15 months," he said. "We accept that the wrong photo was used, but the text and detail contained in the leaflet is wholly correct which is the most important message." He said it had received only one complaint about the error and there were no plans to reprint the leaflet. The mayor of Birmingham, Alabama, Larry P Langford, said he took the mistake as a compliment. He said: "People have a tendency, as you well know, to get all bent out of shape over stuff. "Life is too short. I thought it was flattering. And please continue to use the skyline - it doesn't bother me." Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
761 SHARES Share Tweet
For those waiting for our economic problems to be solved, you can quit holding your breath. There is simply not going to be a solution to our economic problems on the national level. So why is that the case? Well, it is because the economic policies of both major political parties are very, very similar when you take a close look at them. Yes, that statement may sound downright bizarre to many Americans, but it is true. Both major political parties supported the Wall Street bailouts, both of them fully support the job-killing “free trade” globalization agenda, both of them have dramatically increased the national debt when in power, both of them fully support the currency-killing policies of the Federal Reserve, and neither major political party would get rid of the income tax and the IRS. And that is just for starters. Yes, there are some minor differences when it comes to taxing and spending between the two parties, but the truth is that they are a lot more similar on economic issues than they are different. What we desperately need on the national level is a fundamental change in direction when it comes to economic policy, but we simply are not going to get that from either the Democrats or the Republicans. That means that there is no hope that the economic storm that is coming will be averted.
So why are the Democrats and the Republicans so similar on these issues? Well, a big reason is because of who they are trying to please.
The reality of the matter is that most politicians do not really care about what you or I have to say. Instead, what they are really concerned about is getting as much money for their campaigns as possible so that they can keep getting elected.
When you take a close look at the results of federal elections over the past several decades, it quickly becomes apparent that the candidate that raises the most money almost always wins.
So most politicians have learned to please those that fund their campaigns so that the money will keep rolling in.
Yes, there are a few candidates that are willing to rebel against “the system”, but they are few and far between and the major parties tend to marginalize them.
Once again in 2012, political races will overwhelmingly be won by those that raise the most cash. The following is from Politifact….
In congressional races in 2010, the candidate who spent the most won 85 percent of the House races and 83 percent of the Senate races, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. That's a large percentage, but it's lower than what the sign indicated. Indeed, the percentage for 2010 was lower than it had been in recent election cycles. The center found that in 2008, the biggest spenders won 93 percent of House races and 86 percent of Senate races. In 2006, the top spenders won 94 percent of House races and 73 percent of Senate races. And in 2004, 98 percent of House seats went to candidates who spent the most, as did 88 percent of Senate seats.
Once you understand how Washington works, it becomes easier to understand why our politicians do such stupid things.
For example, big corporations tend to donate large amounts of money to political campaigns and they love the “free trade” globalization agenda.
They love to import massive quantities of super cheap foreign goods so that they can undercut the prices of goods made in the United States.
They love to set up manufacturing facilities on the other side of the globe where it is legal to pay slave labor wages to workers.
The “free trade” agenda is great for the largest corporations, but it is horrible for the average American worker.
According to the Economic Policy Institute, the U.S. economy loses approximately 9,000 jobs for every $1 billion of goods that are imported from overseas.
Trade with other countries can be good as long as it is balanced. Unfortunately, the U.S. trading relationship with the rest of the world is tremendously imbalanced.
In 2011, the United States bought more than 550 billion dollars more stuff from the rest of the world than they bought from us.
This trade deficit has enormous consequences that most Americans simply do not understand.
Over the past decade, tens of thousands of businesses, millions of jobs and trillions of dollars have left our country.
Our industrial base is being dismantled and we are rapidly becoming poorer as a nation.
According to U.S. Representative Betty Sutton, an average of 23 manufacturing facilities a day closed down in the United States during 2010.
Just think about that.
Every single day we lost 23 more.
Overall, America has lost a total of more than 56,000 manufacturing facilities since 2001.
Why do you think cities like Detroit are dying?
The truth is that we killed them with our idiotic policies.
America has a trade imbalance that is more than 5 times larger than any other nation on earth has. We are losing wealth, jobs and businesses at a pace that is absolutely astounding.
It is neither “conservative” nor “liberal” to commit national economic suicide.
Our trade imbalance with China is particularly bad. The U.S. spends about 4 dollars on goods and services from China for every one dollar that China spends on goods and services from the United States.
Does that sound fair to you?
China slaps huge tariffs on many of our products, they deeply subsidize their own national industries, they brazenly steal technology from us, and they manipulate currency rates so that their products end up being significantly cheaper than ours.
Our trade deficit with China in 2011 was nearly 300 billion dollars. That was the largest trade deficit that one country has had with another country in the history of the world.
Yet both major political parties refuse to do anything about it.
Back in 1985, the U.S. trade deficit with China was only 6 million dollars for the entire year.
In 2011, our trade deficit with China was more than 49,000 times larger.
The consequences of this trade deficit with China are being felt all over the United States every single day.
For example, the United States has lost an average of 50,000 manufacturing jobs per month since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.
Do you support losing more than half a million manufacturing jobs a year?
If not, then you should be for “fair trade” instead of “free trade” where other nations can cheat us blind as often as they want.
The Economic Policy Institute says that since 2001 America has lost approximately 2.8 million jobs due to our trade deficit with China alone.
Do you think that the U.S. economy could use an extra 2.8 million jobs right now?
Sadly, if current trends continue things are going to get a lot worse.
According to Professor Alan Blinder of Princeton University, 40 million more U.S. jobs could be sent offshore over the next two decades.
So why won't our politicians do something?
The United States has run a trade deficit every single year since 1976.
During that time, America has had a total trade imbalance of more than 7.5 trillion dollars with the rest of the world.
That 7.5 trillion dollars could have gone to support U.S. jobs and U.S. businesses.
Taxes could have been paid on that 7.5 trillion dollars.
Instead, it went out of the country and made foreigners wealthier.
So what is Barack Obama doing about all of this?
Well, Obama has been aggressively pushing for even more “free trade” agreements. The Obama administration has inked deals with Panama, South Korea and Colombia and the Obama administration is making the Trans-Pacific Partnership (“the NAFTA of the Pacific“) a very high priority.
Well, Mitt Romney must be criticizing these moves, right?
No, Romney has actually criticized Obama for not pushing for more “free trade” fast enough.
Mitt Romney wants to make it even easier for jobs to go out of the country and for other countries to drain our wealth. The following quote comes directly from the Romney campaign website….
Access to foreign markets is crucial to growing our economy. We must reassert American leadership in international negotiations, follow through on commitments we have already made, and push aggressively for advantageous new agreements.
So we are not going to see a change in direction in trade policy no matter who wins the next election.
Well, what about the national debt?
Are there differences between the two parties on this issue?
Sadly, there are only minor differences.
Both major political parties are packed with big spenders that have been spending us into oblivion.
Since Barack Obama entered the White House, the U.S. national debt has increased by $5,027,761,476,484.56.
That comes to $16,043.39 for every man, woman and child living in the United States.
What the Obama administration and the Democrats are doing to future generations is absolutely criminal.
So what about the Republicans?
Well, when the Republicans have had control of the White House they have run up debt “like a drunken sailor” as well.
If the Republican Party wants to have any credibility when it comes to fiscal issues, it needs to publicly admit that George W. Bush was a horrible failure when it came to the federal budget.
George W. Bush was a “big government” politician that dramatically increased the size of the federal government and spent money like it was going out of style.
He was not a conservative when it came to fiscal issues, and that is the truth.
Sadly, neither political party is proposing to balance the federal budget any time soon. There are a few politicians that have suggested doing this, but they have been marginalized.
So why don't our politicians support living within our means?
Well, the truth is that if the federal government balanced the budget today, it would result in a catastrophic drop in living standards inside the United States. We are currently living in an era of debt-fueled “false prosperity”, and if that false prosperity were to disappear there would be riots in the streets of our major cities within months.
It is much easier for our politicians to continue to pile up more debt and to continue to kick the can down the road.
But this party cannot go on too much longer. Already, the United States has more government debt per capita than Greece, Portugal, Italy, Ireland or Spain.
As you can see from the chart below, we are in a whole lot of trouble….
Our foolishness will catch up to us in a big way eventually.
Another area where the two major political parties agree is that they both fully support the Federal Reserve.
The Federal Reserve is supposed to keep inflation low, but the truth is that the Fed has absolutely killed the value of the U.S. dollar. Just check out the chart below which was produced by the Fed itself. It shows how dramatically the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar has declined over the years….
Keep in mind that the chart above is using official government numbers which actually downplay how much the U.S. dollar has been debased.
If inflation was measured the exact same way that it was back in 1980, the annual rate of inflation would be more than 10 percent right now.
By any measure, the Federal Reserve has been a colossal failure for the American people. Since the Fed was created, our currency has lost more than 95 percent of its value and our national debt has gotten more than 5000 times larger.
The current Federal Reserve Chairman, Ben Bernanke, has a track record of failure that is legendary. If you doubt this, just read this article, this article and this article.
But Barack Obama just loves Bernanke. He nominated him for another term as Fed Chairman and he never criticizes anything that he does.
Thanks Obama.
So will things be any different under Mitt Romney?
Of course not.
During one Republican debate, Mitt Romney actually had the gall to try to explain to all of us why “we need to have a Fed“.
Mitt Romney says that he is “not going to take my effort and focus on the Federal Reserve“.
But the Federal Reserve is at the very heart of our economic problems.
Doesn't Mitt Romney understands that?
The mainstream media is already telling us not to expect any significant changes at the Fed if Romney wins. A recent Reuters article had the following headline….
“Analysis: A Romney win would likely change little at Federal Reserve”
Are you starting to understand why I am saying that there is not going to be a solution to our economic problems at the national level?
A great economic cataclysm is coming, and there is very little hope that it can be averted.
So what does that mean?
It means that we all need to start preparing to weather the coming storm on an individual level.
The nation as a whole may not change course, but as individuals and as families we can change course.
All of us can work to reduce our expenses, get out of debt, build up a six month financial cushion, learn to grow a garden and slowly become more independent of the system.
Both political parties are leading us down a road that will only end in economic disaster.
Instead of waiting for a “national solution” that is never going to come, you need to focus on being your own solution.
Time is short, so you better get ready.
Massachusetts received an “A-” in government spending transparency, according to Following the Money 2012: How the States Rank on Providing Online Access to Government Spending Data, our (MASSPIRG's) third annual report of its kind. State Treasurer Steven Grossman and Executive Office of Administration and Finance Secretary Jay Gonzalez accepted a giant report card today for their leadership in making government spending more transparent and accessible to the public.
Out of all 50 states, Massachusetts tied with Louisiana and came in 4th place with a score of 92 and a grade of “A-”. In order to determine how well states provide online access to government spending, each state's transparency website was analyzed and assigned a grade from zero to 100. The score is based on 13 scoring criteria measuring searchability and the breadth of information provided. Click here to check out the report card and read the release.
SEATTLE -- Police arrested four boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 16, including one walking around with a nagging gunshot wound, in connection with a violent cellphone robbery Wednesday night in downtown Seattle.
According to the Seattle Police Department, the victim was using his cellphone to film a fight near Third Avenue and Pine Street when a 12-year-old boy saw him recording the fight and knocked him into a plate glass window.The victim fell to the ground, and a 16-year-old girl grabbed his phone and ran away, according to police. When the victim tried to chase her, a 14-year-old boy reportedly knocked him back to the ground.According to police, a 15-year-old girl capped off the assault and robbery by kicking the victim multiple times while he was on the ground.Officers and detectives who happened to be on patrol in the area saw the robbery and arrested all four suspects.According to police, the 16-year-old girl was found in possession of eight cellphones, including the one belonging to the victim.Medics treated the victim at the scene and also tended to one of the female suspects, who was reportedly complaining about a gunshot wound she suffered in some earlier incident.All four suspects were booked into the King County Youth Services Center for investigation of robbery.
Whoopi Goldberg's Cannabis Line Provides Pain Relief for Women
If you're OK with oxycodone being given to people, why aren't you OK with cannabis being prescribed to people?
Whoopi Goldberg has long been an outspoken advocate for the benefits of cannabis. She even has her own cannabis brand, Whoopi & Maya, which is a partnership between Goldberg and Om Edibles founder Maya Elisabeth. Together, they are targeting a niche and underserved market in the cannabis industry—women consumers.
Goldberg tells the Daily Beast that she's proud to be starting a conversation about women's healthcare through her cannabis company, especially in a world where women's pain is often dismissed. Studies have shown that doctors often believe women have a higher pain tolerance, that women wait longer in emergency rooms, and that women are less likely to receive medication for their reported pain.
“It's frustrating, because the conversations we've been having among ourselves as women are about how we can help more women with medical issues,” Goldberg told the Daily Beast. “But we need everyone to talk about this, too… We're trying to make people more productive, to eliminate an issue that's been around for as long as women have been around.”
Last year, Goldberg talked to The Cannabist about dysmenorrhea—painful menstruation—and how she feels medical marijuana should be able to be prescribed to treat it. But, because men often don't take period pain seriously, it's hard to convince doctors and regulators that it's a legitimate and qualifying condition. She cited New Jersey governor Chris Christie saying that menstrual pain wasn't “real” pain. “The fact that people think of (women's health) as a niche market—that he didn't think of menstrual cramps as ‘real' pain—tells me that there's a lot of education to do on this subject,” she told The Cannabist.
And Goldberg is onto something, too, when she talks about women being the future of cannabis. A survey from Eaze earlier this year found that a higher number of women than men reported using cannabis on a daily basis. Not only that, Sheena Shiravi, head of PR for Eaze, told Refinery29 that female consumers are more likely to favor tincture products—like Whoopi & Maya produce—and they use lower-dose edibles and CBD-dominant products 42 percent more than men do.
Goldberg acknowledges that not everyone wants to use marijuana as a treatment, but that shouldn't stop it from being available. “You know, not everybody drinks, but we still have bars and shit—so why not dispensaries?” Goldberg asked the Daily Beast. “If you're OK with oxycodone being given to people, why aren't you OK with cannabis being prescribed to people? It's mind-boggling that people can ignore something that is this important.” She continued, “This is the new penicillin. There are so many things it helps, why wouldn't you want this in our lives?”
Currently, Whoopi & Maya products are available in 320 of California's dispensaries. The brand is now expanding to Colorado, where Elisabeth lives. By mid-November it should be available in 15 dispensaries in the state, and the company hopes to expand even more in 2018.
- 2 -
S
ILVER
L
AW
G
ROUP
11780 West Sample Road
$
Coral Springs, Florida 33065
$
Telephone (954) 755-4799
$
As a
result of Defendants' bad faith
and unfair and unlawful conduct, Plaintiff and Class Members have been prevented from accessing their protected assets.
3.
Plaintiff and Class Members seek compensatory damages, ex emplary and punitive damages where appropriate and allowed, and an injunction enjoining the continuation of
Defendants' unlawf
ul conduct.
PARTIES
4.
Plaintiff JINYAO LIU is an individual domiciled in Fairfax County, Virginia and is
s u i j u r i s
. 5.
CRYPTSY is a Florida corporation (Filing Document Number P13000010430; FEI/EIN 46-1916396) whose last known principal address and place of business is 160 Congress Park Drive - Suite 101, Delray Beach, FL 33445. 6.
VERNON is an individual domiciled in Boynton Beach, Florida; is a citizen of the State of Florida; and is
sui juris
. At all times materia l hereto, VERNON was the founder, operator, and Chief Executive Officer of CRYPTSY. Under the corporate entity known as CRYPTSY, VERNON conducted business worldwide, including with customers in the State of Florida. In essence, CRYPTSY and VERNON are one-and-the-
same. CRYPTSY is an “alter ego” of
VERNON, who dominates and controls the corporate entity to further an unlawful scheme and to
further VERNON's own personal financial interests.
JURISDICTION AND VENUE
7.
This Court has jurisdiction over the subject matter of this action pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1332, as amended by the Class Action Fairness Act of 2005, because the matter in controversy exceeds Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00), exclusive of interest and costs, and is a class action in which some members of the Class are citizens of different states than the Defendants.
See
28 U.S.C. § 1332(a) and 1332(d)(2)(A) . This Court also has supplemental
Tommy Gilligan-USA TODAY Sports
Reginald Jones remembers the day he realized that his tall, gifted son was going to need a new sport.
"Myles's last AAU tournament was at Rutgers," said Reginald. "I looked around and we have 300 black dads in the stands, and everyone thinks their kid is going to the NBA. I was looking around, thinking, 'I got up at 5 AM and drove to Jersey for this?'"
Myles, then in junior high, was playing with kids two years older in Long Island's famously stacked AAU leagues. But no matter how well Myles played, Reginald could never get comfortable with the sacrifices basketball demanded.
"The culture of basketball and football had very low graduation rates," said Jones. "The reason I know this is I was a part of that culture."
Read More: Hampton University's Lacrosse Team Aims to Break Stereotypes
In the stands at Rutgers, he had a vision of Myles going on that same path.
"After the game, we usually would stop for dinner. I kept on driving back to Long Island," said Reginald. "We needed a new sport. We had heard lacrosse, but didn't know much."
Now, a decade later, Myles Jones is a senior at Duke, an All-American, and a leading candidate for the Tewaaraton Trophy, lacrosse's Heisman. A 6'5'', 240-pound midfielder with track-star speed, Jones scored a team-high 77 points last year. In an early-season test for the No. 3 Blue Devils last weekend, he led the team with a hat trick and two assists in a 14-12 loss to No. 2 Denver.
Late last month, he was the No. 1 pick in the Major League Lacrosse college draft. The Atlanta Blaze, an MLL expansion team that will begin play this spring, made Jones their first-ever selection—the instant face of the franchise and, to an extent, the league.
Jones is expected to make an immediate impact on the field for Atlanta. Beyond that, MLL officials view the Duke All-American as a possibly transformative figure for the sport: an African-American superstar in an overwhelmingly white game.
Which is exactly what Jones wants to be.
"It's always been something I had this vision of, what I would mean to the game of lacrosse and what I would mean to the kid from an urban area who maybe was kind of discouraged by lacrosse or didn't have the opportunity to play," Jones says. "I think the African-American community in urban areas is really excited about the game, but seeing a face that's like them will give those kids some energy to want to go out and throw a ball against the wall."
The power of a superstar to drive public interest is well understood by MLL's founder, Jake Steinfeld, the eponymous pitchman and self-made fitness guru behind "Body By Jake." Steinfeld built a fitness and media empire in the 80s and 90s based mostly on his face and buoyant personality.
"He's got a lot riding on him, not for us but for him, for the brand of Myles Jones," Steinfeld says. "Because it could be huge. I hope he knows he can be the beginning of something great in terms of diversity in our sport."
Like Jones, Steinfeld played high school lacrosse on Long Island before taking up bodybuilding at the dawn of the fitness era. His big break came when Ted Turner, a fitness client, asked Steinfeld to do one-minute fitness spots for his new network, CNN, which Steinfeld cast with Playboy Playmates, provided by another client, Hugh Hefner. In 2001, after selling much of his fitness interests, Steinfeld launched MLL with a partner, believing that his boyhood sport had reached a cultural tipping point.
Lacrosse has indeed grown quickly in recent years, particularly in the South and West. In 2015, 22 states sanctioned lacrosse as a full varsity high school sport, including California, Florida, and Colorado. MLL, meanwhile, has had hits and misses: franchises in California failed to find an audience, but the league has a stable core of teams in New England and a thriving Western team in Denver. As the league follows the sport's migration South, Steinfeld says, it needs stars who can resonate in lacrosse's new, diverse markets.
"I run into people, they'll say, 'Oh, you founded the MLL, isn't that just a Northeastern game?' I wanna hit somebody when I hear that, you know?" Steinfeld says. "With what is happening with football and the concussion issue, we have a real opportunity to grow the game in these new areas."
Atlanta is MLL's third Southern expansion team, joining clubs in Charlotte and Boca Raton, but the players who pick up the game as kids, fill out elite college rosters, and make it to the pros still tend to emerge largely from affluent, overwhelmingly white leagues in the Northeast.
"It's as bad as the Academy Awards," Steinfeld says. "It's silly, but you know what? I was just out at a tournament my 14-year-old son played in. Thousands and thousands of people were there in Palm Springs. And maybe there were 20 black families. That's wrong. It's really wrong."
Jones is not MLL's first potential non-white superstar. Last year's No. 1 draft pick, Lyle Thompson, is Onondagan and, along with his brother Miles, is among the sport's most popular players. Kyle Harrison, a former Johns Hopkins player and a MLL All-Star in 2015, is black.
While lacrosse continues to grow as a college sport, the explosive growth in youth and high school participation has shown signs of leveling off in recent years. To reverse that trend, Steinfeld says, the sport needs new faces for a new audience.
"If the sport succeeds, MLL succeeds," he says. "In order for the game to grow, it has to reach everywhere, and 'everywhere' leads us to Myles Jones."
Lyle Thompson, left, in the NCAA quarterfinals last year. Photo by Chris Humphreys-USA TODAY Sports
If Jones arrives in MLL as a ready-made role model, it will be because Reginald raised him that way.
"He comes from a family of giants," Reginald says. "I'm only 5-foot-11, but both my family and his mother's family are giants. His grandfather was 6' 7''."
As early success in sports came easy and Myles grew bigger and faster than his peers, Reginald peppered his son with cautionary tales from his own youth. During the mid-1980s, as Reggie worked his way up in Long Island basketball circles, he says he watched a handful of his peers get recruited by Division I schools. None ever got a degree, Jones says, or made the NBA. Several wounds up in jail.
These were the stories Reginald made sure Myles heard over and over. There was Derek Brower, who led North Babylon High School to a state title in 1983 and who played at Syracuse but by 1990 was in prison for trafficking cocaine. And his Babylon teammate, Russell Pierre, who washed out of both North Carolina State and Virginia Tech before pleading guilty to charges of federal housing fraud.
"I call them the Long Island Class of '85 and '86," Reginald says. "There were about 10 cats from Long Island. None of them graduated. And nobody cares, because they have the next new freshman coming up behind you."
Jones at the 2013 championship game. Photo by Rich Barnes-USA TODAY Sports
After that AAU tournament in junior high, Myles picked up lacrosse—a sport his friends were already playing. As he moved up through club teams, the sidelines where Reginald found himself looked nothing like the Rutgers gym.
"We're walking into wherever the tournaments were, in Pennsylvania or wherever, we're the only black family in the hotel," Reginald recalls. "And my son is 6'2'', so he's the target. There were certain things you notice with refs, with head checks or whatever. Those things were subtle and you're going crazy because your kid is getting slashed to the face and no one is calling it. I mean, I've gotten thrown out of games and tournaments.
"But what's fun is it provided like 9,000 teachable moments. I would tell him, 'It's me and you against all of them. I got your back, what are you going to do?'"
Myles thinks Reginald probably dealt with more off-color comments on the sidelines than he ever had to on the field, where, after all, both the rules and physics of lacrosse provide 6-foot-5, well-built midfielders with a wide range of responses to mouthy opponents. But he knew that with dominance comes attention.
Myles with the next generation of lacrosse players. Courtesy Reginald Jones.
"My whole thing was to see the bigger picture," Myles says. "If there was someone who came to watch me for the first time, or if they saw it without sound and understanding the emotion, all they would see was me reacting."
By the middle of high school, Jones was a three-sport star in Huntington. As the school's quarterback, he was named All-County as a junior; in basketball, he graduated from as the school's all-time leading scorer. But knowing it was better to be a big fish in lacrosse's smaller pond, Jones skipped his senior year in football to concentrate on lacrosse and, despite scholarship offers from most lacrosse powers his senior year, he spent a post-grad year in prep school to improve his grades for admission to Duke.
In Durham, Jones sparked the Blue Devils to national championships in both his freshman and sophomore years, and was named the country's top midfielder as a junior. Unsurprisingly, there is no shortage of Vines and YouTube videos of Jones bulling his way to a goal past three, four, or five defenders from what in his path looks like a harmless youth team but is in fact, say, Harvard.
During the off-season at Duke, Jones has headlined camps and clinics in Harlem, Brooklyn, and inner-city Baltimore, where majority-black high schools with no lacrosse programs sit within a few miles of elite private schools cranking out dozens of Division I prospects a year.
"Being from Long Island, it's easy to go to the urban areas of New York and bring my experience and talk to them about playing the game," says Jones. "One thing I always tell them is what an opportunity this game can be. Someone asked me to play in sixth grade and I was like, 'OK, I'll give it a try.' Fast-forward seven or eight years later, here I am. I always try to tell them there are lots of schools adding teams and when one pops up, that's 45 slots. Why not you?"
IT WAS designed to hold 541 inmates, but Columbia Correctional Institute, a brick prison in Portage, Wisconsin, usually houses about 830. New building has helped a bit—metal bunks fill a concrete box added in 1997—but many cells meant to house one inmate now hold two. When there are more prisoners than bunks, as is often the case, beds are laid on the floor.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
“This is pretty much typical for the system,” says Gregory Grams, Columbia's warden. Wisconsin's prison population grew by 14% between 2000 and 2007 but, in the same period, the rate of violent crime rose by 23%. By 2019 the number of prisoners is expected to have swollen by another 25%, with a price tag of $2.5 billion.
Facing a $6.6 billion deficit this year, Wisconsin can hardly afford to expand its prison system further. On May 20th a special committee led by Lena Taylor, a state senator, presented draft bills to contain prison costs and improve safety. Jim Doyle, Wisconsin's governor, has proposals of his own within the state budget, which must pass by June 30th.
Wisconsin is not alone. Nearby Michigan, which spent a staggering 22% of its general fund on corrections last year, is debating reforms. Three judges in California have instructed that state to cut its prison population by one-third by 2012. And in Washington, DC, members of Congress are mulling over ways to help state governments curb their prison costs, as well as crime rates.
State correction systems have exploded in recent decades. The Pew Centre on the States, a research outfit, reports that one in 100 Americans is incarcerated. One in 31 is in prison, on parole or on probation. This is expensive. Corrections have gobbled more and more of state budgets, at a faster pace than any government service except Medicaid. In 2008 spending on corrections was 303% greater than two decades earlier.
New laws, not more crime, are the main factor. Since the 1970s, when parole boards had wide discretion to release prisoners, states such as Wisconsin have set mandatory minimum sentences and applied baseball's “three-strikes” rule to the national pastime of incarceration, often locking up repeat offenders for life. In the 1990s federal incentives prodded the states to adopt “truth in sentencing”, meaning that a court sentence would be completed in full, ending rewards for good behaviour behind bars. Mr Grams noted a change both in the time offenders spent at Columbia and in the prison's “climate”, a euphemism for whether inmates behave well or abominably.
Outside the prison walls, rehabilitation and job programmes remain inadequate. In Wisconsin 55% of those in prison in 2007 had been on parole or probation, according to the Justice Centre at the Council of State Governments, a non-partisan group advising the state.
Ms Taylor points to Texas and Kansas as examples of states where reform has begun to reverse these trends. The Justice Centre counselled both states in 2007. The ensuing policy changes expanded treatment programmes in the community and strengthened supervision of those on probation and parole. In Texas the prison population grew by only 529 inmates between January 2007 and December 2008, rather than the 5,141 predicted before reform.
In Wisconsin the governor and Ms Taylor's committee, advised by the Justice Centre, have proposed different plans, but they have much in common. Each would allow an inmate to serve a shorter sentence if he completed certain programmes, such as job training. To keep offenders from repeating their mistakes, each would improve treatments for problems such as mental illness and drug abuse.
The proposals have many critics. Mr Doyle's plan to end “truth in sentencing” has upset Wisconsin's attorney-general and legislators such as Scott Suder, who calls it the “let 'em loose early” scheme. Concern over Wisconsin's deficit may scuttle the committee's proposal, which costs $30m. But the Justice Centre estimates that investing $30m today would avert spending $2.3 billion by 2019.
Home
News
News Releases
New Course Explores Use of Zombies in Pop Culture
September 7, 2010
Contact: University Relations
Phone: 410.837.5739
Grendel did it. So did Frankenstein, Dracula, Cujo, and the Golem. Eventually, all great literary and cinematic monsters leap from the page or screen into popular culture. And from there, it's just a small step into the college classroom.
This fall, the University of Baltimore is rolling out its new pop culture minor with a course on zombies. The course's instructor, Arnold T. Blumberg, M.A. '96, D.C.D. '04, visiting professor in UB's School of Communication Design and co-author of Zombiemania: 80 Movies to Die For, literally wrote the book on the subject. It's one of only a handful of courses like it in the country.
The zombie—a creature who starts life as a normal human being, but through one process or another becomes "undead" and then wreaks havoc on the living—is used again and again in film, TV, print media of all kinds, video games, and even in popular music (the infamous "Thriller" video) to convey a basic loss of control and ability to reason with something that is basically indifferent, yet extremely motivated. The zombie, as it appears in modern Western culture, has become allegorical for an unthinking, unfeeling way of living and relating to others, and a bellwether of complete social collapse. At the same time, the zombie is unaware of the damage it is causing, because it is not, well, alive.
"It's part of the American mindset," Blumberg said. "The zombie functions as an allegory for all sorts of things that play out in our country, whether it's the threat of communism during the Cold War or our fears about bioterrorism in 2010. It's relatively easy to connect the zombie to what is happening in culture."
UB's School of Communications Design Director Jonathan Shorr sees zombies in a larger context:
"We know from archaeologists and anthropologists that a society's artifacts tell us a lot about what that culture valued and feared," Shorr said. "Stories about King Arthur, for example—from Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur in the 15th century, to Prince Valiant in the 1950's, then T.H. White's The Once and Future King in the 1960s and John Boorman's Excalibur in the '80's—aren't stories about 9th century England as much as about the culture of the time in which the work was produced. The same is true with zombies."
"Even major fans of zombies—and they're out there, by the millions," says Blumberg, "—may not spend time contemplating the underlying meaning of this monster, despite its potency. It takes some close attention to really understand what a given film, book or graphic novel is saying about the zombie—and what zombies are saying about the culture. That's what we'll be getting into this fall."
Blumberg, curator of Geppi's Entertainment Museum in Baltimore, has done extensive research into the genre, and the course will spend some time looking at the history and legacy of this particular "brand" of monster, from the recent 28 Days Later, to George Romero's acclaimed Night of the Living Dead and its sequels, to the first commercial film that featured a zombie, 1932's White Zombie, with Bela Lugosi. The course also will consider the zombie in literature and folklore, as well as the (pseudo) science that is occasionally brought in to prove the existence of zombies.
"We'll have fun with it, but we'll also give it a serious look in different contexts, like that of American progress," Blumberg said. "To the zombie, our progress doesn't matter at all. They just keep coming after us, usually at a pretty slow pace, but nonetheless we can't stop them even though we have the weapons and a lock on the door. They're relentlessness, and the fact that they're our own family and friends turning on us, says something profound about our society."
The University of Baltimore is a member of the University System of Maryland and comprises the School of Law, the Yale Gordon College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Public Affairs and the Merrick School of Business.
(Still image on home page taken from Night of the Living Dead.)
Stimulus Package Analysis: Which Type of Spending Created The Most Jobs?
Bruce Sacerdote and James Feyrer, both of Dartmouth, have produced a paper that looks at how the stimulus package (American Recovery and Reinvestment Act) affected employment, and which type of spending had the most (and least) amount of impact. It's among the first detailed analyses of employment and earnings effects from the stimulus that uses actual employment outcomes. Here's the abstract (full version here):
We use state and county level variation to examine the impact of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act on employment. A cross state analysis suggests that one additional job was created by each $170,000 in stimulus spending. Time series analysis at the state level suggests a smaller response with a per job cost of about $400,000. These results imply Keynesian multipliers between 0.5 and 1.0, somewhat lower than those assumed by the administration. However, the overall results mask considerable variation for different types of spending. Grants to states for education do not appear to have created any additional jobs. Support programs for low income households and infrastructure spending are found to be highly expansionary. Estimates excluding education spending suggest fiscal policy multipliers of about 2.0 with per job cost of under $100,000.
The authors split federal spending into three types:
Agencies providing block grants to fund local government employment, including spending by the Departments of Education and Justice used to fund teachers and police;
Support to low-income families, including spending by the Departments of Agriculture, Health Education and Welfare, and Housing and Urban Development, a large component of which was food stamps, Medicaid, and rental assistance
Paying for new infrastructure projects, especially through building projects funded by the Departments of Transportation and Energy.
Their results show that certain types of spending are more effective at creating jobs than others.
Perhaps most intriguing is our analysis of how the impacts on employment appear to differ by type of spending. Transfers to the states to support education and law enforcement appear to have little effect. This is consistent with a model where the states consider the grants to be temporary and therefore avoid making permanent changes based on the transfer. States may have used the money to lower borrowing or limit tax increases. Cogan and Taylor (2010) find that this is the case.
On the other hand, support for low income households appear to have been extremely effective with Keynesian multipliers of over 2 and a cost per job of under $100,000. This is consistent with low income individuals having a high marginal propensity to consume. Infrastructure spending such as highway projects had impacts that were nearly as large. This all suggests that a stimulus package that did not include state level grants for local services would have been more effective per dollar than the actual stimulus package.
Though they conclude that the stimulus was generally effective, the authors point out the fundamental problem with evaluating its effectiveness: The lack of a counterfactual. We'll never know what would've happened if we hadn't had the stimulus. Which is why the “things would've been much worse…” story has been difficult for the Obama administration to sell, particularly with unemployment still above 9%.
(CNN) — CIA Director Mike Pompeo recently met -- at the urging of President Donald Trump -- with one of the principal deniers of Russian interference in the US election, according to multiple intelligence sources.
Trump apparently made the highly unusual request that Pompeo meet with the former National Security Agency employee and look into a theory that the leak of Democratic Party emails last year was an inside job rather than a cyberattack by Russian hackers.
William Binney, the former NSA employee-turned-whistleblower who circulated the conspiracy theory, confirmed to CNN that he met with Pompeo for about an hour on October 24 -- despite the fact the intelligence community concluded early this year that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election.
The CIA responded to CNN's inquiry about the meeting by saying that Pompeo "stands by and has always stood by the January 2017 intelligence community assessment" that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election.
Read More
Related Article: CIA corrects director's Russian election meddling claim Binney, who has theorized that the theft and release of thousands of DNC emails was actually carried out by a DNC employee, told CNN that Pompeo began the meeting with him by saying, "The President told me I should talk to you." Intelligence sources told CNN that many people inside the CIA were very uncomfortable with the meeting. Binney said Pompeo concluded the meeting by telling him he would like Binney to meet with the FBI and the NSA as well. He said he told Pompeo, "the entire intelligence community needs to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth to the American public." Binney added: "I think he took it in." The President himself repeatedly questioned Russia's involvement during the campaign. During the first presidential debate on September 26, 2016, Trump said, "I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that hacked the DNC." Trump continued, "I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. It could also be lots of other people. It also could be somebody sitting on their bed who weighs 400 pounds, OK?" And Trump has continued to express doubts about Russian interference since taking office. During an appearance on CBS's "Face the Nation," he said, "If you don't catch a hacker, OK, in the act, it's very hard to say who did the hacking. With that being said, I'll go along with Russia. Could've been China, could've been a lot of different groups." In October, Pompeo prompted a clarification from the CIA when he said in a speech that the US intelligence community determined that Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election did not affect its outcome. Pompeo had commented that "the intelligence community's assessment is that the Russian meddling that took place did not affect the outcome of the election." Soon after Pompeo's comment, the CIA issued a statement from spokesman Dean Boyd, who said, "the intelligence assessment with regard to Russian election meddling has not changed, and the director did not intend to suggest that it had."
CNN's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report.
Who's ready to cook all day long for a month's worth of freezer meals?
When you tell your family you're having frozen dinner do they run the other way and only the dog looks happy? Maybe it's time to introduce them and yourself to homemade Freezer meals. Cooking a month of meals for the freezer all in one day makes for a stress-free and often quick meal time for busy families.
Once upon a time, long, long ago, I used to make a few month's worth of freezer meals all in one day. Not having to cook for a month was heavenly and I didn't miss working every day in the kitchen. It has been a few years since those cooking adventures, and I was itching to do it again. Having four children all in after-school dance and sports programs, life is very busy. There are some nights that we don't get home to eat dinner together until around 7 or 8pm. Last week when I looked around the dinner table and saw everyone eating Cheerios for dinner I decided it was time to do some freezer cooking. 🙂
I know the idea of cooking a month of meals in one day seems impossible or crazy but it can be done. For those of you who don't want to spend the whole day cooking here is a helpful hint: For Freezer cooking you can try to just double or triple your recipes all the time, eating the one you made for dinner and freezing the others for later. This way you are constantly building your meals.
The other option is you can put on the apron, roll up your sleeves, kiss the kids goodbye, and do freezer cooking all in one day like I did. To take the load off some people even create freezer meal groups with friends, making meals and meeting to swap freezer meals so everyone comes home with a variety of meals. This would be really fun , however I have never done it myself (hint to all my friends out there).
Having a stockpile of Freezer meals is invaluable especially when you get sick for a few days or weeks, have a baby, or just have a hard day and don't feel like cooking.
The key to Freezer cooking is preparation. If you are prepared it can make all the difference in your busy day.
Cooking Freezer Meals in a Day Process Step #1 – Go through what you already have. Time to use up some of the food you have on hand to save yourself money. Then you can go through all the sales ads for the week and find things that are on sale or seasonal. After taking those things into consideration make your list of meals you want to make. List them all out! On another sheet of paper list each ingredient you need for each of those meals x how many items. Step #2 – Go shopping, get all your supplies. Here is my HUGE list of freezer cooking essentials. Step #3 – Clean your kitchen, prepare your freezer (make room), make sure you have enough dishes & pots. I like having a couple sets of measuring spoons and cups on hand. Step #4 – Decide on paper the order in which you will cook your meals. This will help you stay focused when you are doing a ton of things at the same time. Step #5 – Clear your schedule for a day – then cook all day long! Step #6 – Clean your kitchen – it will be a huge mess, so be prepared….(or better yet, make your spouse do it – it's only fair…)
I have a regular freezer and a deep freezer. This smaller freezer only held about 30 meals and the other 20 are in my deep freezer.
Here are the FREEZER FRIENDLY meals I made and quantities:
Grand Total = 50 Meals all cooked in one day
I also made homemade breakfast burritos – using hash browns, bacon, eggs and cheese. Those will be perfect for some quick breakfast meals.
Making a ton of freezer meals all in one day can be extremely rewarding and save you a lot of time.
P.S. I have tons of beginner information on getting started and even tips for advanced freezer meal cooking in my new cookbook called Seriously Good Freezer Meals. Please head on over and order yourself a copy! Inside there are menu plans and 150 of the BEST ever tasting freezer meals I've ever created. For reals.
And if you love freezer meals consider joining my private facebook group called THE FREEZER MEAL CLUB. I'd love to have you join us!
—> See MORE of my Freezer Meals recipes here.
And if you do happen to do your 50 freezer meals in a day cooking marathon, take some pictures and share them on instagram with me! Use hashtag #50freezermealsinaday and tag me @happymoneysaver. I absolutely LOVE to see you do your freezer meal cooking!
If you think New York's wine industry is limited to the Finger Lakes, or Lake Erie, or the North Fork of Long Island, think again.
A new set of maps (below right) produced for the New York Wine & Grape Foundation shows the enormous increase in the number of wineries since 1976, and, perhaps even more remarkably, how they've spread across the state.
There were 14 New York wineries in just 9 counties in 1976. By 2013, there were 416 wineries or associated satellite branches in 53 of the state's 62 counties.
The maps start with 1976 because that's the year the state approved the New York Farm Winery Act. That law offered incentives and reduced regulations to make it financially feasible for small boutique wineries to use New York grapes, produce wine and sell it in their own tasting rooms. Before then, wine in New York was primarily the business of a few large companies like Taylor, Great Western and Canandaigua Wine Co. (now Constellation Brands).
Since then, many of these boutique farm wineries have grown quite large, and others have set up in perhaps unexpected places. In Onondaga County, for example, the Lakeland Winery operates in Geddes and the Greenwood Winery and Bistro opened last year in DeWitt. Owera Vineyards opened last year in Cazenovia.
Wine trails are now to be found in places like the Thousand Islands and the southern Adirondacks.
At the same time, the reputation that Finger Lakes wines are building among critics nationally and internationally continues to grow. Some Finger Lakes winemakers are even selling their products in Europe. The Finger Lakes is home to more than 100 wineries.
A new study prepared for the wine and grape foundation estimates the annual economic impact of the state's wine industry to be $4.8 billion per year. That includes payroll, taxes, investment and tourism.
The study, according to foundation director Jim Trezise, confirms "that wine is the ultimate value-added product and a major economic engine."
Highlights cited by the study include nearly 25,000 full-time equivalent jobs, $1.14 billion in wages paid, 5.29 million tourist visits, $401.5 in wine-related tourism expenditures, and $408 million in New York State and local taxes paid.
The study was conducted by Stonebridge Research of Napa, Calif. on behalf of the wine and grape foundation. The foundation, headquartered in Canandaigua, promotes and advocates for the state's wine and grape industry.
Previous studies by Stonebridge found the impact of the state's wine industry to be
$3.14 billion in 2005 and $3.76 billion in 2008.
Like all farming operations, the business of grape-growing and wine-making can be severely affected by the weather. Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture issued a federal disaster declaration for many Upstate counties, making some wineries eligible to receive loans and other aid to cope with damage caused by the unusually frigid and prolonged winter.
On the other hand, the 2013 season was one of the best and most bountiful in recent memory for the Finger Lakes.
NBC's new drama -- executive produced by J.J. Abrams and with a pilot directed by Jon Favreau -- presents a puzzling future, part "Hunger Games," part "Lost," where electricity has vanished.
It will be interesting to see whether audiences give NBC's new drama Revolution -- a tale about what happens when power goes out across the world, ostensibly forever -- a little patience, a little time to find out just what the producers are trying to say.
That's relevant because the pilot, while quite compelling, contains a lot of disjointed elements that need some explaining (which doesn't really occur in the pilot), and critics, having heard the producers talking about what kind of story they want to tell, understand that story isn't made available in the first hour.
PHOTOS: Tim Goodman Gives the Odds on Which Fall Shows Will Survive
Does that make sense? If not, well, Revolution doesn't make a lot of sense, but it's a lot of fun. The producers, peppered very early by critics wanting to know if they actually had a plan -- on behalf of those people burned in the past by epic, serialized stories with a lot of mythology -- have endeavored to prove that they know what the hell they're doing.
But first, a note about said producers: Revolution is touted as a show from J.J. Abrams, but he was mostly there (like Steven Spielberg and all of his recent TV series) as the guy whose name gets it launched. Iron Man director Jon Favreau is a producer on the series and directed the pilot (he also came to TCA and answered questions from critics), but it's unclear whether he'll direct more episodes. The series is really from Eric Kripke (Supernatural), with help from the very talented Bryan Burk (Star Trek, Lost).
It was Kripke who told critics that the series brought in a physicist, explained the big reveal of how all the power went out (and stayed out) and said the physicist was delighted by the surprise and agreed that, yes, it's plausible. And plausibility is going to be a big issue in Revolution. As the pilot opens, we see Ben Matheson (Tim Guinee) rush home to his wife, Rachel (Elizabeth Mitchell). Ben downloads obviously super-important information from a computer into a really cool thumb drive right before the epic turn of events happens: Every piece of electrical equipment in the world goes out. Planes fall from the sky. Cars die in their tracks. Explosions occur. Governments topple. People fight for food and water. If you dared to stay in a major city, you would probably die. Hope, the show hints, is out in the wild.
STORY: TCA 2012: 'Revolution' Team Assures Scientific Justification for Power Outage Premise
Revolution quickly jumps to 15 years in the future -- still no power, and America has turned into a strange, retro agrarian culture. But it's also littered with various militias and dangerous highway gangs, and quicker than you can say “Hunger Games meets Planet of the Apes meets Lost,” a quirky show with grand ambitions is on your screen.
The story mostly is told from the standpoint of Ben's children, daughter Charlie (Tracy Spiridakos), who is fearless and appears to have seen Hunger Games 30 times, and son Danny (Graham Rogers), who looks like he didn't understand Hunger Games. They are about to face off with ruthless Captain Tom Neville (the superb Giancarlo Esposito), who is in the service of the even more ruthless Gen. Monroe (David Lyons), leader of the decimated country's largest militia. Sure enough, dim-bulb Danny gets himself taken prisoner by Neville, and Charlie and a band of others races off to find her Uncle Miles (Billy Burke) somewhere in Chicago.
Now, having heard all of this, you might be wondering why water or wind hasn't been used to create electricity. That's the secret. All Kripke will hint at is that it's about "anything that throws a spark, any circuit that throws an electrical charge" -- they're all out and remain out. The water/wind factor will be explained (something clearly is happening to prevent electricity), and in the meantime, we are to view Revolution not as a postapocalyptic disaster series but more of a positive series about nature and simpler times.
PHOTOS: NBC's 2012-13 Season: 'Revolution,' 'The New Normal' and 'Go On'
Oh.
See, that's the part that's not readily explained in the pilot. And it turns out, based on comments from Kripke and Favreau, that it's pretty important. Revolution, they say, is only partly about the “why” -- about the mystery of electricity. It's mostly about creating a new utopia of sorts, living a simpler life in the wild and whether you'd go back to the Internet and Wi-Fi days if you really got a taste for the old ways.
It's not a bad idea, and it's also rather hopeful that Kripke says Revolution is not going to string out the power secret forever. Yes, there have been a ton of postapocalyptic stories (The Road comes to mind), and this won't be one of them. This is the other take. That's why people fight with swords and arrows. It's why Kripke says his inspiration was more Lord of the Rings than Planet of the Apes.
Look, we're all going to have to just go with it. The pilot is a winner, and it will pull you back the following week. The question is whether the story not told in the pilot will be the story that keeps viewers around or sends them away.
Email: Tim.Goodman@THR.com
April 27, 2014
Final Stats | Twitter: @UVaBaseball | Coach O'Connor Twitter | Facebook | Instagram | Video Highlights
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - The No. 1-ranked Virginia baseball team earned another ACC series win with a 4-3 victory at No. 4 Florida State Sunday afternoon at Dick Howser Stadium in Tallahassee, Fla. The Cavaliers (37-8, 18-6) took two of three games in the series to notch their 10th straight ACC series win, dating to 2013.
Virginia also handed Florida State (33-11, 17-7 ACC) its first home ACC series defeat since May 2011 against Clemson, snapping a streak of 13 straight home ACC series victories for the Seminoles. UVa won just its second series ever in Tallahassee (2010).
Pitching and defense, combined with timely hitting, proved to be the difference once again for UVa. The Cavaliers limited FSU to four hits while playing their third straight errorless game of the weekend.
Virginia starting pitcher Brandon Waddell (So., Houston, Texas) had another outstanding outing, going seven innings and allowing just two earned runs, three hits and one walk. Waddell (6-2) struck out four in his ninth straight start of at least six innings. He issued a leadoff walk to John Nogowski in the fourth inning, snapping his streaks of 33 1/3 consecutive innings without a walk and 37 2/3 straight innings without an unintentional walk.
Nick Howard (Jr., Olney, Md.) came into a bases-loaded, two-out situation in the eighth inning and struck out the final four Seminole batters to record his ACC-leading 15th save of the season.
Mike Papi (Jr., Tunkhannock, Pa.) had a pair of two-out hits and drove in three runs for Virginia. Nate Irving (Jr., Yonkers, N.Y.) added a pair of hits, and Kenny Towns (Jr., Burke, Va.) swatted a solo home run.
Florida State starting pitcher Bryant Holtmann (5-1) worked 3 1/3 innings, giving up three earned runs, four hits and two walks before leaving the game with an apparent injury. Peter Miller came on in emergency relief and pitched three innings, allowing one run.
Virginia took a 3-0 lead in the third inning. With one out Towns launched a solo home run over the wall in left-center field for his second homer of the year. Irving followed with an infield single, and with two outs, Papi lined a double into the right-field corner, scoring a pair of runs.
FSU responded with two runs in its half of the third on a two-run home run to left-center by John Sansone, his second long ball of the year.
The Cavaliers added a run in the seventh inning. Towns drew a leadoff walk and advanced to second on an Irving sacrifice. Billy Strode entered in relief, and Towns alertly stole third. Strode struck out Branden Cogswell (Jr., Ballston Lake, N.Y.) but walked Daniel Pinero (Fr., Toronto, Ontario) on a 3-2 pitch. Papi then went the other way and slapped a single to left to score Towns.
FSU scored a run in the eighth against reliever Connor Jones (Fr., Chesapeake, Va.). DeLuzio hit a leadoff single to center and after pinch hitter Casey Smith walked, Jameis Winston laid down a sacrifice bunt. Jones intentionally walked DJ Stewart to load the bases and struck out Sansone for the second out but then walked Nogowski to force in a run. Howard entered the game and struck out Jose Brizuela on a ball in the dirt to end the threat.
The Cavaliers travel to Norfolk, Va., on Tuesday for non-conference matchup with Old Dominion. The 7 p.m. contest will be played at Harbor Park, which is home of the Norfolk Tides, the triple-A affiliate of the Baltimore Orioles.
Jon Lee Anderson is a reporter I've long admired—since reading Inside the League: The Shocking Expose of How Terrorists, Nazis and Latin American Death Squads Have Infiltrated the World Anti-Communist League, which he co-wrote in 1986. But his latest piece for the New Yorker, “Slumlord: What Has Hugo Chávez Wrought in Venezuela?” (1/28/13–subscription required), reads almost like a parody of corporate media coverage of an official enemy state:
For decades…Venezuela was a dynamic and mostly stable democracy. As one of the world's most oil rich nations, it had a growing middle class, with an impressively high standard of living…. Most other Latin Americans had come to regard the country as a beautiful place for beautiful people.
Then Hugo Chávez came to power: “His pronounced goal was to elevate the poor,” Anderson writes. “In Caracas, the nation's capital, the results of his fitful campaign are plain to see”:
After decades of neglect, poverty, corruption and social upheaval, Caracas has deteriorated beyond all measure…. Venders wade through the gridlock, hawking toys, insecticides and bootleg DVDs, while drug addicts wash windshields or juggle for change. Spray-painted graffiti covers facades; trash is piled up on roadsides. The Guaire River, which runs through the heart of the city, is a gray torrent of foul-smelling water. Along its banks live hundreds of homeless indigents, mostly drug addicts and the mentally ill.
Anderson goes on like this for 11 pages. The astute reader will note that Chávez has not been in power for “decades,” and at one point the reporter does note that “by the time Chávez assumed power, in 1999, the city center was neglected and run-down.” But how it fell to this state from what Anderson calls “the good life in Venezuela” is not discussed; nor is anyone blamed for any of Venezuela's problems other than Chávez himself. This is, as the subhead says, a portrait of what Chávez has wrought.
And Chávez's problem, aside from what Anderson calls his “typical grandiosity,” is that he takes things that don't belong to him. Architecture professor Guillermo Barrios, whose judgments the story returns to repeatedly, says that Chávez's urban policy “can be defined by confiscation, expropriation, governmental incapacity and the use of violence.” Later, talking about people living in abandoned buildings, Barrios fumes, “The political discourse that has justified the invasions, the outright thievery, has come out of Chávez's speeches.”
The bulk of the article is devoted to a half-finished skyscraper called the Tower of David, abandoned since 1993, that's been inhabited by squatters since 2007. Weirdly, Anderson seems to feel genuine moral outrage at the fact that people have turned a useless ruin into a home:
For many caraquenos, the Tower is a byword for everything that is wrong with their society: a community of invaders living in their midst, controlled by armed gangsters with the tacit acquiescence of the Chávez government.
When Anderson tours the building later in the piece, it seems relatively peaceful, but he never really gives up the idea that there are all sorts of scary violence there that he never sees. The violence that is apparent is to the sacredness of private property, and that seems to trouble the New Yorker‘s correspondent. A Venezuelan journalist describes the Tower's residents as “refugees from an underdeveloped state living in a structure that belongs to the First World.”
When the Tower's leader defends their occupation, saying, “We rescued it with the vision of living here in harmony,” Anderson sneers, “This was a minority opinion.” For proof, he turns again to Barrios: “The Tower of David wasn't a beautiful example of self-determination by the people but a violent invasion.”
Of course, the idea that the Chávez-hating architect represents the majority opinion in Venezuela more than the Chavista community leader is dubious. As Anderson admits toward the end of the article, Chávez has won “one election after another.” But that just makes Venezuelans “the victims of their affection for a charismatic man, whom they allowed to become the central character on the Venezuelan stage, at the expense of everything else.”
Everything else? You'd be shocked to learn after reading the New Yorker piece that Venezuelans have done quite well economically under Chávez's administration, with per capita income rising 58 percent since 1999. And as average income has risen, Venezuelan wealth has become markedly more equally distributed (Extra!, 12/12), so the gains for the poor have been even greater (FAIR Blog, 12/13/12).
Anderson's acknowledgment of this could hardly be more grudging: “The poorest Venezuelans are marginally better off these days,” he writes. It seems like for the New Yorker, rising standards of living for the poor don't matter much when weighed against the fact that rich people lost some property they weren't using.
File photo shows an insurgent stands guard as the Al-Shabaab launches a mine-sweeping operation in the Somali capital of Mogadishu on Jan. 19, 2009. (Xinhua/Abdurrahman Warsameh)
MOGADISHU, April 4 (Xinhua) -- Somali militants on Monday recaptured Elbur town in central Somalia after Somali government and the African Union peacekeeping (AMISOM) forces pulled out.
Elbur District Commissioner Nur Hassan Gutale told reporters that the joint forces withdrew from the town on Monday morning, allowing the heavily armed Al-Shabaab fighters to return.
"Ethiopian troops under AMISOM and Somali National Army (SNA) withdrew from their bases in Elbur town, a strategic town in Galgudud region this morning, the withdrawal was made by AMISOM first, and then government forces as they could not stay there alone because they were not prepared," Gutale said.
He accused AMISOM troops of not informing them of the unexpected pullout from the town which allowed the insurgents to enter without any resistance. The reason for the troops' withdrawal from the town was not clear.
"They did not inform us that they are leaving and this is a sudden decision. Al-Shabaab militants recaptured the town and our forces are in an area west of the town," the government official said.
Gutale added that Galmudug State Administration will take action against the militants in the coming week. "The enemy group (Al-Shabaab) will target civilians, therefore, we are working to flush them out of the town and liberate the town," he added.
Local residents said the militants who have waged near-daily attacks against government and AU bases in Somalia hoisted their black banner on the top buildings to alert the locals about their return to the town.
The residents said the allied forces backed by tanks and armored vehicles were seen heading to Dhusamareb, the regional capital of Galgaduud region.
The allied forces have been in Elbur town since 2014 after several residents had fled the town due to fear inflicted by the insurgents.
What is initial coin offering (ICO) ?
An initial coin offering (ICO) is a fundraising investment method that trades future crypto coins for crypto currencies with immediate cash value. Usually, a percentage of the tokens is sold to ICO participants or investors and a percentage is kept for the company's needs (private investors, etc. Terms differ from one ICO project to another). An ICO allows both big and small investors to fund the projects they like. This year there were many successful ICO startup stories. The motivation for these project is obvious. The motivation for the investors of the ICO project is when the price of the token would be higher (or if lucky much higher) than the token's price during the ICO they will be able to sell their ICO tokens and can make decent profit.
The highest investment in value was raised by an Tezos, it raised a record breaking $232 million in less than a month!. Like any other investment many factors influence the chances for a successful ICO project and with some carefull risk assessment and market research one can predict whether it will be valuable for its investors or atleast money will not be completely lost (Yes, there are rumors about that too).
How ever at this point it is right to mention less successful stories like the Mycelium ICO. Team members disappeared after raising the money, and later it was reported that they used the funds to pay for their own vacation. The lack of ICO regulation might be one of the reasons this happened. Just couple of weeks ago, $7 millions were stolen as CoinDash's ICO started. Right before the start of the token sale, their website was hacked and the ICO wallet address was changed to the hacker's address.
But regardless of all these ups and down it looks that for time being ICO is here to stay and somehow its future is also tied with future of digital currency or Crypto currency.
Guide for evaluating an ICO investment and ICO analysis
* Important warning : ICOs investments are a high-risk way of fundraising. Never invest anything you can't completely afford to lose. Keep in mind that due to a lack of regulation, you will have difficulty getting back your lost money in case of any failures.
– The Team
Find out everything you can about the core teams of the project, especially the development team and the advisory board. Look up each team member for relevant experience. Google their names. Visit their LinkedIn and Facebook profiles.Find out how long they have been in market, what have they been doing prior to this ? . Look for famous names among the advisory board of the project. Find out if the team has any crypto experience and more importantly – in which projects, or ICOs, they were involved with and the impact they had.
– What is the word out there –
Somehow market is self cleansing in its nature and sooner or later “the word” comes out. A good starting point is the project's announcement thread on forums and message boards. BitcoinTalk.org, as Bitcointalk is the biggest forum for Bitcoin and crypto related issues. It is strongly recommended that you read the messages carefully. Some times other Investor's concerns will be answered (or may be unanswered) in thier threads. It is a bad sign when the developers avoid answering certain questions or aren't collaborating. Sending developers a personal message to see how responsive they are is also a good idea.
– Stages of the project and Investments
Evaluate the project timeline to study different stages of the project. When it comes to technical side of things ..does it only have a whitepaper? Find if there is a beta version? Is there a proto type available with limited functionality? Prefer projects which have something happening inside the trunk, however, keep in mind many ICOs have proven otherwise too.
Venture capitals tend to invest and support projects fin early stages. Look out for this information usually on the main page of the project's website. It's likely to be considerable if a well-known crypto if any VC is involved, like Blockchain Gold etc
– ICO Community and ICO PR
Project must have a wide open supporting community like a public Slack for all its investors. Openness is crucial in gaining trus. Try to grasp the atmosphere within the community. Look at the size of the community and its activity.
Other sources like ICO Risk Register,Reddit, Twitter or Facebook can be relevant when evaluating the project. Be aware of any bounty posts. It is one of common practices to launch a fake bounty thread to reward users for spreading positive information about the project, increasing its media coverage, or to helping out with translations in other languages. These bounty threads can stimulate the fake (False News ) hype around the project but they are not very objective while some others participate only for some free tokens.
An easy way to do quick risk assessment of an ICO is by checking its ICO RiskScore™ and ICO RiskProfile™.
– Why to even have an ICO? Is blockchain really necessary?
ICOs mean the creation of a new dedicated token or altcoin for the project. One of the most important questions each ICO needs to answer is what is ICO token for? Why isn't Bitcoin or Ethereum enough to serve as the project's needs ?The same question needs to be asked regarding the use of the blockchain technology behind the project.
Most of new investors have no idea about the technicalities , hence it is always advisable to take advice of technical people if possible. An ICO investment should be treated as any other investment and all due diligence must be carried out in regards to ICO project technical white paper.
– Tokens, Tokens, Tokens ! How Many ?
As investor , you need to know about how many tokens in total ICO will circulate. Are they unlimited or is there any hard cap ?
In the early day ICOs, the difference between open and hard cap didn't have the same impact as today's ICOs. An unlimited supply of token allows investors to send unlimited funding to the project's ICO wallet. But if more tokens are circulating, the less unique your tokens become for the trading afterwards – through less demand.
As ICOs become mainstream within crypto land, enormous amounts are collected fo tthese projects. Take a look at Bancor, this project raised an astonishing $150 million in just three hours how ever this resulted in no gain to the token value.
Investors should all keep in mind , you don't want to be the only one investing in the project. So you want other people to invest too and some may need extra time, some need extra share. Normally it is an observation that Crypto Currency exchange's show less interest in projects that raise very little amount of tokens, which makes it even harder to sell these tokens after release.
– Token distribution – when and how
How many tokens are kept and how many are given out?. Is it just the greed of ICO project team or there is a valid reason to sell all those tokens ?.A good project will have a token sale and distribution roadmap with set benchmarks. This will explain each phase or milestone of the project requires a certain amount of funding.
– Read the Whitepaper
Investors actually don't read through the whitepaper, even though it contains all the necessary information about the project and its ICO. Do read it, or at least the majority of it. Try to grasp as much as you can . Use internet to search for technical terms. Find spositive and negative aspects and use them in your own research.
Whitepaper is summary of ICO project to its potential investors. After reading it you should be able to answer a simple question – what kind of value does this project bring to our world? Or at least you will know what are you investing in ?
Investors and venture capitalists can also use online services like ICO Risk Register. ICO Risk Register is an independent Initial Coin Offering (ICO) rating company, on-demand due diligence service providers and centralized ICO risk assessment register that issues independent analytical ICO RiskScore™ and research reports. We also maintain a central DB Register for all the ICO (initial coin offerings) made over time.
– The Last Word
ICOs are becoming more and more common as an alternate to simple crowd funding. Soon there will be many projects to choose from, hence it will become even harder to risk assess these projects. It is investors responsibility to investigate and read as much information as possible and write down all the important aspects, positive and negatives, before making an investment decision.
If as investor you can afford to take some risk and have the ability to endure the market's ups and downs, equity investments may grant you good returns. A wise and prudent investor chooses an investment product not only according to his goals and the amount of capital available but also according to his tolerance for risk. All investments carry a certain degree of risk. You have to determine yourself if you are a “risk-prone” or a “risk-averse” person. Depending upon the extent of investment risk, investor should follow an investment strategy (aggressive, moderate or conservative) that fits ICO risk profile.
Tier3 has worked previously with its clients to write technical reviews and perform risk assessment on technical projects.Our team will be happy to work with you for technical appraisal of any requested Initial coin offering (ICO).
For more about our services contact us.
Poirot (David Suchet) and his friend Ariadne Oliver (Zoë Wanamaker). (ITV Studios for MASTERPIECE)
In his 25 years playing quirky Belgian detective Hercule Poirot on television, British actor David Suchet thought he had seen it all. Until one day this summer while he was performing in a play in Los Angeles, when he went backstage and found a 12-year-old boy waiting for him dressed exactly like the character of Poirot, down to the dapper hat and cane.
“I mean, a 12-year-old,” Suchet, 68, marveled a few weeks later by phone. “I said to him, ‘Would you like me to sign your hat?' and you've never seen anybody so happy in your life. It was so moving to me. It was very humbling.”
The only thing surprising about that story, really, is that Suchet seemed surprised at all. “Agatha Christie's Poirot,” based on Christie's popular character from her mystery novels, has commanded an extremely loyal international fan base – of all ages – since 1989. Now, as “Poirot” gets ready to conclude with its final three episodes (available exclusively on Maryland-based subscription streaming service Acorn TV, rolled out weekly starting Aug. 11), millions of viewers are already mourning the loss of their beloved detective.
While Poirot has been portrayed by other actors through the years in various productions, none have captured the detective's eccentricity and dry humor quite like Suchet in the long-running U.K.-based TV series, which aired on PBS and in multiple languages worldwide. He threw himself into the character, methodically mastering his walk and accent – and that epic mustache. Time and time again, Poirot used his special investigative skills and keen eye for detail to crack many different cases.
David Suchet reads one of Agatha Christie's bestselling novels. (Courtesy of (c) Testimony Films)
It's rare that an actor gets to play the same character for a few seasons, let alone for decades. Of course, the show was produced on the U.K. television timetable, so there were fewer episodes (70 total), and sometimes that meant there were year-long gaps between seasons, which allowed Suchet to pursue other projects. But Suchet and the producers were fastidious about making sure they stayed true to Christie's story.
Suchet recalled that the most challenging aspect of playing the character for decades was simply not to evolve, as Christie didn't provide many changes in the books. Tiny things were altered (like the width of stripes on his trousers, or wearing a wristwatch instead of a pocket watch). Except for the natural aging process, Poirot stayed largely the same.
“It's not only the inclination of the actor, but also the inclination of the director to come in and make him a joke-y figure,” Suchet said. “So I had to hang on to my own integrity to make sure I kept what Agatha Christie wrote rather than something that someone else might think may be more entertaining, or would get a bit of a laugh.”
That was especially crucial. And as Suchet found out, if viewers think something on the show strays too far from the novels . . . well, he would hear about it.
Suchet made it his goal to answer as many of those disappointed letters as possible. “I've written back sympathizing with them, but also defending our positions by saying that whenever possible, we've filmed accurately,” he explained. “But when the writers deemed that the stories wouldn't transfer to the screen the way they did in the novels, then they had to take liberties.”
“I've always apologized for that,” Suchet added. “It's a fair comment.”
So after 25 years of answering the same questions, he's really that polite? Oh yes – Suchet still takes his responsibility as the reigning Poirot very seriously, from responding to fan mail to chatting with people on the street when they recognize him to answering many questions about his favorite episodes. (“Murder on the Orient Express,” “Death on the Nile” and “The ABC Murders” are at the top of his list.)
He realizes that because the show has run for so long, people have formed a deep bond with the series. And they feel particularly protective of Poirot, a “safe” character that always makes an effort to always be kind. In some ways, that's unusual to find nowadays, especially with the anti-hero complex found in so many television shows in the mystery genre.
Now, as he signs off, Suchet admits he's going to have trouble shedding this character that has been part of his identity for more than a third of his life. When asked what he'll miss most about playing the detective, it's an overwhelming question.
He paused to think about it. “I think I'll miss him,” Suchet said. “He became much more than just a character. He became my best friend.”
The last three episodes of “Agatha Christie's Poirot” will be available on subscription-based streaming service Acorn TV (www.Acorn.TV): “Elephants Can Remember” (Aug. 11), “Labours of Hercules” (Aug. 18) and “Curtain: Poirot's Last Case” (Aug. 25). The episodes will be syndicated to PBS stations in November.
Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops believes the initial discipline the school handed down to Joe Mixon was sufficient, but two and a half years later it is fair to say, "It isn't enough." (2:29)
NORMAN, Okla. -- For the first time since it became public, Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops addressed the surveillance tape showing Sooners running back Joe Mixon punching a female student in 2014, and he said that if it happened now, he would dismiss Mixon from the team.
"Two and a half years ago, thought we had a significant penalty, a strong penalty," Stoops said Wednesday. "Now, it isn't enough. These individuals can't have a second chance. Just not acceptable. And they know it anymore, and they've been told enough. We have more meetings and things of that nature that instruct and let them know what appropriate behavior is and isn't and what the consequences are.
"Dismissal is really the only thing that is possible. A young guy having an opportunity to rehabilitate and to have some kind of discipline and come back from it is really not there anymore. Hopefully that message goes down even to the high school level that these things are just unacceptable to any degree and there's no recovering, I guess ... it never has been acceptable. What I'm saying is, there's no recovering from these incidents really anymore."
Stoops has been criticized for allowing Mixon to rejoin the Sooners following a one-season suspension after he fractured four bones in Oklahoma student Amelia Molitor's face. Stoops first watched the surveillance video with university president David Boren and athletic director Joe Castiglione at the Cleveland County District Attorney's office, shortly after the incident occurred.
"It was horrible," Stoops said. "I hated it. I hated it as much as anybody did, absolutely."
Asked if he felt allowing Mixon to remain at Oklahoma implicitly condoned violence against women, Stoops said he was "sure to some degree it does."
"And I regret that," Stoops said. "In the end, at the time, we felt it was a significant and strong punishment. And again, some people that have seen the entire [video] at that time agreed. And others didn't. I understand that, and I always knew that that was something that everybody would debate."
Stoops pointed out that he wished the surveillance tape had been released at the time of the incident and that he never anticipated that it would take so long for the video to become public.
The city of Norman had shielded the surveillance video from the public since the incident, prompting a lawsuit from the Oklahoma Association of Broadcasters. Earlier this month, the Oklahoma Supreme Court ruled in favor of the broadcasters and ordered Norman to release the tape under Oklahoma's Open Records Act. The city had until Dec. 26 to release the video or file an appeal. Preemptively, Mixon's attorneys released the tape, as they continue to fight a civil suit from Molitor.
Asked how he felt about the video being connected to his legacy and to his football program, Stoops said: "That's part of it. I knew that 2½ years ago. But in the end, it's easy to just dismiss it or remove a guy and head on down the road. In the end too, maybe I have too strong a commitment to these guys I recruit. I believe in them, and I believed at that time a young 18-year-old deserved an opportunity to redeem himself and someday possibly be forgiven. And if that can't happen, that can't happen. But that was the intent."
Stoops acknowledged why critics have suggested that Mixon got a second chance at Oklahoma only because he was the top-rated recruit in the Sooners' 2014 recruiting class. Mixon has since gone on to become one of the top players on the team. He finished the 2016 regular season ranked second in the country in all-purpose yards and was a first-team All-Big 12 selection.
"I understand where people come with that," Stoops said. "But let's remember that he had not played a down here when this all occurred. We've had plenty of four- and five-star guys not amount to a whole lot here through the years. In the end, I understand where people come with that, but I believe in these young men we recruit, maybe to a fault to some degree. I believe most coaches do. But again, here we are 2½ years later and you can't really do that anymore."
Despite that, Stoops said he hopes Mixon can speak about what happened soon. Mixon has yet to talk publicly about the punch. In fact, he has done only one interview at Oklahoma, in which he declined to answer any questions related to the incident.
"Joe wants to do that, and I believe that will come," Stoops said. "Again, now that all the other issues, civil issues, seem to be cleared up, he wants to do that. He needs to do that.
"People haven't been able to see what Joe as a person is really like. So hopefully we can start to move in that direction."
Among those calling for changes is Brenda Tracy, who says she was raped by two Oregon State football players and two other men in 1998 and has publicly shared her story in hopes of effecting change and raising awareness about the toll of sexual assault. She has met with players at Baylor and Nebraska, among others, including with Oklahoma players in August.
After the video came out, Tracy emailed Stoops and Castiglione.
"I would propose that you fly me out to Oklahoma after the first of the year and we sit down and create some new policies that will prevent future incidents of violent athletes being recruited to Oklahoma football," the email said. "I would propose that Oklahoma become the gold standard in football. That your program would become the example of accountability and best practices for recruitment and discipline of violent athletes."
Stoops said Wednesday that he had been in touch with Tracy "a few days ago."
Asked about her email, Stoops said, "I believe we can do that. I look forward to hearing again from Brenda, and I'm sure our university administration and athletic department will as well. Hopefully that can happen."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
OAKLAND, Calif. (CN) – A federal judge on Thursday tossed four related class actions accusing several Bay Area counties of allowing telecoms to overcharge jail inmates and their families for phone calls in exchange for a hefty chunk of the profits.
U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers granted in part a consolidated motion by Alameda, Contra Costa, San Mateo and Santa Clara counties to dismiss the nearly identical suits against them. She said she will allow the plaintiffs to amend only their First Amendment claim “out of an abundance of caution.”
“That the commissions charged may result in higher phone rates, which, in turn, may reduce the frequency and length of phone calls made, does not constitute a governmental restriction on plaintiffs' constitutional rights,” Gonzalez Rogers wrote in a 26-page order.
In the August 2016 suits, inmates and their families accused the counties of forcing them to pay excessive fees to make and receive phone calls, in violation of the U.S. Constitution and the Sherman Antitrust Act.
The plaintiffs claim the counties struck deals with Global Tel Link Corp. and Securus Technologies, granting them exclusive rights to run phone systems in the jails. Inmates or their families must set up prepaid accounts with the telecoms, which charge “exorbitant” rates, they claim. In exchange, the telecoms must pay “grossly excessive” commissions to the counties for the services.
Contra Costa County gets $4.2 million in commissions annually; Santa Clara County, $1.7 million; Alameda County, $1.5 million or roughly 71 percent of receipts, whichever is higher; and San Mateo County, $795,000, according to the complaints.
Siding with each of the counties, Gonzalez Rogers ruled Thursday that the plaintiffs had failed to state both their antitrust claim and their claims under the Constitution's First, Fifth, and Fourteenth Amendments.
The plaintiffs had argued the Ninth Circuit has recognized a First Amendment right to telephone access, and that the commissions amount to unconstitutional taxes on that right.
But Gonzalez Rogers was not persuaded, concluding “the Ninth Circuit has not recognized an independent right to telephone access for inmates.” Instead, the appeals court defined the constitutional right as the “‘right to communicate with persons outside prison walls'” using a telephone, the judge wrote, quoting from 2002's Valdez v. Rosenbaum.
Importantly, Gonzalez Rogers made the distinction that in Valdez, the plaintiff's “deprivation of access to telephone calls was essentially absolute,” while “no such deprivation of communication has been alleged” by the plaintiffs in the present class actions.
“Plaintiffs have not alleged the imposition of any regulations or restrictions that prevent them from using the telephone for communications, nor have they alleged that the rates are ‘so exorbitant as to deprive [inmates] of access altogether,'” she wrote, quoting from Johnson v. California, a case the Ninth Circuit decided in 2000.
Frank Busch, an attorney with Kerr & Wagstaffe in San Francisco representing San Mateo County, said Thursday he was pleased with Gonzalez Rogers' decision.
“When you get right down to it, every single inmate at all times had the right to use a telephone, have visits, and otherwise communicate with the outside world,” he said in an interview, adding he is skeptical that the plaintiffs can cure their First Amendment claim.
Turning to the plaintiff's Sherman Act claim, Gonzalez Rogers found charging high commissions is allowed under the state action doctrine, which bars antitrust claims against state actors.
The judge found that California law gives counties the authority to strike monopolistic deals with telecoms that provide for high commissions and which can in turn raise phone rates.
“Rather than place limits on the collection of those commissions, the Legislature instead simply directed that the use of such commissions be earmarked for the inmate welfare fund,” she noted.
“I think every county defendant complied with those rules and therefore was acting exactly as the Legislature intended,” Busch said.
The plaintiffs are represented by Barrett Litt with Kaye, McLane, Bednarski & Litt in Pasadena, who did not return a request seeking comment Thursday.
Alameda County is represented by Gregory Thomas with Boornazian Jensen & Garthe in Oakland; Contra Costa County by its county counsel D. Cameron Baker in Martinez; and Santa Clara County by Mark Conrad with Conrad & Metlitzky in San Francisco.
They could not be reached for comment Thursday.
Like this: Like Loading...
Urk. I just gave up on the presidential press conference. When Obama declared that Americans rejected Democrats in part because “We were in such a hurry to get things done that we didn't change how things got done,” I checked out.
Nobody cares about this stuff — they care about results. Nobody really cares about earmarks; they're just code for spending less (less on somebody else, of course, not me). Nobody cares about civility and bipartisanship, which in practice are code for Democrats giving in to Republican demands. Nobody cares about parliamentary maneuvers: we can argue about the role of health reform in the election, but I bet not one voter in 50 knows or cares that it was passed using reconciliation (as were the sacred Bush tax cuts we must, must retain).
If Obama had used fancy footwork and 2 AM sessions to pass a big public works program, and this program had brought unemployment down, Republicans would be screaming about the process — and Democrats would have comfortably held control of Congress. Remember the voter backlash against the way Medicare drug benefits were passed? Neither do I.
Oh, by the way — nobody cares about the deficit, either.
Developer InXile already has a deep roster of fantasy writers working on its successfully funded followup to Planescape: Torment, but they're about to add another one that scares the hell out of creative lead Colin McComb.
Fantasy author Patrick Rothfuss, who wrote the acclaimed 2009 novel The Name of the Wind, will write for Torment: Tides of Numenera if the Kickstarter reaches $3.25 million. GamesBeat asked McComb yesterday what it's like leading a team of writers that includes massive names like Rothfuss.
“That part is a little scary,” McComb told GamesBeat. “I'm a little wary about telling these people what to do. I'm really excited to work with them, but at the same time I think, ‘wow, where do I get off telling you how to do this?'”
Other writers include the designer of the Numenera setting Monte Cook and Neverwinter Nights 2: Mask of the Betrayer designer George Ziets.
Cook set the world a billion years in the future after eight different advanced civilizations popped up and then collapsed. The remnants of their technology is indistinguishable from magic to the people left in the realm.
“In the setting that Monte provided for us, the way the humans live is like the peasants in medieval times,” said McComb. “They sit around campfires. They play lutes to each other. And then they stumble across these enormous, strange things. There're monsters all over the place, twisted dimensional travelers — the people in the world don't understand it. The best they can do is hope to master it and turn it to their own good.”
That the characters in the world of Torment don't understand the world gives a lot of freedom to the writers, who don't have to necessarily explain their every sci-fi/fantasy whim.
Of course, Torment is still in the crowdfunding stage. The project has 15 days left on Kickstarter, but 51,000 backers already contributed nearly $2.8 million. That's well beyond its original $900,000 goal.
For McComb, who spends most of his days handling Kickstarter-related duties, he can't wait to get started on the actual production.
“Right now, we're just telling people what we want to do,” said McComb. “Once we get started, we actually get to do it. And I'm beyond excited to do that.”
The emerging narrative in political circles is that the White House has a deficit problem. Glenn Beck, over at Fox News, insists that Obama is "spending us into oblivion." Politico called the recent round of job-stimulus appropriations a "spending binge." Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) deemed this an era of "fiscal recklessness and irresponsibility," the extent of which is "shocking to the American taxpayer."
The drumbeat is loud enough to put Democrats on notice. The president has increasingly discussed the need to get the deficit under control in recent speeches. And in Congress, a proposal to set up a bipartisan commission to force deficit reduction is gaining steam among the party's more conservative members.
All of which may be vital, say budget analysts say. But the hysteria over the deficit misses a fundamental point: the country's fiscal problems largely aren't due to Obama but rather his predecessor.
A forthcoming study by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities concludes that the $1.4 trillion annual deficit run by the government has little to do with current White House policies and much to do with George W. Bush's actions.
"What we have looked at were several major contributors to the deficit: the tax cuts between 2001 and 2003 (on the assumption they get extended in 2010), the cost of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the effects of the recession as well as the legislative response to the recession," James Horney, director of federal fiscal policy at the Center, told the Huffington Post. "When you take those things into account -- in other words, if we hadn't enacted the tax cuts, had the wars, if we hadn't had the recession and needed the legislation to deal with those problems -- the deficits are much, much lower. And basically none of those represent Obama's policies. He didn't run saying he wanted to pass a stimulus to deal with the recession or that he wanted to continue the war in Iraq or escalate [to this extent] in Afghanistan. He inherited these issues once he took office."
"Now we still have a big budget problem in the long run," Horney added. "It is not inappropriate for people to say we have to deal with that. And it is not inappropriate for them to say Obama is president and has the responsibility to deal with this. But it is not appropriate to say that Obama's policies have contributed to the deficit problem."
Horney said that the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities' analysis will be released in the next few weeks. But already, there is data available to supplement its findings. In mid-November, the Democratic-leaning Center for American Progress put together an analysis of its own, in which it concluded that the so-called "Obama spending spree" paled in comparison to the checks written by Bush (see a graph from CAP's report below).
"It's true that spending in 2009 was much higher than it was the previous fiscal year, by about $602 billion, excluding payments on the national debt (which actually declined in 2009 because of low interest rates)," wrote Michael Linden, an associate director for tax and budget policy at the Center. "But it turns out that a huge chunk of that increase actually happened before President Obama took office. In fact, fully 41 percent, or $245 billion, came in the form of the Troubled Asset Relief Program and the rescues of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, actions taken in the fall of 2008 under President George W. Bush.
As for the deficit that conservatives decried, Linden concluded that it was the recession, not Obama, that was to blame. In 2009, federal tax receipts were $419 billion below 2008 levels -- the largest decline from one year to the next in seven decades. "The overall cost of the decline in tax revenues was four times larger than the cost of Obama's initiatives," wrote Linden.
The decline of tax revenues due to the recession may not be a development tied to Obama. But it has become a perplexing problem for this administration.
The White House has raised spending levels by roughly $600 billion in FY2009 -- almost exclusively through temporary programs such as the stimulus -- in order to spur economic growth and increase that revenue base. But spending money to make money can be a costly venture in the short run, especially as the recession is prolonged. Unemployment benefits that used to expire after six months, for instance, have been extended by Congress at a heavy but morally defensible cost. And even when GDP rises, the government is still operating off a largely reduced revenue stream, complicating its efforts to pass pieces of domestic legislation.
I am not a licensed investment adviser , and I am not providing you with individual investment advice on this site. Please consult with an investment professional before you invest your money. This site is for entertainment and educational use only - any opinion expressed on the site here and elsewhere on the internet is not a form of investment advice provided to you. I use information in my articles I believe to be correct at the time of writing them on my site, which information may or may not be accurate. We are not liable for any losses suffered by any party because of information published on this blog. Past performance is not a guarantee of future performance. Unless your investments are FDIC insured, they may decline in value.
By reading this site, you agree that you are solely responsible for making investment decisions in connection with your funds.
Allah has referred to the Quran as a Book, which by definition is something written, in many Quranic passages. One example would be (what means): ( By the Mountain, and by a written Book (the Quran), written in pages of a book spread out ) [52:1-3]
The Prophet (may Allah raise his rank and grant him peace) said, what means, (( Do not travel with the Quran, since I can not guarantee that the enemies would not get a hold of it. )) [Muslim]
Quite obviously, the Messenger of Allah (may Allah raise his rank and grant him peace) was not referring to the Quran memorized in their hearts or the Quran in al-Lowh al-Mahfooth (the Preserved Tablet)! He was referring to the mus-haf, the written Quran, and he explicitly called it “the Quran”.
‘Umar ibn al-Khattaab, the second Caliph of the Muslims (may Allah be pleased with him), had no problem with this expression either, as it is narrated that he wrote to the governors in the various lands under his rule, following the best example, saying: “Do not travel with the Quran to enemy lands, since I fear that one of them might get a hold of it.”
Aboo Bakr As-Siddeeq, the first Caliph, placed Zayd ibn Thaabit (may Allah be pleased with them both) in charge of compiling the scattered writings of the Quran into one mus-haf, as the era of Divine Revelation had just ended, and the Quran could not have been compiled into one book while it was still coming down.
Zayd said about the gravity of this task:“I swear by Allah, had they placed me in charge of moving a mountain, it would not have been more heavy than the task he ordered me with of compiling the Quran (into one mus-haf)!”
During that time and ever since, this event is referred to by the Muslim scholars as Jam' al-Quran, or the compilation of the Quran (into one mus-haf).
‘Uthmaan ibn ‘Affaan, the third Caliph (may Allah be pleased with him), said, “I do not like that a day and night pass except that I look at the Speech of Allah, the Mighty and Majestic.” (meaning: reading the mus-haf)
‘Alee ibn Abee Taalib, the fourth Caliph (may Allah be pleased with him), said, “May Allah have Mercy on Aboo Bakr, for he was the first one to gather the Quran between two book covers (i.e. in one mus-haf).”
‘Abdullaah ibn Mas'ood (may Allah be pleased with him), was reported to have said, “Verily, this Quran in front of you is about to be snatched away from you!”
His student asked, “How could it be snatched away from us while Allah has made it firm in our hearts and we have recorded it precisely in our mus-hafs?!
He replied, "It (the Quran) shall be taken up in one night, and everything in the hearts shall be snatched away, and everything in the mus-hafs shall go, and the people shall become needy from it (the event). Then he recited, what means: ( And if We wanted we could take away that which We revealed to you ).”
‘Ikrimah ibn Abee Jahl, one of the Companions (may Allah be pleased with him), used to hold the mus-haf to his face, saying, “The Book of My Lord, the Mighty and Majestic, the Speech of My Lord, the Mighty and Majestic!”
Presidential hopeful Ron Paul made a splash with supporters in California on Friday, and the impetus in a rowdy round of applause was something of serious concern with voters this election year: the Internet.
Addressing an audience at the University of California, San Diego late last week, Texas Congressman Ron Paul warmed up the crowd by starting off his speech attacking the ongoing attempts by the federal government to censor the Internet. Weeks earlier Congressman Paul publically renounced the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, or CISPA, but by the enthusiasm in which the lawmaker once again attacked the legislation, it seems clear that it is still a very pressing issue with the politician.
Congressman Paul began an address attended by an estimated 2,000 people on Friday by discussing the importance of the US Constitution's First Amendment. “Without the First Amendment it is very difficult for us to get our message out,” said Paul, “but I want to make sure that the first amendment is protected on the Internet as well.”
The congressman's call to stop online censorship was met with a rousing round of applause.
“Every once in a while there will be a court case and there will be some controversial language involved and the courts are supposed to decide, is it constitutional to say these controversial things? Well let me tell you, the First Amendment wasn't written so that you can talk about the weather,” said Rep. Paul. “It was written so that you can talk about controversial things and even challenge our own government.”
Despite this plea, lawmakers in Washington, D.C. have argued otherwise. The US House of Representatives recently passed CISPA, now meaning that the Senate and President Barack Obama are the only things that will keep the legislation from being signed into law. If it makes it that far, the government will be given the go-ahead to access information from all over the Internet without the consent of regular Web surfers.
Congressman Paul was among the first well-known American politicians to publically condemn CISPA — days after he attacked the act last year, the White House released a statement saying that the president's advisers would be recommending a veto. As evident with the commander-in-chiefs reluctant signing of the National Defense Authorization Act last year — one he made “with reservations”— the promise of a veto might not mean much until the president actually puts his foot down and sends CISPA back to Congress without his autograph.
Rep. Paul openly attacked CISPA for the first time last month in a tape-recorded address released on the Web. In it, the congressman said the proposed bill “represents an alarming form of corporatism as it further intertwines governments with companies like Google and Facebook.”
“It permits them to hand over your private communications to government officials without a warrant, circumventing the well-known established federal laws like the Wiretap Act and the Electronic Communications Privacy Act,” added the congressman.
Speaking from San Diego on Friday, Paul also touched on what he says is the government's attempt to systematically revoke the civil liberties of Americans.
“In a free society, you should be allowed to lead the life you choose but suffer the consequences if you make a mistake, but also the government can't come in and tell us what we can do with our personal lifestyles,” said the congressman.
Following former House Speaker Newt Gingrich's forfeit from the race for the White House last week, Ron Paul is left as the most likely contender to battle with Mitt Romney for the Republican Party's nomination for president. Reports in recent days that allege that the congressman has accumulated the bulk of delegates in both the states of Maine and Nevada, suggesting that although he has been cast aside by the GOP establishment, Rep. Paul's widespread support might be a real force to reckon with when a candidate is formally established at the Republican National Convention slated for this August in Tampa, Florida.
Still, the damage from the latest floods has been heavy, and big cities like Wuhan and Nanjing have been disrupted by water pooling in densely populated areas.
By Friday, 164 people had died and 26 were missing in the flooding across 11 provinces, according to the government. Also, 73,000 homes had collapsed, and nearly 1.7 million acres of crops had been wiped out. The government estimated economic losses at $10 billion.
On Friday, the state-run news media announced that 35 people had died in Xinjiang, a far western region, after heavy rain set off a landslide that smothered a village two days earlier.
The state-run news media said that the death count this year would have been higher if the government and military forces had not acted so quickly to reinforce flood defenses and move vulnerable people. The government has also emphasized the role of the Three Gorges Dam, which can hold back surges of water that would otherwise threaten areas downstream along the Yangtze.
Rainfall across China this year has been 21 percent higher than average, and 27 percent higher along the Yangtze River basin, which holds much of China's farming and industrial heartland, according to the national meteorological office. Experts have said the rains have been driven by a strong El Niño, when unusually warm water sits in the Pacific Ocean near the Equator, shifting weather patterns across much of Asia and other regions around the Pacific.
While the dikes may be working, the lack of effective drainage in cities has become a sore point with the public.
In Wuhan, residents have complained that officials did too little to improve drainage and have allowed lakes to be filled in for development.
Washington (CNN) Secretary of State John Kerry made clear Thursday that he was not afraid to walk away from the negotiating table as he addressed looming questions about the Iranian nuclear deal currently in the works.
"We are not going to sit at the negotiating table forever. We also recognize that we shouldn't get up and leave simply because the clock strikes midnight," Kerry said from Vienna, where the talks are taking place.
The deal's deadline has been extended twice, and both U.S. and Iranian officials have said differences remain ahead of a third deadline on Friday.
In an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour, E.U. Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini said "the moment of truth will come extremely soon, (in the) next hours I think."
In his comments Thursday, Kerry stressed that despite the tough issues that still have to be resolved, progress continues to be made.
Read More
Said Hajouli's wife is on a flight from Turkey to Dulles that is scheduled to land at 7 pm tonight. Hajouli, a physician at Washington Hospital Center, has no idea what's going to happen when she gets off the plane, but he knows what the worst-case scenario is.
“The worst scenario will happen, actually, she's going to go back to Turkey and then in Turkey, she'll go back to Syria, and she can't do that,” he said by phone Saturday. He asked Jezebel not to use his wife's name.
He says he and his wife left Syria about two years ago, when he came to D.C. to practice medicine on a German visa. His wife stayed in Turkey, eventually gaining a J2 visa to join him in the States.
“She's been on the flight almost ten hours, almost from the beginning of this,” he said, referring to the ripple effect emanating from Donald Trump's executive order titled “Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States.”
Hajouli is right to be worried—so far Trump's order has blocked out refugees facing death at home, college students coming back from winter vacation, and legal permanent residents of the U.S., whose only apparent misdeeds were not booking earlier flights.
Advertisement
As of Saturday afternoon, twelve people had been detained at New York's JFK Airport in the hours since Trump signed the Muslim ban at the Pentagon Friday, declaring proudly, “That's big stuff!” Only one man—Hameed Darweesh, an Iraqi man who got a green card for his work with the American government—has been released. There are also reports of refugees detained at Philadelphia International Airport.
Darweesh, who was detained for almost 19 hours and handcuffed, is comparatively fortunate; the New Yorker just published a heartbreaking account of an Iraqi man and former U.S. Army interpreter, whose wife spent years obtaining a Special Immigrant Visa, which required her to pass security screenings, interviews, and even a biometric scan. She got her passport on Thursday, the day before Trump signed the order, and was turned away from her flight in Dubai early Saturday morning. Her family members tell the magazine an AirDubai staff member “ripped up her ticket” and sent her back to Iraq. The New York Times has also gathered dozens of similar reports.
Advertisement
The order temporarily bans all persons from Iraq, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen, as well as refugees fleeing ISIS. The relevant portion of the order proclaims entry by persons from those countries as “detrimental to the interests of the United States” and calls for an “immediate” 90 day-ban. Certain types of visas, including diplomatic, are exempt.
But authorities, both foreign and in the U.S., seem unclear on whether to stop those people from boarding, detain them, or send them back.
“Nobody has any idea what is going on,” a Department of Homeland Security source tells NBC, explaining neither DHS nor the State Department had any input in the order.
Advertisement
At JFK, the Times reports, International Refugee Assistance Project supervising attorney Mark Doss asked a border agent who to call.
“Call Mr. Trump,” the agent replied.
According to flight trackers, Hajouli's wife's plane is currently halfway across the Atlantic Ocean, and running about 25 minutes ahead of schedule. What will happen to her once the flight lands at Dulles is anyone's guess. A number listed for Dulles media relations rang through to a broken voicemail.
Advertisement
Hajouli is now racing against the clock to save her from being turned away, but he's having trouble finding a way to get her representation.
“I spoke to lawyers, but in the airport they don't allow any lawyers,” he said.
Update 1/29/17 3:05 p.m.
Hajouli's wife was held in detention overnight and released Sunday morning. The couple were finally reunited in the afternoon after completing the requisite paperwork for her to seek asylum.
Advertisement
“I am very happy. You cannot imagine how happy I am,” he said. “What happened to her was like a nightmare.”
Premier Kathleen Wynne's honeymoon is ending thanks in part to her controversial predecessor, Dalton McGuinty, a new poll suggests. Wynne's Liberals have slipped behind the Progressive Conservatives, led by Tim Hudak.
Forum Research president Lorne Bozinoff said Dalton McGuinty's shadow appears to loom over Kathleen Wynne. “I don't think he's been helping her, that's for sure,” Bozinoff said Thursday. ( Colin McConnell / Toronto Star file photo )
The Tories are at 35 per cent to the Grits' 33 per cent, ahead of the New Democrats, led by Andrea Horwath, at 24 per cent, and Mike Schreiner's Greens at 8 per cent. Forum Research president Lorne Bozinoff said McGuinty's shadow appears to loom over Wynne. “I don't think he's been helping her, that's for sure,” Bozinoff said Thursday.
Article Continued Below
“She can't shake that baggage,” he said, adding Conservative attack ads tying Wynne to McGuinty are clearly having an impact. The TV commercials link the two Liberal leaders by highlighting how the governing party spent at least $585 million to scrap gas plants in Oakville and Mississauga to win five local seats in the 2011 election. “The Liberals have just got to get the gas plants behind them,” said Bozinoff. Forum used interactive voice response phone calls to poll 1,037 Ontarians on Wednesday. Results are considered accurate to within three percentage points, 19 times out of 20. The pollster also asked how McGuinty would be remembered.
About a third — 32 per cent — said it would be as “one of Ontario's worst premiers.” Almost a quarter — 23 per cent — said “a poor premier,” while 26 per cent said “an average premier” and 13 per cent said “one of Ontario's best premiers.” Six per cent didn't know.
Article Continued Below
“In time, he'll look better,” predicted Bozinoff. “I don't think he did well before the (gas plant) committee this week . . . so this is going to catch him at his worst. Probably over time his numbers will come up.” Still, McGuinty is proving to be a drag on his successor. Last month's Forum poll had the Liberals at 38 per cent, the Tories at 34 per cent, the NDP at 21 per cent and the Greens at 6 per cent. Wynne's approval rating is also down to 37 per cent from 41 per cent in May. In contrast, Horwath is holding steady again at 43 per cent while Hudak remains mired at 26 per cent. “There's just something about the way he presents himself on TV . . . which is people's only real knowledge to base these things on,” Bozinoff said of Hudak. “He just doesn't come across that well,” he said, noting the ads that are having an impact on Wynne's numbers do not feature the Tory leader. In terms of who would make the best premier, all the major party leaders are deadlocked. Wynne was at 22 per cent while Hudak and Horwath are at 20 per cent. About a quarter of respondents — 24 per cent — said “none of these” and 13 per cent didn't know.
Read more about:
FAQ about transgender people
(This section is condensed and reproduced with permission from Wipe Out Transphobia. )
“You're trans, oh so you're gay then?”
This is a common, if not the most common misconception that trans people face when coming out or discussing their situation with other people. The quick answer to this is, well yes, some trans people are gay, but they are not gay because they are trans! In actual fact, just like the rest of the population, sexuality varies a lot and has nothing to do with a person's Gender Identity. Trans people can be lesbian, gay, bisexual or of course, straight!
We would like to stress this again, sexuality, that is who you are attracted to sexually, has nothing to do with whether a person is trans or not.
“Is being trans just a phase?”
Contrary to popular belief, being trans is not just a phase or something people who've been diagnosed will grow out of/forget about; it's actually a full time, ongoing nightmare for those affected, usually with the only viable treatment being to transition.
“If you transition, you'll never be happy”
Again, this is a pretty scary assumption as it perpetuates the idea that to be trans is a lost cause and that even after a successful transition, a trans person couldn't possibly be happy. The truth of the matter is that of those who do transition to a place they are comfortable, can and do live normal healthy lives, both within work, socially and sexually. Being trans is not something new, there are in fact already many trans people living out and about within your communities, most of them doing exactly the same things you do every day. Just because you cannot visibly see and notice trans people, doesn't mean we aren't there.
“But, you're never going to find love and get married”
Well, yes we just might! This again has nothing to do with whether a person is trans or not, it actually affects everyone the same way. Meeting the right person to spend your life with doesn't revolve around being trans or not. Many, many trans people find partners both pre- and post-transition and live very happy, loving lives.
“Isn't this all about genitals, you know, when we get down to it”
Nope. Genitals and surgery are but a small part of a few trans people's transition, but it's not essential. Trans folk who transition can do this quite successfully without seeking genital surgery and this can be for many reasons, usually very personal to the person involved. It is not appropriate and in fact would be seen as quite rude to ask about a trans person's genitalia when discussing trans issues with them. Think about it, when was the last time you asked your friends, family or coworkers about theirs? Exactly, well it's no more appropriate just because a person is trans.
“No genital surgery, well you're not a full Man/Woman then!”
Again, this is very rude and assumes a lot of things, not least that being a man or woman is only related to a person's private parts. Gender is a social construct/idea and involves how a person acts and relates to themselves and other people within society. Physical sexual characteristics are entirely separate from this (genitals), meaning that if someone identifies and presents as a particular gender within society, this is exactly who they are and how they should be treated.
“Trans people are just Drag Queens/Kings?”
The two are in fact entirely unrelated. Trans people, however we identify are not Drag Queens / Kings because we're trans, just as we're not more likely to buy a particular kind of clothing just because we're trans. Drag is an art form and particularly concerned with the entertainment of others through the over impersonation of the opposite gender. This is definitely not what being trans is. Being trans is about personal identity and about how you feel comfortable, it is not an entertainment platform. This again though, does not mean that some trans people don't perform, however it has nothing to do with them being trans in the first place.
“But you made the choice to be trans!”
Hmmmn, well again, no. Trans people can no more choose to be trans than we can choose how tall we are. Trans people have been scientifically proven to be born the way they are, with physical conditions at birth contributing towards the error between gender identity and physical sex. Some people manage to live their lives and suppress their feelings, but some people cannot and then transition. Some trans people will say that they were born trans and then chose to transition, while others will say they had no choice in either and that transition was the only way they could survive. Neither of these is wrong, it really does just depend on the person, however this still doesn't mean that people choose to be trans.
“Trans people always regret going through transition!”
A rather odd myth we think, but one that exists anyway. As a treatment, transition is one of the only ways a trans person who has GID can be helped to recover and to be able to rebuild their lives again. Of course, we go through a lot of evaluations and tests to make sure what we do is the right choice for us, but this means that ultimately very few trans people ever regret going through transition and aligning their physical body with how they feel inside.
“It's all about the sex/fetish, right?”
So many of the myths we have been sent have related to the mix-up between gender identity and sex/sexuality. This one again perpetuates the view that people who transition or cross-dress are all some kind of deviant looking for sexual gratification in some way. We can say with a high degree of certainty that this is not the case and that those who do, do this for many other reasons, all excluding however, sex and fetish. Gender identity is exactly that, it's how you identify, which means whether you transition from one physical sex to another to match your internal identity, live androgynous, or dress at weekends, it's to do with feeling comfortable and bringing oneself into line internally and externally.
“Trans people can't get jobs, they'll end up as prostitutes!”
Well, yes they can actually and no, they won't. Many trans folk find successful employment in a myriad of different employment situations and lots keep the old jobs they had prior to transition. It's not easy as discrimination and misinformation, along with employers' misconceptions about trans people integrating into their workforce still exist, however many trans folk have rewarding and fulfilling careers, with the fact they're trans having no bearing on that at all. In the UK [and the United States] for instance, trans people are specifically protected from workplace discrimination.
“Trans women are just men trying to invade women's space”
Unfortunately, this is something we hear quite regularly from the more radical section of the feminist movement. Feminism is great and we obviously support equality, however this assertion that trans women trying to use the toilet (for instance) are just men trying to invade women's space is absolutely ludicrous. Transition is an incredibly difficult process, one which is undertaken with great care and determination, however this determination is for nothing other than to feel like ourselves. Unfortunately Radical Feminism creates some of the most abundant transphobia this century.
“I'm attracted to a trans Man/Woman, am I gay?”
This is related to a myth further up the page and again we would like to stress that gender identity and sexuality are separate. If you're a straight guy who finds a trans woman attractive, it shouldn't be a surprise to you. That would be heterosexual attraction. If you're a straight woman who's attracted to a trans guy, then this again is heterosexual attraction. You would be straight before you thought they were cute, and you'll still be straight afterwards!
“You're not a ‘true' trans person, because……”
This is the myth that there's a particular kind of stereotype that all trans people fit into and so when you don't fit, you just cannot possibly be trans. Well again, we're sorry to burst people's bubbles, but trans people are as varied as every other type of person, minority, majority, community etc. Quite often, the only thing that people in our community have in common is that we're dealing with some kind of internal gender identity that doesn't match us physically, and that really is it. Trans people all have different life experiences, hobbies, jobs, family, qualifications, religions or faiths or any other variation you can think of.
———-
My thanks to Emma Bailey, founder of Wipe Out Transphobia.
(This section is condensed and reproduced with permission from Wipe Out Transphobia. )
———
Anita Perry gave a speech today at North Greenville University in South Carolina, in which she asserted that God called her husband to run for president, and that he was being “brutalized” by political opponents, even from within his own party, because of his faith.
Perry revealed that in 2010, there was a “nagging and pulling at my heart for him to run for president,” but that her husband wanted to be governor of Texas. She told him there was “no leadership in Washington,” yet that the federal government is “taking over our lives.”
As governor of Texas, she reminded the audience, her husband uses his “spiritual training” to make moral decisions.
About contemplating a run for president in 2010, “God was already speaking to me,” she said, “but he [Rick] didn't want to hear it.”
But, she went on, “he was hearing from other people, too.” In the first of several biblical references, she added, “he needed to see the burning bush.”
Her husband prayed, Perry insisted. “He threw that fleece out there twice to make sure it came back with what he needed to do.” This is a reference to Gideon's fleece, which, as Anthea Butler explained:
refers to an account in Judges 6:33-40. Gideon sets fleece on a threshing floor, using it as a way of asking God for a sign whether or not to go into battle against the Midianites. God gives Gideon the sign to smite the Midianites and to do battle with his Baal-worshiping neighbors.
Setting out Gideon's fleece, then, “is a way for believers to seek God's approval for their own ambitions or ‘calling,' and to claim they are carrying out God's purposes in conquering heathens and idol-worshipers.”
Who might the heathens be? Perry made the case that they may be lurking within the GOP: “We truly feel he was called to do this; we still feel called to do this,” she said, adding, “We're being brutalized by our opponents, by our party. . . because of his faith. He's the only true conservative.”
“Our country is on the abyss of failure and destruction,” she warned, adding, “we are fighting for the soul of our country.”
A victory, it seems, would be attributable to divine forces. Perry recounted a voter who, on the campaign trail, told her husband, “God is testing you right now. God is testing you because He wants you to know, that when you're in the White House, how you got there.”
He's Moses, Gideon, and Abraham, all rolled into one.
During a week in which Perry's own point man was revealed to have what might be charitably called tolerance issues with other people's faiths, it will be interesting to see how his party—and voters—react to Perry playing the evangelicals-are-persecuted card.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission sought comments last June on whether it should switch its default “dose-response model” for ionizing radiation from a linear no threshold model to a hormesis model. This highly technical debate may sound like it has nothing to do with the average American, but the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's (NRC) decision on the matter could set the stage for a dramatic shift in the way health and environmental standards are set in the United States, with implications for everyone.
Regulators use dose-response models to explain how human health responds to exposure to environmental stressors like chemicals or radiation. These models are typically used to fill gaps where data is limited or non-existent. For example, analysts might have evidence about health effects in rodents that were exposed to very high doses of a chemical, but if they want to know what happens to humans at much lower exposure levels, there might not be much available information, for both practical and ethical reasons.
The linear no threshold (LNT) model has a tendency to overestimate risk because it assumes there's no safe dose — or “threshold” — for an environmental stressor. (We discuss the LNT model in our new Mercatus Center research, “Regulating Under Uncertainty: Use of the Linear No Threshold Model in Chemical and Radiation Exposure.”) The response (cancer, in most cases) is assumed to be proportional to the dose at any level, even when exposure is just a single molecule. LNT is popular with regulators in part because of its conservative nature. When setting standards, the logic goes, better to be safe than sorry. That is, it's better to assume that there is no threshold and be wrong than to assume a safe dose exists when one does not.
But does the use of the LNT model really produce the “conservative” results its proponents claim? There are very good reasons to doubt it.
The first is that there are no absolute choices; there are only tradeoffs. Regulations that address risk induce behavioral responses among the regulated. These responses carry risks of their own. For example, if a chemical is banned by a regulator, companies usually substitute another chemical in place of the banned one. Both the banned chemical and the substitute carry risks, but if risks are exaggerated by an unknown amount, then we remain ignorant of the safer option. And because LNT detects — by design — low-dose health risks in any substance where there is evidence of toxicity at high doses, businesses are led to use newer, not-yet-assessed chemicals.
Economic costs borne from complying with regulations also produce “risk tradeoffs.” Since compliance costs are ultimately passed on to individuals, lost income from regulations means less money to spend addressing risks privately. When their incomes fall, people forgo buying things such as home security systems, gym memberships, healthier food, new smoke detectors, or safer vehicles. And when regulators inflate publicly addressed risks but leave private risks unanalyzed, it becomes impossible to weigh the pros and cons of public versus private risk mitigation.
But the most compelling reason to doubt that LNT is a “conservative” standard is simply that it's likely to be wrong in so many cases. The assumption that “any exposure” causes harm is contradicted not only by common sense, but by a growing body of research. In the decades since LNT was first adopted by regulatory agencies, more and more evidence supporting a threshold — or even a “hormetic” — model of dose response has been found.
Hormesis occurs when low doses of exposure actually cause beneficial health outcomes, and, coincidentally, the scientific evidence for hormesis appears strongest in the area where the LNT was first adopted before its use spread to other areas: radiation. For example, low-doses of radiation exposure have been shown to have protective effects against kidney damage in diabetic patients, and low doses of X-rays have been associated with an anti-inflammatory response to treat pneumonia. There is now evidence of hormesis in hundreds of experiments, but the LNT rules out — by assumption — the possibility of these kinds of beneficial health responses.
Unfortunately, the way regulators typically respond to these problems is simply by ignoring them. Hence a better moniker for the use of the LNT model might be “Ignorance Is Bliss.” So long as regulators ignore the inconvenient truths posed by the possibilities of hormesis and risk tradeoffs, they can continue going to work every day maintaining the belief they are protecting public health. But the uncertainty in their risk assessments is so great that, in fact, regulators often have no idea whether they're improving public health or doing just the opposite.
A reconsideration of the LNT is long overdue. At the very least, risk analysts should characterize uncertainty using multiple-dose response models — including a threshold model or a hormetic model — when no model has the overwhelming support of the scientific evidence. And analyzing risk tradeoffs should be a routine part of rulemaking.
The NRC should be commended for acknowledging the doubts about the LNT. When the time comes for the agency's decision, let's hope they choose knowledge over ignorance.
Apple has been granted a preliminary injunction in a German court that bans the import and distribution of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 Android tablet throughout the European Union, with the exception of The Netherlands, where a separate legal proceeding is under way. Apple sued Samsung in the Regional Court of Düsseldorf for patent infringement, and the company accused Samsung of copying the iPad and trying to trade off of its success.
The preliminary injunction comes on the heels of a similar ruling in Australia, where Samsung has agreed to delay the introduction of its Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet while the two companies duke it out in court.
The news was first reported by German site dpa, and an Apple spokesperson confirmed that it won the injunction with Bloomberg.
“It's no coincidence that Samsung's latest products look a lot like the iPhone and iPad, from the shape of the hardware to the user interface and even the packaging,” Apple spokesperson Kristin Huguet said in a statement to Bloomberg. “This kind of blatant copying is wrong, and we need to protect Apple's intellectual property when companies steal our ideas.”
Reporting for FOSS Patents, noted patent watcher Florian Mueller, a native of Germany, characterized the Regional Court of Düsseldorf as being known for favoring patent holders the same way the Eastern District of Texas court in Marshall, TX, is known to favor them in the U.S. Apple has been on the losing end of several confrontations in that court.
He also explained that German laws on patent infringement are quite strict and that patent holders are always entitled to an injunction if they can prove infringement. As noted above, Apple's injunction against Samsung is preliminary—the case is currently in the discovery and pleading phase, but the injunction was based on a fast-track procedure whereby Apple was able to show the courts that it was likely to prevail in its claims against Samsung.
This newest victory for Apple is just part of the company's fight against Android, where Apple has accused Android of copying its smartphones and tablet and infringing on several patents the company owns. Apple has accused HTC, Samsung, and Motorola of infringing on its patents with their Android devices, particularly in the tablet arena. Earlier on Tuesday, the U.S. International Trade Commission agreed to hear new patent infringement complaints from Apple against HTC.
Eric Zuesse
However, our laws have been written so as to protect government officials, and corporate executives, if and when they are prosecuted for it. This leaves considerable discretion for prosecutors and judges to let them off the hook; and, as a consequence of this rampant discretion, there are numerous similar cases that receive starkly different procedural and judicial outcomes (a classic definition of “injustice”); so that, in this, as in so many other aspects of government in the United States, our country is far more a government by persons, than it is a government by laws.
This means that the legal outcome of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's attempt to destroy the evidence on the email server that she had had installed in her basement, will depend not so much on what the laws are (which are intentionally vague), but on who is investigating, reporting, and making decisions about that case.
For an elementary example showing how arbitrary our system is about such matters, consider that this case ended with no prosecution of the police officers. A former Secretary of State who is also the leading candidate for President of the United States, may be presumed to be at least as likely, as they, to avoid even weak penalties for her evidence-tampering, regardless of how heavy the legal penalties might be for what she did if the perpetrator were only a regular powerless citizen doing essentially the same thing (and this is true regardless of whether or not there were top-secret documents on that unsecure server — the feature of the case which is the almost exclusive focus of media-coverage and federal investigation about the event).
For example: if the only reason why she destroyed that evidence was in order to prevent voters from knowing her private connections to persons and organizations that her Department was doing business with, and the ‘top-secret' matter weren't involved at all in the case, then what she was doing by deleting the records might not have been technically “criminal” at all, yet its outcome if she becomes President might be far more harmful to the nation than any lapse of state-security from unsecured private possession of top-secret information would be, or might have been.
So: on the face of it, what Secretary Clinton did was evidence-tampering and thus a federal crime, but to expect it to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, or even at all, would seem to be unlikely. It might be, in the American system, permissible crime.
See:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoliation_of_evidence
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tampering_with_evidence
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1519:
18 U.S. Code § 1519 – Destruction, alteration, or falsification of records in Federal investigations and bankruptcy
Current through Pub. L. 114-38. (See Public Laws for the current Congress.)
US Code
prev | next
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsifies, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both.
(Added Pub. L. 107–204, title VIII, § 802(a), July 30, 2002, 116 Stat. 800.)
http://www.insidecounsel.com/2013/07/18/litigation-sanctions-for-spoliation-of-evidence
http://scholarship.law.duke.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1218&context=dlj:
[p. 1254, or p. 40 of the 122-page pdf discussing in this passage the Sarbanes-Oxley law's changes to the criminal laws that had existed before Arthur Anderson & Co. accountants had evidence-tampered Enron's audit-reports:] What if the documents are destroyed to guard against whatever suit might arise, without having specific litigation in mind? For example, how would the provision apply to the ongoing destruction of safety test records by a manufacturer when there is no specific plaintiff — perhaps not even a specific buyer for the product? Arguably, such upstream behavior would still fall outside the bounds of new section 1512(c).152 At the very least, Sarbanes-Oxley does little to resolve the issue. … If Andersen had been destroying audit-related documents as it went along, rather than after it learned of the SEC inquiry in October 2001, would it have been criminally liable under new section 1512(c)? Arguably not.
Regarding her likely Republican opponent (if she wins the nomination), Donald Trump, the three class-action lawsuits against him regarding Trump ‘University', are presently civil fraud cases instead of federal criminal ones; but that could change. Trump, an aristocrat himself, has lots of enemies within the aristocracy. Unlike most of the other aristocrats, his fortune is in real estate instead of stocks; so, the Wall Street banks and the private equity and hedge fund people who finance most of American politics don't like his plans on taxes and on shipping jobs overseas to lower-wage countries (so as to boost corporate profits). Already, Republican billionaires, such as Marlene and Joe Ricketts, founders of TD Ameritrade, are running Super-PAC ads against him on the Trump ‘University' matter.
The Ricketts are dyed-in-the wool Republicans but they might support Clinton this time around — lots of Republican as well as Democratic billionaires might do that.
In 2012, the Ricketts had hired a firm to draw up a plan to stir hatred against President Obama. The plan as presented to them was titled “The Defeat of Barack Hussein Obama: The Ricketts Plan to End His Spending for Good.” It opened by saying, “Our plan is to do exactly what John McCain would not let us do. Show the world… the elephant in the room. … The metrosexual black Abe Lincoln has emerged as a hyper-partisan, hyper-liberal, elitist politician with more than a bit of the trimmer in him.” The plan became described on 17 May 2012 in The New York Times, in a news story, by Jeff Zeleny and Jim Rutenberg, headlined “G.O.P. ‘Super PAC' Weighs Hard-Line Attack on Obama.” They reported that the 54-page document was being considered by Joe Ricketts, who was aiming to spend $10 million in 2012 to get Republicans elected. “Lamenting that voters ‘still aren't ready to hate this president,' the document concluded that the campaign should ‘explain how forces out of Obama's control, that shaped the man, have made him” the wrong person to lead the nation “in these days and times.” It recommended “full-page newspaper advertisements featuring a comment Mr. [Rev. Jeremiah] Wright made the Sunday after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. ‘America's chickens are coming home to roost,' he said.” The Ricketts servant who had prepared this plan was evidently desperate, because voters, as his plan said, “still aren't ready to hate this president.” The Jeremiah Wright attacks fell flat against Obama in 2008 and would be even less successful now four years later; so, Ricketts spent his campaign money elsewhere. And now, he's spending his money in an attempt to prevent Trump from winning his Party's nomination.
With both Republican and Democratic billionaires determined to block Trump from the White House, maybe it will be Trump instead of Clinton who ends up being indicted. Unlike Clinton, he doesn't have friends in the right places. But anyway, the relative merits and demerits of candidates have little to do with the matter. Nor do the laws.
—————
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST'S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.
Date: Dec 16, 2016
Celebrate the last evening of 2016 at one of the many new restaurants in Downtown Allentown. Remember to join us at 7th & Hamilton Streets for live music by Charlie Brown's Notorious Groove starting at 10 p.m. leading up to a fireworks display over the Soldiers & Sailors Monument at Midnight. Click here for more information about the event.
New Year's Eve Dance Party at Allentown Brew Works
The best of 80's and 90's Alternative and Post Punk, current Tech House, Hip Hop, Coldwave, and Electronic! No club music, no playlists, all live mixing, always a good time! 10 pm - 2 am
The Allentown Brew Works is also hosting a Kids NYE Party from 5-9 pm in the High Gravity Lounge. Movies and music will be on the big screen with sparkling cider after the big countdown to "midnight" (7:00 pm).
We'll have our regular menus available as well as the bar open for parents.
Reservations Required, please call 610-433-7777
Bell Hall's New Year's Eve Celebration
Copper Fields LIVE 9pm - 1am
Champagne Toast at Midnight
Ring in the New Year at Centro
There will be a late night menu starting at 11pm and continue until 12:30am! Perfect for something quick as you warm up next to the fireplace and toast in the anno nuovo.
Seafood Feast at Chickie's & Pete's
Ring in the New Year with a seafood feast, right here in downtown Allentown with Chickie's & Pete's. DJ, Dancing, Champagne Toast, Drink Specials, and $10.00 Mussels. ​Call for reservation information. 484.273.4507.
Celebrate at The Dime
Make your reservations now for a very speciald inner at The Dime. There will be live music from 10:30 - 1:30 as you enjoy the best seats in Center City Allentown for the NYE Fireworks at Midnight.
grain.
This Saturday Grain is transforming "JUST FOR THE COUNTDOWN!" Party starts at 10:30pm, dress to impress, NO COVER, light buffet, party favors, and champagne toast provided. DJ Skitzo will be turning the clock back and playing all the 90's early 2000's dance hits to bring in the new year.
New Year's Eve with Pip the Mouse!
Help us celebrate the last performances of the puppet show for the season. Come and talk with the puppeteers, take pictures, reminisce about Pip and enjoy refreshments.
Performances of Pip: The Mouse Before Christmas are at 10:00 a.m., 11:00 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 1:30 p.m., and 2:30 p.m.
We will have a countdown to “midnight” at Noon for the children so they can celebrate the New Year without staying up late.
New Year's Eve Celebration at The Hamilton Kitchen
Live Entertainment from the Groove Merchants 9pm-1am, champagne toast at midnight, and downtown's best view of the fireworks from our heated patio!
Halo Nightclub NYE Celebration
Celebrate NYE with Power 99 DJ Alamo and local favorite DJ Menace. For $10, enjoy drink specials and $120 pricing on top shelf bottles (including gratuity). View live footage of the NYC ball drop, leading up to a balloon drop at midnight.
Call 610-435-3540 to reserve VIP sections.
Hook Seafood and Grill
NYE buffet from 5 p.m. until 9:30 p.m. for $49.95. Call ahead for a reservation.
Queen City BBQ with The BC Combo
Ring in the New Year at Queen City BBQ with special menu items and live music by The BC Combo.
Sugar Hill Jazz House
Enjoy live music by Nancy Coletti starting at 9 p.m.
Don't forget to keep the following locations in mind while you're exploring downtown -
Studio 740 - Visit Studio 740 for a pre-fireworks display get-together beginning at 6 p.m. This will be a celebration of friends and family - bring your instruments, Ann will supply the baby grand, accordions, electric, six string and acoustic twelve-string guitars!
Gallery 724
99 Bottles
Center Ice - This Saturday, Dec. 31st is the last day Center Ice will be open before they close for the season to focus on parties and private events!
Roar Social House
Johnny's Bagels
Tim Horton's
Starbuck's
Wok Box
A much-maligned molecule that is devastating in the brain may have therapeutic potential outside it. The sticky amyloid-beta protein, which piles up in the brains of people with Alzheimer's disease, actually reverses paralysis in mice with symptoms of multiple sclerosis.
The unexpected finding, published in the Aug. 1 Science Translational Medicine, could mean that A-beta or molecules like it may one day from the basis of a treatment for multiple sclerosis in people.
In MS, rogue immune cells penetrate the brain and spinal cord and attack myelin, a substance that is necessary to keep neural impulses moving at full speed. Damage and inflammation from this attack can leave a person with paralysis, numbness, vision problems and extreme fatigue.
A-beta is found in the brains of people with MS, but scientists do not know precisely what effect it has there, if any. To investigate that question, study coauthor Lawrence Steinman of Stanford Univers
they will probably congratulate themselves on how long they "kept it going" never able to see that it could have easily managed to keep itself going for far longer if they had just meddled far less drastically and with some semblance of an actual gameplan.
Hearing something has "merit" but we don't have "time" kind of says everything about how Turbine works on things.
everyone but turbine knows that we are sad they are destroying our game
I don't make the game, I just get tested what they build. Sorry you are not happy.
DDO is easy to summarize - the greatest game to suck the most ass.
Turbine - So incompetent that we are skeptical when they report their own incompetence.
Other companies will settle for shitting out garbage, Turdbin actually prefers to. Especially if they can get us to buy it, that just cracks them up.
Breaking something and putting it back together isn't as good as not breaking it to begin with, it's not even close.
Devs do not care what players want - they already have an agenda and give out token gestures so the paladins can feel worthy.
The DDO devs aren't motivated by a positive user experience.
Dear Drew Stubbs,
First, let me take the opportunity to welcome you to the Cleveland Indians. I know you might feel a bit neglected as Cleveland blew up the free agent market and somehow became the talk of the league with Nick Swisher and Michael Bourn. But make no mistake, we're all happy to have you in town.
Tribe fans are a great group (if a little worn down). We love our players and we hope for nothing but the best for you. Don't worry about replacing Shin-Soo Choo, he's a fine player in his own right, but we don't want him, we want you. Just be yourself, baby, we want to watch you shine. The Reds are sure to miss your fleet feet in the outfield before long. I can't wait to see you wreak havoc on the American League Central, it feels like it'll be an interesting year.
But Drew, there's something very important that has come to pass with your arrival in Cleveland, and it's very personal to me. You see, my girlfriend's last name is Stubbs as well. This essentially means you two are connected in my mind. You two are family, even if you've never met and are from different parts of the country altogether. That's just how names work. So when I told her the Tribe had acquired your services, she was ecstatic without knowing anything about you. Though not a baseball fan herself, she's spent enough time around me that osmosis has kicked in where she's looking forward to summertime for days at the park. She even bought me a Drew Stubbs sherzy for Valentine's Day! It's my first piece of non-hat Indians gear I've owned since I was a young boy.
Though she's admittedly sweet as candy, all this presents a problem for a couple of reasons. As I'm sure you know, relationships are nebulous things—you can't really force them, they just happen, and sometimes it's beautiful. Its like fandom in a way. I'm not from Ohio, yet I'm a Cleveland fan on an almost unsettling level. As with my girlfriend, I wouldn't have it any other way. A lot of times fans will have the same kind of relationship with their team that they might with a significant other. It can be fun, stressful, uncomfortable, relaxing—basically the source of a whole host of emotions you never knew existed and didn't know you could feel.
I'm not saying your performance on the field will directly impact my relationship with my girl, because that's crazy. But there's a very real chance it could. After all, baseball fans, even those who delve deep into the abstracted numbers of the game and try to find answers in spreadsheets like some of my compatriots here on Wahoo's on First, are an illogical breed, hoping against hope in even the most dread situations. A five-run home run is impossible, but that doesn't mean I'm not rooting for instant comebacks, even late in the game.
Let's say, for instance, you strike out to kill a rally against the Tigers, and they go on to win and clinch the division. I'll be stomping around muttering about how Stubbs screwed it up, and if she overhears that, she's likely to get upset because I seem to be mad at her. Fights ensue, she throws my PlayStation 3 out the window, and it all falls apart. It's a stretch, I know, but it's irrational, that's the entire idea.
This could go the other way too. If we hit a rocky patch and the very idea of the name Stubbs plummets me into a realm of despair and depression, I might just have to start hating you for a while too. You'd be a glaring reminder of what I'd have lost.I won't have any way to let you know this, but if you happen to be in Chicago at some point this summer and look over to the stands to see a guy wearing your number alternately cursing you out and sobbing uncontrollably, there might be a bit of trouble in paradise. Take heart that at least I'm taking it out on you, and not a sweet girl from Kansas.
Speaking of which, I read you attended the University of Texas. Once this comes out, tension between myself and the woman could be unavoidable—she's from Kansas and is a massive Kansas State fan. Rooting for anything Longhornian is painful to her, it's an affront to her very soul. I bought a Texas shirt for a Halloween costume last year (the idea was Annoying Texan, but it didn't come together because they were charging $25 dollars for a giant foam cowboy hat—ridiculous, I know) and she wouldn't speak to me whenever I wore it. It came in handy from time to time, but if it comes to light that her namesake (or whatever) attended her archrival, I might have a lot more Fridays to myself. Not that that sounds terrible, but company is nice.
I'm not asking you to renounce your devotion to Bevo and Burnt Orange. I'm just worried about a schism forming between my love of the Tribe and my love for my girlfriend. Something's gotta give in that case, and I might have to enact an elaborate plan to get you traded to the Mets for Dan Wheeler. I think you're great, Drew, but some things come first.
Drew, I don't mean any of this to scare you, or put undue pressure on you. Just know that you sit in a strange position, at once being able to crush a blossoming romance, and at the same time a likely scapegoat for my own romantic issues. I encourage you to give it all to the Indians, and be sure you have my undying support. And hey, if you just come out like gangbusters this year and go from awesome outfielder who can club the ball, steal bases and strike out a ton to legitimate superstar and part of the most electrifying outfield since the ‘51 Yankees (their left fielder must have felt a bit put out), well, that will allay my worries. I'm rooting for that one.
Yours, Very Conflicted and Confusedly,
Merritt R. Rohlfing, Esq.
* Indonesia left OPEC in 2008 on becoming net oil importer
* Energy minister to attend June OPEC meeting as an observer
* Return would bring OPEC membership to 13 countries (Adds no comment from OPEC, comment from source, context)
By Wilma Asmarini
JAKARTA, May 7 (Reuters) - Indonesia's energy minister said on Thursday he would seek President Joko Widodo's approval for the country to rejoin OPEC, seven years after leaving the oil exporters' group.
If it returned, Indonesia would be the fourth-smallest producer in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ahead of Libya, Ecuador and Qatar, and bring the number of participants to 13 countries.
Indonesia was the only Asian OPEC member for nearly 50 years before leaving the group in 2008 as oil prices hit a record high, and rising domestic demand and falling production turned it into a net oil importer.
“I will ask the president to consider rejoining as a member of OPEC, so we are close to the market,” Energy Minister Sudirman Said told reporters. “We have been offered (an opportunity) to rejoin.”
OPEC termed Indonesia's departure a “suspension” and Ecuador, which rejoined in 2007, set a precedent for a return from suspension. An OPEC source said the door was always open.
“If a country fulfils the criteria for membership, of course there is the possibility to join the organization,” the source said.
OPEC's statute stipulates, however, that any “country with a substantial net export of crude petroleum, which has fundamentally similar interests to those of Member Countries, may become a Full Member of the Organization, if accepted by a majority of three-fourths of Full Members, including the concurring votes of all Founder Members.”
The group allows for associate members, which don't qualify for full membership “but are nevertheless admitted under such special conditions as may be prescribed.”
The minister said he will attend OPEC's meeting on June 5 as an observer. Non-members have been observers at OPEC gatherings in the past.
“Membership has levels. At the beginning we can be an observer, but later, if we are given the possibility to be a full member, that is good,” the minister said.
“We are still exporting gas, though only a little bit, so it's not a problem (to be an OPEC member again).”
OPEC headquarters in Vienna declined to comment on the minister's remarks.
Indonesia's 2015 oil output target is 825,000 barrels per day, about half of its early 1990s production peak. While still exporting some crude, Indonesia's refined products imports make it a net importer.
The minister also said Indonesia would soon be sending a government delegation to Kuwait, Azerbaijan, Iraq, Russia and other oil-producing countries for possible supply deals. (Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore and Alex Lawler in London; Writing by Randy Fabi; Editing by Tom Hogue/Ruth Pitchford)
12967 SHARES Facebook Twitter Reddit Stumbleupon Pinterest
If you attended Trump University, odds are that you are not a big supporter of his presidential run. The now defunct Trump University was opened in 2005 with the promise to teach students real estate investing techniques. So through expensive courses, students could be just like him. Sounds like fun right?
According to Lab ProLib, in August of 2013, Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman filed a lawsuit against Trump worth $40-million. They go on to report:
“The lawsuit seeks full restitution for the more than 5,000 consumers nationwide who were defrauded of over $40 million in the scheme, disgorgement of profits, as well as costs and penalties and injunctive relief prohibiting these types of illegal practices going forward.”
They also report that:
“Instead of providing all of the promised services, instructors used the three-day seminars to pitch consumers expensive Trump Elite mentorship programs costing $10,000 to $35,000. Trump University promised that the mentorships provided one-on-one training during which students would have personal assistance until they executed their first real estate deal and recouped the cost of the program.”
Adding insult to financial injury, the Trump University students were promised a visit with Trump himself. Instead, many just got a picture taken with a cardboard cutout of Trump.
In another report in 2014:
“A Manhattan state Supreme Court judge found Donald Trump personally liable for knowingly running his now-defunct Trump University without a license.”
Digging even further into the dealings of Trump University, the San Diego Union Tribune reported — just over a month ago — on two class-action lawsuits that have been going through the San Diego federal court for the last five years. To these lawsuits they report:
“One lawsuit was filed in 2010 by a handful of students who paid as much as $35,000 each to attend Trump University, which they claim was a sham “full of empty promises” and not as advertised.”
They also report that:
“A source with knowledge of the case said Trump was deposed last week.”
The second lawsuit consists of only one student and was filed in 2013. One has to wonder why this is not a bigger issue on the campaign trail. With all of the tension between Trump and Megan Kelly, maybe that's why he is weary of facing her again. She might just have a few unexpected questions about his “University.”
Lastly, this is the man that wants to run the dealings of the country. How can we trust a man who can't even run his own Trump University legally or ethically? While the other Republican presidential hopefuls are no prize either, Trump truly shows the pathetic arrogance – and above the law attitude – that many around the world despise us for.
This scam is finally catching up with Trump though. The case is being scheduled for trial and I'm sure his lawyers are scrambling to delay it.
Art Phillips had it all – tall, storybook handsome and, by the time he hit 35, gloriously rich. Yet something gnawed at the brilliant investment manager. He didn't like what was happening around him. Vancouver, he thought, that beautiful community by the sea where he'd grown up and made his fortune, was losing its attraction as a place to live.
And so, rather than spending his days increasing and enjoying his millions, hanging out with the wealthy tennis and golf club set, Art Phillips rolled up his silk sleeves and plunged into the mire of Vancouver civic politics.
His decision led eventually to four eventful years as mayor in the mid-1970s that were pivotal in changing the face of Canada's third largest city, just when it seemed to be headed for pell-mell, American-style development that was ruining so many cities south of the border.
Story continues below advertisement
Aided by an exceptionally skilled group of similar-minded civic reformers who gathered around him, Art Phillips said no to freeways, no to dark, lofty office towers and no to closed doors and powerful bureaucrats running city hall like a fief, with elected councillors functioning as little more than rubber stamps and the public treated with indifference.
At the same time, he said yes to green space, yes to citizen participation and better neighbourhoods, yes to heritage, yes to some of the most innovative housing projects in North America, and above all, yes to livabilty.
"It was all about doing things differently," said Mr. Phillips, in a 2005 interview. "It was about bringing people in, not throwing them out, and making the city a place to enjoy, where people wanted to live."
Art Phillips was Vancouver's first modern mayor, and, though serving only two terms, he is still considered one of its best.
When he died March 29 at 82, not only had Mr. Phillips lived a remarkably charmed and successful life, including many years as a pioneering investment manager, with a long, happy marriage to glamorous ex-TV host and former B.C. finance minister Carole Taylor, but he could see evidence of the difference he made to his beloved city, wherever he went on his regular urban walks.
The densely populated West End is full of trees and traffic calmers, the entrance to Stanley Park is parklandand not the hotel that had been planned, there are new seawalls, urban pocket parks, and tens of thousands of people living downtown, not to mention the bold False Creek housing development on previously grim industrial land.
"Is Vancouver today the same city that he left as mayor in 1976? No, it's not," said former premier Gordon Campell, who served as Mr. Phillip's young executive assistant and later a three-term mayor himself. "But the city he started during his four years is certainly the foundation on which the city we see today is built."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Like Mr. Campbell, urban affairs analyst Gordon Price of Simon Fraser University considers Mr. Phillips tops among city mayors.
"He established institutions and ways of doing things that no one's ever altered. All succeeding mayors have built on what Art did," said Mr. Price. "It was a brilliant moment in time."
Arthur Phillips was born in 1930, in Montreal, to a wealthy retired engineer and his younger, French-born wife. The couple soon moved to Vancouver, where they settled on the city's affluent west side.
A good athlete, Mr. Phillips attended Lord Byng high school and the University of British Columbia. He was a star basketball player at both institutions, forever termed "the lanky pivot" by hackneyed sports writers for Ubyssey, the student newspaper.
He also got the investment bug early, fuelled by a deep love of crushing opponents in Monopoly.
"He was very aggressive," recalled lifelong friend Michael Ryan. He noted that Mr. Phillips's prowess at the popular property board game also signalled his future as mayor. "It was if he already wanted to run his own city."
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Phillips was still a third-year commerce student when he made his first investment, teaming up with Mr. Ryan to buy a stagnant, penny-stock mining firm. "We held it for nearly seven years, and it did very well," said Mr. Ryan.
Shortly after graduating in 1953, Mr. Phillips married his university sweetheart, Patti Burley. His father-in-law, Norman Burley, helped launch the career of legendary country singer Loretta Lynn. Her first hit, I'm a Honky Tonk Girl, was produced by Vancouver-based Zero Records, financed mostly by Mr. Burley. Mr. Phillips tossed in a bit of cash, too.
Art and Patti Phillips had five children, but after 20 years, their marriage foundered. They separated, then divorced. The upshot was his long, rock-solid love match with Ms. Taylor, who first met him while on assignment with CTV's W5.
Mr. Phillips did not take long to make waves in the investment world. While still in his mid-20s, he started the All-Canadian Fund, which regularly reported the best investment return of any such mutual fund in Canada. He subsequently sold it to Power Corp. "That's when Art became a millionaire," said Mr. Ryan.
In 1964, Mr. Phillips founded the investment management firm, Phillips, Hager & North, with partners Bob Hager and Rudy North. Given the dearth of publicly listed corporations based in Vancouver, and the centralization of almost all financial doings in the East, odds were long against its success.
Over time, however, PH&N became Canada's largest firm of its kind. Royal Bank of Canada bought the company in 2008 for a princely $1.4-billion.
Story continues below advertisement
"I believe that Art was one of North America's great investors," said John Montalbano, CEO of RBC Global Asset Management, who shared an office with Mr. Phillips for 10 years at PH&N.
"He had incredible intellectual curiosity, matched by an unbelievable intellect.… During his tenure at the firm, his investment track record was second to none in North America."
Mr. Montalbano recalled one particularly shrewd move by Mr. Phillips at the height of the so-called savings and loan crisis in 1991. When both Time and Business Week had simultaneous cover stories on the imminent demise of the U.S. financial system, Mr. Phillips was convinced that the long bear market had run its course.
The firm began investing heavily in financial services stocks. Mr. Phillips also borrowed a large chunk of money from his own banker to invest. "That's conviction," Mr. Montalbano said. "That portfolio went on to outperform market benchmarks and our peers for years to come."
Given his wealth, business achievements and lifestyle, few foresaw Mr. Phillips' plunge into politics.
"When I first met him, he was already successful, driving a Lincoln Continental, and 38 years old," said Gordon Campbell. "He was cool, man."
Story continues below advertisement
Even today, those close to him remain a bit mystified by what motivated him to try to change Vancouver's long-standing dominance by a peculiar, old-fashioned, conservative municipal party known as the Non-Partisan Association (NPA) that had ruled the city for nearly 40 years.
But Ms. Taylor said her husband was driven to fix things he thought were broken. "He felt Vancouver was at a crucial turning point, headed in the wrong direction. Art could see what had to be done to create the future."
With the 1960s in full flower, Mr. Phillips was at the centre of a growing municipal-reform movement, galvanized by huge public pushback against a planned freeway through Chinatown. It soon evolved into The Electors' Action Movement (TEAM), with Mr. Phillips as president.
He also formed a dynamic partnership with urban activist Walter Hardwick, a geography professor at the University of B.C. and widely recognized as TEAM's intellectual guru. Both were elected to city council in 1968.
In 1972, the NPA's slate fell apart, and Mr. Phillips, 42, breezed to victory as mayor. Eight TEAM councillors were elected with him. They had their public mandate for change. Mr. Phillips quickly fired the city's imperious commissioner, Gerald Sutton Brown, and set to work.
Similar to the sweeping changes brought in by just-elected NDP premier Dave Barrett, Mr. Phillips and TEAM launched reform in all directions. Barely a single aspect of city government and planning remained untouched. "Progress can't be measured in the heights of buildings or in the amount of pavement," Mr. Phillips declared in his inaugural address.
Story continues below advertisement
But perhaps the new administration's most significant legacy was an initiative that was the mayor's alone. For years, the city had sold off property it owned and used the proceeds to keep taxes low. That was wrong, Mr. Phillips said. Several years ahead of Alberta's famous Heritage Fund, he established a property endowment fund, where all revenue from the city's extensive holdings would be deposited, invested and used, when needed, for the benefit of the city.
The fund's value today is more than $2-billion. "Per capita, that's a lot more than Alberta's squandered fund," said former mayor and ex-premier Mike Harcourt, then a TEAM councillor.
During Mr. Phillips' two terms, the list of accomplishments included an end to the city's prevailing secrecy, holding public hearings at night so working people could attend, killing off all freeway plans, saving the storied Orpheum Theatre, improving accommodation in the benighted Downtown Eastside, the introduction of mixed-income housing, and altered zoning to allow apartment living downtown. Mr. Phillips was big on that.
"Instead of being dead at night, we wanted the downtown core to be more European, a place to live and enjoy," he said, in his 2005 interview. "The changes we made then are taken for granted today."
The startling decision to convert the industrial, waterside flats of False Creek just west of downtown into mixed housing was also a landmark.
When initial sales were slow, as people hesitated to embrace an area so recently a wasteland, Mr. Phillips made a well-publicized move into a high-end unit there, where he and Ms. Taylor lived for many years. After that, people flocked to buy.
"Art had a certainty about his ideas regarding livability, and he was right," said Ms. Taylor, adding the couple was married in their False Creek living room. "We loved it there." Over time, the site has evolved into one of the city's residential jewels.
Mr. Phillips was not without a puckish sense of humour. Once, in answer to a teacher's complaint about poor English, he compiled a response that contained a grammatical error in every sentence. Another time, after Mr. Phillips said he wouldn't seek a third term, he casually announced that he had changed his mind. Radio reporters rushed to file the story, forgetting it was April 1.
After four years, Mr. Phillips walked away from the job, believing he had accomplished all he had set out to do.
A few years later, he tried his hand at federal politics, running for the Liberals, but without much luck. He won in 1979, but lost nine months after that, when the fall of the Joe Clark government forced another election.
Thereafter, Mr. Phillips was content to be out of the limelight, concentrating on his duties at PH&N, and relishing the career of Ms. Taylor. He took an active role raising Chris, Ms. Taylor's son from her first marriage, and their own child, Samantha. In fact, Mr. Phillips was so dutiful, making Samantha peanut butter sandwiches and taking her to and from day care every day, that her day care named him Mother of the Year.
Mr. Phillips was showered with civic awards in recent years. But the one that touched him most involved a lovely, downtown space he personally intervened to preserve among the corporate towers. Thick with cherry trees now in bloom, the open area has been named Art Phillips Park.
Art Phillips leaves Ms. Taylor, children Sue, Norm, David, Lisa, Chris Taylor and Samantha, many grandchildren and one great grandchild.
A celebration of his life will be held Friday at the Fairmont Hotel in Vancouver.
Melbourne Victory 10th Anniversary Kit
Melbourne Victory yesterday released the new Melbourne Victory 10th Anniversary Shirt, which is made by Adidas and featuresas main sponsor. Also check out the current Melbourne Victory 2013-2014 Shirts by Adidas. The Melbourne Victory 10th Anniversary Home Kit will be worn exclusively in next Friday's A-League match against Adelaide United.This is the new Melbourne Victory Anniversary Shirt, by Adidas.The Melbourne Victory 10th Anniversary Kit celebrates 10 years of the club, which was founded in 2005. All 100 players to have pulled on the Melbourne Victory Shirt in official A-League matches have their names placed on the lower front of the shirt.The classical Melbourne Victory chevron front kit design has a gradient design made of smaller diamonds. The base template of the New Melbourne Victory Shirt is the same as their regular season kit, including the classical, white collar and white insets on both sides.A special Melbourne Victory 10th Anniversary crest is placed on the left chest, while the league logo is positioned on the opposite side.The new Adidas Melbourne Victory 10th Anniversary Jersey will be available to buy at the stadium on game day and at the Melbourne Victory Family Day on November 29.
Bozell states that Cruz is the one candidate who will return the United States to “her Constitutional foundations and Judeo-Christian values,” explaining:
On every issue of crucial importance to conservatives—defunding Planned Parenthood, ending the Obamacare nightmare, reducing the size of government, opposing amnesty—Cruz is not only with conservatives, he's led the fight for conservatives.
To be honest, if these were the only issues under discussion in this GOP presidential primary season I would hardly be able to make myself pay attention. It's not that they are unimportant issues. Personally, I support every one of them. But they are not existential issues. They are not the issues on which the very future of the Republic hangs. They are issues that a responsible Republican House and Senate, if they were loyal to their oath and to their constituents, could today begin to rectify all by themselves.
If they did — or if, say, a President Cruz were to ensure that Planned Parenthood was defunded, Obamacare ended, government trimmed, and amnesty once again staved off for another election cycle — we would all rejoice. However, the Constitution, the Republic, would be no more secure. On the contrary, they would still teeter on the edge of extinction, lost in a demographic, political, and cultural transformation that our fathers, founding and otherwise, would find inconceivable — and particularly if they ever found out that the crisis took hold when We the People lost our nerve even to talk about immigration and Islam.
It is in this danger zone of lost nerve and the vanishing nation-state where the extraordinary presidential candidacy of Donald Trump began. Like the nation-state itself, it started with the concept of a border, when Donald Trump told us he wanted to build a wall. Circa 21st-century-America, that took a lot of nerve.
After all, Americans don't have walls. We don't even have a border. We have “border surges,” and “unaccompanied alien minors.” We have “sanctuary cities,” and a continuous government raid on our own pocketbooks to pay for what amounts to our own invasion. That's not even counting the attendant pathologies, burdens, and immeasurable cultural dislocation that comes about when “no one speaks English anymore.” A wall, the man says?
The enthusiasm real people (as opposed to media and #GOPSmartSet) have shown for Trump and his paradigm-shattering wall is something new and exciting on the political scene. So is the “yuge” sigh of relief. Someone sees the nation bleeding out and wants to stanch the flow. Yes, we can (build a wall). From that day forward, it has been Trump, dominating the GOP primary process and setting all of the potentially restorative points of the agenda, compelling the other candidates to address them, and the MSM, too. Blasting through hard, dense layers of “political correctness” with plain talk that shocks, Trump has set in motion very rusty wheels of reality-based thinking, beginning a long-overdue honest-to-goodness public debate about the future of America — or, better, whether there will be a future for America. That debate starts at the border, too.
A well-defended border is an obvious requisite for any nation-state. It bears noting, however, that before Donald Trump, not one commander in chief, and (aside from former Rep. Tom Tancredo, R-CO), not one figure of national fame and repute I can think of had ever put it to the people of this land that a wall was a way to stop our border crisis: the unceasing flow into the nation of illegal masses of mainly Spanish-speaking aliens, among them terrorists, criminals (yes, including rapists and murderers) and transnational gangs. On the contrary, crime and chaos at the U.S. non-border are what every branch and bureaucracy of our government expect We, the People to accept as normal — and pay for as good citizens.
But good citizens of what — the world?
For many decades, the unspoken answer to this inconceivable question (inconceivable, that is, before Trump) has been yes. “We Are the World” has been the USA's unofficial anthem, the political muzak of our times that we either hum along to, or accept in teeth-gritted silence for fear of censure (or cancelled party invitations). “Openness,” “multiculturalism,” “globalism” — all have been pounded into us for so long that I think Americans despaired of ever hearing anyone give voice again to a patriotic vision of American interests. Then Trump came along and changed the tune. Americans perked up their ears. Maybe a wall — which is just the beginning of Trump's detailed immigration policy, which Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) calls “exactly the plan America needs” — would make America possible again. That would be great, indeed.
Does Trump see it all this way, or is he going on “feel”? I don't claim to know, although by this time in the political season, I think I am beginning to get a sense of Trump. When it comes to what is important, beginning with immigration, Trump's instincts are as formidable as his courage. Notwithstanding Cruz and his consistent conservatism (in which Bozell places great stock), immigration wouldn't even be a campaign issue without Donald Trump. In my opinion, the Trump plan is absoutely essential to any possible return, as Bozell puts it, to America's constitutional foundations and Judeo-Christian principles. I actually think of it as our last shot.
In the meantime, Trump continues to catapult issues, one after another, into the heart of the multicultural/universalist narrative that long ago marginalized the very idea of American interests. His judiciously sensible, also unprecedented, call for a moratorium on Muslim immigration following the San Bernardino jihad attacks is a perfect example. Citing polling commissioned by the Center for Security Policy that reveals shockingly high support among Muslims in America for 1) violent jihad in America — 25 percent believe it is justified, and 2) sharia law in America — 51 percent believe they should have the choice of being governed here by Islamic law (sharia), Trump called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States “until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.”
As Trump makes clear, our country's representatives have no clue. Worse, they seem content to remain in ignorance no matter how many Americans die, no matter how far sharia spreads. Not Trump. When you think about it, his call for a Muslim immigration moratorium is really a no-brainer — but whose “politically correct” brain is capable even of thinking of it, let alone calling for it out loud? I regret to say that Sen. Cruz does not support Trump's moratorium, deferring instead to a rosier vision of Islam and immigration screening both in order, politely, to reject it.
That's too bad, but so it goes, further testament to the fearless, agenda-setting powers of Trump. It's really quite incredible: soon, maybe even before it's too late, GOP primary voters will have a clear choice on walls, borders, immigration, even Islamic immigration (and, I would hope, the related issue of Islamic law), all because Donald Trump plucked these crucial issues from the void where the politicians, including good conservatives, have been eager to leave them.
Go Trump!
By the time Destiny 2 launches in September, it will have been three years since the debut of the original Destiny. While Bungie and Activision are surely hoping the sequel will bring in a lot of new people, longtime Destiny players have been clamoring for Destiny 2 to recognize their achievements — and the fact that those folks have been there from the start, man.
Bungie is keeping some of its cards close to the vest in this area, both to preserve a sense of discovery for Destiny players entering Destiny 2 and to ensure they can enjoy subtle “you had to be there” nods to Destiny's legacy, the studio said today in a blog post. But since a few of the acknowledgments are tied to feats that players can still accomplish in Destiny — for now, anyway — Bungie did reveal some details on how it will pay tribute to its most dedicated fans.
Yup, you guessed it: emblems.
Destiny 2 will memorialize players' achievements in Destiny with at least seven emblems. Four of them are impossible to get now if you haven't already obtained them, since they correspond to accomplishments from the game's first two years of life (September 2014 to September 2016). But you've still got a few weeks for the other three.
Laurel Triumphant: You completed a Moment of Triumph during Destiny's first year.
You completed a Moment of Triumph during Destiny's first year. Laurea Prima II: You completed all 10 Moments of Triumph during Destiny's first year.
You completed all 10 Moments of Triumph during Destiny's first year. Slayer of Oryx: You owned The Taken King and completed a Moment of Triumph during Destiny's second year.
You owned The Taken King and completed a Moment of Triumph during Destiny's second year. Heard the Call: You owned The Taken King and completed all 8 Moments of Triumph during Destiny's second year.
You owned The Taken King and completed all 8 Moments of Triumph during Destiny's second year. Young Wolf: You owned Rise of Iron and reached Rank 2 in the Age of Triumph record book.
You owned Rise of Iron and reached Rank 2 in the Age of Triumph record book. Saladin's Pride: You owned Rise of Iron and reached Rank 7 in the Age of Triumph record book.
You owned Rise of Iron and reached Rank 7 in the Age of Triumph record book. Lore Scholar: Your achieved a Grimoire score of over 5,000 in Destiny 1.
Remember how we said “a few weeks” above? While Destiny 2 doesn't arrive until Sept. 6 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Bungie needs time to prepare to launch the game. To that end, the studio will lock Destiny character data associated with these feats on Aug. 1. (You'll still be able to play the game beyond then, of course, but if you haven't earned these emblems by that date, you'll have lost your chance.)
For those looking to fill out their Age of Triumph record book, Bungie laid out the pre-August dates for a number of relevant activities. Reaching Rank 7 isn't just tied to the Saladin's Pride emblem — it also comes with a deal for a unique Age of Triumph T-shirt at the Bungie Store. That offer also expires Aug. 1. You can check out the list of dates, as well as screenshots of the emblems, in Bungie's blog post.
As for the Crucible, Bungie gave two more important dates: the start dates for the final Iron Banner (Aug. 1) and Trials of Osiris (Aug. 11) events in Destiny. “Our two competitive end game experiences will be going into hibernation before reemerging to spread their beautiful wings in unexpected ways in Destiny 2,” said Bungie.
And in case you play Destiny on Xbox, you might be interested to know that all of the game's remaining PlayStation-exclusive content will cross over sometime in October. Items from Destiny: The Taken King will make their way to Xbox 360 and Xbox One, while stuff from Destiny: Rise of Iron will only jump to Xbox One. Bungie said it will announce a specific date later.
For more on Destiny 2, check out our hands-on impressions of the Windows PC version. A beta for the game will be available in July on consoles, and in late August on PC.
The U.S. Supreme Court this morning handed down a 5-4 ruling in the consolidated cases Arizona Free Enterprise Club's Freedom Club PAC v. Bennett and McComish v. Bennett, striking down Arizona's speech-squelching “Clean Elections” law. The majority opinion, written by Chief Justice Roberts, concluded:
Arizona's program gives money to a candidate in direct response to the campaign speech of an opposing candidate or an independent group. It does this when the opposing candidate has chosen not to accept public financing, and has engaged in political speech above a level set by the State. The professed purpose of the state law is to cause a sufficient number of candidates to sign up for public financing, which subjects them to the various restrictions on speech that go along with that program. This goes too far; Arizona's matching funds provision substantially burdens the speech of privately financed candidates and independent expenditure groups without serving a compelling state interest.
The Court also strongly rejected the idea that laws like Arizona's could permissibly be used to “level the electoral playing field”:
“Leveling the playing field” can sound like a good thing. But in a democracy, campaigning for office is not a game. It is a critically important form of speech. The First Amendment embodies our choice as a Nation that, when it comes to such speech, the guiding principle is freedom—the “unfettered interchange of ideas”—not whatever the State may view as fair.
The full opinion is available here.
Here's a brief, three-minute video explaining how Arizona's so-called “Clean Elections” law burdened free speech:
This is IJ's fifth case before the Supreme Court and our fourth victory. IJ's only loss before the Court came in Kelo v. City of New London, the infamous 2005 ruling that sparked a nationwide backlash resulting in 43 states enacting legislation to curtail eminent domain abuse.
The Institute for Justice is joined in this victory by the Goldwater Institute, which represented plaintiffs in the consolidated case McComish v. Bennett. Goldwater's statements on today's victory is available here.
We will continue updating this post throughout the day with links to early coverage of the Court's ruling.
UPDATE:
Additional coverage of Monday's decision:
ABA Journal
ABC News
Arizona Daily Star
Associated Press
Balkinization (Heather K. Gerken)
Ballot Access News
Bloomberg
Brennan Center for Justice
Campaign Finance Institute
Cato @ Liberty
Center for Competitive Politics
CNN
Common Cause & Public Campaign
Connecticut Mirror
Democracy 21
Demos
Heritage Foundation's Foundry Blog
The Hill
Justice at Stake
Los Angeles Times
National Journal
New York Times
New York Times: Room for Debate Blog
NPR
Paul Clement (in Slate)
People for the American Way
Phoenix New Times
Politico
Portland Press Herald
Reason: Hit & Run
Reuters
Rick Hasen (in The New Republic)
Stephen Hoersting (in National Review)
TPMMuckraker
Tuscon Weekly
UPI
USA Today
Wall Street Journal
Washington Examiner
Symbions have multiple life stages. The most recognizable and frequently found of these stages is the "feeder" stage, so called because it is the only stage in the symbion life cycle with a complete and functional digestive system. Approximately 0.3 mm in length, these organisms have a U-shaped digestive system, starting with a cilia-lined opening, leading to a funnel-like mouth, leading to the anus, which is found just underneath the mouth. The digestive system is broken down and reconstructed multiple times throughout the feeder stage, regrown from a posterior bud inside the animal. The body is filled with connective tissue instead of fluid, and it ends in an adhesive disk, used to connect the symbion to the lobster's seta. It is presumed that respiration occurs through diffusion through their body, as they don't appear to have specific breathing organs.
While it could be argued that symbions cannot possibly get any more unusual, many would retort that the most unexpected aspect of these organisms is their complex life cycle and reproductive behaviour. Symbions undergo many stages of life in their currently unknown lifespans.
Referencing the gallery figure, symbions begin life as a chordoid larva that emerges from the body of its dying mother (1). Mature female symbions only give birth to a single larva in their lifetime through sexual reproduction. The free-swimming larva travels away from the mother to find a new host (2) – depending on the species of symbion, this host can be one of three species of lobster; the common lobster (Homarus gammarus), American lobster (Homarus americanus), or the Norwegian lobster (Nephrops norvegicus).
Once they have found a suitable host, the larva settles on a seta and becomes a feeder, also known as the pandora stage of the symbion (3). These feeders collect food particles produced from the feeding of their hosts. Crustaceans are messy eaters, as they break food apart outside their mouthparts instead of inside them. The loose particles are collected with the tentacle-like cilia, which move food through the digestive system. The pandora symbions can reproduce in one of two ways: asexually or sexually. Typically they reproduce asexually, with new pandora forms emerging from buds within their body cavity (4).
Eventually, the population of asexual feeders will become too dense to be self-sustainable on the setae. When this happens, the asexual feeders will stop reproducing more feeders. Instead, their buds will produce two dioecious (different reproductive organ-possessing) types of symbion: a sexually mature female (5) and a primary male, known as the prometheus stage (6). These are produced one at a time, and are "born" in the same way that the pandora symbions are born.
The primary male is born with 1-3 secondary males – also called dwarf males – developing inside its body cavity, and resembles a choroid larva more than a feeder. Free swimming, the primary male lands on a feeder of a different seta that has a mature female developing in its body cavity. Upon finding one, the primary male dies, with the secondary males emerging fully matured and ready to reproduce (7). The exact nature of how symbions reproduce is still not entirely understood, but the male impregnates the mature female within the feeder's body, so that when the mature female emerges from the feeder, it is already prepared to spawn its first and only larva.
The mature female moves away from the feeder, settling closer to the mouth of the lobster host. Eventually, a cyst-like structure will form from the female's body, the chordoid larva will emerge, and the circle of life will continue.
Much is still left to be discovered about the nature of these organisms. For example, it is unknown why they are so host specific, or what their closest living relatives are. It is unknown why their digestive system is replaced throughout the feeder stage. It is also unknown why their life cycles are so complex, given their relatively simple behaviors and diets. What is known for certain is that symbions are a perfect example of the strangeness and diversity that is present in nature, as well as how it can be found in some of the most unexpected of places.
References
Brusca, Richard C, Invertebrates (3rd edition)
Kristensen, Reinhardt Møbjerg, An Introduction to Loricifera, Cycliophora, and Micrognathozoa
Obst, Matthias; Funch, Peter; Kristensen, Reinhardt Møbjerg; A new species of Cycliophora from the mouthparts of the American lobster, Homarus americanus (Nephropidae, Decapoda)
Piper, Ross, Animal Earth
Signs along the parade route during President Trump's inauguration in Washington, January 20, 2017. (Reuters photo: Jonathan Ernst)
A celebration of Charles Blow, the first pundit ever to compare the two figures.
I heard something unusual when I logged on to the New York Times this morning. It seemed to me a dire, authoritative, even apocalyptic sound. It was as if a gigantic clap of thunder had been produced by an immense boot of truth.
Allow me to explain. On my screen appeared a think piece comparing Adolf Hitler with Donald Trump. “Trump Isn't Hitler. But the Lying . . . ,” by op-ed columnist Charles Blow, advances a breathtaking claim that has never, to my knowledge, appeared in any media outlet before: That though Trump isn't Hitler, he's actually pretty close, when you really think about it.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
I was gobsmacked. My mind reeled. I can't emphasize enough how fresh, how novel, how utterly without precedent this Hitler-Trump comparison is. Blow further clarifies that the first three words of the title of his column are something of a ruse, because in fact Trump is Hitler in important respects. Furthermore, to drop this knowledge on the public was to Blow a duty of such moment that it drove him to carry out a godlike act of slamming his truth-boot down through the firmament upon our benighted planet. If, Blow says, some might be shy about comparing Trump to Hitler, “I have neither time nor patience for such tiptoeing. I prefer the boot of truth to slam down to earth like thunder, no matter the shock of hearing its clap.”
Advertisement
I know I'm not the first to say this, but thank you, Charles Blow, and thank you to whatever celestial cobbler made your extraterrestrial boot of truth. Other, humbler writers may offer us, say, a sneaker of accuracy or a moccasin of factualness. Only you could deliver unto us the insight that Trump is the new Hitler with a truth-boot so colossal that it can “slam down to earth like thunder.”
Advertisement
As far as I'm concerned, what Blow has accomplished is not unlike the discovery of penicillin, or the theory of relativity. It is certainly, as he says, completely unheard-of — a “shock,” as he puts it — to hear someone compare Trump to Hitler. The intellectual history of our age must henceforth be divided into the period before and after Blow built the conceptual framework connecting Hitler to Trump for the very first time.
The more I thought about Blow's breakthrough discovery of a through-line between Hitler and Trump, the more frustrated I became. Why has no one ever before warned us that our president is comparable to history's greatest monster? Shouldn't the alarm bell have been sounded long ago? Why did it take until October 19, 2017, for someone in the media to call out the similarities? Is it not a staggering dereliction of duty on the part of our academics, public intellectuals, and sages that so many days went by without a single one of them notifying us that Trump is much like Hitler?
Advertisement
I longed to know more, but as I don't possess a righteous boot of truth to pull on over my foot of inquiry I decided meekly to look up the facts. With the aid of National Review's data lab, I found a trove of statistics about Hitler and Trump. Here are some of them.
HITLER: Murdered 11 million according to one analysis.
TRUMP: Has murdered no one thus far.
HITLER: Invaded the sovereign states of Austria, Belgium, Czechoslovakia, Free State of Danzig, Denmark, France, Guernsey, Hungary, Italy, Jersey, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, San Marino, the Soviet Union, and Yugoslavia.
TRUMP: Has invaded no sovereign states.
HITLER: Started a world war that killed more than 5 million in his armed forces alone, plus many millions more in other countries.
TRUMP: Has started no world wars.
At this point in my research I was dejected. Trump didn't appear much like Hitler at all. But things got better when I spent some time on PolitiFact, Snopes, and the site with the Pinocchios and learned that when people like Blow make claims that initially appear unconvincing, it's important to pull back and add more context until, at worst, people like Blow can be described as half-correct. So let's do that.
Advertisement
HITLER: Wanted to make Germany great again.
TRUMP: Wants to make America great again.
HITLER: Wore funny little mustache.
TRUMP: Wears funny little hat.
HITLER: Shunned alcohol.
TRUMP: Shuns alcohol.
HITLER: Time magazine Man of the Year, 1938.
TRUMP: Time magazine Person of the Year, 2016.
HITLER: Fascist.
TRUMP: Republican.
HITLER: Lied about Jews being the source of Germany's misery.
TRUMP: Lied about ratings for The Apprentice, his Electoral College victory being the biggest since Reagan's, and whether anyone else had been on the cover of Time more than he.
Advertisement
HITLER: Seized control of most media outlets including newspapers, radio, and newsreels.
TRUMP: Sent out many tweets.
These parallels are chilling enough. Trump isn't Hitler, but . . . close enough. Congratulations to Blow's mighty boot of truth and the thunderclap it made. Now I call upon the rest of the media to pick up where he began. Who will be the next to expound upon the manifold parallels between Trump and Hitler? Anyone who does so should, of course, credit Charles Blow for so courageously originating the theory.
Advertisement
READ MORE:
What Is the Alternative to Trump Derangement Syndrome?
Trump's Best Asset May Be His Unhinged Opponents
Trump Derangement Syndrome, as Seen on TV
— Kyle Smith is National Review's critic-at-large.
Part-crime scene investigation, part-RPG, Call of Cthulhu is primarily concerned with detailing and emulating the writings of H.P Lovecraft upon which it is based. Over the course of our most recent showing of the game - a 20 minute guided demo - we were presented with eyeless monsters, paintings acting as doorways to alternative dimensions, murder scenes in which children seem to have been the victims and a decrepit mansion that wouldn't feel out of place in Resident Evil or a Dracula movie.
The inspiration for the game's rules and workings comes from the official board game of the same name, a pen-and-paper RPG in the Dungeons and Dragons ilk, first released in 1981. As a result, this is a game that prioritises reading and listening for clues just as much as it wants you to act upon them.
As detective Edward Pierce you're sent on a job to find out the truth behind the death of a world famous artist and her family, the whole group of which resided on the isolated island that makes up Call of Cthulhu's setting. It's a windy, rocky place that seems to be cloaked in constant night. Lanterns barely cut through the darkness, with crows and ravens creating silhouettes against the sky, creating the sense that you're always being watched. Visually, it has a trademark Lovecraftian identity splashed all over it.
Perhaps the most interesting of Cthulhu's design directions is the questioning of Pierce's sanity. As the story progress and he begins to delve deeper into the mystery behind the unexplained deaths, he, and the player, are forced to question whether or not what he sees is actually representative of reality.
Developer Cyanide, most famous for Blood Bowl and Styx: Master of Shadows, is keen to point out at every opportunity that insanity in Cthulhu isn't about whether or not you're losing your mind, it's about whether what your eyes are communicating to your mind is real or not. How well the sense of not knowing if what you're seeing is actual reality or not, and combining this with making sure the player feels as though they're able to impact proceedings, will go a long way to determining Cthulhu's quality and impact.
Sanity plays a part in the moment-to-moment gameplay, too. One scene sees Pierce hiding from a monster, his comparatively feeble physical standing giving him no chance of survival in a direct encounter. Stealth is his best tool here, as it is in every other encounter, but the matter of hiding is complicated by a sanity meter that decreases when he's in the presence of monsters that he doesn't believe should be part of his reality.
The longer you spend close to a monster, even when hidden, the further your sanity meter is going to deplete. If it exhausts itself entirely you're hit with the game over screen.
Over the course of the story Pierce develops phobias for certain situations and things, the example demonstrated to us being claustrophobia. This makes hiding even more perilous as it further limits the number of safe spaces; those closets that were once a haven now being just as maddening as the monsters roaming between them. The system is somewhat similar to that used in Frictional Games' Amnesia: A Dark Descent, which was itself inspired, in part, by the writing of H.P. Lovecraft.
Being a Leicester City fan has rarely been great. The Foxes, my local team as a boy, probably my family's team since the club was founded in 1890, have never won the football league or the FA Cup and rarely threatened to stay in the top tier of English football for long. Leicester is the archetypal yo-yo club, too big for the lower divisions, too small to keep pace with the big boys of London and Manchester for long. Its fate is therefore to oscillate endlessly between glory, often defined as a nail-biting survival act, and the defeats that send it crashing back down for another spell of lower-league tedium and obscurity.
The club has been relegated seven times in my lifetime. Its combined total of 22 promotions or relegations is the fourth highest of any English club. No wonder Leicester folk, like all Midlanders, are a phlegmatic breed. “Ow's City? Going down are we?” is one of their standard greetings, often answered in the affirmative. The football club is not glamorous. Neither is Leicester. Once well-heeled—its hosiery industry paid for a fine Victorian centre and, in a last gasp for factory labour, drew thousands of Gujaratis from East Africa in the 1960s and 1970s— the place is now deindustrialised and in many parts moribund.
The sock factories on Frog Island have been moth-balled. In their place are a couple of decent universities, a lot of small traders and, belatedly, some technology start-ups, often founded by members of the large, thriving Asian diaspora that the factories left behind. Leicester is Britain's first city with a non-White majority. It is its most singular fact; Diwali is celebrated in Leicester as prominently, and colourfully, as Christmas. At election-time it can also feel weirdly Indian. Ahead of last year's general election, Abhishek Bachchan visited the city to campaign for a local MP, Keith Vaz. But Leicester's Indians do not bother, by and large, with the football team; and apart from their presence and its excellent rugby club, Leicester is a rather nondescript place. Until the bones of Richard III, a 15th century English monarch, were recently dug up in a Leicester car park, its best-known historical figure was arguably an early 19th century jailer, called Daniel Lambert, who was considered to be the fattest man in England. He is still well-liked locally; his vast stockings and sail- like shirts are among the city's main attractions.
There have been good moments for the Foxes, of course. Under the effervescent management of Martin O'Neill, they won the League Cup in 1997—the club's first trophy for over a quarter of a century—then repeated the trick in 2000. Leicester has always produced the odd outstanding player, too—stars of City, England and, soon enough, bigger clubs, like Peter Shilton, Gary Lineker and Emile Heskey, in whose post-City exploits Foxes' fans take the slightly-wounded pride of an outgrown friend. Lineker, whose parents ran a fruit and vegetable stall on Leicester market even as he was scoring for Barcelona and England, is particularly revered. But Heskey is well-liked, too. He is remembered as the gangly 17-year-old who could speed up every game he played, so impetuous, skilful and quick was he. The fact that he later developed into a more stolid player, widely ridiculed for his feats of non-scoring forward play, seemed to many Leicester fans baffling and affronting. It seemed like a verdict on Leicester's idea of flair.
There have been bad times for the club, too—some even worse than the relegation that Leicester fans always expect. In 2002, the Foxes were relegated then, saddled with £30 million of debt, went bust. The club's existence was in doubt; it was bailed out by a consortium of fans, led by Lineker, which was a test even for its fans' high tolerance of adversity.
This ignominy caused little anxiety outside the city, though, because there are few Foxes fans out there. The vast surge in global attention to English football, on the back of a television- based boom that, incidentally, is the template for Indian cricket's enrichment, has largely passed by lower-ranking teams like Leicester. Millions of English people support them as their local team, the side their father followed: witness the banners, for Chesterfield United or Leyton Town, that English cricket fans take with them to foreign grounds. The vast majority of English football fans, who are now Asian, meanwhile scarcely know of these clubs' existence. They are the hidden lumber of the world's most over-exposed domestic sport. Wandering many countries as a foreign correspondent, in Africa, Asia and the Americas, I have rarely been far from a Manchester United or an Arsenal shirt. But I have only once glimpsed a Leicester shirt, in a Kenyan slum, and it had clearly made it there in a bale of charity-shop cast-offs. There are probably not even many Indian or African lovers of English football who could pronounce the club's name. Lechester, is it? Or Lesester?
So it is, to put it mildly, a bit of a turn-up that on Saturday, after the Foxes defeated Manchester City, 3-1, on 6 February, to stretch their lead in the premiership rivals to five points, ‘Leicester City' was briefly the biggest trending topic in the world on Twitter. Not even Daniel Lambert could have managed that. To Leicester fans, their team's current success is almost incredible. Imagine if some little-known Telugu production won an Oscar? Or if Google announced it was moving its global headquarters to Jalandhar? Leicester's current assault on the English Premier League is no more likely.
Supporting a local football side, such as the Foxes, is a statement of cultural belonging, to family and place; it is a tribute to the inertia and depth of aged British sporting affections. But it is no augury of success. It is almost the opposite. The very fact that clinging to a place in the Premier League has been, traditionally, the best the Foxes could hope for, has made all those other, cultural and commiserative, reasons for following the team seem especially important. To support a club like Leicester is therefore a form of self-knowledge, as well as of self- denial. Foxes fans might dream of glory, but they well know that mid-table anonymity is about what their city deserves. It is a mid-table sort of place, for which Leicester people feel a weary, unenthusiastic but sentimental affection, and their yo- yoing football side reflects that terminally mid-ranking status. Following a team like Leicester is, for all these reasons, and a few more (but I will stop this here), a weirdly satisfying act of sporting devotion. It is just unfortunate it usually requires watching so much bad football.
Not now, though, not this season, given the strange, beautiful saga now running at Leicester's King Power Stadium. The story unfolding there is of improbable victories, against the biggest and the richest, often won with spectacular speed and grace. I cannot think there has been a more thrilling, emotionally satisfying, drama in English domestic football—there have not been many better than this in any sport, anywhere. Leicester, a team of bargain-basement players, of unknown youngsters and hand-me-downs from richer clubs, started the season at 5,000- to-1 outsiders to win the Premier League. That was not outlandish; William Hill, the bookie offering those odds, took only 12 bets at them. Now, six months later, the Foxes are 2-to-1 favourites to win the league. If they do, the bookies will lose £10 million— including £25,000 to a 39-year-old Leicester carpenter, Leigh Herbert, who put a fiver on the Foxes, only because, he said, he was drunk at the time. The panicked bookie recently offered him £3,200 to call off his drunken bet. He refused:“I'm going to hang in there, I believe in fairytales.”
To appreciate how fantastical this is, consider what the bookies saw when they set those longshot odds. Last season, Leicester yo-yoed up into the premier league after a decade in the league's lower reaches. After a promising start, they collapsed, as callow newcomers to the premier league often do. Between November and April, the Foxes spent four and a half months stuck on the bottom of the table, barely able to score a goal, let alone win a game. But then suddenly, finding confidence and verve from who knew where, they started winning. They won seven of their last nine games, which constituted the best form in the league, and in the end avoided relegation with ease. Impressed, football scribes wrote this up as the Premier League's ‘Greatest Escape'—then many predicted that, this season, there would be no such reprieve. They had ground to think that.
On a ‘good will' summer tour of Thailand, where the consortium of businessmen which now owns the club resides, three of the club's players were caught in a sex scandal. One was the son of the club's admired manager, Nigel Pearson. The players and manager were sacked. The club's best player, the Argentinian veteran Esteban Cambiasso, then left. Pearson was replaced as manager by the Italian Claudio Ranieri, who seemed to have been kicking around football management for ever, with no great success for years. He had been sacked from his previous job, as manager of Greece, after four games—in the last of which Greece lost to a team of semi-professionals from the Faroe Islands. Only a couple of players were added to the squad, none of whom was particularly eye-catching or expensive; which in modern football is an almost assured recipe for failure.
As an almost infallible rule, the size of a football club's wage- bill predicts how well it will do. It is crushingly dull. But the best footballers have become so brilliantly honed, so systematically exercised, drilled and dried out, the pitches they play on are so invariably excellent, that there are few other variables left in the game. On level Premier League playing-fields, the richest clubs hoover up the best players, because they can pay the highest salaries, and therefore, by and large, they win. Poorer teams like Leicester must hope to scrape by with second-best, if they are lucky; they cannot expect to win. Until four years ago, the Foxes' main striker, Jamie Vardy, was playing football semi-professionally while working in a factory. He started the current season earning £20,000 a week; a handsome wage, but rather less than the £300,000 Wayne Rooney makes.
It is this deadening predictability, wrought by thorough professionalism, that makes the Foxes success so marvellous. Vardy has been a once-in- a-sporting-lifetime surprise. Whippet-quick, he has grown in impudent confidence with every win; in November he became the first player to score in 11 consecutive Premier League games. His main accomplice, Riyad Mahrez, bought from the French side club Le Havre for only a bit more than Rooney's weekly wage, has been probably the best player in England this season. And in their slip-stream a bunch of has-beens, nearlies and never-ought-to-have-beens have emerged as extraordinary players; the captain, Wes Morgan, who was so fat when he started his professional career with Nottingham Forest that he did nothing in his first season but lose weight, is currently one of the best central defenders in the League. Ranieri is firmly established as England's favourite uncle; his every modest proposal, that everyone should relax, not expect too much, receives rapturously approving media comment. It is extraordinarily romantic and improbable. No wonder a Hollywood producer has plans to make a film about Jamie Vardy. Nor is it surprising that football fans all around the country have started willing Leicester to go on and win the League. When news of Vardy's record-breaking goal was announced, packed stadiums across England erupted into spontaneous cheering and applause. Leicester's run is making all English football fans feel better about their game and themselves.
Can the Foxes now win the League? Clearly, if their form holds, they can. There is no great team to challenge them; Arsenal are awash with fragile genius; Liverpool, a mess; Manchester United's rich squad represents one of the worst returns on investment since the Iraq war. And if the Foxes do win the English Premier League, all the joy and wonder hitherto at their success will be as chaff to the wind compared to the celebrations to come. It really would be momentous. At a time of growing disaffection among football fans, as soaring ticket prices and the distant celebrities footballers' vast salaries have made of them, a Leicester triumph would replenish faith in the national game. It would mean truly colossal joy and vindication to back Leicester; it would be a blow for mid- sized, nondescript places everywhere.
Every Saturday morning, I now wake early at my home in Washington, nerves attacking each other, as I imagine the game ahead, imagining, too, what football defeat, when it comes, will feel like. It must come soon, of course, for Leicester is Leicester. But, dear God, I implore, not yet.
A new Digimon Story game that is separate from Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth Hacker's Memory is in development, producer Kazumasa Habu told 4Gamer.net in an interview published today.
Here is the full exchange that leads to the reveal:
4Gamer.net: It seems that Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth also received favorable reviews overseas.
Kazumasa Habu: While it received high praise in Japan, we received extremely high praise from fans overseas, so we took the path of worldwide expansion for the future.
However, nowadays PlayStation 4 is the main hardware overseas, and PS Vita has little to no retail space at stores. So for the physical version of Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth, we developed a port for PlayStation 4.
4Gamer.net: Overseas, Digimon World: Next Order was also a PlayStation 4 port based on a PS Vita game.
Kazumasa Habu: Right. It would have been made based on PlayStation 4 hardware, but we have to rebuild the game engine for PlayStation 4, as well as redo the graphics. In that case, it would take about three to four years to make a good game from scratch. At that point, it would have been quite a long gap from Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth.
We consider “not dampening the fans' enthusiasm” extremely important in continuing the Digimon IP, and for that reason it is important to regularly offer content.
So, while working on a completely new Digimon Story project, I thought I could offer a new story that depicts another side of Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth called Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth Hacker's Memory as not to dampen the fans' enthusiasm.
4Gamer.net: A completely new Digimon Story that is separate from Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth Hacker's Memory is already in the works? That is a bit surprising.
Kazumasa Habu: Regarding Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth Hacker's Memory, officially we refer to it a “new title in the Cyber Sleuth series” rather than “new title in the Digimon Story series,” and in reality there is reason for that. That includes my desire to reliably provide content for fans who enjoyed the previous titles.
Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on Thursday used his first tweet ever to slam President Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate agreement.
Blankfein called Trump's move “a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world.” It was the first tweet sent from his verified account, first reserved in June 2011.
Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement — Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017
Blankfein, like many corporate and finance titans, has expressed mixed feelings about Trump before. He praised the president's business experience, but spoke out against Trump's temporary travel ban against several majority-Muslim countries.
ADVERTISEMENT
Blankfein joins the tech community, global leaders and Democratic governors and mayors in slamming the climate call.
Trump has a mixed history with Goldman Sachs. He routinely criticized Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE for making paid speeches to Goldman employees, and Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas), his rival for the GOP nomination, for loans he'd taken out from the bank. Cruz's wife, Heidi, was a managing partner, and the loans were taken out against a line of credit they had with Goldman Sachs.
Even so, Trump has relied on Goldman alumni in important positions throughout his campaign and presidency. Senior adviser Stephen Bannon was a Goldman banker before joining Breitbart News and later the Trump campaign, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin also worked at the bank.
After his election, Trump tapped former Goldman Chief Operating Officer Gary Cohn, widely considered Blankfein's likely heir, to lead the National Economic Council.
Video reposted from the Facebook page of PinoyMedia Center's Film Weekly.
On February 24, 98 regular employees of TV5 were axed by the network. Four of them were officials of the Associated Broadcasting Company Employees Union (ABCEU), aka TV5 Employees Union. They were fired on three grounds: financial difficulty, redundancy in personnel and qualifications.
Related article: [News] TV5 lays off around 100 employees
PinoyMedia Center produced a short documentary about what transpired during that day, and gave further analysis of the incident:
Nimrod Imus, audioman and the treasurer of ABCEU, recalled the unusual circumstances that led to last Friday's layoffs. He noticed that on Thursday (February 23), their supervisors did not immediately update them on their schedule for the following day, which was the usual routine in their operations. Later that Thursday, they were given a 9am-5pm schedule and meeting with HR.
“Mga alas tres ng hapon, nagsimula na pong magpatawag ang pamunuan, ang management ng TV5, at dalawa-dalawang empleyado ang pinapapunta nila sa kanilang opisina. Tapos pagbalik nila, wala na po silang mga ID, at meron na po silang escort na taga-HR saka security guard. At hindi na po sila pwedeng magtagal ng premises dahil tanggal na daw po sila kaagad ora mismo at kinakailangan na nilang lumabas ng TV5 premises.” (The TV5 management started calling us around 3pm. Two employees were called to the HR office at a time. When they come back, they no longer have their IDs, and they were already escorted by the HR and security. They were not allowed to stay within the premises because they were already fired that instant.)
Another audioman, Medel Gotel, who is also a board member of ABCEU, dismissed the claims of TV5 that the company was losing money. He said that TV5 is under Metro Pacific Investments Corporation (MPIC), which also owns Smart, PLDT, Manila Water, North Luzon Expressway, among others. Those companies, according to him, can help augment the losses of TV5.
ABCEU President Vladimir Martin added that MPIC Chairman Manny V. Pangilinan even used the retirement fund of PLDT to purchase TV5, which means he has the power to use the resources from other MPIC subsidiaries to sustain the operations of TV5.
Gotel also refuted TV's claim that there is a redundancy in personnel, revealing the illegal labor scheme of hiring contractual workers with the same job description to make it appear that there is such a redundancy in the workforce.
“Ang katotohanan po, hindi ibinibigay ng management sa empleyado ang nararapat o karampatang trabaho ng isang empleyado. Sa halip, kumukuha ang management ng outsourced [workers] na kapareho rin ng ginagawa ng kanilang empleyado para lumabas kami na isang excess o sobrang tao.” (The truth is, the TV5 management is not giving what is due their employees. Instead, they are hiring outsourced workers who have the same jobs as ours so they can claim our positions as redundant.)
He also debunked the claims of the network that there were issues with the qualifications of the personnel, which was one of the cited reasons for their dismissal.
“Meron tayong six months probationary, na pag which hindi mo siya naachieve, hindi ka pupwedeng maregular. Pero ito po'y ilang taon na naming ginagawa, so lumalabas naachieve namin ito, at nagkaroon pa kami ng developmental na lumalabas ay napromote kami. So paano mo masasabi na hindi kami qualified kung kami'y napromote?” (We have six months probation period, and if you do not pass that, you won't be regularized. And since we've been doing this for years as regulars, it proves that we have already passed the probation. Add to that the ‘developmental' which means we were promoted. So how can they say that we are not qualified if we were promoted?)
Imus concluded that the above-mentioned reasons prove that TV5 is making false claims to legitimize their illegal dismissals.
“Ang nakikita namin dito ay talagang union-busting.” (We really see this as a clear form of union-busting.)
In response to TV5's actions, ABCEU filed an NOS (Notice of Strike) with the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE). As of the video's posting, the National Conciliation and Mediation Board (NCMB) of DOLE is holding hearings with regard to the complaint of ABCEU.
This is not an isolated case in the labor industry. ABCEU President Vladimir Martin said this is just the beginning of a widespread contractualization in the country.
“Sa mga manggagawa, hindi lang sa TV5, pati sa iba't ibang network, at sa lahat ng mga unionized workers sa Pilipinas, asahan natin na titindi pa ang atake sa mga regular na empleyado lalo na sa mga may unyon. Ito ‘yung nakikita nating magiging result talaga pag pinatupad ‘yung Department Order 168. Mapapalitan ng mga unionized workers ng mga regular kuno na mga worker na galing sa mga agency.” (To all workers, not only in TV5 and other media networks, but to all unionized workers in the Philippines, be prepared for more attacks to regular employees, especially those with labor unions. This is what we foresee as a result of the enforcement of DOLE's Department Order 168, where unionized regular employees will be replaced by agency-hired workers.)
#
View the original post here: https://www.facebook.com/filmweekly.pmc/videos/1681488055481863/
#LabanMedia #BuhayMedia #WorkersRights
Follow us on Twitter/Instagram (@buhaymedia) and like our Facebook page (facebook.com/buhaymedia) to show your support.
Advertisements
I have recently been spending more of my free time playing and studying the ancient Chinese board game Wéiqí. In the West, Wéiqí is more commonly known by its Japanese name, Go. My enthusiasm for this incredible game has finally grown enough to start a dedicated blog about it.
I first encountered Baduk (as it is called in Korea) as a child at my grandmother's house in Uijeongbu. However, I did not learn the beautifully simple rules until years later, and initially, I was just intrigued by the lack of strong computer Go technology; the strongest computer Go programs of the early 2000's floundered in the beginner ranks. I found this particularly puzzling since it only takes about fifteen minutes or so to learn the rules. Curiosity drove me to a local Austin, Texas game shop where I picked up a couple of books on Go and an inexpensive set.
In rather short order, I found it difficult to further advance my understanding of the game. Learning by yourself without a support network is a long, grueling process. Go, like Chess and other great games, is fundamentally social phenomena; you need players, teachers, clubs, tournaments and so forth.
Unfortunately, unlike Chess in the United States, Go has never had a figure in the popular consciousness to bolster its troops. The fear-mongering, real and imagined, around the Cold War veritably sealed the hero status to be endowed upon Bobby Fischer after his victory over Boris Spassky. Overnight, a curious intellectual pastime became a nationalistic act.
Over the years the popularity of chess has waned and it's once again viewed as a somewhat obscure activity. Still, the shift of the 1970s can be felt, finding a strong chess enthusiast to learn from or joining a local chess club in the States does not stretch the imagination.
The on-ramping story for Go is significantly less inviting. The problem in many ways boils down to language barriers. The vast majority of contemporary Go literature, and thus pedagogy, is only available in Chinese, Japanese and Korean. Many of the good books available in English are Japanese translations from the 70s, 80s, and 90s and while unquestionably classics, they suffer from an old fashioned approach to teaching Go.
I believe a couple factors are swinging things in the right direction for a whole new level of popularity for Go in the States - the wide availability of inexpensive mobile touch-enabled technology, and the embrace of the Internet by the growing English friendly Go community.
In this post I hope to draw a map for the would-be Go enthusiast. Go information is unevenly distributed across the World Wide Web and requires a surprising amount of dedicated stumbling about. I hope to save the next adventurer some time; the following links and suggestions are meant to quickly introduce a newcomer to the wonderful world of Go and give a reasonable path to consistent improvement at the game without an undue expenditure of effort.
Mobile Technology
Photo of SmartGo Kifu by Anders Kierulf
Who would have thought a 3000 year old-game would be so well suited for our touch-enabled mobile computing present? There are quite a few Go applications for mobile devices but the SmartGo series is a complete game changer for anyone armed with an iOS device that wants to pick up Go at a reasonable clip.
A couple of years ago I purchased SmartGo Player for a couple of bucks. I was so impressed by the experience that I quickly upgraded to SmartGo Kifu. This is a one-stop shop for playing against the computer, practicing problems (2000+), studying professional Go games (80,000+), and reviewing and annotating your own games. It works perfectly with the SGF format (unsurprising, as the app author, Anders Kierulf, invented the SGF format in the late 1980s). Whether you save your games via DropBox, encounter games via web browser links, or copy games from SmartGo Books (more on this later), you can easily open up a SGF file and try variations and make annotations on lines of play.
Prior to SmartGo, digging into a game or problem required breaking out the goban (Go board) and working through the variations. Eventually this will become good practice but it requires far more memory dexterity than can be expected from beginners trying to build an interest in the game. I can't say enough good things about SmartGo. Just get it.
Internet
While playing and studying by yourself is an important part of your growth as a Go player, it's tough to stay enthuasiastic when you don't feel like you're a part of a larger community. For a time it even seemed the English speaking online Go community was waning - many once popular English Go blogs are now inactive or unavailable. But in reality, I believe the community just shifted towards more modern forms of community building better suited to drawing people into the game - specifically, high quality video commentary.
Game commentary is a deeply important activity in the Go world, but prior to the last few years you either had to read a book or understand enough Chinese, Korean, or Japanese to watch a Go television show.
So where's the best place to watch free English friendly Go commentary videos you ask?
YouTube!
YouTube
My current favorite of all the Go commentary channels on YouTube is Lee Hajin's (Korean 3p) Haylee's World of Go/Baduk. Lee Hajin, who is also the Secretary General of the International Go Federation, plays relatively fast paced games on Tygem or the Kiseido Go Server while speaking in a highly engaging way about her thought process. Her channel cannot be over-recommended:
Nick Sibicky records his Go lectures and like Lee Hajin's channel is a treasure trove of Go commentary. His delivery style on classic games is filled with drama and history:
Go Game Guru has become an essential source of Go news for an English speaking audience. An Younggil (Korean 8p) gives deep, deep commentary on a variety of games. His style is highly analytical, and to be honest his lectures often move so quickly as to be completely over my head, but that just makes me that much more excited to deepen my understanding of the game!
The American Go Association (AGA) has started delivering live coverage of AGA tournaments and as well as notable events from the broader Go world. The live commentary of the final game between two of the world's top players, Ke Jie (China 9p) and Lee Sedol (Korea 9p), drew a record breaking 14,000 viewers:
Internet Go Servers
Eventually you'll want to try to play some games. Unless there's a very active Go club in your neighborhood, an online Go server will be the easiest way to put theory into practice.
There are several Internet Go servers to choose from and I'll only talk about the ones I am active on. Notably missing here are Tygem and the Online-Go Server. My impression is that they are both fantastic places to play and in particular the Online-Go Server may be better suited for people just starting out who want to play a friendly game. Tygem has many Korean players which usually means you may have a harder time getting your bearings as the community is considerably stronger on average.
I only have extensive experience with the Dragon Go Server and the Kiseido Go Server so I will focus on these for now.
Dragon Go Server
Dragon Go Server (DGS) is a simple turn based server with clients for both Android and iOS. For your first games you may want to try a couple of 9x9s (the full game is 19x19) with a stranger or a friend who is also interested in the game.
Turn based Go means you get to spend a lot of time on each move. It's a great way to work on your reading skills without working up your blood pressure due to a ticking clock.
However being able to think quickly on your feet is another valuable Go skill to develop so you should also spend adequate time playing faster paced games on a server with a strong post-game review culture.
Enter KGS.
Kiseido Go Server
The Kiseido Go Server (KGS) requires using a very clunky-looking Java application that is actually surprisingly stable, featureful and intuitive to use.
When you are just starting out with Go, one of the hardest things to come by is a game where you're actively learning something. The biggest issue with low double-digit kyu games (25k-15k) is that you have two people pitted against each other neither whom have a good feel for the mechanics of the game yet.
For this reason it's important to reach out to stronger players and request a teaching game. You'll find yourself improving at a much more rapid rate and soon enough you'll be able to return the favor by showing the next low double-digit kyu (DDK) the ropes.
The strong teaching and review culture of KGS is absolutely the best thing going for it. KGS also regularly broadcasts Go tournaments from around the world and lots of players gather around to banter and occasionally predict the next move.
Suffice to say, KGS is a whole lot of fun. Properly navigated it will kick-start your love of the game in no time.
Learning
Just watching videos and playing online won't alone be enough to improve your understanding of the game. Eventually you'll want to spend some time with a book to give some definite shape to what at this point are only vague intuitions.
Thankfully learning to play Go has never ever been as straightforward as it is today. I've found SmartGo's Go Books to be another indispensable and convenient tool on the path to achieving further insights about the nature of Go.
Many classic titles are available for Go Books - having a treasure trove like Invincible: The Games of Shusaku literally in the palm of your hand is really something else.
Books
There are a few good modern books for beginners in English these days but the following I can vouch for without hesitation having read them several times.
Learn To Play Go by Janice Kim & Soo-hyun Jeong Volumes 1-5. These books are a great way to get a feel for the big ideas of the game delivered in an intuitive style. They don't work completely by themselves since there aren't enough problems, so you should supplement these books with Graded Go Problems for Beginners Volumes 1-4.
These 9 books can be easily consumed in a few months but they could just as well keep you busy for a year if combined with active play. With the exception of the first volumes of each series, these books warrant repeat reading.
If you somehow devour all of this, you'll be ready to switch to meatier material. I strongly recommend a book that I only recently picked up, Yilun Yang's The Fundamental Princples of Go. Until I read this book I frankly found most other books on opening theory as well as joseki (standard opening patterns) fairly bewildering. This is a very hard book, but like the other books it gives more with each read. The book while thorough, also gives you an easy to recall set of principles that you can bring to each game you play.
I've also enjoyed Lessons in the Fundamentals of Go as well as all the books in the Elementary Go Series. The problems presented in the later series are significantly more challenging than the Graded Go series but if you've gotten this far I think you'll find that you'll absorb far more than you won't.
Tsumego & Game Review
Learning Go feels much more like learning a new language than learning a game. If you want to pick up a new language you have to practice a little bit each day. Probably more than anything else Go is about reading, that is, the ability to visualize lines of play without actually placing stones on the board.
You'll probably find Graded Go Problems for Beginners Volumes 1 & 2 relatively simple to get through. Even for absolute beginners the problems rarely take longer than a minute to solve. Starting with Volume 3 things become significantly more challenging. Often the obvious move does not actually work and you should take a moment to find your opponent's best counter play. Contrary to what some people suggest, I don't believe it's a issue to look at the answer if you cannot solve a problem in a reasonable amount of time. Often problems which you find difficult involve some fundamental insight you either haven't encountered before or haven't fully driven home. When you return to do the problem again in a later reading you'll have forgotten the answer but will be armed with the new knowledge needed to reach the solution this time around.
Graded Go Problems for Beginners Volume 4 is very challenging. You may find yourself starting this one several times and being quite bewildered. Stick with it. By the time you feel this problem are within reach you'll be stunned how much you can visualize in your head.
Again expect to read these books several times.
The other important piece of advice is to take the time to review your games, wins and losses.
Playing Slow, Playing Fast
In The Natural Way to Draw, Nicolaides emphasizes the importance of drawing both very slowly (3 hour studies) and very quickly (3 second studies). It's no different with Go. It's just as important to play very slow games where you have ample time to consider your options as it to play against the clock where the speed and accuracy of your reading ability is put to the test.
Divide your time between turn based servers where you have ample time and timed games. I started out favoring 30 minutes of main time and 5 byo-yomi periods of 30 seconds for my KGS games. After watching Lee Hajin's videos I've now switched to 10 minutes of main time with 3 byo-yomi periods of 30 seconds. This time control setting means the game lasts 40-50 minutes at most - a reasonable amount when you have a lot of other things to attend to in your life.
Playing Lots of Games
Some people play many, many games back to back in rapid succession. Doing this to recover from losses for fear of losing a rank or two is especially missing the big picture. Win or lose, a game isn't any good if you don't take time to review it. It's highly likely that your winning games have just as many bad moves and blunders as your losing games.
I play a couple of games a week on KGS and I have 3-4 games going at a time on DGS. I find that this is enough to keep me busy and if I'm hitting the books and watching commentary, my game keeps on improving anyhow.
Caveats & Conclusions
This post is of course my very idiosyncratic take on how to go about learning and enjoying the game of Go. Everybody has different tastes and inclinations so what works for me might not work for you at all. Still, I hope this first post gets you excited about diving into the world of Go. If you stick with it I guarantee you'll discover a game that will keep you intrigued for a lifetime!
Here's a variety of useful links that I've cobbled together from various sources that didn't fit into the main body of the post.
Larry Page sees a conundrum in the world's future.
Machine learning will replace more and more human jobs, leading to vast unemployment in the next few decades, just like 19th-century farmers.
But today's opiate of the masses is work. It makes people feel needed and occupied. People like vacation, but also like feeling busy. The trick, Page said, will be to convince people to simply work less so we can all have a little work.
Anthropologists have shown that people only need housing, security and opportunity for their children to be happy, Page said -- and that doesn't take much to produce for everyone. We're overproducing on things not central to happiness, but people need work to be happy. The answer? Redistribute jobs so everyone works a little -- just less than before.
"So the idea that everyone needs to work frantically to meet people's needs is just not true," Page said. "I do think there's a problem that we don't recognize that. I think there's also a social problem that a lot of people aren't happy if they don't have anything to do. So we need to give people things to do. We need to feel like you're needed, wanted and have something productive to do."
Page and Google co-founder Sergey Brin talked last week with venture capitalist Vinod Khosla at a Khosla Ventures summit. The conversation touched on Google's long-term strategies and self-driving cars, but reached its peak when Page began talking about an underemployed future:
Larry Page: 90-percent of people used to be farmers. So it's happened before. It's not surprising. Vinod Khosla: The vast majority of employment shifted from farming to only needing about 2-percent of the U.S. workforce. That happened between 1900 and the year 2000. I see the beginnings of that happening again with the rapid acceleration the next 10, 15, 20 years. LP: I totally believe we should be living in a time of abundance, like Peter Diamandis' book. If you really think about the things that you need to make yourself happy - housing, security, opportunities for your kids - anthropologists have been identifying these things. It's not that hard for us to provide those things. The amount of resources we need to do that, the amount of work that actually needs to go into that is pretty small. I'm guessing less than 1-percent at the moment. So the idea that everyone needs to work frantically to meet people's needs is just not true. I do think there's a problem that we don't recognize that. I think there's also a social problem that a lot of people aren't happy if they don't have anything to do. So we need to give people things to do. We need to feel like you're needed, wanted and have something productive to do. But I think the mix with that and the industries we actually need and so on are-- there's not a good correspondence. That's why we're busy destroying the environment and other things, maybe we don't need to be doing. So I'm pretty worried. Until we figure that out, we're not going to have a good outcome. One thing, I was talking to Richard Branson about this. They don't have enough jobs in the UK. He's been trying to get people to hire two part-time people instead of one full-time. So at least, the young people can have a half-time job rather than no job. And it's a slightly greater cost for employers.
Of course, cutting one full-time job into two part-time jobs leads to a lot of people working less -- and earning less -- than they did before. How will they make enough money to survive in an underemployed society? Page doesn't dwell on those details but skips ahead to a world where work provides people happiness simply by being work they can do -- now with extra free time to pursue hobbies and family time.
LP: I was thinking, the extension of that is you have global unemployment or widespread unemployment. You just reduce work time. Everyone I've asked-- I've asked a lot of people about this. Maybe not you guys. But most people, if I ask them, 'Would you like an extra week of vacation?' They raise their hands, 100-percent of the people. 'Two weeks vacation, or a four-day work week?' Everyone will raise their hand. Most people like working, but they'd also like to have more time with their family or to pursue their own interests. So that would be one way to deal with the problem, is if you had a coordinated way to just reduce the workweek. And then, if you add slightly less employment, you can adjust and people will still have jobs. Sergey Brin: I will quibble a little bit. I don't think that in the near term, the need for labor is going away. It gets shifted from one place to another, but people always want more stuff or more entertainment or more creativity or more something. LP: I think it's an imperfect system, so there's no reason that it really will correspond. There's been some economics arguments that, that's not as true now as it has been. But that could lead to other kinds of governance problems and so on. But nobody really knows the answer to that question.
Page also weighed in on Google's effect in housing-strapped cities like San Francisco, where tech is seen as a major player in growing income inequality. The answer wasn't too hopeful. It's the government's fault, he said, and "we're not really on a path to fix those problems in this area."
VK: Since we went in to the social domain, there are short-term issues like you see in San Francisco. People not appreciating that people who are part of the ideas economy in some ways are doing much better than people who aren't. LP: This kind of thing is a really a governance problem, because we're building lots of jobs, lots of office buildings, and no housing. So it's not surprising that caused a lot of issues. You also have a lot of people who are rent controlled, so they don't participate in the economic increase in housing prices. It actually hurts them. It doesn't help them. So I think those problems are more structural and very serious problems. We're not really on a path to fix those problems in this area.
Another place where pesky government and regulations get in the way? Health.
LP: I am really excited about the possibility of data also, to improve health. But that's -- I think what Sergey's saying, it's so heavily regulated. It's a difficult area. I can give you an example. Imagine you had the ability to search people's medical records in the U.S. Any medical researcher can do it. Maybe they have the names removed. Maybe when the medical researcher searches your data, you get to see which researcher searched it and why. I imagine that would save 10,000 lives in the first year. Just that. That's almost impossible to do because of HIPAA. I do worry that we regulate ourselves out of some really great possibilities that are certainly on the data-mining end.
The whole conversation is vastly interesting for those curious about Google's thoughts on the future. And it is best summed up by a casual comment from Brin that embodies deep implications: "You should presume that someday, we will be able to make machines that can reason, think and do things better than we can."
See the full interview below:
Playing Catch-Up: Five Recent Graphic Novels You Really Shouldn't Miss
And so we have arrived at the great annual inrush of breath that precedes San Diego Comic Con. Comics publishers have gone quiet as flacks' fancies turn to thoughts of booth staffing and booze guzzling, and the industry collectively attempts to keep its powder dry for big announcements from the con floor. It's a kind of four-color funnybook omerta.
But when the buzz out of San Diego starts up next week, it will of course focus on what's next — what the coming weeks and months have in store. Which is why right now is a good time of year to pause and highlight some of what's now — a handful of outstanding recently released books you might have missed.
Anya's Ghost by Vera Brosgol
MacMillan
This debut YA graphic novel about Anya, a bright if sullen schoolgirl who falls down a well and befriends the ghost she finds there, stakes out an unusual patch of narrative real estate: it's both seriously creepy and ... really kinda sweet. From the very first page, Brosgol's artwork charms — Anya is a real kid, navigating the emotional minefield of high school. Check out a preview. See what I mean.
Wandering Son, Vol. I by Shimura Takako, translated by Matt Thorn
Fantagraphics Books
With skill, restraint and a deep sensitivity to the roiling emotions involved, Shimura relates the tale of fifth-grade boy Shuichi, who wants to be a girl, and his classmate Yoshino, a girl who wants to be a boy. This is the first volume of the Japanese saga to be published in English, and translator Thorn does great work parsing the complex gender honorifics of the Japanese language. We only just begin to get to know our two leads, but Shimura's approach allows us to feel their confusion, their heartache and — when a perceptive mutual friend orchestrates a plan that starts them down the road to self-acceptance — their quiet, nervous joy. Check out the preview.
EmiTown by Emi Lenox
Image Comics
Lenox's webcomic EmiTown, a cartoon journal of her life in and around Portland, Oregon, is incredibly charming, ebullient and quirky. Image comics have collected a year's worth of entries (May 2009 to April 2010) in a great big honkin' volume that you're just gonna plow through. Lenox's breezy, expressive, manga-inflected cartooning — and light comic touch — enlivens the everyday details she documents (dayjob woes, video game triumphs, foods and beverages consumed, etc.) to create one of the most compulsively readable journal comics out there.
Aquaman: Death of a Prince by lots of people, but especially David Micheline (story) and Jim Aparo (art)
DC Comics
This new collection of Aquaman stories from the late 70s are all solid superhero yarns, to be sure, but they're more than that. The storyline contained in this book is one that changed Aquaman's character permanently — out with the old, smilin' Sea King, in with the hot-headed, imperious Broken Man. Not that you can blame the guy — over the course of a handful of issues, his infant son gets murdered, his wife leaves him to search for a miracle that could save the boy, his faithful sidekick Aqualad goes off in search of his real father, and the people of Atlantis depose him.
Grim, unrelenting stuff; if weren't for Aparo's striking art — he drew a lithe, balletic Aquaman (imagine Nureyev slicing through the murky depths or wrasslin' an octopus) — it'd make for tough going. As it is, it's a satisfying reproduction of a era that still shapes how he's portrayed, more than three decades later.
Even the Giants by Jesse Jacobs
Adhouse Books
What better time of the year than now, when the very air is indistinguishable from chicken stock, to kick back with a gorgeously drawn chronicle of the far, frozen North? Especially if it involves heartsick Arctic monsters? This debut from Canadian Jesse Jacobs is a stark, slim, wordless paean to love among the yetis — or yeti-like creatures, anyway. Two such giant beasts roam the (exquisitely rendered) frozen, desolates wastes of the upper world, finding solace in gobbling up the locals like so many chocolate-covered cherries. Even the Giants is more a mood piece than a story, but the mood in question is sad and beautiful and worth checking out. Here's a preview.
As the Spanish government reveals the true nature of its “democratic” pretensions, injuring hundreds in an effort to stop Catalans from voting, one thing is clear: Catalonia is no longer Spanish. In the very effort to prevent the referendum Madrid has handed the victory to the separatists: this is what the sight of Spanish police clubbing people at the polls means. While previous polls showed that the advocates of Catalan independence were neck-and-neck with those opposed, there is every reason to believe that now the overwhelming majority are for secession. The government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has lost whatever legitimacy it once had.
Indeed, if I was looking for a way to ensure that the independence movement would triumph, then this kind of crackdown fits the bill. The world has come a long way since 1933 – and that's why calling in the Guardia Civil is having the exact opposite of its intended result.
As I write the number of injured is rising by the minute: it's almost to 800 now, and will doubtless climb. Using rubber bullets, the Guardia Civil, Spain's police force, has fired on its own people, injuring scores: yet more injuries were inflicted by beatings, with police using truncheons indiscriminately on young and old alike, attacking firefighters, old ladies, journalists, and anyone who got in their way.
And yet the ostensible goal of their actions – stopping the referendum – was not achieved. Seventy-three percent of the polling stations remained open and functioning, despite the efforts of the Guardia Civil – underscoring the blind arrogance of Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as he stupidly claims that “no referendum was held in Catalonia.” Spain's actions, he said, are “an example to the world.”
What is that guy smoking?
Outside of the fantasy world of Señor Rajoy, the Catalan referendum has indeed been held, and the results are not in doubt: the question is, what will the Catalan government do now? And what will be Madrid's response?
The spectacle of violent repression unleashed against peaceful protesters has provoked widespread outrage throughout Europe. Despite the coolness with which the EU bureaucracy views the Catalan government, it is doubtful that the European Parliament will stand idly by while this goes on, and there is probably considerable pressure being brought to bear on the Spanish authorities by the EU bloc to hold back. Yet it looks to me like Madrid, after going this far, is going to double down and go much further – with catastrophic results.
While the United States and Britain can be counted on to back Madrid unconditionally, the rest of the civilized world is not such an easy mark. If and when the Catalans declare their independence, it will only take one or two countries in Europe recognizing them to embarrass Madrid and imperil Rajoy's minority government.
In the Catalonian events there is a lesson to be learned and it is this: government is brute force. It isn't “the rule of law,” it isn't the People's Will, it isn't “democracy” or some such floating abstraction: government is coercion, pure and simple. And when the will of a government is defied, what happens is what we saw today [Sunday] in Catalonia. The only question now is: will the Spanish state use enough force to keep the Catalans under their thumb? Madrid could unleash the army: Rajoy could send tanks into the streets of Barcelonia. The Guardia Civil could use real bullets instead of rubber bullets.
If not, then they will discover that there are no halfway measures in the struggle for power. If not, then they will ultimately lose – and this is what the Catalans are counting on, the unwillingness of the Spanish central authorities to isolate themselves from the rest of the civilized world. It is, in my view, a fairly safe assumption – although, you never know.
At a time when supra-national bureaucracies and globalist initiatives are being foisted on ordinary people, the Catalan people are rising up and taking their destiny into their own hands. While the elites are pushing an agenda of centralization, and concentrated power, the worldwide trend is actually going in the opposite direction, toward decentralization and self-determination. Repression won't stop it: bullets won't end it. Indeed, as the Spanish authorities are discovering to their dismay, sending in the troops is far more likely to backfire than to quell the rebellion.
Yet Madrid is locked in to its untenable strategy. Since neither side can afford to back down, from here on out the Catalan crisis can only escalate. I fully expect the Catalans to declare their independence, in which case Madrid will respond just as it responded to the referendum: with force. There are thousands of Spanish police on ships in Barcelona's harbor who have yet to be deployed: they're being held back for some reason. What this means is that an attempt will be made to arrest Catalan government officials, including President Carles Puigdemont. The violence we saw on the streets of Catalonia on Sunday may be only the beginning.
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here. But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud.
I've written a couple of books, which you might want to peruse. Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon (ISI Books, 2008).
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Alice Glass, who left the band Crystal Castles in 2014 citing ‘creative differences', has revealed the real reason she departed was due to the sexual misconduct of co-founder Ethan Kath.
In a statement on her website, she explains detailed and lengthy claims of stalking, physical abuse and sexual abuse as well as being forced to have sex with Ethan Kath (real name Claudio Palmieri).
“I met ‘Ethan Kath' (Claudio Palmieri) when I was in the 10th grade,” Glass writes. “The first time he took advantage of me was when I was around 15.” To add to the harrowing accusations, she says: “He forced me to have sex with him or, he said, I wouldn't be allowed to be in the band anymore.”
“I've been very guarded about the information I've given and I haven't publicly named names—because I've been afraid. I've been threatened and harassed and as a result, out of fear, I've been silenced,” she opens. “The momentum that's been created recently by the many courageous women who have opened up about their own stories has inspired me to finally be more direct, at whatever cost.”
After explaining how she was naive when she met Kath, Glass details the abuse: “He held me over a staircase and threatened to throw me down it. He picked me up over his shoulders and threw me onto concrete.”; “I wasn't allowed to have my own phone or my own credit card, he decided who my friends were, read through my private emails, restricted my access to social media, regulated everything I ate.”; ” He told me that my feminism made me a target for rapists and only he could protect me. He forced me to have sex with him or, he said, I wouldn't be allowed to be in the band anymore.”
She concludes: “Leaving Crystal Castles was the single most difficult decision I've ever made—that band was everything to me. My music, my performances and my fans were all I had in the world. I gave that up and started over not because I wanted to but because I had to. As difficult as it was, I knew that leaving was one of the best decisions I've ever made. It has taken me years to recover from enduring almost a decade of abuse, manipulation and psychological control. I am still recovering.”
Read the full statement, here.
LANGLEY (NEWS1130) – One person has been killed in the accident that's shut down Highway 1 eastbound in Langley.
The crash at 264th saw an SUV slam into a construction vehicle.
“The SUV burst into flames with the… lone occupant sustaining fatal injuries,” says Sergeant Peter Thiessen.
“The construction vehicle was parked on the highway in the fast lane with all emergency equipment in operation,” he adds.
Mounties say the SUV appears to have been going too fast for the road and weather conditions, noting there was dense fog in the area at the time of the crash.
The highway was re-opened to traffic at about noon.
This was just one of several accidents on a messy morning commute in the Lower Mainland.
Meanwhile, Over in the Birch Bay area, fog is being blamed for a deadly head-on crash on a rural road early this morning. State Troopers say a pickup driver smashed into a car after trying to pass a truck around 1 a.m. Both of the people who were killed are from Blaine.
For up to the minute traffic updates, you can follow us on Twitter @News1130Traffic or subscribe to breaking news alerts sent directly to your inbox. You can also listen live to traffic reports every 10 minutes on the ones.
CTVNews.ca Staff
The remote town of La Loche, Sask., is reeling after at least four people were killed and others injured during a school shooting.
One suspect has been arrested and a firearm was seized, according to Saskatchewan RCMP Chief Supt. Maureen Levy.
The town's acting mayor, Kevin Janvier, told CTV News Channel the fatalities include staff and students. He also said the suspect is under the age of 21.
However, the RCMP has released few details. Initial reports indicated that five people were killed and others were injured, but RCMP later corrected the death toll to four.
Levy said she could not provide a precise number of those wounded.
“There are other injuries and they are being treated by health care professionals at this time,” Levy said.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke about the tragedy at an emergency press conference in Davos, Switzerland.
“We all grieve with and stand with the community of La Loche and the province of Saskatchewan on this terrible and tragic day,” Trudeau said.
Investigators were dispatched to the school and a second location in La Loche, RCMP said.
The incident happened around 1 p.m. at Dene High School in La Loche, a remote town of approximately 3,000 people. It is located about 600 kilometres north of Saskatoon.
A male student told CTV Saskatoon that he saw a tutor get shot inside a classroom.
“The tutor went towards the door and she got shot and I just hid under the desk and phoned 911 and helped the teacher stop the bleeding,” said the witness, who asked to remain anonymous.
A 16-year-old student told the Canadian Press that his friends ran past him yelling “There's a shotgun!” as he returned to school from lunch break.
“And then I was hearing those shots, too, so of course I started running," he said.
A nearby elementary school was put under lockdown as a precaution, RCMP said.
Trudeau said he received regular updates from law enforcement officials and expressed gratitude to first responders.
“Obviously this is every parent's worst nightmare,” Trudeau said.
“When I spoke with community leaders they obviously expressed that the community is reeling and all of us across this country's hearts are going out to the family and to the whole community.”
By late Friday, community members were holding a candle-light vigil outside the school.
Community gathering to say a prayer outside of school where people were shot in la loche. pic.twitter.com/liKvMQEyrI — Sarah Plowman (@SarahPlowmanCTV) January 23, 2016
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said that RCMP commissioner Bob Paulson will employ all resources necessary to conduct a thorough investigation.
“Commissioner Paulson is making absolutely sure that the La Loche detachment has everything they need to conduct a proper investigation and deal with this situation,” Goodale told CTV Regina.
Goodale added that Health Minister Jane Philpott is ensuring that health support services are provided to the isolated community.
“We'll need to make sure they have everything they need in terms of initial supports,” Goodale said.
The Northern Lights School Division said it is working with provincial agencies to bring crisis response teams to La Loche.
“Our hearts are broken for each of the victims and their families and for all the students and staff at the La Loche Community School,” director of education Ken Ladouceur said in a statement on Facebook.
Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall posted a statement on Facebook about “horrific events.”
Words cannot express my shock and sorrow at the horrific events today in La Loche. My thoughts and prayers are with all... Posted by Brad Wall on Friday, January 22, 2016
The community's NDP MP and former mayor, Georgina Jolibois, said she was “shaken up” by the incident. She said her own family members were inside the school during the shooting and later confirmed that they were unharmed.
The region's MLA described the school as a “beacon of opportunity and hope” for the area.
“I know from working with them that the school and the staff and the kids were just fantastic. This is just devastating,” Buckley Belanger, MLA for Athabasca, told CTV News Channel.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair and interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose expressed condolences for those affected by the shooting.
My thoughts are with those affected by the shooting at La Loche Community School and @GeorginaNDP whose family members are at the school. — Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) January 22, 2016
Shocked and saddened by the shooting in La Loche. My thoughts and prayers are with the community and those touched by this violence. — Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) January 22, 2016
News of the shooting travelled as far as Australia, where Milos Raonic dedicated his third-round win to the community of La Loche.
With files from CTV Saskatoon and the Canadian Press
Martin Wolf, the Keynesian economic journalist in an article in the UK's Financial Times, has highlighted a paper by two economists at the US Federal Reserve, Joseph Gruber and Steven Kamin that showed a widening gap between corporate savings (or profits) and corporate investment in most of the major economies (Gruber corporate profits and saving).
This gap, technically called ‘net lending' by corporations, Wolf describes as a global ‘savings glut'. The notion of a “savings glut” was first mooted by former Federal Reserve chief, Ben Bernanke, back in 2005. He argued that economies like China, Japan and the oil producers had built up big surpluses on their trade accounts and these ‘excess savings' flooded into the US to buy US government bonds, so keeping interest rates low.
Martin Wolf and other Keynesians have liked this notion because it suggests that what is wrong with the world economy is that there is too much saving going on, causing a ‘lack of demand'. This is the proposition that Wolf recently pushed in his latest book.
In his book, Wolf concludes that the cause of the Great Recession “was a savings glut (or rather investment dearth); global imbalances; rising inequality and correspondingly weak growth of consumption; low real interest rates on safe assets; a search for yield; and fabrication of notionally safe, but relatively high-yielding, financial assets.”
And yet it was not falling consumption or rising savings that provoked the Great Recession, but falling investment (as even Wolf partially recognises in the quote). Investment is by far the most important part of the dynamics of a capitalist economy. As Wolf says: “companies generate a huge proportion of investment. In the six largest high-income economies (the US, Japan, Germany, France, the UK and Italy), corporations accounted for between half and just over two-thirds of gross investment in 2013 (the lowest share being in Italy and the highest in Japan).”
So is the gap between corporate savings and investment caused by a ‘glut of savings'? Well, look at the graph provided by Wolf, taken from the OECD.
With the exception of Japan, since 1998, corporate savings to GDP have been broadly flat. And for Japan, the ratio has been flat since 2004. So the gap between savings and investment cannot have been caused by rising savings. The second graph shows what has happened.
We can see that there has been a fall in the investment to GDP ratio in the major economies, with the exception of Japan, where it has been broadly flat.
So the conclusion is clear: there has NOT been a global corporate savings (or profits) ‘glut' but a dearth of investment. There is not too much profit but too little investment. The capitalist sector has reduced its investment relative to GDP since the late 1990s and particularly after the end of the Great Recession. And when you read closely the Fed paper cited by Wolf, this is also the conclusion. Gruber and Kamin demonstrate that rates of corporate investment “had fallen below levels that would have been predicted by models estimated in earlier years”.
Joseph Gruber and Steven Kamin conclude their paper with a puzzle: “what is causing this paucity of investment opportunities, and what are its implications for future investment and growth?” Wolf cites various reasons for weak corporate investment: the ageing of societies thus slowing potential growth; globalisation motivating relocation of investment from the high-income countries; technological innovation reducing the need for capital; or management not being rewarded for investing but instead for maintaining the share price.
Many of these causes have been cited before and I have discussed them in previous posts. But most interestingly, after citing the Federal Reserve paper, Wolf fails to mention the conclusion of the Fed authors on the cause of weak investment in the last 15 years. I quote: “We interpret these results as suggesting that investment in the major advanced economies has indeed weakened relative to what standard determinants would suggest, but that this process started well in advance of the GFC itself. Finally, we find that the counterpart of declines in resources devoted to investment has been rises in payouts to investors in the form of dividends and equity buybacks (often to a greater extent than predicted by models estimated through earlier periods), and, to a lesser extent, heightened net accumulation of financial assets. The strength of investor payouts suggests that increased risk aversion and a precautionary demand for financial buffers has not been the primary reason firms have cut back investment. Rather, our results are consistent with views that, for any number of reasons, there has been a decline in what firms perceive to be the availability of profitable investment opportunities”.
So the cause of weak investment in productive assets and a switch to share buybacks and dividend payments and some cash hoarding was primarily due to a perceived lack of profitability in investing in productive assets. This confirms the conclusions reached by other studies that I have cited in previous posts dealing with the fallacious argument that corporates are ‘awash with cash'.
I would suggest that we already have an answer to the question of why ‘profitable investment opportunities' are scarce. Overall profitability in the major capitalist economies peaked in the late 1990s and has not recovered to that level since. I have discussed this in a recent paper on the world rate of profit (Revisiting a world rate of profit June 2015). But here is a graph based on the work of Esteban Maito cited in that paper. Global profitability peaked in the later 1990s and has not recovered.
As a result, companies have used their ‘savings' to invest not in productive assets like factories, equipment or new technology that could boost productivity growth (which has slowed to a trickle), but instead paid out more dividends to shareholders, boosted top executive pay and bought back shares to boost their prices. And much of this has been done by multinationals borrowing more at near zero rates, while shifting cash into offshore tax havens to avoid tax.
In my view, this clearly lends support to Marx's law of the tendency of the rate of profit to fall as an explanation of weak investment in the major capitalist economies since 1998. Marx's law would suggest that any fall in the rate of profit should be accompanied by a rise in the organic composition of capital (the ratio of the value of capital equipment to the wages of the labour force) faster than any rise in the rate of surplus value (the profit extracted from the labour force). In my recent paper, I show that in the current ‘depression' period since 2000, the organic composition of capital rose 41%, well ahead of the rise in the rate of surplus value at 7%. So the rate of profit has fallen 20%. ‘Profitable investment opportunities' have shrunk.
We are told by the likes of Ben Bernanke and echoed by Martin Wolf that today's problem of ‘secular stagnation' is being caused by a ‘global savings glut' in surplus countries and even in G7 countries. In other words, there was too much surplus (value) to ‘absorb'. But this is a fallacy. There was not a ‘savings glut' but an ‘investment dearth'. As profitability fell, investment declined and growth had to be boosted by an expansion of fictitious capital (credit or debt) to drive consumption and unproductive financial and property speculation. The reason for the Great Recession and the subsequent weak recovery was not a lack of consumption (consumption as a share of GDP in the US has stayed up near 70%) but a collapse in investment.
Advertisements
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading... Related
The shocking moment a man punches a woman in the face in a horrifying road rage attack has been caught on camera.
Dwayne Pillidge posted the confronting dash cam footage to Facebook on Monday afternoon after witnessing the attack unfold.
He claims the violent incident took place at Doyalson at Lake Macquarie, about two hours north of Sydney.
Dash cam footage has captured the shocking moment a man punches a woman in the face while stopped at a traffic light
The man strikes the woman directly in the face, snapping her head backwards, and then calmly walks back to his ute
In the footage, the man can be seen stepping out of his ute at a traffic light and approaching a female passenger standing by her door with her arms crossed.
Without warning he strikes the woman in the face, snapping her head backwards with the pure force of the blow.
She recovers from the punch and steps into her car, attempting to reverse towards the man who begins to calmly walk back to his vehicle.
'This is after the woman in the front car was tossing things from her window at his car,' Mr Pillidge wrote on the Facebook post.
'I don't care what your reason, it is not OK to hit a woman.'
A woman claiming to be the victim seen in the video took to Facebook to defend herself after a huge number of men tried to justify the horrific attack.
'I don't give a f*** he hit me, don't put a babies life at risk,' she wrote.
'He tried running us off the road with a 5 month old baby in the car we tried getting away from (him but) he kept going so I got out and asked what his problem was.'
She uploaded two images showing a bruised and bloody upper lip, and said she would be taking the matter to court.
The woman who was struck in the face took to Facebook to upload images of her bruised, bloody lip and said she would be taking the matter to court
A woman claiming to have been in the driver seat of the victim's car said the man had been tailgating her with her son in the car, so she had begun throwing things at his vehicle
Another woman, believed to be in the driver seat of the same car, also took to Facebook to tell her alleged side of the story.
She admitted to throwing nails out of the car window after the man took issue with her driving and began tailgating her.
'So your saying it was ok (sic) for him to tailgate me with my son in the car, trying to run us off the road,' the woman claimed.
'But it's not ok for her to throw things at him to get him off my tail after I have merged into the opposite lane.'
A spokewoman for NSW Police told Daily Mail Australia that a woman claiming to be the person struck by the man had contacted police but not yet been interviewed.
The spokeswoman said officers were hoping to speak to her today to get a clearer idea of exactly what happened.
'However at this time no formal complaint has yet been made and so we are still appealing for any other witnesses to come forward,' she added.
'Police have seen the vision and are examining it.'
Chief Inspector Colin Lott, from the Tuggerah Lakes Local Area Command, condemned the man's actions and called for him to come forward.
'The level of violence is totally unacceptable, (but) obviously with any video footage were only getting a snapshot of a whole incident,' he told reporters.
'Assault of any sort is unacceptable especially assault to a female... it won't be tolerated.'
He said there was 'much conjecture' on social media from people who suggested 'there might have been aggravating circumstances leading up to the event.'
'We are unaware of that (aggravating circumstances) and we've had no one give us formal information to that effect,' he said.
'Ultimately, at some stage, we will be catching up with him.'
Of the nine passengers aboard the small Makani Kai Air plane flight that crashed off the shore of Molokai Wednesday night, eight survived. The lone fatality was Loretta Fuddy, infamous for her "I have seen the original records" confirmation of the long-form birth certificate of the US President in 2011. Fuddy, who was 65 years old and had served as Hawaii's state health director since January 2011, is described as "selfless, utterly dedicated, and committed" is a "terrible loss for the state".
Via USA Today,
The plane, carrying a pilot and eight passengers, went down Wednesday in the water a half mile off the Hawaiian island of Molokai, the Maui Fire Department said. The lone fatality was Loretta Fuddy, who has served as state health director since January 2011.
Fuddy, 65, made national news in April 2011 when she verified the authenticity of certified copies of President Obama's birth certificate. Obama had requested the release to curb claims by so-called "birthers" that he was born in Kenya and not eligible to be president.
...
Makani Kai Air President Richard Schuman told Honolulu-based KITV that he spoke with the pilot of the single-engine turboprop Cessna Grand Caravan after the crash. "What he reported is after takeoff ... there was catastrophic engine failure," Schuman said. "He did the best he can to bring the aircraft down safely and he got everybody out of the aircraft."
Schuman said the cause of the engine failure had not yet been determined.
Coast Guard Petty Officer Melissa McKenzie said a Coast Guard helicopter got three passengers out of the water while Maui fire crews picked up five people. One person swam ashore.
B.C.'s NDP leader is calling for a task force of experts to investigate fraud, money laundering and tax evasion, saying those are part of the root cause behind skyrocketing housing prices in the Lower Mainland.
John Horgan said Wednesday that such an “integrated task force” would bring together tax experts from the Ministry of Finance, legal experts, Crown prosecutors and others to investigate the issue of speculative investment from offshore money and whether that complies with Canadian laws.
Citing audits by the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada, Horgan said that “FINTRAC did 82 audits, and 55 of the 82 audits of the real estate market in the Lower Mainland did not comply with anti-money laundering regulations. There's no shortage of evidence. There's a problem here.”
Horgan called on the B.C. Liberal government to launch the task force, but said an NDP government would put it into action if it wins the May 2017 provincial election.
“We want to crack down on that, and we want to crack down on that right now,” said Horgan.
NDP housing critic David Eby said the task force would not be a study group or royal commission.
“This is police, crown prosecutors, auditors, Ministry of Finance working with FITRAC and the federal government to pull information together for specific prosecutions,” said Eby.
Horgan said the task force could be “self-financing” through fines and levies against those who are found to be doing wrong.
Horgan criticized the premier for not acting on the issue of foreign investment driving up housing prices, and instead playing “around the edges of the issue.”
“The root cause of affordability in housing in the Lower Mainland is speculative investment and the premier has not even mentioned that,” he said.
Horgan's announcement pre-empted Premier Christy Clark, who was scheduled to speak to media later Wednesday on her government's action on consumer protection in the real estate industry.
On Tuesday, an independent panel investigating misconduct by B.C. real estate agents called for stiffer fines to a maximum of $250,000 for individuals and $500,000 for brokerages, though critics said it did little to address the larger problem of self-regulation within B.C.'s real estate industry.
rshaw@postmedia.com
twitter.com/robshaw_vansun
In a study published last week in the journal PLOS ONE, researchers at Duke University and the University of Connecticut found that the menthol in cigarettes reduces irritation of the airways and increases a critical marker of nicotine exposure.
The finding could provide scientific evidence for the FDA as it considers whether to regulate menthol cigarettes, which are especially popular with young, beginning smokers and with minority populations, notably African-Americans. While the number of smokers has declined, the number of menthol smokers has remained steady, and menthol smokers have more difficulties quitting.
The study, conducted in mice, shows that menthol appears to suppress smoke-induced irritation, makings is easier to inhale smoke and increasing the dosage of nicotine. Due to the similarities in menthol's pharmacology in humans, the animal models suggest that beginning smokers likely prefer menthols since they feel less irritated. At the same time, these smokers are exposed to higher levels of nicotine and become addicted faster and more durably.
Dr. Sven-Eric Jordt, Ph.D.: Dr. Jordt joined the Department of Anesthesiology at Duke University Medical School from Yale University, where he directed a pain research laboratory for nine years. Jordt's laboratory at Duke focuses on mechanisms of pain, irritation, and analgesia, and on the role of peripheral sensory neurons in inflammation.
Statement: "Menthol may increase the numbers of smokers -- they get addicted quicker and have a harder time quitting. It's a tool to make people addicted."
Among China's 1.3 billion people, rising incomes are finally making large numbers of Chinese prosperous enough to make big-ticket purchases.
The question is: will they keep spending? The Beijing government is increasing consumption with rebates, subsidies and heavy bank lending. Whether China can turn the spending spree into the seeds of a true consumer society matters not just to China, but to the world.
For years, the West has pushed China to increase domestic consumption and reduce its dependence on exports — that's because its overdependence on exports has distorted global trade.
To keep its export machine humming, China kept its currency undervalued to make its goods more competitive in foreign markets. The county beggared its own citizens, keeping salaries and bank deposit interest rates artificially low to support exporters.
Photo
China's trade surpluses and extensive intervention in currency markets have led it to amass $2.27 trillion in reserves, mainly in United States Treasuries, mortgage-backed securities and other dollar-denominated investments, helping to keep interest rates low and finance Americans' borrowing. Chinese parsimony enabled American profligacy.
If the Chinese buy more and Americans save more, a more stable global economic exchange can take shape. In the meantime, China's rapid consumption growth is good news for the whole world. For the first time, China, not the United States, is a locomotive helping to pull the global economy out of a slump. But China's tiny appetite for American exports means that the main benefit has gone to commodity exporters and to businesses in China.
Automakers are on track to sell 12.8 million cars and light trucks in China this year, virtually all of them made in China (although many are foreign brands), compared with 10.3 million in the United States. Appliance manufacturers expect to sell 185 million refrigerators, washing machines and other pieces of kitchen and laundry equipment in China this year, compared with 137 million in the American market.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In desktop computers, China moved solidly ahead of the United States in the third quarter, buying 7.2 million compared with 6.6 million in the United States.
Retail sales are growing 17 percent a year in China after adjusting for inflation, almost twice as fast as the overall economy.
Americans have been cutting back on purchases of everything from shoes to furniture to jewelry. But Chinese households are crossing a series of income thresholds at which cars and other big-ticket purchases become affordable.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
At the same time, Chinese banks are stepping up consumer lending. The proportion of car sales financed with loans has doubled this year, to nearly 25 percent, although most Chinese still head for dealerships with bricks of 100-renminbi notes, each note worth about $14.62. Credit card spending rose 40 percent in the first nine months of the year compared with the same period last year, yet China still has just one credit card for every eight people, compared to two credit cards for each American man, woman and child.
While it is spreading creature comforts, China's lending-based prosperity may also be sowing the seeds of future economic problems. China's Banking Regulatory Commission recently told banks to show restraint in lending for the rest of the year, fearful that some of this year's loans could become bad debts in the next several years, as happened with the mortgage lending spree in the United States.
The regulator threatened to block banks' overseas investments and branch openings unless they can demonstrate adequate capital to cover risks.
The size of China's consumer market, notwithstanding its growth, will make it hard for China to rescue the world economy by itself. Total consumer spending in China is still less than a sixth of American consumer spending at current prices and exchange rates. That is mainly because China has relatively few restaurants, hotels and other service businesses, even as sales of manufactured goods have risen.
Photo
The average price tags on most Chinese products are much lower than in Western markets. For many products, including some in which China leads in the sheer number of goods, the total dollar value of sales in China is still smaller than in the United States.
The average new car sells for $17,000 in China compared with almost $30,000 in the United States, according to J.D. Power. This is because Chinese consumers buy more subcompacts and fewer sport utility vehicles. While the Chinese market is one-quarter larger in the number of cars sold, the American market is still about two-thirds larger in dollar terms.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Similarly, the United States market for household appliances is a third larger in dollars, even though the Chinese market is a third larger in the number of appliances. Cooking ranges in China are sold for countertop installation without a lot of other equipment, for example.
“You don't have the cook-a-turkey-in-the-oven type of product in China, because we don't have that kind of cooking,” said Philip S. Carmichael, the president of Asian operations at Haier, China's biggest appliance manufacturer.
But in some sectors, Chinese buyers are already proving more lavish than Americans. The average flat-panel television sold in China is bigger than in the United States, according to AU Optronics of Taiwan, the world's third-largest manufacturer of flat-panel televisions.
When car sales began surging early this year, many auto executives attributed the boom to government incentives. To stimulate the economy, the government has offered rebates for rural families to buy cars and household appliances, and has cut sales taxes on cars with small engines.
But the boom has broadened to categorize that barely qualify for incentives.
S.U.V. sales rose 72 percent in October from a year earlier. At Nissan, sales of cars with larger engines that do not qualify for the sales tax reduction are growing even faster than sales of small-engine cars.
Auto sales jumped 42 percent in the first 11 months of this year compared with sales in the same period last year. And sales are still accelerating, soaring 96 percent in November compared with the same month a year ago. Auto sales in the United States plunged 37 percent last month on the same basis.
China's consumers have the potential to buy even more in the years ahead. The savings rate is close to 40 percent — and will remain high unless and until Beijing creates a social safety net for things like health care or retirement, which would encourage Chinese to spend more today.
And though annual incomes still average just $2,775 a person in cities and $840 in rural areas, Western economists predict the economy will grow almost 12 percent in each of the next two years and the renminbi is widely expected to appreciate someday, further increasing consumers' buying power.
As expected, the Honor 9 was officially announced today. The majority of rumors we heard regarding the device in the past month or so were apparently correct.
The smartphone features a 5.15-inch Full HD display with 2.5D glass and is powered by the Kirin 960 chipset. It comes with 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of storage and 6 GB of RAM with either 64 or 128 GB of space. The storage can be expanded for an additional 256 GB with the help of a microSD card.
The Honor 9 comes equipped with a dual-camera setup on the back that features 20 MP (monochrome) and 12 MP (RGB) sensors. There's also an 8 MP selfie snapper on board with an f/2.0 aperture and the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Other features worth mentioning are a 3,200 mAh battery, Android 7.0 Nougat with Huawei's EMUI 5.1 on top, and an AKM Hi-Fi audio chip that promises to improve the audio experience.
The smartphone is quite easy on the eyes and has a slightly curved back that should make it sit better in the hand. It's made from a combination of metal and glass and comes in four color options: Blue, Amber Gold, Gray, and Black.
Honor's latest smartphone is already up for pre-order in China — sales kick off June 16 — where it retails for 2,299 (4GB/64GB), 2,699 (6GB/64GB), and 2,999 yuan (6GB/128GB). This comes out to around $340, $400, and $440, although the prices are expected to be higher once the device makes its way to the US.
One thing worth pointing out is that the Honor 9 looks to be very similar in terms of specs to the Huawei P10, which was announced in February at MWC. The differences are that the Honor 9 doesn't have the Leica-branded camera setup, has 2 GB of RAM more, and obviously looks quite a bit different. A big difference between the two is also the price, as the Huawei P10 starts at 3,788 yuan (4GB/64GB) in China, which is around $555.
What do you think about the Honor 9? Would you consider buying it? Let us know down below.
An innovative cell therapy against a highly aggressive form of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) continues to show highly promising results in children treated in a pilot study. Ninety-two percent of the 39 children receiving bioengineered T cells had no evidence of cancer at one month after treatment, with this complete response persisting in some cases for more than two years. The personalized cell therapy reprograms a patient's immune system and offers the potential of long-term success.
"As we continue to follow children in this study, we see exciting results for patients who have exhausted their other treatment options," said study leader Stephan A. Grupp, M.D., Ph.D., a pediatric oncologist at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and a Professor of Pediatrics at the Perelman School of Medicine of the University of Pennsylvania. Grupp described outcomes and follow-up results of this pilot clinical trial for pediatric patients with ALL in a press program today at the annual meeting of the American Society of Hematology (ASH) in San Francisco.
Grupp, first author Shannon Maude, M.D., Ph.D., a pediatric oncologist at CHOP and Assistant Professor of Pediatrics at the Perelman School of Medicine of the University of Pennsylvania, and colleagues reported today that of the 39 children treated, 36 (92%) had complete responses one month after treatment. Of those 36 patients, 25 (69%) remained in remission at a median follow-up of 6 months after treatment. There were 10 relapses among the 36 patients with complete responses; 5 of the relapsed patients died.
Grupp is an ongoing collaborator with colleagues at Penn Medicine, led by Carl H. June, M.D., who offer this personalized cell therapy as a treatment for adult patients with other types of cancer.
ALL is the most common childhood cancer and the most common childhood leukemia.
All the patients had high-risk ALL that recurred after initial treatment or resisted that treatment from the start. Patients received bioengineered "hunter" T cells called CTL019 cells.
Dr. Stephan A. Grupp is a pediatric oncologist and researcher at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
(Photo Credit: The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia)
The first child to undergo this therapy, 9-year-old Emily Whitehead, remains cancer-free since her T cell treatment in April 2012, and continues to enjoy normal childhood activities like going to school and playing with her dog, Lucy. Emily has appeared prominently in news stories since her doctors announced dramatic findings during the December 2012 ASH meeting.
A relatively new approach in cancer treatment, this type of immunotherapy modifies T cells, the workhorses of the body's immune system, to attack B cells, other immune cells that become cancerous in specific leukemias such as ALL. Bioengineered T cells, called CTL019 cells, function as cancer hunters, killing the leukemia cells that normally evade regular T cell surveillance. Researchers first extract a patient's own T cells. They then use bioengineering techniques to reprogram each patient's T cells into chimeric antigen receptor cells--the CTL019 cells--custom-designed to bind to a protein called CD19 that exists only on the surface of B cells. After being returned to the patient's body, the CTL019 cells proliferate and then eliminate B cells. Moreover, they persist in the circulation, helping to guard against the cancer's recurrence.
As the CTL019 cells potently attack leukemia cells, they also stimulate an unwanted, toxic immune response called cytokine release syndrome in patients. The care team successfully counteracted these side effects with an immunomodulating drug that had never been used for that purpose before, an approach which now has been adopted widely by cell therapy groups. In addition, because the CTL019 therapy eliminates healthy B cells along with cancerous B cells, patients must receive infusions of immunoglobin to perform the immune function provided by normal B cells.
"Our results show that these engineered "hunter" cells greatly expand in patients, producing very high complete response rates that then persist in patients, potentially allowing for long-term disease control," said Grupp. "Our next step is to conduct a Phase II, multi-site trial to assess safety and efficacy in multiple centers, which is now underway."
This past July, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration designated the CTL019 approach as a Breakthrough Therapy, helping to expedite its progress into broader clinical trials.
In August 2012, Novartis acquired exclusive rights from Penn to CTL019. Several authors from Novartis are co-authors of the abstracts presented by Grupp and others at the ASH meeting.
Source: Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
How Are Sharks Less Dangerous than Vending Machines? An Exercise in Conditional Risk
Did you know that vending machines, not a major danger in most of our minds, are twice as likely to kill you as a shark? I heard this statistic at the new shark-and-ray touch tank of the New England Aquarium, which I try to visit weekly with my daughters. You stand at a large, shallow tank with plexiglass walls and can lay your hand in the water, gently feeling the sharks and sting rays swimming by.
The aquarium probably wants to convince visitors that sharks are not the fierce predators of Jaws fame, and thereby help protect sharks from hunting and extinction. Although I could admire this motive, the comparison always surprised me. My number sense complained that sharks simply must be more dangerous than vending machines.
However, upon looking up the risks, I found that the comparison was correct. The yearly risk (in the United States) of dying from a shark attack is roughly 1 in 250 million. In contrast, the yearly risk of dying from a vending machine accident is roughly 1 in 112 million. The vending machine is indeed roughly twice as lethal as the shark!
Why then was I still troubled by the comparison? Maybe my number sense needed a tune up, and I should just accept the statistical facts of life. I then started thinking about it using the method of easy cases. This method, along with proportional reasoning (the tool in this post about colonial-era literacy), is one of my favorite tools for developing what I like to call number-sight: the ability to see connections among (and make sense of) the myriad numbers around us.
The easiest case is often an extreme one. My own extreme case of shark-attack risk happened while teaching at the African Institute for Mathematical Sciences, in Cape Town, South Africa. The institute is right on the beach, so one day I tried learning to surf (with more emphasis on “try” than on “learn”). I soon heard whistles from the lifeguards. Because the water was packed with swimmers, I assumed that swimmers were going too far out. That's what the whistles meant on the New Jersey beaches in my childhood. As an adult who knew how to swim, why worry? After returning to shore, I learned that the whistle was warning everyone of a great white shark that had been sighted swimming around the bay. It was probably the same shark that had bitten the leg off a surfer a few months earlier.
Don't tell me that, while surfing in that bay on that day, a vending machine posed more danger to me than that great white shark! From this extreme case, I realized the problem with the comparison. These statistics are averaged over everyone in the United States. In most places in the U.S., such as Kansas, people are nowhere near a body of water with sharks. The comparison of the risk to a vending machine, while true as far as it goes, ignores highly relevant information—such as whether one is swimming in the same bay as a shark.
The comparison also ignores important information about vending machines. After all, how do people die from a vending machine? Vending machines are not known carcinogens. I imagine that the machine takes someone's money and malfunctions. The customer then shakes it to free the snack, whereupon the machine tips over and crushes the hot-tempered purchaser. As the doctors say, “Don't do that then!” Keeping cool in this difficult situation probably reduces the vending-machine death risk to zero.
This problem of implicit but essential statistical information is wonderfully illustrated in this XKCD cartoon:
(used under XKCD's license)
Playboi Carti Arrested at LAX For Domestic Battery of GF
Rapper Playboi Carti Arrested at LAX for Domestic Battery of Girlfriend
EXCLUSIVE
1:25 PM PT -- According to the police report ... the female in the incident was Playboi's girlfriend of 3 years from Atlanta. She told cops their argument started because he wanted her to call her mother to check in, but she didn't want to.
Carti told cops he snatched his girlfriend's phone from her hands and did grab her by her backpack to pull her out of the terminal. He says she hit him, but he was not injured. Another witness says she slapped him in the face.
The witness who called the cops said she saw a red mark on the gf's chest from Carti pulling her by the backpack straps ... but cops didn't see any physical injuries on either of them. Playboi Carti allegedly got into it with a woman as they were leaving the airport ... and then got hauled away by cops.
Law enforcement sources tell TMZ witnesses told them the rapper -- known for his hit track "Magnolia" -- began arguing with a woman as they were exiting the terminal late Thursday night. We're told they began pushing each other, then he pushed her outside, grabbed her backpack and forced her into an Uber.
Carti was arrested shortly after the fracas for misdemeanor domestic battery. The woman was not arrested. He posted bail of $20k and was released early Friday morning.
Playboi was recently named as one of the 10 of XXL's "2017 Freshman Class."
Shinzo Abe is also expected to have his first official bilateral summit with Park Geun-hye.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye was in Beijing this week for China's military parade, and for a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. During their talks, South Korea's Cheong Wa Dae revealed, Xi and Park agreed to hold a China-Japan-South Korea “trilateral summit in Korea at a mutually convenient date sometime at the end of October or the beginning of November.”
The announcement corresponds with previous reports that the three countries would hold a trilateral summit before the end of 2015. It will be the first such meeting since May 2012. Before that three-year gap, summits were held annually from 2008-2012.
While the announcement came after a bilateral meeting Park and Xi, Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga suggested that Abe would be receptive. Japan “will continue communications with China and South Korea and work out a specific timing and venue,” Suga said, according to Kyodo News. He added that the leaders would likely discuss environmental issues and disaster risk reduction, as well as regional issues like North Korea's nuclear program.
Japanese media also reported that the first official bilateral meeting between Abe and Park will take place on the sidelines of the trilateral summit. Such bilateral pairings are customary on the sidelines of the trilateral forum, and Suga said Abe “would be happy to receive an offer” for bilateral talks with South Korea. Kyodo News expects historical problems (including the Japan-South Korea friction over the “comfort women” issue) to be on the agenda in addition to more security-minded issues.
The Korea Herald noted that holding a trilateral summit allowed South Korea to make progress on Japan relations “in a way that least offends South Koreans who still resent the neighboring country for its brutal colonial rule from 1910-45.” Historical issues have been a sticking point in the South Korea-Japan relationship since Park came to office, and negotiations on a solution to the “comfort women” issue have made little progress.
While media reports suggest that Xi will take part in the summit, all the previous iterations saw China represented by its prime minister (Wen Jiabao, at the time), not by its president. That implies that Li Keqiang, not Xi, would travel to Seoul for the summit — unless Beijing wants to give the dialogue mechanism an upgrade through Xi's presence.
I've never been into boy bands. Early on in life, my musical preferences drifted towards harder and more anti-authoritative music. I grew up on tunes from The Ramones, Sex Pistols, Iggy Pop, and later drifted towards Fugazi, Nirvana, and Green Day, with NWA and Ice T thrown into the mix. But somehow, I found myself sitting in the audience for an advanced screening of boy band One Direction's new film “This is Us” with my seven year old daughter.
From the moment I was invited, I was convinced that I wasn't going to enjoy the film. I knew very little about One Direction before I saw the movie, but I did know that Simon Cowell had a hand in their coming together and I saw them perform on SNL. I also knew a couple of their songs because my kids and I dance to the radio almost every morning and One Direction's music always comes on. I'm also a fan of Morgan Spurlock's style of documentaries, so I knew the film would at least be well made. With little expectations, I figured I'd go and use the screening as an opportunity to have a daddy-daughter day.
Five minutes into the film, I'm laughing out loud.
Ten minutes into the film, I'm actually caring about these five boys.
Fifteen minutes into the film, I'm hoping there's more concert footage of the band.
To say that I enjoyed the film is an understatement. When I got home, my wife found it humorous that I couldn't stop talking about the movie or the group. As the movie progressed, I could see why Simon Cowell chose these five guys for the group. They weren't chosen merely because they can sing, but each one of them is quite an entertaining fellow and all have a quick wit. From the beginning of the film, Spurlock captures their sense of humor by filming their many shenanigans, such as pestering their poor security guards and passing gas on the tour bus. Actually, they seem to enjoy being smelly and it seems to be a theme for much of the film.
I was also impressed with how grounded the young men seem. And you can tell where they get it from. The moments when their parents are on screen are sweet and it was touching to watch them tear up when they talk about their kids. When one of the fathers discussed how his son left when he was 16 to be on The X Factor and never came home, I had to give my daughter a little hug. It was those moments with the parents that allowed you to get a little closer to the band. You see them not just as rock stars, but as sons that are like everyone else. Very smelly sons. Only these sons have a million girls screaming at them every moment of their lives.
At times during the film I also felt bad for them. One of the band members wonders how real the relationships will be with others. Will people like him for who he really is or will he be liked only for his fame? That high level of fame was captured in a scene when they went for a walk down the street and had to hole up inside a Footlocker store. Simply going for a walk is out of the question for these guys.
Between the scenes with the parents and the constant threat of being torn to pieces by screaming girls, my heart went out to these guys. When they got into this, I'm sure they hoped for a high level of fame, but probably didn't realize the cost of such fame. That being said, each one seems to be handling their success quite well.
I'm not going to recommend this film to those screaming girls, because they'll see it anyway. Instead, I'll speak to the parents of those screaming girls. If you are going to have a daughter scream her head off for a band, this would be a good one. By watching the film, you'll get an idea of who they are and where they've come from. And maybe, just maybe you might become a “Directioner” yourself.
This is Us opens August 30, 2013 and is rated PG for mild language.
To read about my Q and A with Morgan Spurlock, click here.
To read about what it was like to take my daughter to the screening, click here.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
Pocket
Veterans who have served their country honorably can apply for a reduction in taxes if they are willing to work for it.
Veterans who have served their country honorably can apply for a reduction in taxes if they are willing to work for it.
Veterans can qualify for up to $600 off their property tax bills if they volunteer their services to the town for up to 75 hours through Sept. 30.
The state-approved Valor Act, a new Veteran's Work-off Program for Carver veterans, was approved at Town Meeting last year. The savings will be reflected in the tax bills that go out Jan. 1, 2015.
Director of Assessing Ellen Blanchard believes that veterans should have this type of program available to them for all they have done for their country.
“They are volunteering their services in exchange for a reduction in their property taxes,” she said. “It's a nice benefit we can offer our veterans.”
The new program was approved at Town Meeting last year. While one veteran signed up soon after Town Meeting, a total of 10 spots are open to eligible veterans this year. Blanchard said she hopes the number of veterans can increase after this first year.
Possible jobs include working at the DPW garage washing town vehicles and office cleaning. Blanchard said veterans can work on all sorts of projects.
The program is open to any veteran with a DD-214 whose condition of service is other than dishonorable. A CORI check is required. A veteran, as defined by the state, must have served a minimum of 90 days on active duty, not counting active duty for training.
Veterans who were dishonorably discharged do not qualify. Veterans who are employees of the town are not eligible. Only one veteran per household can participate in the program. Veterans with qualified handicaps as determined by the Americans With Disabilities Act can designate a family to do the work.
The deadline to apply to participate in the program is Friday, Jan. 31. To sign up, or for more information, contact the assessors office at 508-866-3410. Applications are available at Town Hall and on the assessor's page on the town's website at carverma.org.
Follow Kathryn Gallerani on Twitter, @kgallreporter.
After NBC 4 New York viewers reported feeling more sonic booms along the New Jersey coast Monday, a military official confirmed the Department of Defense was again conducting flight tests and training in the area.
The reports came from Brigantine and Barnegat at about 1:45 p.m.
A spokeswoman with the Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland confirmed it had flights over the Atlantic Ocean there around that time, and that other military, Navy and Air Force aircraft were also out there, "as they are on any given day for training," she said in an email.
The flights took place in the same test track where the sonic booms happened last week. Those were more widely felt, prompting multiple reports of rumbles and house-shaking to flood in from the southern Jersey Shore to Long Island and the Connecticut coast.
U.S. Geological Survey officials say last week's sonic booms -- created when an aircraft breaks the sound barrier by traveling more than 768 mph -- were first recorded 8 miles south of Jackson, New Jersey. Eight other spikes were reported at multiple stations in southern New Jersey.
An Amityville, Long Island woman said she felt earthquake-like vibrations getting stronger, sending at least six pulses through her home.
"I actually felt it in me," said Diane Bates. "It was a sensation that I've never experienced before."
A college's academic status may be determined as much by the teams it regularly meets on the football field as on the lectures and lessons taking place in its classrooms, according to a recently published study from researchers at Stanford University and University of Iowa.
“Our work shows that football is not an adjunct to the academic business of a university — it's a part of that business,” said Mitchell Stevens, a study co-author who is associate professor of education at Stanford. “Football doesn't corrode a school's academic reputation. It enhances it. Contrary to what many academic professionals believe, academic and athletic reputations are not antagonistic. They're complementary.”
In the study in the July issue of the journal Sociology of Education, Stevens and two colleagues find that intercollegiate football leagues are composed of schools that tend to be similar in measures of academic reputation. What's more, over time, scores assessing the academic reputation of schools admitted to any given league come closer and closer to the scores of those already in that league. “This reputation convergence seems to be independent of change in underlying academic quality,” said Stevens.
The findings add another element in considering the potential effects of two developments last week: the Aug. 7 NCAA board of directors' vote to give greater recruitment latitude to five of its most prominent conferences and the Aug. 8 federal court ruling to loosen restrictions on compensating athletes. (Both the NCAA decision and court ruling are under review.)
“While there is little question that the revenue-generating capacity of big-time college football is the main driver of the NCAA board's decision, schools in those five conferences [the Big Ten, Big 12, Pac-12, Atlantic Coast and Southeastern Conferences] may also be gaming their academic reputations,” said Stevens. “Now that a new category of football conferences could be created, we may well see it further improve perceptions of the academic caliber of the member schools.”
In the United States more than anywhere else in the world, academics and athletics have long been linked. Yet while American educators and social scientists have written volumes on how universities manage their academic reputations, there has been relatively little on how athletics contributes to prestige. Stevens and his colleagues, Stanford researcher Arik Lifschitz and University of Iowa sociologist Michael Sauder, set out to explore the question.
For the study, the three scholars created and analyzed a comprehensive dataset linking information about school characteristics, conference affiliation, football performance and academic reputation (as measured by US News and World Report). Looking to understand how a successful football program affects status, they explored data on 283 American universities from 1896 to 2013 — all of them present or former members of the conferences included in the NCAA's two top subdivisions.
The researchers found that all of the widely publicized recent entries to the Big Ten, Pac-12 and Southeastern conferences, for example, are schools closely comparable in terms of US News reputation scores to the standing members. “And, of course, the most academically prestigious league in the country, the Ivy League, has offered membership to no additional school since its formation in 1956,” said Stevens. “That exclusivity is not based on sports alone.”
Moreover, Stevens and his colleagues discovered that the academic reputation scores of schools entering a given league move closer to their league average at a rate of 3 percent per year. “This may seem like a modest increment, but in the cutthroat competition for higher places in the academic pecking order, there are no small gains or losses,” said Stevens, a member of the faculty of Stanford Graduate School of Education.
That competition, observe the researchers in their paper, goes back to the 19th century, when hundreds of colleges were created on the moving frontiers of a growing America: first in New England, then the South and upper Midwest, and ultimately all the way to the Pacific. People built schools to improve the lives of locals, demonstrate their sophistication to Easterners and Europeans, and train clergy for myriad religious denominations.
By the close of the 19th century, the result was a surplus of schools. “That created a fierce competition for students whose families were willing to pay tuition for dry classical curriculum,” said Stevens. How to distinguish one's own institution in a crowded educational marketplace became an important priority for college leaders then — as now.
One solution was the encouragement of athletic competition, specifically football. “Football made college much more enjoyable, and frankly more macho, for the young men who were early higher education's primary clientele,” explained Stevens, whose work in this arena began with the publication of his 2007 book, Creating a Class, in which he devoted a chapter to why colleges favor athletes in the admissions process. As the researchers note, the choice of opponents on the athletic field has long enabled institutions to define themselves as particular kinds of schools, exclusive of all but a few carefully chosen rivals.
The analysis in this recent paper helps to explain why so many schools spend money on football programs even when they lose money. “If a school's reputation is implicated in whom it meets on the football field,” the authors write, “then supporting intercollegiate play can have important status benefits beyond any direct financial reward.”
So what might the new super-leagues do to academic reputations? Stevens believes it will probably enhance them. As he sees it, the new system will create even more public visibility for the member schools, enhancing the spotlight that enables academic assets to shine alongside the sports. “It's been the American way for over a hundred years,” Stevens said. “Football brings fame to the faculty.”
Marguerite Rigoglioso writes frequently for Stanford Graduate School of Education.
loveisthelaw Senior Member
Join Date: Feb 2010 Location: UK Posts: 5,721 Likes: 2 (2 Posts)
Quote: sweetrebel Originally Posted by People often tell me I read into things too much, usually It's because Im looking at something they don't want me to see !
I don't read into things too much, I don't have too, I just stay true to one thing.. & the rest is crystal clear !
Your comments, quote & assumptions are only inspiration for me to stir the pot, In the name of Love, Freedom of choice & Do what ever the fuck thou wilt..
I would have thought a senior member of this site would prefer to stick with the original theme.. multitask conversation ?
1- they are secretly trying to promote sex with animals and children
2- they are sharing a crude set of jokes by some crude thinking, dirty minded males
i see potential for either, but rather err on the side of positive rather than dull my mind into negative vibes.
there is likely a time in my life that i have listened to and laughed at, or perhaps even said an animal sex or child related joke that may be distasteful, but im certainly not a pedo, nor do i have sex with animals. some of my lays have been a bit ruff tho, I'm sure!
you are what you think and if you want to think nasty, negative doomporn things and project that out into the universe, feel totally free to do so, i choose not to. being able to make that distinction is probably why i am a "senior member" of this forum.... (not that that comment makes any sense, whether I have made 1 or 1 million posts)
i never told you what to think, I suggested you might be jumping to conclusions that have no real evidence other than guesswork; but if guesswork is enough for you, then have your fill. well, you could take it two ways:1- they are secretly trying to promote sex with animals and children2- they are sharing a crude set of jokes by some crude thinking, dirty minded malesi see potential for either, but rather err on the side of positive rather than dull my mind into negative vibes.there is likely a time in my life that i have listened to and laughed at, or perhaps even said an animal sex or child related joke that may be distasteful, but im certainly not a pedo, nor do i have sex with animals. some of my lays have been a bit ruff tho, I'm sure!you are what you think and if you want to think nasty, negative doomporn things and project that out into the universe, feel totally free to do so, i choose not to. being able to make that distinction is probably why i am a "senior member" of this forum.... (not that that comment makes any sense, whether I have made 1 or 1 million posts)i never told you what to think, I suggested you might be jumping to conclusions that have no real evidence other than guesswork; but if guesswork is enough for you, then have your fill.
All things by immortal power, near and far.
Hiddenly, to each other linked are.
Thou canst not stir a flower, without troubling of a star!
wouldn't it be terrible to never in your life have had anything important enough to risk it all for.
__________________ Last edited by loveisthelaw; 05-07-2013 at 10:52 PM .
The Associated Press reported Sunday that in 2012, for the first time ever, blacks voted at a higher rate than whites. That's an eye-catching headline, and it's reverberated across the Internet. But a closer look suggests a little more skepticism may be warranted.
William Frey, the Brookings Institution demographer who conducted parts of the analysis for the AP, told msnbc.com he wasn't willing to say definitively that black turnout exceeded white turnout in 2012, because the numbers needed for such a calculation aren't yet available for 2012. “That's what they wanted to say, not me,” Frey said, referring to the AP.
Frey made clear he wasn't claiming the finding was false, but rather was simply being cautious until the Census Bureau releases additional figures next month.
In addition to Frey's analysis, the AP cited material from other scholars, as well as a Pew Research Center report, and interviews with Census officials, in reaching its conclusions.
The Pew report, released in December, using Census data, found that in 2008, white voters outperformed black voters by a slim margin: 66.1% of eligible white voters turned out that year, compared to 65.2% of eligible blacks. Pew found that white turnout appears to have declined from 2008 to 2012, and that there appears to have been little decline in black turnout. In both 2008 and 2012, blacks made up 12% of eligible voters, but 13% of the actual electorate, Pew found, based on exit poll data.
“Did the turnout rate of blacks exceed that of whites this year for the first time ever?,” Pew's report asked. “For now, there's circumstantial evidence but no conclusive proof. And there'll be no clear verdict until next spring, when the U.S. Census Bureau publishes findings from its biannual post-election survey on voter turnout.”
Using what it described as “rough calculations,” the AP analysis puts the number by which white voter turnout decreased from 2008 to 2012 at between 2 million and 5 million. But beyond that, it offers little to advance Pew's findings on the question of whether blacks turned out at a higher rate than whites in 2012.
“It was the consensus of experts on voting and demographics based on information they reviewed—including state turnout data, exit polling, and other information—that this was the most likely conclusion,” Jim Drinkard, the AP editor who edited the story, told msnbc.
Frey did calculate that had the racial breakdown of the electorate looked like it did in 2004—when black turnout was significantly lower than last year or 2008—Mitt Romney would have narrowly been elected president.
Data-parsing aside, what's clear is that in the last two presidential elections, blacks and whites turned out at roughly the same rate. Coming less than 50 years after systematic efforts to prevent blacks from voting were banned by the Voting Rights Act, that's a historic milestone. The Supreme Court is set to rule in June on whether to strike down a key provision of the 1965 law.
The news also bolsters the case that the Republican effort to make voting harder for racial minorities—including strict photo ID laws, cutbacks to early voting, and purges of voting rolls—may have backfired, by stoking outrage in the African-American community in particular.
“It made the case very clear-cut to people about what was happening,” Marvin Randolph, the NAACP's vice president for campaigns, told msnbc.com. “We could say to people: This is a poll tax.”
“Politics is a lot like physics,” Randolph added. ”Every action has an equal and opposite reaction.”
Jon Fishman on Coventry: “I thought we were never coming back”
On March 5, the Syracuse Area Music Awards will honor Phish drummer Jon Fishman with the Lifetime Achievement Award, an accolade earned by just 18 artists including Ronnie James Dio, Dick Clark and Jimmy Van Huesen.
On the honor, Fishman told Syracuse.com, “I'm a little embarrassed. Let's put it this way: My dad, who has donated tons of of his time, is way more deserving of a lifetime achievement award. My friend Roger is…at the forefront of figuring out ALS. My wife has raised five kids…Everybody else in that room deserves a lifetime achievement award for what they've done…Do I deserve a lifetime achievement award for being the luckiest kid in the world?”
Throughout the interview, Fishman reflected on various points of Phish's career. Noting the band's December 30, 1994 show at Madison Square Garden. “There's the marquee that says ‘Madison Square Garden welcomes Phish'. It's a big moment. After the concert [my Dad] comes to me and goes, ‘I'm really glad you stuck to your guns.'”
He also spoke about the band's farewell shows at Coventry in 2004, calling it “the real crash and burn.” He added, “I thought we were never coming back. How many bands have we seen come and go in a heartbeat?”
What if you could compare hospital and doctor's fees the way you could shop for something online?
For those expenses you pay out of pocket, it would make a huge difference. In theory, providers would compete to offer the highest-quality service at the lowest cost and would likely be "star" rated by consumers the way they are on hundreds of online sites.
That begs a critical question: Will the 2.2 million Americans who signed up for insurance through the Affordable Care Act – including some 1.8 million added just last month – be more demanding consumers?
Given the notorious black box nature of U.S. health care – most patients have no idea what a service costs – such an idea seems unlikely and new tools to pry open medical pricing vaults may seem like a pipe dream of some tech-savvy entrepreneur.
Related: When Will We Finally Know What Our Health Care Really Costs?
There have been some attempts to make the mountain of provider data user friendly, but it's uneven. Healthgrades, for example, rates hospitals and doctors – highlighting doctor backgrounds and hospital safety information – but doesn't provide any pricing guidance. You can easily find specialists, scan their medical training and even see if they've had blots in their professional records. How much do they charge? That's not on the site.
Hospital pricing is available through the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, but it only tells you what institutions are charging the government for Medicare and Medicaid patients. That's not particularly helpful if you are privately insured, covered by a company plan or a policy offered through the new state and federal policies.
What would be ideal is a mobile phone application that allows you to plug in a zip code, scan highly rated doctors, hospitals and clinics and see what they charge for basic services such as office visits, X-rays and other common tests and procedures. You'd have to same ability to shop for medical services the way you would for appliances, computers or gasoline.
For those facing out-of-pocket costs, such a service could save thousands of dollars.
What Would a Market-Driven System Look Like?
In an ideal world, medical service pricing would resemble what Amazon.com does with outside vendors. They are all rated and compete mightily on cost and service. None of them want a lower star rating or bad consumer reviews, so they bend over backwards to see that you're treated well.
A market-driven system driven by technology would increase transparency and reduce costs.
Displaying costs from various providers also might stem the huge disparity on pricing. It's well known that U.S. health care consumers spend more on medical care than residents of other affluent countries. Part of the reason is the opaque nature of the U.S. system and the fact that providers benefit from the lack of price discovery.
The Commonwealth Fund, a think tank that focuses on "a high-performing" health care system, found that:
The average cost for a day in a U.S. hospital is $4,287; in France, it's $853. The total price for a normal birth is nearly $10,000 in the U.S.; in the United Kingdom, it's $2,641. A knee replacement? Over $25,000 here — more than twice the cost in Switzerland. The price discrepancy extends to doctors' bills, too. U.S. physicians receive substantially more for office visits — for example, by Medicare and Medicaid — than their counterparts in other high-income countries. To make matters worse, prices for the same services, such as lab tests or mammograms, vary significantly between providers, even in the same city or county.
Although U.S. health care consumers won't be able to get their local doctors and hospitals to compete with single-payer programs in Europe, a market-driven system would force them to compete more effectively with each other. In one sense, that's already happening, although it's not been widely reported.
Under direct pressure from insurers and indirectly from the introduction of the Affordable Care Act – adding millions of new health insurance customers through private policies – pricing has been under the gun.
Related: Has the U.S. Found a Cure for Rising Health Costs?
Insurers running health care networks want the best prices and have moved to either exclude high-priced providers or negotiate lower bulk discounts for policyholders. So, absent consumer pressure, hospitals and doctors may already be in the throes of an insurer-driven price battle. Notes Jonathan Cohn in The New Republic:
Story continues
Usually referred to as one of the eight spectacles of Lanyang (蘭陽八景), Jiaoxi (礁溪) is home to a renowned hot spring. Extremely rich in sodium, magnesium, calcium, potassium, and carbonic acid ions, Jiaosi's rare sodium bicarbonate hot spring is famous worldwide.
Please watch the following video about Jiaoxi in northern Taiwan:
Thanks to the completion of the Hsuehshan Tunnel, the world's ninth longest road tunnel (8.042 miles or 12.942 kilometers long) that took 15 years to complete, Jiaoxi has become one of the most popular tourist destinations in Taiwan.
With a temperature around 50° C, the hot spring in Jiaoxi is colorless and odorless. Taking a soak in a pool can leave your skin feeling soft and smooth.
Since hot spring water is colloquially referred to as “soup (湯)” in Chinese, the finest mineral-rich hot spring in Jiaoxi is known as “Beautiful Lady Soup (美人湯).” Taking a dip in the hot spring in Jiaoxi is a soothing and relaxing experience that would make anyone feel beautiful.
In recent years, modern hotels and restaurants have sprung up across the small township located in Yilan County in northern Taiwan.
A number of distinctive hot spring foot soaking ponds (溫泉泡腳池) have also been built at the Tangweigou Hot Spring Park (湯圍溝溫泉公園) and Jiaoxi Hot Springs Park (礁溪溫泉公園). Visitors can relax and enjoy a soothing foot soaking in the open streams of hot spring water running through the parks.
What's even more interesting is the “Doctor Fish Foot Spas” (溫泉魚足浴), where visitors can soak their feet in fish ponds and let small golden fish clean their feet. The bites from the small fish don't hurt, but just leave visitors' feet with a slight tingling feeling. At a cost of only about US$2.5 per hour, it's fun to try!
After enjoying the hot spring in Jiaoxi, another unforgettable experience is the nearby Artemis Garden (香草菲菲), which is the first large botanical garden in Taiwan with the theme of “fragrance.” The greenhouse, with various beautiful plants and flowers, is bright with natural light. Visitors can also enjoy a buffet lunch in the cozy ambiance.
With an area of 26.9 acres (10.9 hectares), including an indoor space of 14.2 acres (5.8 hectares), Artemis Garden was established in 2012 by a private foundation. Aiming to introducing various kinds of natural and cultural information regarding fragrances to the public, the garden's main building is often referred to as the “White House of Yilan” because it is pure white and made of steel, glass, and wood.
Follow us on Twitter or subscribe to our weekly email
The ondol, Korea's traditional underfloor heating system, has not only heated the houses of Korea for thousands of years, it has also, by its very use, shaped and landscaped Korean culture and lifestyle as we witness and experience it to this very day.
The first documented usage of the ondol in Korea's history has been recorded at an archaeological site in Unggi, Hamgyeongbuk-do, in present-day North Korea. This particular find of the ondolhas been dated as far back as the Bronze Age, circa 1000 B.C.E. The word ondol, meaning “warm stone,” was not always the term used to describe Korea's traditional underfloor heating system. The term gudeul, which has the same meaning as ondol, has been recorded as the term used colloquially for the modern day ondol in Korea for over two thousand years. Korean historians have recorded the use of ondol in traditional Korean housing, called hanok, as beginning around the end of the 19th century.
Korean homes use the ondol heating system to warm their houses against the bitter cold that resides in Korea during the winter months. The primary difference between today's heating systems and the original ondol is that today a homeowner can turn his heating system on by a flick of a switch, whereas traditionally the initial heat would have to be generated by lighting a fire. The principles, however, remain the same. The ondol warms a home by transferring heat via under-floor flues, or passages.
This system is unique in its method because it heats a room, or living space, from the outside, as opposed to the typical Western-style heating system, which dictates that the heat should come from inside the room which you are trying to heat. It achieves this, heating a space from outside, through its structure. Each part of its structure provides a specific service; a synergy takes place. Firstly, the heat is created in agungi, a furnace, located in the kitchen, where firewood is burned. The hot air is filtered through horizontal flue passageways that run beneath the room's floor, connecting the burning furnace to the chimney located at the opposite side of the house. Hot air could then move along the flues, heating the stone,ondol and mud floor.
For this process to succeed, two conflicting requirements had to be met. For the fuel to burn well, its smoke had to pass quickly through the flues and go out of the chimney for any heat to generate under the floors. Flues that were straight and short were best for that purpose. For the heat from the fire to warm the floor, however, the hot air and smoke had to stay in the flues as long as possible. To accomplish this, the flues were made to cover the area under the whole floor, thus preventing the hot air from going out through the chimney too quickly. Thus, the heat would circulate the room as much as possible before exiting through the chimney.
Dealing with a dangerous element such as fire brought its difficulties, such as the potential for the flames coming from a burning furnace to damage the house itself. To overcome such a difficulty, Korea's ancestors, remarkably, divided the flame from the smoke. The flame would be sent horizontally, against its very nature to rise vertically. This was achieved by having a flue entry located beside the furnace. This was essential as it would not allow the smoke to travel upward, causing the flame to go out too soon. And as the flame would pass through the flue entrance, it would be guided through the network of passages with the smoke.
Traditionally, the ondolwas used primarily for two things, heating a home and cooking. With the latter, when a fire was lighted in the furnace to cook rice for dinner, the heat would not only cook the rice as was expected, but the heat would remain inside the home until the next morning, thus keeping the house warm throughout the night. The smoke, in addition, was put to its maximum usage.
Traditional Korean houses, hanok, due to being constructed with wood primarily, were extremely prone to insects, fungi, bacteria and other worrying hygienic problems attacking a home. However, by lighting a fire, thus causing smoke, the smoke would become a natural sanitizer for the home, killing germs and bacteria as it filtered through the flues. It is incredible to think that the ancestors of Korea, thousands of years ago, were equipped with the knowledge and wisdom to use one of the elements to its full potential, turning a natural danger, fire, into something that both heats and sanitizes a home all at once.
We cannot but admire the ondol system, particularly if you come from the “Western world”, where the individual home relies on oil, a natural resource in diminishing supply but in high demand, to heat homes. The ondol also retains more heat than lighting a fire inside the room you intend to heat. It achieves this as the smoke never enters the room, it remains in the flues.
On a final note, it cannot be stressed enough just how pivotal the ondol system was in landscaping Korean culture and lifestyle. This is evidenced the first time you arrived in Korea and enter a living space or restaurant. The first thing you do is take off your shoes, and more than likely, you sit down on the floor. When you become aware of the ondol heating system, it is logical and makes perfect sense as to why Korean people sit on the floor, for the floor is warmer than the air that is circulating around, thus sitting on a chair would not be as comfortable as sitting on the floor.
The ondol heating system is distinctly Korean. It dates back to the pre-historic age, and as a consequence it is embedded into Korean folklore and tradition. It is remarkable how intuitive and clever Korean ancestors were when creating such a dynamic piece of architecture. It has also given added comfort to one of Korea's unique and distinctive cultural traits, using the floor as the social space, and not a higher table and chairs, to come together to talk, eat and share in one another's company. This is, I am sure, something we all treasure about Korea.
Starting with everyone's favorite blue short kid from Academia!
SPEF-JP020 Death Toy Hacken Kraken / Frightfur Kraken
Level 8 WATER Fiend-Type Fusion Effect Monster
ATK 2200
DEF 3000
Fusion Materials: 1 “Edge Imp” monster + 1 “Fluffal” monster
(1) Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; send that monster to the Graveyard. During the turn you activate this effect, this card cannot attack directly.
(2) This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
(3) At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked: You can change it to Defense Position.
SPEF-JP014 Furnimal Octo / Fluffal Octo
Level 1 WATER Fairy-Type Effect Monster
ATK 800
DEF 800
You can only use each effect among the (1)st and (2)nd effects of “Fluffal Octo” once per turn.
(1) When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 “Fluffal” monster or “Edge Imp” monster in your Graveyard; add that monster to your hand.
(2) If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for the Fusion Summon of a “Frightfur” Fusion Monster: You can target up to 2 of your banished monsters; return those monsters to the Graveyard.
Reprints:
Frightfur Fusion
Edge Imp Sabres
Fluffal Owl
In Cameron, Texas, the afternoon's rain clouds scatter from the sky as if by request. I'm rolling along in a truck belonging to Bob McClaren, president and CEO of 44 Farms. James Burks, 44 Farms general manager, is in the backseat. We pull up next to an area that looks more confined than the rest of the farm's seemingly endless pastures. A few Black Angus cattle putter around behind fences. They look up as we arrive.
“This is our retirement center,” McClaren says softly. “These are some of the bulls that have had great lives in our program. They just have a hard time getting around, so we keep 'em up here — that way they can talk to the young guys and tell 'em stories.”
As promised, adjacent to the Angus Retirement Center for Continued Living, about 100 young cattle are clumped together around troughs. “They love to eat,” McClaren says. “They fight each other, and they're looking for love.” Somewhere between the two lots rests a cemetery for the fallen prize bulls of 44 Farms.
Continue Reading
***
My fellow eaters, the state of the burger union is strong. This is an incredible, sometimes confounding time for this American sandwich. It's hard to miss: There are nearly $20 cheeseburgers mixed with bone marrow and beef cheek, some dotted with capers or carpeted with spicy, crunchy giardiniera. If I could go back in time, I'd disrupt the space-time continuum to warn 10-year-old me, who'd surely be slapping Kraft Singles in between bread. “Tiny Nick! All your favorite restaurants will use Kraft Singles on burgers when you grow up.” I'd tell him they will cost all of his allowance, too.
Love it or not, we live in the age of the high-end burger designed to capture the flavors of a simple, cheap burger.
At Knife, home of one of the best burgers in Dallas, chef John Tesar sits across from me in his trademark glasses and rustic apron. “What does it tell you about the state of the art of the restaurant business, how hard is it to make a profit in fine dining, that every chef seems to have to go to a fried chicken restaurant or a hamburger restaurant?” Tesar say.
Today's designer burgers are created to send warm memories — of youth, of the diner, of our parents' way of over-cooking burgers on the grill — ping-ponging from our eyes to our arteries.
“The irony of John Tesar and Knife is that I started making hamburgers as my first job," Tesar says. "I'm talking back in the '70s in New York in an Irish Pub in the Hamptons. It was just a charcoal-grilled hamburger on an english muffin with sharp cheddar cheese and applewood-smoked bacon.”
And thus the burger cycle continues: We'll pay a little more, and then even a little more, for chefs to do a high-end version of the burgers they grew up on. On a recent trip to Kitchen LTO, I had a great dry-aged beef burger for 19 bucks. Melted on top: a Kraft single.
How much are we willing to pay for a great burger, and what exactly are we paying for? And what, exactly, goes into some of Dallas' best burgers?
***
EXPAND Cameron's 44 Farms is the idyllic picture of the back-to-nature Texas cattle ranch. 44 Farms
The drought made things tough for 44 Farms. There was a real and visible cost.
Three thousand trees perished in the past five or six years, they tell me as we're rounding the farm in the truck. They lost so many trees that they had to build new structures to shade the cattle from the blazing Texas sun.
The drought also forced them to change their feed program. They previously planted cotton, which thrives in arid climates. After the cotton ball is picked, the plant remains. 44 Farms began to process everything but the cotton for feed, and the cows downed it like ice cream.
"If you're going to charge me $10, I want something with it.” Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
“One of things our cattle love the most is the residue from a cotton plant,” McClaren says, piloting the truck past mountains of pulverized “silage," the cattle's fodder. “We alternate between corn and sorghum. We pack it into these bins and it'll ferment over time. That's the core of our feed program. It's got a really sweet taste.” They add a molasses mix that's packed with minerals and a product that keeps the flies off the cattle.
This is the essence of 44 Farms: Every decision, every action on the farm, trickles down to the cattle's experience. They use a painless, dry ice branding process. They place donkeys into the herd to ward off predators. They use horses instead of mechanized farm equipment. They keep talking and driving to a minimum when inseminating the heifers, all to create a stress-free environment. After one trip through the green pastures, I felt so relaxed and peaceful, I'm sure my marbling went through the roof.
At 44 Farms, everyone moves with calm and care to ensure a peaceful environment for the herd.
Because everyone knows that a serene cow makes for delicious burgers.
***
The Ozersky, at $12, is all local — and it's all 44 Farms' 80 percent lean, 20 percent fat beef. It's perfection housed in simplicity. The patty is given a good winter coat of salt and pepper — that's it — and topped with two slices of American cheese. It's served on one of those squishy, store-bought buns with slivers of red onion cut sheer-thin. The Magic uses the same beef but adds bacon and cheddar, and for the bun, an English Muffin, just like in Chef Tesar's early days. Both burgers are magnificent.
“My cost on that is probably $2 for a six-ounce hamburger," Tesar says. "The bun is probably 30 cents; so $2.30. The french fries with the salsa verde ... that's probably another two bucks. The corsicana pickle is like, a dollar, and then the condiments. So, at that point, you're looking at $5 for my cost to a burger. And I'm only selling it for 12 bucks. And you're getting table service with that.”
Twenty-one restaurants in Dallas use 44 Farms' product, including Lucia, Wayward Sons and The Porch. The spots that use their burger blends range in price: Wayward Sons' is $15 (with cheese and thrice-cooked fries) and Mudhen Meat and Greens' version, which was once delivered to my table drastically overcooked, is $14.
So, how much is too much for a good burger, and where do we draw the line? This is where Tesar really leans in.
“If you're going to charge more than $10 for a burger, I want perfection, man," he says. "I don't care if it's Whataburger, I don't care if it's Hopdoddy, I don't care if it's Filament or fucking Knife, if you're going to charge me $10, I want something with it.”
The customer pays more when shopping at 44 Farms or dining at one of Tesar's resaurants. At 44 Farms, that cost is for beef that's consistently of a high quality. You pay for extraordinary care to a truly local product. On the restaurant end, you pay for beef that's cooked with heart. And served with some damn french fries.
May 20, 1873 marked an historic day: the birth of the blue jean. It was on that day that Levi Strauss and Jacob Davis obtained a U.S. patent on the process of putting rivets in men's work pants for the very first time.
Levi Strauss, a Bavarian-born dry goods merchant, came to San Francisco in 1853 at the age of 24 to open a West Coast branch of his brothers' New York wholesale dry goods business. Over the next 20 years, he built his business into a very successful operation, making a name for himself not only as a well-respected businessman, but also as a local philanthropist. One of Levi's customers was a tailor named Jacob Davis.
We made our first jeans out of denim - the traditional fabric for men's workwear. Within a very short time, the jean was a bona fide success.
Davis wrote to Levi to suggest that the two men hold the patent together. Levi, being an astute businessman, saw the potential for this new product, and agreed to Jacob's proposal. The two men received patent #139,121 from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on May 20, 1873.
Soon, the first riveted clothing was made and sold. We made our first jeans out of denim — the traditional fabric for men's workwear. Within a very short time, the jean was a bona fide success. (Although, we should note that they were called “waist overalls” or “overalls” until 1960, when baby boomers adopted the name “jeans.”)
We consider May 20, 1873 the “birthday” of blue jeans, because although denim pants had been around as workwear for many years, it was the act of placing rivets in these traditional pants for the first time that created what we now call jeans.
The next time you see someone wearing a pair of Levi's® jeans, remember that these pants are a direct descendant of that first pair made back in 1873. That year, two visionary immigrants — Levi Strauss and Jacob Davis — turned denim, thread and a little metal into what has become the most popular apparel on earth.
Alexander Maasik — 7 min read
Today I'd like to introduce one of the bright stars in Weekdone community:
SnapShot is an analytics tool for the hospitality industry that helps hotels in many countries to understand and analyze their data.
We talked with Bianca Courtenay, Head of HR at SnapShot, and she told us: “The hotel tech industry is still developing and heavily reliant on Excel worksheets and manual reporting when it comes to big data and the tool we've created, SnapShot Analytics, is a major step into the future.”
With offices in different countries around Europe and Asia (and more to come), they are using Weekdone to make sure every team member follows the company objectives and stays on track. Their employees find it very useful.
Check out other case studies.
Implementing Weekdone.
“We were looking for different tools that let us share our work with our colleagues and in addition shows their significance against our OKRs.” said Courtenay.
OKRs are short for Objectives and Key results. OKR is a simple process of setting company, team and personal goals and connecting each goal with 3-4 measurable results. As you achieve those results, the whole objective gets marked done.
In Weekdone, users can set their OKRs and link them with their weekly reports. That way users and managers can always be sure that they are on track with their day-to-day activities and those activities contribute to the company long term goals.
“Because we have offices all over Europe, it can be difficult to always keep communication flowing and to know what our colleagues are working towards. We are really conscious of spending too much time on meetings, so Weekdone is a good solution.”
As she was the one responsible for making sure everyone started using Weekdone, we asked her how she achieved success. She told us that it was quite easy as Weekdone is a simple and transparent tool that catches on very quickly.
“The tool has a very similar format to other social media platforms that are used by almost everyone these days so it was very easy to introduce. I made sure that if we are missing plans from any of our colleagues, we contacted them immediately to encourage this until it becomes routine.
What I really like and what made the decision to use Weekdone easy, was the extremely helpful customer support that was always available to answer the questions my team members and I had.”
On how to make sure employees use Weekdone, she said: “I decided not to do a big companywide presentation but rather personalized departmental training sessions. We also created some manuals with Weekdone's help and explained it to everyone step-by-step.”
She also told us that there were very few problems with implementing it for remote workers.
“Originally I thought that maybe I should fly out and train our colleagues in other offices but in the end, it wasn't even necessary as a Skype call training session was enough.”
Sharing information happily.
One of the main values of Weekdone is the ability to share information and comment on it. “Weekdone is very transparent and a really nice way to be connected with colleagues around the world.”
At SnapShot, using Weekdone is used at all levels but on a daily basis it's not used so much for a formal evaluation but rather informal communication. Weekdone makes sure everyone has an idea of what their teammates are working on and measures each individual's success against our OKRs.
What are the best Features of Weekdone?
“I personally like that you can tag people and acknowledge their work.”
Weekdone lets you notify colleagues that you are interested in the projects they are working on. It also gives you an opportunity to tag your workmates in activities done together and share success.
She told me her colleagues had given feedback that it felt great to be acknowledged by teammates for daily work that would usually go unnoticed. It's also a self-motivator, watching your Plans at the start of the week become actions and then move into Progress!
Weekdone is also about reporting, says Courtenay. “It is crucial that we receive reports that show our OKRs and what progress we make each week to achieve those. I was pleased that this was customized by Weekdone for us. The next feature that we are hoping for is an Out Of Office notification.”
Why should companies use Weekdone?
“The tool itself is very straightforward and simple and brings teams together. It gives us quantifiable data on how well we are performing against our OKRs. On top of that, and this is very important to me, it encourages the team who work here to communicate and help each other – even from different departments and locations across Europe.
The team at Weekdone is fantastic. If I need something, I can trust that with Weekdone's customer support, my requests or questions are dealt with quickly. The support that I receive from the implementation stage to maintaining it, has made using Weekdone easy and enjoyable.”
If you would like to see more Case Studies, click here.
Weekdone also has a Guide to prioritize tasks. Check it out!
Ever since I was a kid, the wing was always my favorite part of the chicken. While my siblings fought over the legs and thighs, I always reached for the wings.
Until recently, my absolute favorite place to eat chicken wings was chef Jason Quinn's Noodle Tramp at Santa Ana's 4th Street Market, but he closed that restaurant this year. So now that Noodle Tramp is history, where's a guy to go for great wings? I gave myself the mission of answering that question, and here are 10 of the best places I found.
TLT Food
The wings: A half-dozen pieces get seasoned with spicy Southeast-Asian inspired sambal and sesame seeds. Garnished with green apple and lime.
Cost: $6
Spice level: Vibrant and sassy
Verdict: Awesome
Where: Irvine Spectrum, 705 Spectrum Center Drive, Irvine; 949-727-1414, tltfood.com
•••
Neapolitan pizzeria
The wings: A half-dozen pieces dusted with rosemary and Parmesan are flavored with onions and Calabrian chilies, then roasted in a cast-iron skillet in the wood-fired oven. These are some of the biggest, meatiest and juiciest wings around.
Cost: $11
Spice level: Mild but full-flavored
Verdict: Outstanding
Where: 31542 S. Coast Highway, Laguna Beach; 949-499-4531, nealaguna.com
•••
Garlic & Chives
The wings: There are two types here. Get the ones called Holy Crunchy Chicken, a half-dozen wings sprinkled with dried red chilies and sweet, sticky, spicy, ultra-messy garlic sauce.
Cost: $7
Spice level: Sweet burn
Verdict: Outstanding
Where: 9892 Westminster Ave., Garden Grove; 714-591-5196
•••
Baos Hog
The wings: These wings (six pieces) are a fun riff on Chinese salt-and-pepper ribs. It's enough to make you wonder why ribs ever became a ubiquitous Chinese takeout item when chicken wings, served with creamy Sriracha sauce, are obviously so much better.
Cost: $4.50
Spice level: Peppery but not spicy
Verdict: Outstanding
Where: 13918 Brookhurst St., Garden Grove; 714-600-3311, mkt.com/baoshog
•••
MRK Public
The wings: Free-range chicken wings (six pieces) marinate in brine for 24 hours, then are baked, flash-fried and tossed with Vietnamese-style garlicky chili caramel.
Cost: $13
Spice level: Mild, sweet burn
Verdict: Outstanding. Amazingly tender.
Where: 1402 S. El Camino Real, San Clemente; 949-441-7621, mrkpublic.com
•••
Bangkok Avenue
The wings: The Thai-style Dynamite Wings (six pieces) are more sweet than hot, tossed with a sticky-tangy sauce that tastes of Sriracha, tamarind and palm sugar.
Cost: $8
Spice level: Predominantly sweet
Verdict: Excellent
Where: 17221 Beach Blvd., Huntington Beach; 714-841-9567, bangkokavenue.com
•••
Eureka!
The wings: The spicy Reaper Wings (nine pieces) are very similar to classic Buffalo-style hot wings, with a strong undercurrent of what is probably Frank's Red Hot sauce. A creamy blue cheese dressing is served for dipping.
Cost: $11
Spice level: Spicy but not radioactive
Verdict: Excellent. Bonus for the accompanying crudités.
Where: 4143 Campus Drive, Irvine; 949-596-8881, eurekarestaurantgroup.com
•••
Brew Kitchen Alehouse
The wings: A hearty helping of nine pieces is generously mopped with a sultry, harissa-based hot sauce that summons the ghost of American barbecue, with a side of blue cheese dressing.
Cost: $9
Spice level: Exciting but not X-rated
Verdict: Outstanding
Where: 10708 Los Alamitos Blvd., Los Alamitos; 562-431-3900, brewkitchen alehouse.com
•••
Black Marlin
The wings: Another hearty helping of nine pieces, these wings are prepared in the classic sweet-spicy, southeast-Asian style, accented with vegetable crudités and blue cheese dressing.
Cost: $11
Spice level: Sweet
Verdict: Very good
Where: 560 El Camino Real, Tustin; 714-929-7427, blackmarlinrestaurant.com
•••
Spicy Lao
The wings: There are a couple different variations, but get the signature Spicy Lao Wings (eight-10 pieces). They're wok-fried until very crisp and charred around the edges, then finished with gobs of fresh green chilies, garlic and scallions. There's no sauce, per se. Think if it is more as a relish.
Cost: $10
Spice level: Yowza! Also available in mild, if desired
Verdict: Outstanding
Where: 8851 Garden Grove Blvd., Garden Grove; 714-867-6041, spicylao.com
Contact the writer: bajohnson@ocregister.com Also on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
A Claude Monet painting, believed to have been missing since 1895, has resurfaced and will go on view in a forthcoming exhibition on the French Impressionist at the National Gallery in London. “Effet de Brouillard” (1872), a somber depiction of the countryside in Argenteuil, near Paris, was recently found by art historian Richard Thomson, who conducted a simple Google search to solve this puzzle.
Thomson, a professor of fine art at the University of Edinburgh, had originally seen the painting as printed in a 1996 catalogue raisonné as well as in the book Monet at Argenteuil, but no one seemed to have known where the artwork actually resided for much of its life. The catalogue raisonné had listed it as being in a private collection, according to The Guardian. Thomson, who is curating the exhibition Monet & Architecture, set to open at the National Gallery next April, was keen on including the landscape, as he was interested in paintings that depict architecture masked by natural features such as foliage or the weather.
“Quite simply I found it on Google, saw that it had passed through an antique dealer/auction house in New Orleans, contacted them, and they quickly got in touch with the owner, who — again, quickly — responded positively to the exhibition, for which I am most grateful,” Thomson told Hyperallergic.
He also found out that the painting had been sold in London in 2007, in an anonymous sale at Christie's, and with little fanfare, for £412,000 (~$550,000 US). The auction house's website notes that Galerie Durand-Ruel, which operated in Paris between 1833 and 1974, had acquired the painting from Monet in February of 1873. The last time it was exhibited was in 1895, at Durand-Ruel Galleries in New York, before it passed through the hands of a number of private owners.
The scene of Argenteuil, where Monet lived between 1871 and 1878, is one of over 180 paintings he produced during that period. Come next spring, the muted view of fields, with one factory chimney spewing smoke in the distance, will be on public display once more, among 74 other paintings Thomson has selected.
Houston police say the victim of a deadly shooting at a McDonald's restaurant in east Houston Monday morning was the owner of that restaurant.That 68-year-old owner, Carroll Oliver, died of after he was shot during an attempted robbery at his restaurant in the 5300 block of the East Freeway. Houston police say it happened during his morning money run to the bank.HPD Homicide Detective Fil Waters says someone was lying in wait for Oliver when he walked out the parking lot of the restaurant at Lockwood and the East Freeway. Water says a white late model Grand Cherokee pulled into the parking lot and approached Oliver. Someone tried to take the money from Oliver without exiting the vehicle.However, Oliver, who was armed, pulled his weapon, and that's when people inside the car also pulled a gun and Oliver was shot, according to HPD. The suspect vehicle fled the scene at Lockwood. It's unknown whether the suspect or suspects got away with any cash.Water said it's unclear how many people were inside the SUV at the time of the shooting, but that those involved appeared to know Oliver's morning routine at the restaurant.McDonald's released a statement on Monday, saying, "The entire McDonald's family is deeply saddened by the loss of one of our owners, Carroll Oliver. Our hearts and prayers go out to the Oliver family who is being surrounded by love and support. While the situation remains under investigation by police, out of respect for the family's privacy, we will not make any further comments at this time."
Ahead of UN general assembly, PM stresses view that Syrian dictator has ‘butchered his own people' and should be prosecuted for war crimes
David Cameron has indicated that Syria's president, Bashar al-Assad, should face international criminal prosecution, despite having dropped his opposition to the dictator staying in power temporarily as part of a transitional government.
On the eve of a UN general assembly meeting, the prime minister emphasised his belief that Assad, who is backed by the Kremlin and Iran, has “butchered his own people” and fomented the rise of Islamic State in lawless areas of the country. He also signalled that he still believed Assad should be prosecuted for war crimes if he is proven to have broken international law by unleashing chemical weapons.
However, Cameron is among the western leaders to have shifted his position from demanding the immediate departure of Assad to accepting he could be allowed to stay on as part of a transitional government – a plan supported by the Russian president, Vladimir Putin. ”Conversations about how we bring about transition are important and that's what we need to see progress on,” Cameron said. Asked how long Assad could remain in post as part of a deal with Russia, he replied: “I'm not going to speculate. But he can't be part of Syria's long-term future. That's very clear.”
Deal to end civil war in Syria could allow president Bashar al-Assad to stay Read more
Cameron suggested in 2012 that Assad could be allowed safe passage and immunity if he stepped down, but that was before reports that he had used chemical weapons. Pressed on whether he thought Assad should be prosecuted, the prime minister said: “I think people who break international law should be subject to international law. That certainly hasn't changed.”
Although Russia became an international pariah subject to economic sanctions after annexing Crimea and entering eastern Ukraine, Putin is attending the general assembly for the first time in 10 years and will meet Barack Obama. He is not expected to meet Cameron in person.
During his flight to New York, Cameron said: “What we have to discuss with Russia, what we have to try to reach agreement about, is that it is in everyone's interest that this part of the world has stability and governments that represent all its people and it isn't fomenting terrorism.
“My argument is Russia will suffer as much from Islamist extremist violence as much as anybody. We need to defeat extremism and its causes.”
Russia, which has helped to arm Assad, moved some troops into Syria in recent weeks and has indicated it is prepared to work militarily with the west to fight Islamic State. Cameron tried and failed to get parliamentary approval to bomb Assad with the US in 2013 after intelligence found the regime had used chemical weapons while fighting Islamist extremists and numerous other rebel insurgent groups. Since then, more of the country has fallen into the hands of Islamic State and Cameron is now considering whether to ask parliament for permission to join US airstrikes against the terrorist group in Syria as well as in Iraq.
Asked whether Russia's decision to send troops to Syria had complicated his push for airstrikes, Cameron said: “I don't think the position has changed. I've always said it's important Isil is defeated in Syria as in Iraq. We play a role in that [we are] already helping other countries that are doing active work. But really nothing on that front has changed. If we need to go further, we need parliamentary backing.”
Cameron has not gone to parliament to push for airstrikes yet because he is not sure of getting a majority in favour. Both the main parties are split on whether it is a good idea, with dozens of Conservatives likely to side against the prime minister. Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour leader who has been a peace campaigner for decades, is almost certain not to support airstrikes but a number of his shadow cabinet are likely to be in favour if they feel the government has made a proper case.
Cameron will have face-to-face talks with the Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, on Tuesday to discuss the strategy for peace in Syria, where Iran is a key ally of Assad. It will be only the second time the two men have met after their historic encounter a year ago.
At the UN summit, Cameron will also be discussing global poverty goals and climate change, as well as having bilateral meetings with other world leaders.
The Lord of the Rings rooted in racism: Academic
Shyam Bhatia in London | January 08, 2003 14:49 IST
An American academic, who teaches at the Warwick University in the United Kingdom, has described J R R Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings trilogy as an 'epic rooted in racism'.
Dr Stephen Shapiro, an expert in cultural studies, race and slavery, said the author used his novels to present bigotry through a fantasy world.
Following the release in UK of the film The Two Towers, the second in the series, Dr Shapiro told rediff.com that the books represent anxieties about immigration in mid-1950s Britain.
He said: "Put simply, Tolkien's good guys are white and the bad guys are black, slant-eyed, unattractive, inarticulate and a psychologically undeveloped horde."
In the trilogy, a small group, the fellowship, is pitted against a foreign horde and this reflects long-standing Anglo-European anxieties about being overwhelmed by non-Europeans, he said.
This is consistent with Tolkien's Nordicist convictions. He thinks the Northern races had a culture and it was carried in the blood, Dr Shapiro said.
While Tolkien describes the Hobbits and Elves as amazingly white, ethnically pure clans, their antagonists, the Orcs, are a motley dark-skinned mass, akin to tribal Africans or aborigines. The recent films amplify a 'fear of a black planet' and exaggerate this difference by insisting on stark white-black colour codes, Dr Shapiro said.
He added: "Tolkien wrote The Lord of the Rings because he wanted to recreate a mythology for the English, which had been destroyed by foreign invasion. He felt the Normans had destroyed organic English culture. There is the notion that foreigners destroy culture and there was also a fantasy that there was a solid homogeneous English culture there to begin with, which was not the case because there were Celts and Vikings and a host of other groups.
"We have a pure village ideal, which is being threatened by new technologies and groups coming in. I think the film has picked up on this by colour coding the characters in very stark ways.
"For instance, the fellowship is portrayed as uber-Aryan, very white and there is the notion that they are a vanishing group under the advent of the other, evil ethnic groups.
"The Orcs are a black mass that doesn't speak the languages and are desecrating the cathedrals.
"For today's film fans, this older racial anxiety fuses with a current fear and hatred of Islam that supports a crusading war in the Middle East. The mass appeal of The Lord of the Rings, and the recent movies may well rest on racist codes."
Dr Shapiro said that the trilogy, which began in the 1930s and published in the 1950s, was written at the onset of de-colonisation, when the first immigrants from the Caribbean and Indian subcontinent came to Britain. The Midlands, Tolkien's model for the Shire, were becoming a multicultural region.
A spokesman for Harper Collins, publisher of the trilogy, accused Dr Shapiro of mixing up his dates: "The copyright for The Fellowship of the Ring, the first in the series, was 1954. Tolkien would have finished writing the book quite a bit before the mid-50s and certainly the idea would have come a number of years before, given the sheer size of the book. So I think the timing is out.
"A number of academics have commented on Tolkien's work and this is the first time anybody has ever seen these issues in it. Of course, if you look hard enough at many great epics, you can extrapolate what you like, particularly if you have academic kudos behind you.
"A number of people have said that they think The Lord of the Rings could be an allegory for the Second World War, or indeed the first, as Tolkien fought in it, but it was never a view that he agreed with. His great abiding passion and interest came from the Icelandic sagas and mythology, and this was his version of one of those sagas."
Richard Crawshaw, a trustee for the Tolkien Society, said: "There was definitely no racial intent in his work. He detested racism."
Kamcord, the Y Combinator startup that wants to do to mobile what streaming service Twitch has done to console and PC gaming, has rolled out an important update after it began allowing its most prominent broadcasters to make money on its service.
Twitch, which streamers more video to users per month than even YouTube, grew into a beast that Amazon bought for just shy of $1 billion. The e-commerce firm had to beat off competition from Google, which is working to develop its own game-streaming service, too. While both are focused on desktop PC and console gamers, Kamcord is fixing its gaze on mobile, and mobile only.
So far, so promising — Kamcord has raised over $15 million and it has “millions” of users, the average (active) one of whom watches twenty minutes of video streaming each day. Now the startup is preparing for its third significant product release in six months which will finally turn on the revenue tap.
Major Updates
This summer, Kamcord added live streaming to its app and then, in December, it pushed a major update that allowed all users with Android devices to live stream their games. That update, which is not available on iOS, increased the number of Kamcord users streaming on the platform tenfold over the past six weeks, and now the next phase is to help these broadcasters — who are responsible for bringing users and eyeballs to the service — make money.
That will be in the form of virtual goods, digital items that fans can buy and send to broadcasters while they stream. When sent, they take break up the next within the comments section and help a user who purchased the item stand out from the others watching.
Not all users can earn money, however. Kamcord has created a partner program, only broadcasters included inside that can make money. The startup didn't disclose its revenue share with partners but, crucially, this will represent the first time that it has monetized its service.
Kamcord co-founder Adi Rathnam told TechCrunch that the company has deliberately taken its time over making money, and that it was inspired by virtual goods business models that have seen success in China, Korea and other parts of Asia.
Rathnam said Kamcord users spend a lot of time trying to get the attention of their favorite broadcaster, but have to battle the noise from others. Galadon, the top followed Kamcord partner, has over 120,000 followers and regularly clocks tens of thousands of viewers for each live stream. His fans try their best to catch his attention during streams with comments, but paying upwards of $0.20 for a virtual good like a star can help stand out. (The top item, a mega star, costs $80 and takes up the full chat window.) There's also an option to donate money to a partner via PayPal.
The volume of viewers on ChiefPat's stream made even commenting difficult
“We spent a lot of time thinking about the underlying psychology behind it,” Rathnam said. “It's not unlike buying a VIP pass to Taylor Swift, [just for a] chance to meet her for a selfie. This is a chance [for Kamcord users] to stand out and have an interaction with this person.”
Rathnam believes that a combination of factors makes streaming idols more popular with young people — the so-called Gen-S: generation screen — than traditional celebrities. Accessibility, interaction and having things in common — many still live with their parents as many of Kamcord's users do — drive that fandoom, he explained.
For the broadcasters themselves, the addition of monetization represents an opportunity to make a living, or at least pocket money, from doing what they love: playing games on mobile. For now, Kamcord is the only service offering this on smartphones.
“Twitch cues towards core games on desktop… and it's too hardcore [for mobile,]” Rathnam. “It would be like using LinkedIn to upload your vacation photos.”
As for YouTube, Rathnam said the streamers that he talks to feel that they are “low down on the list” of priorities for YouTube, which also musicians, comedians, artists and other entertainment stars.
That's good news for Kamcord because, not only can it offer something unique, but it knows exactly where to go to find potential new broadcast partners: on Twitch or YouTube. And if you can bring establish content makers and keep them happy, then they will bring their audience, too.
Standing Out
Well, at 33 years old and with two kids, I'm hardly the average Kamcord user, so I took the plunge and checked out a live stream and sent a virtual gift to a broadcast partner.
The experience was pretty slick, a quick in-app purchase and I was armed with 70 gems ($0.99). I started out low, dishing out a mini star (15 gems) but the feedback was instant. While admittedly the stream I sat in on — blue7137 — wasn't as busy as Galladon or Chief Pat, I was immediately called out by name and thanked. It seemed to be a big deal for the broadcaster, a signal that I (or anyone else) was prepared to go beyond chat and stump up some money to show appreciation.
A Promising Start
Virtual goods have been live on Kamcord across most of the world for a week now. During that time, the company has increased its partner base from an initial 100 to 175. Rathnam said the plan is to reach 1,000 partners “as soon as possible” — and that, already, new partners are gaining tens of thousands of followers.
“We thought [the model] might take a little work in the U.S., but we're blown away with what we've seen in the U.S.. People often make a big deal about cultural differences worldwide, but a lot of the underlying human emotions are the same — [there's a] willingness to go to extraordinary lengths to interact with idols,” he explained, adding that monetization is already on track for $1 million annual run rate.
Recent updates have added live streaming, broadcasting and virtual goods to the service, that's a lot of change, and Kamcord plans more steady and incremental changes in 2016. Rathnam said there's being a focus on tightening the interactions between broadcaster partners and their fans, increase the number of partners, working closely with game makers, and hiring backend engineers to scale the service.
Update: The article has been correct to reflect the fact that Galadon does not still live with his mum. Our apologies for any miscommunicate.
Just one week passed from the release of Verge3D 1.0, and here we are again with lots of new amazing features and, of course, bug fixes!
Let's start with features:
Blender's Fresnel shader node has been supported to allow for nicer material effects.
We have significantly optimized export when packed textures are present.
The outlining feature is now available both through Puzzles and API. In order to use outlining, make sure you enable it in your scene settings. To some extent, you can use outlining for visualizing glowing objects too.
As per feedback from Blender developers, we open-sourced the entire Blender add-on! It is now covered by the GPL v3 license.
We implemented Puzzles blocks (and APIs) for camera easing: the ‘look at' block rotates the camera towards an object, while the ‘camera tween' block also positions the camera.
We have implemented annotations – which are basically object labels expandable into information windows. Annotations can be easily added through both Puzzles and API. Check out the minimalistic Tween Camera demo in your distribution to find out how to use all these new blocks.
The ‘App Manager' and ‘Sneak Peek' buttons now work regardless of which Blender instance they are clicked in.
You can now choose what layers to export – useful for having auxiliary or work-in-progress objects in the same file.
The Puzzles editor is now linked directly to your application and not to the stock player. This way you can now add JS code to your apps hassle-free and use Puzzles at the same time. Particularly, you can properly implement interaction between code and Puzzles via External Interface. The corresponding demo app was updated to reflect these changes.
If you didn't choose to use Puzzles upon creating a new Player-based app, you can always add them later by saving logic in the Puzzles editor.
Another small usability improvement in Puzzles: items in object, animation and material selectors are now alphabetized.
The city demo was completely reworked and now looks much cooler!
List of bug fixes:
Issue with materials disappearing in Puzzles has been fixed. Be sure to re-save all your old logic files using the ‘assign material' block to make them work with this update!
We fixed texture unpacking issue during export.
Now animations located in the main scene are not affected by animations from others.
We fixed the PBR demo: the metallic-roughness texture is now correctly connected. Please note, that for now the BaseColor, MetallicRoughness, Normal, Occlusion, Emissive and Alpha inputs of the Verge3D PBR node only work with textures attached and ignore any non-texture values.
Implemented fallback for older web browsers not supporting Object.values() method
Fixed issue with light data shared between multiple light sources
Fixed object transform values incorrectly assigned in the loading callback
Fixed installation issue if Blend4Web add-on was installed first
In Closing
Although this update received minor version numbering 1.0.1, you can see it is big enough to consider not using the word ‘minor' in the article title. We'd like to thank everybody for your valuable feedback and patience which helped us in ironing out the above-mentioned usability issues and prioritizing the newly-arrived features!
The update is available for download here. Feel free to leave your feedback in the comments below and on the forums!
Florida Gators women's basketball (12-4, 2-0 SEC) pulled off one of the biggest victories in program history on Sunday afternoon, hanging an 83-73 road defeat on the No. 6 Kentucky Wildcats (13-2, 1-1 SEC) at Memorial Coliseum in Lexington, KY.
Sunday's victory broke a six-game losing streak for UF against UK and extended the Gators' current winning streak to eight games, their longest since the 2008-09 season.
Florida won due to some tremendous play from its two backcourt stars.
Senior guard Jaterra Bonds, the reigning Southeastern Conference Player of the Week, led all players with a game-high 23 points on 6-of-14 shooting. She hit 10-of-12 free throws and also added six rebounds on the afternoon.
Freshman G Ronnie Williams posted a double-double of 19 points and 10 boards for Florida, going 9-for-13 from the field and registering two blocks in the contest.
The Gators led by a single point at the half but coughed up their lead and trailed the Wildcats by nine with 12 minutes to play.
An 8-1 run got Florida back in the game, but the Gators were still fighting from behind with less than four minutes left.
At that point, UF pieced together a 6-0 scoring stretch to jump ahead 75-70 and never trailed again, hitting 6-of-8 free throw attempts over the final 1:28.
Florida head coach Amanda Butler is now 11-35 in her seven-year tenure against ranked opponents. The Gators went 0-5 against top 25 teams in her first season (2007-08), 4-3 in her second (2008-09) and 6-19 combined over the subsequent three seasons. Last season, UF was 0-8 against ranked opponents.
Sunday's win was Florida's first victory against a top 25 team since defeating No. 16 Ohio State on March 17, 2012. It is also the Gators' first win against a top 10 program under Butler, who was 0-17 previously in such games.
Florida had lost 19-straight regular season games against top 10-ranked opponents, earning its last victory to such a team on Feb. 26, 2006 in an overtime contest on the road against No. 5 Tennessee. UF also beat No. 2 LSU in overtime 10 days prior.
GOP also decrees: Don't get caught in fleece, jersey, or open-toed sandals
The TEA Party House Republican leadership of the 2015 legislature has issued a new edict, the first of its kind that I have seen.
Because they love freedom and personal liberty, they've issued a formal mandatory dress code for anyone who seeks to be allowed into the House floor. Besides demanding “business formal” dress, the new decree calls on women to mind their necklines and skirt lengths. House GOP leadership are empowered to police the new edict.
This important policy is written in all capital letters, of course, because what else would you expect from world-class leaders.
Since this new dress code is not particularly clear, the Cowgirl Blog has provided a handy guide below. After all, the dress code is not just for legislators but also for “LEGISLATIVE STAFF, MEMBERS OF THE MEDIA, INTERNS AND AIDES” who “MUST ALSO ABIDE BY THIS POLICY IF ON THE FLOOR WHILE THE BODIES ARE GAVELED INTO SESSION.”
Once you see what's in the dress code, it's clear it is targeted at women–and probably reporters. After all, reporters are really the only people who can access the house floor besides the legislators' own staff–and a handful of high school “pages.” Last session, reporters were required for the first time to get special permission or “passes” to be on the House Floor at all. Then the next thing we know, the senate president is looking into evicting the Associated Press from its capital office. Now this. But let's get right to the dress code. There are eight rules in the edict, however, rule #6 was not released and we must presume it is being kept secret for some reason.
UPDATE: GOP Speaker of the House Austin Knudsen is now blaming his staffer for the dresscode, as you can see in the Bozeman Chronicle article that just came out.
First, women are ordered to be “SENSITIVE TO SKIRT LENGTHS AND NECKLINES.”
(No similar guidance was provided to men to be mindful of tight or sagging pants and hideously short eagle-carrying-an-assault-rifle-in-its-beak neckties.)
The dress code also bans leggings. The legging ban may be a dig at the young women of Skyview High School who are fighting a dress code policy that unfairly targets young women in Billings.
So leggings are out, as are open toed sandals. However, under this dress code concealed carry holsters under beige suits with bolo ties would definitely be okay –at least once the legislature passes the obligatory “concealed carry for everyone” bill the TEA Party introduces every year.
Next, I see that “FLEECE AND JERSEY (SWEATSHIRT) MATERIAL ARE NOT CONSIDERED “BUSINESS FORMAL.” Somebody needs to tell the dudes that wrote this that jersey and sweatshirt material are two entirely different things, but alas until then the rule stands. Jersey tops like this are banned:
While this polyester number as shown on former TEA Party Sen. Joe Balyeat is just dandy:
Nintendo hasn't yet announced the price of its next console, codenamed the NX, but the company recently indicated that it does not intend to take a loss with each sale.
"We are not thinking of launching the hardware at a loss," said Nintendo president Tatsumi Kimishima during an investor meeting last week. "Selling at a loss at launch would not support the business."
Kimishima added that Nintendo is developing the NX hardware with that mission in mind, suggesting that the company is looking to keep costs down for the console's components and manufacturing process.
Historically, Nintendo priced its hardware to make a profit, even at launch. That's the opposite of the strategy employed by Sony and Microsoft, which usually take a loss on hardware sales and hope to make it up in software. However, that changed with the debut of the Wii U in fall 2012. The strength of the Japanese yen at the time was a major factor in Nintendo's decision to launch the Wii U at a loss, and it took until the spring of 2014 for the company to make money with each Wii U sale.
"Selling at a loss at launch would not support the business"
Kimishima also responded to comments about Nintendo's decision to launch the NX next March, when it seemed like the company had planned to release the console this year. One investor pointed out that Nintendo's two previous presidents noted the importance of launching before the holiday season — Hiroshi Yamauchi with the GameCube (which arrived in November 2001), and Satoru Iwata with the Nintendo 3DS (which missed the window, launching in early 2011).
Launching the NX in March 2017 doesn't mean that Nintendo no longer believes that the holiday season matters, said Kimishima. Instead, one of the major factors in the timing is ensuring that the console has a sufficient launch lineup.
"We believe that when launching hardware, the amount of quality software for consumers to play that is available at launch is important, and that we ought to determine our launch dates based on this," said Kimishima. "In that sense, our approach is that we should wait until we can provide a fully realized experience rather than rushing to launch in the holiday season."
A new Legend of Zelda game is in development for NX; the title will be released simultaneously on both Wii U and NX in 2017, just like The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess debuted on both GameCube and Wii in late 2006. Nintendo will not show the NX at E3 2016; instead, the company plans to reveal the hardware later this year.
Image copyright PA
A woman with dementia who went missing in Florida was found by a police dog in a matter of minutes, having bottled her scent in advance.
Citrus County Sheriff's Office said the anonymous woman had used a specialist scent preservation kit.
It can hold a person's scent for up to seven years.
In a Facebook post police said she stored the scent two-and-a-half years ago, and a picture of the jar showed it was dated January 2015.
Scent preservation kits involve rubbing a pad on a person's underarm, then sealing it in a sterile jar so police dogs have a reliable scent to smell before looking for a missing person.
Image copyright Citrus County Sheriff's Office
Manufacturers say they work better and more quickly than articles of clothing, because they are not contaminated by other people's smells or smells from the environment.
Dogs have a stronger sense of smell than humans and working police dogs are trained to sniff out drugs, people and in some cases corpses.
Some police forces around the world, including in China and Germany, have held scent samples from criminal suspects and crime scenes to help in their investigations.
But there are concerns over a high failure rate; in 2006 it was found that only a quarter of people indicated by dogs in New South Wales, Australia, turned out to be carrying drugs when they were searched.
In this case, though, the missing person was found and the dog earned a celebratory ice cream.
The 200,000-member United Food and Commercial Workers, Western States Council, on Wednesday announced its support for Proposition 19, the initiative to legalize marijuana in California.
“The Western States Council is endorsing Proposition 19 based upon our previous support of the medical cannabis initiative, 1996's Proposition 215,” George Landers, the council's executive director, said in a statement. “We view Proposition 19 as an enhanced version of the previous proposition, that creates taxable revenue and produces jobs in agriculture, health care, retail and possibly textile. We further believe that the proposition will deprive narcotics traffickers of a significant source of criminal revenue.”
Ron Lind, international president of the union, and Dan Rush of its Local 5 also spoke out in favor of Proposition 19.
“The marriage of the cannabis-hemp industry and UFCW is a natural one,” said Rush. “We are an agriculture, food-processing and retail union, as is this industry.”
The council is the political arm of UFCW in several Western states. It comprises the UFCW local unions in the states it covers.
-- John Hoeffel
A pit bull hailed as a hero after pulling her unconscious owner from the path of a freight train last week has been released from Boston's Angell Memorial Medical Center.Lilly, the 8-year-old dog, was discharged Saturday afternoon to continue her recovery at home."We've been very pleased with the progress Lilly's made," said Dr. Meg Whelan. "She's been an ideal patient, and while she has a lot of therapy ahead of her to return to full strength, we are hopeful she'll get there."The Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said the engineer of a westward-bound freight train saw Lilly pulling a woman away from the tracks in the early hours of May 3 in Shirley.The engineer tried to stop, but couldn't avoid hitting the dog.The woman, identified as Christine Spain, wasn't hurt, but the train's wheels sliced through Lilly's right foot and caused other multiple injuries.Spain's son, Boston police Officer David Lanteigne, said he had adopted the dog for his mother three years before. He said Lilly's companionship has helped curb her drinking.Lilly will now be living with Lanteigne."The whole thing has been pretty overwhelming," said Lanteigne. "It's all finally coming to an end here at the hospital and now a new beginning at home with all her rehabilitation."Since being hospitalized, Lilly has undergone two major surgeries. One was to amputate her front right leg and another was to repair her badly fractured pelvis and left hind leg.Officials at Angell said Lilly will require extensive physical therapy to adjust to life as a three-legged dog.The MSPCA said Lilly's medical bills totaled $15,000, but the public generously donated $76,000. The remainder of the money will go into the MSPCA Pet Care Assistance Fund."I'm very appreciative of everyone who came together here," said Lanteigne. "From all around the world, anything from the cards they sent, their prayers, their financial assistance, it's just made this whole thing that much easier on us."In honor of her bravery, Lilly has been unanimously chosen for the MSPCA's 2012 Animal Hero Award which will be presented on Oct. 25 at the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston.
A pit bull hailed as a hero after pulling her unconscious owner from the path of a freight train last week has been released from Boston's Angell Memorial Medical Center.
Advertisement Related Content Hero dog Lily heads home to recover
Lilly, the 8-year-old dog, was discharged Saturday afternoon to continue her recovery at home.
"We've been very pleased with the progress Lilly's made," said Dr. Meg Whelan. "She's been an ideal patient, and while she has a lot of therapy ahead of her to return to full strength, we are hopeful she'll get there."
The Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said the engineer of a westward-bound freight train saw Lilly pulling a woman away from the tracks in the early hours of May 3 in Shirley.
The engineer tried to stop, but couldn't avoid hitting the dog.
The woman, identified as Christine Spain, wasn't hurt, but the train's wheels sliced through Lilly's right foot and caused other multiple injuries.
Spain's son, Boston police Officer David Lanteigne, said he had adopted the dog for his mother three years before. He said Lilly's companionship has helped curb her drinking.
Lilly will now be living with Lanteigne.
"The whole thing has been pretty overwhelming," said Lanteigne. "It's all finally coming to an end here at the hospital and now a new beginning at home with all her rehabilitation."
Since being hospitalized, Lilly has undergone two major surgeries. One was to amputate her front right leg and another was to repair her badly fractured pelvis and left hind leg.
Officials at Angell said Lilly will require extensive physical therapy to adjust to life as a three-legged dog.
The MSPCA said Lilly's medical bills totaled $15,000, but the public generously donated $76,000. The remainder of the money will go into the MSPCA Pet Care Assistance Fund.
"I'm very appreciative of everyone who came together here," said Lanteigne. "From all around the world, anything from the cards they sent, their prayers, their financial assistance, it's just made this whole thing that much easier on us."
In honor of her bravery, Lilly has been unanimously chosen for the MSPCA's 2012 Animal Hero Award which will be presented on Oct. 25 at the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston.
AlertMe
The new year has just begun and we're already inundated with horrible news: two new reports have collected further evidence that human economic activity puts life on Earth at risk, and another shocked us with the fact that the 85 richest people on the planet are as wealthy as the poorest 50% – and that the gap between them is still widening. Not to mention the brutal attack on the Charlie Hebdo office, the ongoing wars and conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine and the devastating situation of refugees.
At the same time, a lot of effort is being spent to reassure us that economic growth and a capitalist economy are essential for solving what some call the “crisis of civilization”.
Growth is the perennial buzzword of the World Economic Forum - and this year is no exception. Delegates keep assuring us that their own profitability is vital for safeguarding humanity, while we ordinary people go about our day-to-day lives: we happily drive our cars, book flights to our next holiday destination and raise our children as we've always done.
It seems that we are in collective denial about the threatening implications of reality. We still trust in the old narratives that growth and competition are good, that technology and experts will fix it and that capitalism is history's ultimate victor.
Not only ecological limits and growing social inequality, but also the increasing violence of fundamentalists of all sorts indicates that it is high time for a new economic and social narrative. An economy that is essentially based on competition will always perpetuate violence and hatred.
Wanted: new economic narratives
Before a new narrative - degrowth, for example - can gain ground, we have to accept that there are only radical options left. We have to choose between our economy and our future.
Economic inequality for women costs $9tn globally, study finds Read more
Even now, degrowth is already appealing to a growing number of people, as last year's Fourth International Conference on Degrowth for Ecological Sustainability and Social Equity in Leipzig proved.
It embraces many aspects that are common to a rising number of social and ecological grassroots-initiatives around the globe:
Integrating social and ecological issues instead of playing them off against each other
Replacing economic growth with a holistic idea of wellbeing
Turning away from resource-intensive production and industrial agriculture
Claiming more democratic participation and co-creation
Preferring small and decentralized solutions with short feedback-loops, re-localization of economic cycles and decentralization
Prioritizing sufficiency and resilience
Creating resilient livelihoods instead of unstable jobs in fragile globalized supply chains
In circles closer to the mainstream, I have personally observed that criticizing the dependence on economic growth and calling for a social-ecological transformation of the economy is welcomed by many.
Can companies do better by doing less? Read more
Doubts and reluctance stem from the widespread perception that transforming the system is unrealistic, given the powerful interests of the elites.
Ordinary people feel subject to, rather than masters of, their circumstances.
In order for the vision of a degrowth society to become broadly accepted as a realistic option, we need to agree on the following points:
Growth and climate stability are incompatible
Continuous growth does not increase prosperity
Growth will soon come to an end anyway
After a certain point, the ecological and social price paid for keeping up growth becomes unacceptable
Growth and Western consumption patterns are increasingly resented in the Southern Hemisphere
The “trickle down” effect has been proven wrong
There is no such thing as “green growth”
Degrowth does not only mean less, but differently, i.e. meeting everyone's needs more sustainably and equitably with fewer resources
Degrowth is not against innovative technologies, but requires them to be administered democratically and “convivially” based on the precautionary principle
It is high time to shape a broad social movement
Despite what corporate interest groups say, we can all understand that a good life does not require ever more traffic, bigger houses, and greater quantities of waste. We cannot square the benefits of “more stuff” when it threatens our ecosystem and coincides with extreme poverty in some parts of the planet.
A good life requires long-term security in meeting everyone's basic needs: food, shelter, affection, leisure, protection, understanding, health, participation, creation and freedom. All of these requirements are dependent on a healthy planet.
If we take our oft-cited Western values seriously, there is no doubt that we have to change our ways and ensure that our values come before any corporate or private profit.
Why Davos must shake off the shackles of wealth and entitlement Read more
It is high time to shape a broad social movement that pressures governments and businesses to help adjust consumption and production habits to allow the good life for everyone. We want cooperation instead of competition, common instead of corporate interest, solidarity instead of greed, strong social relationships instead of meaningless consumption, mindful resource stewardship instead of extractivism and compassion instead of indifference. We demand less traffic, fewer mega-projects and more community-based policy.
It is high time to take our future in our own hands and to realize that our current economy is part of the problem and cannot be part of the solution.
This year's Davos coverage is funded by The B Team. All content is editorially independent except for pieces labelled “brought to you by”. Find out more here.
At least 29 killed as bus plunges into the Philippines ravine after suspected brake malfunction
Updated
At least 29 people died as a bus plunged into a ravine in the northern Philippines, in one of the country's deadliest accidents in years, officials have said.
Key points: Brakes believed to have malfunctioned as bus sped downhill
Sixth accident in the area in recent years
Unsafe buses, lack of road safety and slack law enforcement blamed for accident rates
Bus passengers were screaming in horror as the driver repeatedly stepped on the apparently malfunctioning brakes before plunging into the deep ravine in Nueva Ecija province's Carranglan town, a survivor said.
The rest of the more than 50 passengers were retrieved by rescuers who struggled with ropes to descend down the 24-metre deep ravine to reach the wreckage, disaster-response officer Mark Raymond Cano said.
Many of the passengers were hospitalised with serious injuries and parents were separated from their children in the confusion.
"One child here sat beside her mother. The mother was dead," said Dr Napoleon Obana of the Veterans Regional Hospital, where some of the victims were taken.
TV footage showed a line of rescuers and villagers, some holding on to a rope to climb up on a grassy slope with a victim on a stretcher.
A throng of villagers waited in a clearing above them to help pull the victim to safety.
Dr Cano said a preliminary investigation showed that the bus "lost its brakes and plunged down the ravine".
Passenger Ralph Raymond Grajo said he saw the driver repeatedly stepping on the malfunctioning brakes as the wayward bus was speeding along a downhill road.
The driver attempted to steer the bus to the right, but roadside houses made him veer back in the direction of the ravine as horrified passengers watched, Mr Grajo told local media.
"All the passengers were screaming and somebody in front me told everybody 'don't panic,' but many were already gripped by panic," he said.
Mr Grajo apparently fell off the bus as it rolled down the ravine and regained consciousness away from the wreckage with injuries to his feet and arms.
He said he was among the first to be rescued and brought to a hospital.
It was not immediately clear if the driver survived.
Tuesday's accident was the sixth in the area in recent years, a local village official said.
Poorly maintained passenger buses, inadequate road safety features and weak enforcement of local transport laws have been blamed for many vehicular accidents in the Philippines.
In February, a sightseeing bus carrying college students on a camping trip lost its brakes as it sped down a steep downhill road before smashing into a concrete electrical post in Tanay town in Rizal province east of Manila, killing 15 people.
AP
Topics: accidents---other, philippines, asia
First posted
Mayhem Fest Bands and Dates Officially Announced
Tags:
Mayhem Fest, tour, Disturbed, Godsmack, Megadeth
Jason Fisher January 31, 2011
January 31, 2011
Mayhem Fest lineup has been announce...Main Stage:DisturbedGodsmackMegadethMachine HeadIn FlamesTriviumExtreme Stage:Suicide SilenceAll Shall PerishStraight Line StitchJager Stage:UnearthKingdom of SorrowRed FangSat Jul 09, 2011 San Manuel Amphitheater San Bernardino CASun Jul 10, 2011 Shoreline Amphitheatre Mountain View CATue Jul 12, 2011 White River Amphitheatre Auburn WAWed Jul 13, 2011 Idaho Center Amphitheatre Nampa IDFri Jul 15, 2011 Desert Sky Pavilion Phoenix AZSat Jul 16, 2011 Hard Rock Casino Presents: The Pavilion Albuquerque NMSun Jul 17, 2011 Fiddler's Green Ampitheatre Englewood COTue Jul 19, 2011 Verizon Wireless Amphitheater Maryland Heights MOWed Jul 20, 2011 Riverbend Music Center Cincinnati OHFri Jul 22, 2011 Comcast Center Mansfield MASat Jul 23, 2011 Parc Jean-Drapeau Montreal QCSun Jul 24, 2011 Comcast Theatre Hartford CTWed Jul 27, 2011 PNC Bank Arts Center Holmdel NJFri Jul 29, 2011 First Niagara Pavilion Burgettstown PASat Jul 30, 2011 Jiffy Lube Live Bristow VASun Jul 31, 2011 Susquehanna Bank Center Camden NJTue Aug 02, 2011 Virginia Beach Amphitheatre Virginia Beach VAWed Aug 03, 2011 Time Warner Cable Music Pavilion at Walnut Creek Raleigh NCFri Aug 05, 2011 First Midwest Bank Ampitheatre Tinley Park ILSat Aug 06, 2011 DTE Energy Music Theatre Clarkston MISun Aug 07, 2011 Verizon Wireless Music Center Noblesville INTue Aug 09, 2011 Zoo Amphitheatre Oklahoma City OKWed Aug 10, 2011 Gexa Energy Pavilion Dallas TXFri Aug 12, 2011 Aaron's Amphitheater at Lakewood Atlanta GASat Aug 13, 2011 1-800-ASK-GARY Amphitheatre Tampa FLSun Aug 14, 2011 Cruzan Ampitheatre West Palm Beach FL
Mike Krukow story proves character matters
Patients and caregivers are gaining comfort from Mike Krukow's inclusion body myositis revelation. Patients and caregivers are gaining comfort from Mike Krukow's inclusion body myositis revelation. Photo: Charles Mostoller, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Charles Mostoller, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Mike Krukow story proves character matters 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
People have been talking about it all week. On Tuesday, when Giants broadcaster Mike Krukow revealed that he is suffering from a debilitating muscle disease, the reaction was immediate. My e-mail inbox filled up and it generated hundreds of online comments.
But here's the kicker: There was hardly a negative comment. The famously nasty SFGate.com trolls did the right thing for once and took a pass. Instead, the space was dominated by good wishes for Krukow and praise for his stepping up and going public.
You can draw your own conclusions. Krukow is clearly beloved in the Bay Area, and he and his broadcast partner, Duane Kuiper, have perfected a folksy, witty style that makes everyone fond of them. But I think there's more to it than that. There's a larger factor I would sum up in two words: Character matters.
Krukow could have gotten defensive and told us his personal life was none of our business, that the intrusive media was prying into areas that should be left alone. That's not an unusual response and, he admits, that's what he did at first. He insisted he was fine, just battling through the aches and pains that come with being a former professional athlete.
But that didn't feel right. So he went public. And I'm sure he's heard about it ever since. Although friends and family requested that people acknowledge he's suffering from a muscle disease - inclusion body myositis - and then leave it alone, some folks can't help themselves. They want to tell him they care, or suggest a vegan diet or a seaweed cure that helped their uncle. It is, in short, just what he was afraid was going to happen.
But there's more. There are e-mails from people who have IBM or say their father has it. And, they say, it's a comfort to hear someone like Krukow talking about it.
So that's why we do the right thing. Or, better yet, why we admire and are inspired by those who do so. You may have heard that character is doing what's right when no one's looking. I'd say it is better represented by doing what's right when it is difficult and unpleasant ... and everyone is looking.
People sometimes ask me what my e-mail is like. They read the comments and see the truly vicious personal attacks. "Your e-mail must be horrible," they say.
It isn't. Like most of us at The Chronicle I get the occasional personal attack. But when you start to read a rip job it's amazing how often you can predict how it's going to end - no signature, no name.
This isn't a scoop. The unhappy cranks in the comments section revel in the fact that they are anonymous. They aren't accountable. They don't have to answer questions or face the public. They think they're pulling a fast one.
But we know the deal. They're cowards.
Being that person is easy. No consequences, no confrontations, no obligations. Someone told me once that maintaining a bad reputation is the easiest thing in the world. Even if you do something way out of line people just say, "Yeah, that's the way he's always been."
The harder road is to maintain your cred as a class act. Nothing stings more than to hear, "We expected more from you than this." It's that voice in the back of your head that convinces you that you know what's right, and even if it causes some pain and concern, you do it anyhow.
Krukow did that. He knew this was going to turn into a minor fan frenzy and he went ahead and spoke up. It's worth remembering that it is a choice with powerful ramifications.
Nothing shows that better than this story. When Krukow made the tough call and put himself out there he elicited the ultimate compliment from the ranters, the haters and the trolls.
Silence.
“I'm disgusting. Maybe they were all right about me. Maybe I am a big old whore.”
— Ella Dawson
You remember Ella Dawson (@brosandprose on Twitter) as the girl who attended Wesleyan University (annual tuition $47,972) where she graduated in 2014 with a bachelor of arts in Feminist, Gender, and Sexuality Studies and a herpes infection. It seems nobody at her prestigious private university bothered to tell Ms. Dawson that condoms don't prevent herpes, so she kept screwing around until . . .
“I was the editor of my campus sex magazine. I had some one-night stands. I explored my sexuality and what I wanted, and I met a guy at a party and he was amazing. He was super-charismatic and sexy and funny and brilliant and I fell really hard for him. We started seeing each other and then, three weeks later, I woke up with an outbreak of genital herpes.”
— Ella Dawson, September 2015
“A few days shy of my 21st birthday, I woke up to find a cluster of painful red sores on my labia. . . . This didn't make sense, as I'd never had unprotected sex in my life. Plus, I wasn't the sort of person STDs happened to. I was a Planned Parenthood volunteer, a sexuality studies major, and everyone's go-to friend when they had questions about losing their virginity. How could I have caught something when I had always been so careful?”
— Ella Dawson, April 14, 2015
Ms. Dawson did what any Feminist, Gender, and Sexuality Studies major would do: She made her name synonymous with herpes.
A Google search for “Ella Dawson herpes” produces more than 50,000 results. Why would parents pay nearly $50,000 a year for their daughter to attend college when the result of her “education” is that she becomes notorious for having an incurable sexually transmitted virus?
Well, never mind why liberals throw away their money to “educate” their daughters. Let's talk about the 2016 election, where if Hillary Clinton becomes president, liberals get to throw away our money, too.
Ella Dawson has written a genuinely weird article about the “Alt Right,” in which she deduces that because (a) certain people hate Hillary Clinton and (b) some of these people also made fun of her pro-herpes activism, therefore (c) a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for herpes.
Or something. It doesn't make much sense, really, but here — we'll let the Feminist, Gender, and Sexuality Studies major explain herself:
I expected a backlash when I began writing a blog about what it's like to live with genital herpes. Speaking from personal experience about a taboo topic like sexually transmitted infections was never going to be easy, and I prepared myself to face judgment from strangers online. Social mores about sex may be changing, but women who frankly discuss their sexuality?–?and their feminism?–?meet pushback from an online culture of outrage and shame. What I could not have anticipated in my wildest nightmare was becoming a favorite target of the Alt-Right.
It is difficult to explain the loose web of sexist trolls and “conservative provocateurs” that compose the Alt-Right to someone who isn't immersed in Internet culture. There are the anti-establishment radicals who hate Paul Ryan, the anti-Islam YouTube vloggers who pushed hard for Brexit, and the Twitter users who create memes like #TheTriggering to mock social justice activists. The Alt-Right also overlaps with groups like Men's Rights Activists, who are convinced matriarchy is oppressing them on a global scale, and the bizarre online hate mob that is GamerGate. Conversations about these men?–?because they are almost always men, and they are almost always white?—?are usually dismissive. We call them “trolls,” implying they're the dimwitted underworld denizens of the Internet. As long as they stay in unread comment sections, what risk do they pose to the rest of us? . . .
You can read the whole thing and try to make sense of her “argument,” but unless you have a degree in Feminist, Gender, and Sexuality Studies, you'll probably just laugh at the ridiculousness of it all. Her main point, as far as I can tell, could be summarized succinctly:
VOTE FOR HILLARY
So Your Daughter Can Get Herpes, Too!
I'm always happy to help feminists spread their message . . .
Amazon.com Widgets
Share this: Share
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Comments
LONDON (MarketWatch) -- While the global credit crunch is clearly beginning to bite hard, there are some positives to the financial turmoil that it has wrought.
The U.S. election is no longer leading the news.
Whatever your brother-in-law's brilliant financial move was last year probably looks pretty boneheaded now.
Wall Street bigwigs are exposed as blubbering hypocrites in congressional hearings.
You probably didn't do anything as embarrassing as the head of Iceland's central bank, who issued a statement announcing a 4 billion euro loan from Russia when Moscow hadn't actually agreed to it.
The world will no longer have to spend trillions of dollars to cut carbon emissions since the crisis will do more to reduce greenhouse gases than all the government initiatives, wind farms and cap-and-trade schemes combined.
Capitol Hill bigwigs are exposed as blubbering hypocrites in congressional press conferences.
You probably didn't do anything as embarrassing as Germany's KfW Bankengrouppe, which transferred 300 million euros to Lehman Bros. just before the investment bank filed for bankruptcy.
Instead of foreign aid programs or the United Nations, your tax dollars will now go to fund assistance where it's really needed -- Wall Street.
Gasoline's back down to merely extortionate prices from obscenely extortionate prices.
It's as good a distraction as any from the Chicago Cubs' abject playoff failure.
- Tom Bemis, assistant managing editor
Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.
The Libor scandal seems to be waking people up to manipulation and fraud by the big banks.
There are many other types of fraud they've engaged in as well ...
Here is a partial list:
Pledging the same mortgage multiple times to different buyers. See this, this, this, this and this
Cheating homeowners - especially veterans - from laws meant to protect people from unfair foreclosure
Engaging in mafia-style big-rigging fraud against local governments. See this, this and this
Bribing and bullying ratings agencies to inflate ratings on their risky investments
Pushing investments which they knew were terrible, and then betting against the same investments to make money for themselves. See this, this, this and this
Engaging in unlawful "frontrunning" to manipulate markets. See this, this, this, this, this and this
Engaging in unlawful "Wash Trades" to manipulate asset prices. See this, this and this
Otherwise manipulating markets. And see this
Shaving money off of virtually every pension transaction they handled over the course of decades, stealing collectively billions of dollars from pensions worldwide. Details here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here andhere
Participating in various Ponzi schemes. See this, this and this
But at least the big banks do good things for society, like loaning money to Main Street, right?
Actually:
The big banks no longer do very much traditional banking. Most of their business is from financial speculation. For example, less than 10% of Bank of America's assets come from traditional banking deposits. Instead, they are mainly engaged in financial speculation and derivatives. (and see this)
The big banks have slashed lending since they were bailed out by taxpayers ... while smaller banks have increased lending. See this, this and this
