Bitcoin Cash Price Weekly Analysis – BCH/USD Reaching Breakout
Rate this post
Key Points Bitcoin cash price corrected lower, but remains supported above $1200 against the US Dollar. There is a major contracting triangle forming with resistance at $1480 on the 4-hours chart of BCH/USD (data feed from Kraken). The pair might soon break the triangle resistance and trade above $1500 in the near term.
Bitcoin cash price is in an uptrend above $1200 against the US Dollar. BCH/USD might soon break $1500 for more gains toward $1800.
Bitcoin Cash Price Resistance
There was a slow and steady decline in bitcoin cash price from the $1780 swing low against the US Dollar. The price declined below the $1400 and $1300 support levels. However, the downside move found support near $1200 and later the price started moving higher. It has moved above the 38.2% Fib retracement level of the last decline from the $1780 high to $1203 low.
The current price action is positive and it seems like there is a major contracting triangle forming with resistance at $1480 on the 4-hours chart of BCH/USD. The triangle resistance is near the 50% Fib retracement level of the last decline from the $1780 high to $1203 low. Therefore, it would be interesting to see whether the price can break the $1450-1500 resistance or not. Should there be a break and close above $1450, the price could move further higher towards the $1700 and $1800 levels.
On the downside, an initial support is around the $1400 level and the 100 simple moving average (4-hours). Below the mentioned $1400, there is a crucial support around $1350 and the triangle. However, the most important trend support is close to the $1200 level in the near term.
Looking at the technical indicators:
4-hours MACD – The MACD for BCH/USD is slowly moving back in the bullish zone.
4-hours RSI (Relative Strength Index) – The RSI for BTC/USD is now above the 50 level and is moving higher.
Major Support Level – $1350
Major Resistance Level – $1500
Charts courtesy – Trading View, Kraken
The post Bitcoin Cash Price Weekly Analysis – BCH/USD Reaching Breakout appeared first on NEWSBTC.
The grouping points for these owls frequently involve airports. "Experts say the birds often stop at airports because the airfields look similar to the Arctic tundra where they live," explains The New York Times . In December, authorities at Kennedy International Airport started blasting owls with shotguns after five airplanes collided with the creatures. (They later switched to using traps.) Baltimore also had to remove an owl squatting at BWI Airport. Wildlife groups at Boston's Logan Airport report catching and relocating an " exceptionally high " number of visiting owls – the creatures are bulky and fly low, making them especially dangerous to jets.
The way the animal world is trending, owl pellets might soon become as common as pigeon poop. North America is experiencing a vast migration of snowy owls from the north, with spottings in Boston, New York, Washington, D.C., Providence, and many other cities in the Northeast.
The creatures' voracious hunger is driving them far south this winter. A snowy owl needs up to 12 small rodents a day to survive, and there's presumably a deficit of Arctic lemmings, one of the species' key food groups. If you're the birdwatching type, be on the lookout for ivory-white birds that like to dine in the most gruesome manner possible:
There's also the option of following the movements of the owls with this helpful spottings map from eBird, a project supported by the Cornell Lab of Ornithology and the National Audubon Society. The crowd-sourced map shows a vast Owl Belt stretching below the Canadian border, with individual sightings as far south as North Carolina and Jacksonville, Florida. Have a look – darker purple regions indicate a higher density of spottings:
In regards to that Florida owl, an observer reported last week that it's been hanging around for at least four days, staying in "the sand dune posing." It looks like it's wilting in the heat:
This guy was noticed a couple days ago chilling on the roof of a Boston restaurant:
An owl-eyed observer caught this one strutting around on the field at D.C.'s Reagan National Airport, seemingly oblivious to the planes taking off and landing:
And in Brooklyn, somebody saw this smug-looking individual crouched in the grass at Floyd Bennett Field:
Top image: Lostry7 / Shutterstock.com
Shane Black's latest incarnation in the Predator series is really starting to line up the talent. With the addition of Thomas Jane, Olivia Munn, and Keegan Michael-Key, this flick is starting to get way more interesting. Although, none of the films in the franchise have been able to live up to the original Arnold Schwarzenegger action vehicle, Black definitely has a knack for script writing that just may come in handy for this next movie in the franchise.
Just announced tonight is the addition of Starship Troopers alumni, Jake Busey. While Busey has never been able to crack the upper echelon of A-list actors, he's been a mainstay in lower budget action flicks, some sci-fi, and of course Paul Verhoeven's classic battle with the bugs. Being the son of his notoriously outrageous father, Jake can definitely wrangle up some interesting characters and knows how to demand the attention of the camera. This is working out to be a really cool and diverse cast.
UPDATE | Check out our extensive photo gallery of the newest Qantas Boeing jet adorned with Aboriginal livery plus the story behind this innovative project – click here!
PREVIOUS | Qantas has shared the first photos of a bold new Boeing jet painted in unique Aboriginal art which will begin flying on domestic Australian services next month.
The new Boeing 737-800 'Mendoowoorrji' features a design inspired by the work of the late West Australian indigenous artist Paddy Bedford.
It's been painted in its Dreamtime colours at Boeing's factory in Seattle before being flown to Australia next week to enter service on domestic routes.
This will be the fourth member of Qantas' Boeing fleet to carry Aboriginal art, although it's a more subdued and less eye-catching livery than its Dreamtime predecessors, beginning almost 20 years ago with the breathtaking Boeing 747-400 'Wunala Dreaming' (shown below).
This was followed by a second Boeing 747, 'Nalanji Dreaming', with a Boeing 737-800 named 'Yananyi Dreaming' (below) revealed in 2002.
Australian Business Traveller will fly to Seattle next week and return on the delivery flight of the new Boeing 737-800 'Mendoowoorrji' as a guest of Qantas and Boeing.
Follow Australian Business Traveller on Twitter: we're @AusBT
Coordinates:
House in the Clouds
The House in the Clouds is a water tower at Thorpeness, Suffolk, England. It was built in 1923 to receive water pumped from Thorpeness Windmill[1] and was designed to improve the looks of the water tower, disguising its tank with the appearance of a weatherboarded building more in keeping with Thorpeness's mock-Tudor and Jacobean style, except seeming to float above the trees.[2] The original capacity of the water tank was 50,000 imperial gallons (230,000 l) but during the Second World War, the House in the Clouds was hit by gunfire from anti-aircraft guns based at Thorpeness. The water tank was repaired using its own steel, which resulted in a reduced capacity of 30,000 imperial gallons (140,000 l).[3] In 1977 the water tower was made redundant by a mains water supply to the village, and additional living space was created. In 1979 the main water tank was removed to fully convert the building into a house. The building currently has five bedrooms and three bathrooms; it contains a total of 85 steps from top to bottom and is around 70 ft high.
It has been a Grade II Listed Building since 1995.[4]
The house was featured in the Suffolk programme during Series 3 of the Channel 4 TV Series Homes by the Sea in 2017.[5]
It also featured on BBC's Flog It! on 8 May 2018.
References [ edit ]
JYP Entertainment‘s new girl group Twice has finally finalized its members after the last episode of survival show “Sixteen” which aired on July 7.
However, criticism arose when Momo, a trainee who was eliminated in the third mission, was ultimately added to the final lineup on the last episode. Viewers questioned JYP's decision to add her to the group, despite her elimination on the show.
On the show, producer Park Jin Young called up Tzuyu and Momo as additional members of Twice. Tzuyu earned the most audience votes prior to the episode. On Momo's addition, Park Jin Young explained, “I chose someone who will bring what the other eight members do not have. I've chosen Momo, who will bring great dance skills as well as vocals.”
A representative from JYP also told the press on July 8, “Momo is exceptional in dance and performance. We believed that she will be a great addition to really complete Twice.” They further explained, “Park Jin Young decided on [including Momo] yesterday, after he thought of the best member for Twice. We only went into the show knowing the major seven members; Twice wasn't supposed to be a seven-member group.”
A representative from Mnet explained, “The formation of the group is entirely up to JYP Entertainment. The production team of the show didn't know who the final members were going to be until Park Jin Young's announcement.”
Twice's final nine members will be Jihyo, Nayeon, Jungyeon, Sana, Momo, Mina, Tzuyu, Dahyun, and Chaeyoung. They are planning on debuting later this year.
Source: (1) (2)
He was convicted in August on several counts.
You must sign in or register to continue reading content.
Associated Press
SEATTLE — A Washington state man convicted of severely abusing and then killing the 18-year-old autistic son of his girlfriend was sentenced to 65 years in prison.
The Seattle Post-Intelligencer reported that Matthew Christenson was sentenced Friday after he was found guilty on several charges involving the 2014 abuse and death of Otto Smith.
Christenson was convicted in August for homicide by abuse, second-degree murder, three counts of second-degree assault, unlawful imprisonment and felony harassment.
Authorities said Christenson had forced Smith to take an ice bath, and then he bound Smith's hands and feet and wrapped his head in layers duct tape, causing his death. Christenson was also convicted of abusing Smith's 13-year-old brother.
Christenson has said that he is innocent and that he is appealing his convictions.
South Carolina health officials announced Friday that they will cover a local construction worker's breast cancer treatment under Medicaid even though federal guidelines exclude him because he is a man.
The decision effectively dares the federal Medicaid office to reject the claims for his treatment, and it sets up a potential showdown between state and federal officials.
But until then, South Carolina said it will cover Raymond Johnson -- a 26-year-old man who discovered he had breast cancer last month. His unsuccessful efforts to apply for Medicaid coverage have drawn national attention.
Tony Keck, director of the South Carolina Department Health and Human Services, said it is "in the best interest" that Johnson be deemed eligible for the program.
"The department will submit claims to the federal government for reimbursement of his treatment, as we do with all other eligible beneficiaries. If federal lawyers choose to deny those claims based on a discriminatory policy, that is their choice and our department will appeal the decision," Keck said in a statement. "We will continue to work with our federal counterparts on this issue, but will not deny coverage to Mr. Johnson or any other South Carolinian in this particular situation."
A spokesman with The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services earlier told FoxNews.com that the federal agency was weighing its options to see if there was any remedy for the dispute.
But South Carolina health department spokesman Jeff Stensland said the agency has so far not changed its policy. "They told us after consulting with their lawyers we couldn't cover him. We are covering him regardless; we will see if the feds deny the claims," he said in an email to FoxNews.com Friday.
CMS has argued in the past that it would take an act of Congress to allow men to be covered for breast cancer visits. The problem has to do with a discrepancy between two laws.
In a 2009 letter in response to a prior attempt by South Carolina to cover a male patient, the agency said a 2000 law creating Medicaid coverage for breast cancer patients did not explicitly exclude men. That law, however, provided coverage only to those screened under a program which, according to a separate law, is meant for women.
Because of those guidelines, South Carolina initially denied coverage to Johnson.
Meanwhile, Johnson is continuing to seek treatment, as well as the money to pay for it. He said earlier this month that churches and other organizations have helped pay the bills so far and that he's still trying to get insurance coverage.
He said the government's policy is "really dumb."
"It's not as common as a woman having breast cancer, but we do have it," Johnson said.
Though breast cancer afflicts women the most, men are susceptible to it because they also have breast tissue that can develop cancer. According to the American Cancer Society, more than 2,100 cases of invasive breast cancer in men are expected to be diagnosed in 2011.
A Mississippi heritage group has launched a proposed ballot measure which would amend the state's constitution to recognize Christianity as the official religion of the state and English as the official language of the state.
The 12-part measure would also establish “Confederate Heritage Month,” which would provide a curriculum base for school children to learn about “Mississippi's Confederate history, heritage, achievements, and prominent people,” the initiative reads.
The initiative has been endorsed by former Miss America and Mississippian Susan Akin, Mississippi author Julie Hawkins and former state Rep. Mark DuVall, who tried and failed to pass legislation while he was in office in 2011 that would have allowed the restoration of Colonel Reb as Ole Miss' mascot.
{snip}
Additional proposed changes under the initiative include flying the Confederate battle flag on the grounds of the Mississippi state capitol, mandating that the Mississippi state flag pledge of allegiance be recited after the U.S. Pledge of Allegiance, and the mandatory broadcast of the song “Dixie” immediately following the playing of the “Star Spangled Banner” in public venues.
It also includes multiple provisions regarding the state's universities. State universities Alcorn State University, Delta State University, Jackson State University, Mississippi University for Women and Mississippi Valley State University would not be permitted to merge or consolidate. If passed, the University of Mississippi's on-field mascot would once again become “Colonel Reb” and the song “Dixie” would be played by the university. The initiative would also secure the existing mascots and traditions of Mississippi State University and University of Southern Mississippi.
For the initiative to make the 2016 ballot, 107,216 Mississippi residents have to sign the petition by October 2015. {snip}
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Liam Trotter (left), on loan from Bolton, last played on the first day of the season
Liam Trotter's debut goal in the fifth minute of stoppage time earned Nottingham Forest a hard-fought draw against Ipswich at the City Ground.
The midfielder, who signed on loan on Saturday morning from Bolton, was on hand to tap the ball into the net after Jorge Grant's shot was blocked.
Jonathan Parr's half-volley had given Ipswich the lead in the second half.
A first-half substitute, Parr found the top right-hand corner after collecting Eric Lichaj's attempted clearance.
In a dominant first-half display the hosts were guilty of missing a number of golden opportunities, as Ryan Mendes failed to find the target more than once.
Jonathan Parr scored just his third goal for Ipswich and his first of the season
Just before half-time Ipswich goalkeeper Dean Gerken made a brilliant double save, first palming away a drive from Trotter that looked destined for the far corner before jumping up to deny Jamie Ward.
Although the visitors found themselves under constant pressure from Forest in the second half, they opened the scoring when defender Parr netted for just the third time in his Ipswich career.
With the Tractor Boys heading for their first victory in six league matches, Trotter pounced after Piotr Malarczyk had cleared the ball off the line.
The result leaves Forest without a victory in six league games.
Nottingham Forest manager Dougie Freedman:
"It was a performance of a very, very high standard. We should have been 3-0 up at least by half-time. It was a good performance, which did not get us the right result - which is a common theme at the minute.
"In the last 10 or 15 minutes the spirit was there for us still and we at least got a point out of it. We kept on going and I was happy with the spirit, happy with the performance and, from that, I believe the results will come.
"It is not relief. I am pleased with the way we passed the ball, with the way we controlled the game and created four or five very good opportunities, but I am disappointed we have not won the game."
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy:
"I can't believe I am standing here with only one point instead of three. It sums up how tough it is proving to be for us just at the moment.
"There is nothing wrong with our team spirit or camaraderie. The answer, the solution, lies where it always does in these circumstances.
"We will study what happened and why, then get out on the training pitch and sort things out. I am not downhearted, I am just disappointed."
I was quick to jump at the chance to review the 2004 draft for the San Diego Chargers, also known as one of the greatest drafts of all time. A.J. Smith turned this fine weekend into a decent NFL career.
Let's go pick-by-pick:
Rd.Pick Position Player School 1.1 QB Eli Manning Ole Miss
Heading into his second NFL Draft as a General Manager, the Manning family challenged A.J. Smith and Smith didn't blink.
Eli and his Hall of Fame QB father Archie warned the Chargers against drafting the kid out of Ole Miss with their #1 overall pick. Plain and simple, Eli didn't want to play on a bad team. He didn't want to go through the same struggles his older brother went through early in his career.
Luckily, for the Chargers, A.J. Smith didn't care what Eli wanted. He picked him anyway, and waited for the (desperate) New York Giants to call. When they did, Smith got the following package in return for Manning:
Philip Rivers
2004 3rd Round Pick (Nate Kaeding)
2005 1st Round Pick (Shawne Merriman)
Those three players have nine Pro Bowl appearances between them, compared to Eli's three. Is that as good as Eli's two Super Bowl victories? Of course not, but the Giants were a nearly-complete team that needed a QB and traded to San Diego the pieces that A.J. Smith needed to take the team from mediocre to perennial playoff contender.
Grade: A+
Rd.Pick Position Player School 2.35 DL Igor Olshansky Oregon
The biggest addition to the 2004 San Diego Chargers? Wade Phillips. The Chargers front office knew how good Wade was, and they knew they had to get him pieces to build his defense the way he wanted. Igor was a big part of that.
Although he probably never lived up to his billing as the 35th overall pick in the draft, he's been an average-to-above-average defensive lineman for most of the last decade. That's not terrible value for a second round selection.
Grade: B-
Nate Kaeding
Rd.Pick Position Player School 3.65 K Nate Kaeding Iowa
This is a little high for a Kicker, but the Chargers weren't about to start the season with 37-year-old Steve Christie as their only option.
Nate played for San Diego for the better part of nine seasons and is currently ranked as the 4th most accurate Kicker in the history of the NFL. If you're going to take a Kicker this high, he better be great and Kaeding was (at least in the regular season).
Grade: B
Rd.Pick Position Player School 3.66 C Nick Hardwick Purdue
I remember scratching my head at this pick. "Why are the Chargers selecting a Center when they have Jason Ball?", I probably said out loud. When I heard that Hardwick had won the starting Center's job over Ball in training camp, as a rookie, I thought "He must be fantastic!"
Hardwick will always be under-appreciated. No other offensive lineman reads defenses and calls out blitzes like he does. When healthy, he's one of the best pass-blocking Centers that has ever played. I've never seen a pair of offensive linemen work as well together as he did with Kris Dielman.
If the Chargers had won a Super Bowl or two, Hardwick would probably be getting talked about as being a potential Hall of Famer. Unfortunately for him, the team just hasn't had enough success for that. Still, to find a guy in the third round that can start, and play at a Pro Bowl level, for a decade is amazing.
Grade: A+
Rd.Pick Position Player School 4.98 OLB Shaun Phillips Purdue
I heard this story once, that Shaun Phillips was upset that he wasn't included as one of the Chargers' "top 50 Chargers players" celebration that they did for their 50th anniversary. I thought about it and...he might have a case. I'm not going to do a whole breakdown, but just know that A.J. Smith found one of the best defensive players in the history of the franchise buried in the 4th round of this draft. That's how hot his hand was on that weekend.
Phillips was a starter for the Chargers for six seasons, and was the team's best pass-rusher for about four of them. That's an average output for a 1st round draft pick, so that's tremendous value down here.
Anyone else notices that A.J. Smith has used his first five picks to net his team six Pro Bowlers? Think about that for a second. We're not even half-way done yet! This is why I love this draft class.
Grade: A+
Rd.Pick Position Player School 5.133 DE Dave Ball UCLA
Dave was always expected to do great things after a fantastic college career, but he was a little small to play DE in the 3-4 defense that the Chargers were switching to. He bounced around the league before getting a shot at DE in Tennessee's 4-3 defense, where he racked up 11 sacks in 19 starts before losing his job due to injury.
This is one of those picks that wouldn't have been so bad if the team hadn't been switching to a defense that didn't fit Ball in any way, but that's how these things go sometimes.
Grade: D
Rd.Pick Position Player School 5.154 RB Michael Turner Northern Illinois
We're down here in the depths of the 5th round and A.J. Smith is still snatching up future Pro Bowlers left and right. I loved this pick at the time. I thought the team could groom Turner to eventually be the team's #1 RB, with LaDainian Tomlinson becoming a part-time RB (similar to what he did with the Jets). Unfortunately, that never happened, and Turner ended up signing with the Falcons around the time LT's legs began to betray him.
Turner started 72 games in five years with the Falcons, making two Pro Bowls along the way. It's not often you find a player like that in the 5th round, unless you are Mike Shanahan.
Grade: B
Rd.Pick Position Player School 6.169 TE Ryan Krause Nebraska-Omaha
I remember Ryan Krause very fondly, but I may be the only one.
At the end of the 2004 season, with nothing more to play for, Marty Schottenheimer put in all the kids that had been riding the bench all season to play the second half against the Kansas City Chiefs. Fans were wowed by the hands of Malcom Floyd (3 rec, 49 yds, TD), the touch of Philip Rivers (5-8, 33 yds, TD) and the strength of Ryan Krause (5 rec, 81 yds, TD). The future looked so bright, we all had to wear shades.
Unfortunately for Krause, he struggled to stay healthy while Floyd and Rivers climbed up the San Diego depth chart. The only other time he got on the first, he caught 2 passes for 11 yards with the Packers in 2007. A high risk, high reward pick is about what you'd expect in the 6th round.
Grade: C
Rd.Pick Position Player School 7.204 DT Ryon Bingham Nebraska
Here's a dude that kicked around on the roster, filling in as a decent backup defensive lineman, for about five seasons. That's not bad for a 7th round pick.
Grade: B
Rd.Pick Position Player School 7.209 T Shane Olivea Ohio State
An immediate starter at Right Tackle, even as a rookie, this had potential to be one of the best picks of the entire draft. Olivea was such a solid starter that the team reworked his contract, signing him to a six-year deal worth $20 million after his sophomore season.
Unfortunately, every draft class seems to have one sad story and for this one, the sad story is Olivea.
Shane struggled with an addiction to pain medication. The Chargers released him in February 2008 after he failed a drug test and skipped a follow-up test. Jeromey Clary moved into the starting job at RT and held it until the selection of D.J. Fluker in the 2013 NFL Draft.
Let's call this another high risk, high reward pick that started out great but didn't end so well. Pretty standard for the 7th round. The different between Olivea and most is that the team got four good years out of him before things went south.
Grade: A
Carlos Joseph
Rd.Pick Position Player School 7.254 T Carlos Joseph Miami (Fla.)
Joseph hung around on the Chargers' practice squad for a few years before moving on to the Jaguars and, eventually, the AFL. He was the only player from this draft class that didn't make the active roster in 2004, and he's one of only two (along with Dave Ball) from the draft class that never started a game for the Chargers.
Grade: D
More from Bolts From The Blue:
When you are building a web app, you want to make sure that you are caching the app's resources. So if for example a specific URL always delivers the same image, you want to cache it in the browser to avoid unnecessary traffic and have a better web performance.
For the rest of this post I suppose you have the following web application. It generates an image when the /black/ URL is called. I would like to cache that image.
package main
import (
"bytes"
"flag"
"image"
"image/color"
"image/draw"
"image/jpeg"
"log"
"net/http"
"strconv"
)
var root = flag.String("root", ".", "file system path")
func main() {
http.HandleFunc("/black/", blackHandler)
http.Handle("/", http.FileServer(http.Dir(*root)))
log.Println("Listening on 8080")
err := http.ListenAndServe(":8080", nil)
if err != nil {
log.Fatal("ListenAndServe:", err)
}
}
func blackHandler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
m := image.NewRGBA(image.Rect(0, 0, 240, 240))
black := color.RGBA{0, 0, 0, 255}
draw.Draw(m, m.Bounds(), &image.Uniform{black}, image.ZP, draw.Src)
var img image.Image = m
writeImage(w, &img)
}
// writeImage encodes an image in jpeg format and writes it into ResponseWriter.
func writeImage(w http.ResponseWriter, img *image.Image) {
buffer := new(bytes.Buffer)
if err := jpeg.Encode(buffer, *img, nil); err != nil {
log.Println("unable to encode image.")
}
w.Header().Set("Content-Type", "image/jpeg")
w.Header().Set("Content-Length", strconv.Itoa(len(buffer.Bytes())))
if _, err := w.Write(buffer.Bytes()); err != nil {
log.Println("unable to write image.")
}
}
How to cache?
This subject is new to me, I didn't know you could set some caching information in the HTTP headers (there is so much to learn :-) ).
This is what the HTTP header of /black/ looks like right now:
santiaago$ curl -I localhost:8080/black/
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1493
Content-Type: image/jpeg
Date: Sun, 18 Jan 2015 14:17:37 GMT
There are two things that can be done in order to cache this HTTP request:
Setting an etag:
An etag or entity tag is a mechanism that HTTP provides to deal with caching. If you ask multiple times for the same resource you get the resource for free once it is cached.
The etag is what will identify a specific resource so it should be a unique key in your web app.
In Go this is how you could set the etag in the HTTP header:
func Handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
key := "somekey"
e := `"` + key + `"`
w.Header().Set("Etag", e)
...
Reading the HTTP request:
Suppose you send the HTTP response to the client and he asks for the same resource again. In this case you need to read the HTTP header of the HTTP.request and check the If-None-Match field. This field will have the etag key value if the client has already asked for that resource.
If there is a match between the If-None-Match field and the key you generate in the server, there is no need to rebuild the image again as the browser already has it. In that case set the HTTP status to StatusNotModified ie 304 and return.
if match := r.Header.Get("If-None-Match"); match != "" {
if strings.Contains(match, e) {
w.WriteHeader(http.StatusNotModified)
return
}
}
Setting cache-control:
Setting cache-control to a specific date tells the client that once the date expires the cache should revalidate the resource. You can also set the cache-control value to other values. This resource is great to understand cache-control: A Beginner's Guide to HTTP Cache Headers
This is how you could set your cache in Go:
w.Header().Set("Cache-Control", "max-age=2592000") // 30 days
All together:
func blackHandler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
key := "black"
e := `"` + key + `"`
w.Header().Set("Etag", e)
w.Header().Set("Cache-Control", "max-age=2592000") // 30 days
if match := r.Header.Get("If-None-Match"); match != "" {
if strings.Contains(match, e) {
w.WriteHeader(http.StatusNotModified)
return
}
}
m := image.NewRGBA(image.Rect(0, 0, 240, 240))
black := color.RGBA{0, 0, 0, 255}
draw.Draw(m, m.Bounds(), &image.Uniform{black}, image.ZP, draw.Src)
var img image.Image = m
writeImage(w, &img)
}
Testing:
Once your handler is ready to cache, you want to test that everything is in place.
The first thing you can do is take a look at the Network section in Chrome Developer tools or any dev tools you have.
Ask for your resource, in this case localhost:8080/black/ . You should get a Status 200 OK , then hit a refresh and check that the Status has now changed to 304 StatusNotModified . You can also notice that the latency of the second request is shorted than the first one.
If you take a look at the HTTP header of the response you should be able to check the Etag and Cache-Control values.
You can also do this with curl by running the following command:
santiaago$ curl -I localhost:8080/black/
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Cache-Control: max-age=2592000
Content-Length: 1493
Content-Type: image/jpeg
Etag: "black"
Date: Sun, 18 Jan 2015 14:41:31 GMT
The final example is available in this gist
Some links that helped understand this:
Santiaago
Follow me at @santiago_arias to be notified about more posts like this.
After postponing for weeks a planned press conference to announce how he would avoid conflicts of interest as president, Donald Trump on Wednesday finally addressed the media. Or, at least his tax lawyer did. After only a handful of questions from reporters, Trump summoned Sheri Dillon to the stage to read a statement explaining his plan to comply with ethical standards. “He directed me to design a structure for his business empire that would completely isolate him from the management of the company,” she said, arguing that the new structure would ensure that Trump could not be exploiting his new office.
Ethics watchdogs and legal experts were not impressed by the plan, which will leave Trump fully invested in his global, multi-billion dollar business empire. As expected, Dillon confirmed that the president-elect will hand over management of the Trump Organization to his two adult sons, Eric and Donald Jr. She said that his business had cancelled all pending foreign deals, and will not make any more during his term, though it will continue to make deals domestically, as approved by an ethics adviser, who went unnamed.
The idea that Trump and his sons will be forbidden from discussing the family business—a directive seemingly impossible to enforce—is “meaningless,” Office of Government Ethics director Walter Shaub said in a blistering response Wednesday. Speaking at the Brookings Institution immediately after Trump's press conference, Shaub, colloquially known as the “ethics czar,” blasted the “half-blind trust” as “not even close” to a true blind trust, which would have involved Trump completely divesting from his companies and handing control to an independent trustee. “It's not even halfway blind. The only thing it has in common with a blind trust is the label: trust.”
Trump himself has repeatedly argued that no laws compel him to separate himself from his business. “I could actually run my business and run government at the same time,” he said Wednesday, noting that ethics laws do not apply to the president. “I don't like the way that looks, but I would be able to do that if I wanted to.” Dillon made the same point in her presentation, saying “President-elect Trump should not be expected to destroy the company he built.” She argued that the Emoluments Clause—a portion of the U.S. Constitution that prohibits the president from accepting gifts, presents, and financial backing from foreign governments—does not apply to “fair-value exchanges” such as foreign government officials paying to stay at Trump hotels. Many ethics experts and legal scholars have suggested that receiving business income from foreign government sources would place Trump in violation of the Constitution on his first day in office, and serve as grounds for impeachment. Dillon suggested Trump would avoid any such conflict by donating all foreign-government payments to his hotels to the U.S. Treasury, “so that the American people will benefit.”
Professional ethicists were not won over by the attempt to spin Trump's foreign income as a potential boon for taxpayers. “If he doesn't divest, he's going to be violating the Constitution,” Norman Eisen, a former White House ethics adviser to Barack Obama, told Time bluntly. Harvard Law professor Larry Tribe was similarly concerned. “The whole phony setup would make President Trump a living, walking, talking, tweeting violation of the Emoluments Clause each time banks or funds linked to foreign sovereigns are allowed to take steps that Trump will necessarily know are enriching the total value of his family's mega-business,” he told LawNewz, shortly after he took to Twitter to denounce the entire arrangement a ”Potemkin village of a trust at best.”
At the very least, others agreed, the series of moves announced Wednesday were half-hearted. As Scott Amey, general counsel for the Project on Government Oversight, told Forbes, Trump could have taken stronger steps, but there seemed to be a “lack of will” on his part to do so. While Dillon tried to argue that divesting could create even worse conflicts, by forcing Trump to negotiate bids, Amey countered that retaining ownership of the Trump Organization would only create more headaches for the president down the line. “By retaining an ownership interest, that is just going to open him up to controversy and litigation for the lifetime of his term. I mean, who is not going to want to sue ‘Trump Industries' and name Donald Trump and drag him into a deposition?”
Richard Painter, who advised George W. Bush on ethics issues, suggested divestiture should be a matter of national security, too. “I hope we don't have a terrorist attack on some building with his name on it,” Painter told Forbes. “I hope we don't have an international crisis in a country where he has a lot of money invested. If Turkey and Russia get in a fight or something, it's not a question about, well, what about my hotel?”
Trump did, however, find a defender in Jan Baran, who served on George H.W. Bush's ethics commission and dismissed the concerns as politically motivated. “His burden was not to satisfy the ethics nannies who are confusing their opinions with what is legally required,” Baran said to Forbes.
Donald Trump FOLLOW Barack Obama FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
In 1895, it was noted, with concern, that a substantial proportion of the population of Canterbury Prison was made up of repeat offenders. During that year, according to a report from the Prison Commissioners, there had been 1155 men and 167 women imprisoned there; the daily average was 128 prisoners, although at its quietest, the prison had been home to 100, and at its busiest, 171.
Canterbury Prison dated from the beginning of that century, having been established as a county gaol in 1808. Its predecessor had been regarded as inadequate following a rise in the number of prisoners in Kent in the late 18th century, the result both of a rise in crime and the impact of the American War of Independence on transportation.
It was noted that ‘a discouraging feature of prison work is the number of men and women who appear time after time in prison'. At Canterbury, 220 men and 60 women that year had already been in a prison prior to their most recent committal – equating to 19 per cent of male prisoners, and 36 per cent of females.
Of these repeat offenders, 27 men and 12 women had over 10 prior convictions resulting in a committal to prison. 11 men and three women had between eight and ten prior committals, and nine men and seven women six or seven prior committals. It was believed that once men and women had been committed once, they were likely to be embarking on a long criminal career.
When the prison population at Canterbury was analysed on 31 March 1895, it was found that the majority of men there at the time were young – between 21 and 30 years old. One of the relatively few ‘older' men there at the time was Arthur Funnell, a 34-year-old butcher, who had been sent to the prison whilst on trial for forgery, as he had been unable to find sureties. Whilst in prison, Funnell's father died; his mother was seriously ill, her health no doubt not helped by her son's incarceration.
It was recognised that individuals placed within Canterbury's prison walls were unlikely to behave well either in prison or on being released, and that prison actually increased their chances of repeat offending afterwards – they became, to an extent, institutionalised.
In prison, several individuals, both male and female, were reported to have committed offences, primarily violence, ‘idleness', or breaches of regulations. Punishments for such offences included flogging, being put in solitary confinement (by the end of the 19th century, known as ‘punishment cells'), being put in ‘short commons', whereby their diet was restricted, or losing other privileges.
Even when not being punished, the prisoners were subject to hard labour, which in Canterbury primarily meant the treadwheel – although unlike in some prisons, this had a purpose, pumping water for the prison. If not on the treadwheel, prisoners were engaged in making mail-bags and chopping wood.
All male prisoners who had a prison sentence of over four months were visited by a schoolmaster, to ensure that their educational achievement reached the third standard, and the chaplain also visited inmates every three months to encourage ‘moral elevation'. It was noted that ‘the prisoners take great interest in reading, and the cases where they injure the books are happily few and far between.'
Short commons may not have been much of a punishment for some; it was noted that ‘the mere feeding of a prisoner costs little enough', suggesting that the diet was both cheap and limited. This was in contrast to the money spent in 1895 on new stores and staff quarters at the prison.
Despite the education and religious training, prison was hard on its inmates, and suicide was recognised as a problem – netting had to be put up around staircases and corridors to prevent hangings. It was recognised that poverty and unemployment might be factors in reoffending once prisoners were released, and so the chaplain would recommend particular inmates who could benefit from the services of the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society, which aimed to help them find a job.
It was noted that ‘very few cases, really worthy of help, are refused, and then only if the aid asked for is beyond the Society's scope.' The society was helped by the Church of England Temperance Society‘s Labour Home, located at Dover, which received and employed ‘men who have no immediate hope of employment'. Women were sent further afield, primarily to Miss Steer's Bridge of Hope, on the infamous Ratcliff Highway.
So prison life in Kent had the recognised potential of leading to reoffending, through interaction with other prisoners and with resultant poverty once back on the outside, and measures were put in place to try and stop this through education and employment. Yet it was also clear that by restricting prisoners' diets, by incarceration and hard labour – the economic value of which was reported in financial terms in the prison commissioners' report – the prisons themselves created an atmosphere of desperation in some that could lead to suicide.
Sources: Canterbury Journal, 19 October 1895, Dover Express, 1 November 1895, Folkestone, Hythe, Sandgate and Cheriton Herald, 23 March 1895, Canterbury Journal, 30 December 1895.
A Mt. Rainier park ranger in Washington state was shot to death after a traffic stop Sunday and the gunman remained at large, officials said. He was believed to be carrying an assault rifle.
The National Park Service said it had closed the park indefinitely.
"It's really not safe right now," park spokeswoman Lee Taylor told the Seattle Times. "We've got a guy on the loose with a gun and he's obviously willing to use it."
Another park spokesman, Kevin Bacher, told the news media that the ranger was Margaret Anderson, 34, who was married and had two young children.
Bacher said the suspect had been stopped by another ranger about 10:11 a.m. but fled in his vehicle, the News Tribune of Seattle-Tacoma reported. Anderson encountered the suspect at a roadblock and was shot shortly before 11 a.m., he said.
Taylor said Anderson had pulled her car across the road to set up the roadblock. When the suspect arrived, Taylor said, "he just jumped out and shot her."
Ed Troyer, a spokesman for the Pierce County Sheriff, told the Associated Press that about 100 people were hunkered down in lodges and cabins in the park and had been asked to stay put lest they get in the line of fire.
"We do have a very hot and dangerous situation," he said.
ALSO:
MGM Grand casino plans to retire its lions
2011 stories that grabbed our interest: Rogues, porn, more
Flag burning at Occupy Charlotte creates divide among members
-- Connie Stewart
Photo: Ranger Margaret Anderson. Credit: Mt. Rainier National Park
World Vegetarian Day Official name World Vegetarian Day Observed by Vegetarians across the planet Significance First day of Vegetarian Awareness Month (month of October) Celebrations Local, regional, and national groups organize events to promote the desirability and benefits of vegetarian practices. Begins October 1 Ends October 1 Date October 1 Next time ( 2019-10-01 ) Frequency annual Related to Vegetarian Awareness Month,[1] World Farm Animals Day,[2] International Vegetarian Week (IVW),[3] International Vegan Day also known as World Vegan Day, International Vegetarian Day[ citation needed ]
World Vegetarian Day is observed annually around the planet on October 1. It is a day of celebration established by the North American Vegetarian Society in 1977 and endorsed by the International Vegetarian Union in 1978, "To promote the joy, compassion and life-enhancing possibilities of vegetarianism." It brings awareness to the ethical, environmental, health, and humanitarian benefits of a vegetarian lifestyle.[4]
World Vegetarian Day initiates the month of October as Vegetarian Awareness Month, which ends with November 1, World Vegan Day, as the end of that month of celebration.[5][6] Vegetarian Awareness Month has been known variously as "Reverence for Life" month, "Month of Vegetarian Food", and more.[citation needed]
Additional days [ edit ]
Several additional days of vegetarian significance are included in Vegetarian Awareness Month:[7]
Additional Global Vegetarian Days [ edit ]
International Vegetarian Days [ edit ]
Meatless Monday – Every Week, go totally meatless on Monday – an international campaign that encourages people to cut out (not eat) meat on Mondays to improve their health and the health of the planet. Reducing meat consumption by 15% (the equivalent of one day a week) lessens the risk of chronic preventable illness and has a strong positive impact on the environment (strongly reduces ecological damages from the activities involved with meat production and transport or distribution). Meatless Monday offers weekly meat-free recipes, articles, tips and news.[32] Meatless Monday is a non-profit initiative of The Monday Campaigns Inc. in association with the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.[33] The program follows the nutrition guidelines developed by the USDA.[34]
Meatless Monday is part of the Healthy Monday initiative.[citation needed] Healthy Monday encourages Americans to make healthier decisions at the start of every week. Other Healthy Monday campaigns include: Do The Monday 2000, Quit and Stay Quit Monday, Move it Monday, Monday Mile and others.
Graphics [ edit ]
Various graphic and artistic representations are used; there is no one logo to represent World Vegetarian Day. Some of the other dates within Vegetarian Awareness Month have their own logos, or a series of logo representations, if they are sponsored in part or totally by identifiable organizations.[35]
Chinese society vegetarian days [ edit ]
There is a common practice for some Chinese people to be vegetarian twice a lunar month. The first day and the 15th day of each lunar month. (初一)﹑(十五). The 15th day of each lunar month is the day/night with full moon. Local vegetarian restaurants are particularly busy on those 2 days. The origin of such practice is related to religious beliefs.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Image copyright PA
Shell has admitted for the first time it dealt with a convicted money-launderer when negotiating access to a vast oil field in Nigeria.
It comes after emails were published showing Shell negotiated with Dan Etete, who was later convicted of money laundering in a separate case.
Shell and an Italian oil company paid $1.3bn (£1bn) to the Nigerian government for access to the field.
Investigators claim $1.1bn was passed to a firm controlled by Mr Etete.
Shell and the Italian firm ENI agreed a deal with the Nigerian government for the rights to exploit OPL 245, a prime oil block off the coast of the Niger Delta.
The government passed on $1.1bn of the money to a company called Malabu, which was controlled by Mr Etete, according to Italian prosecutors.
Documents filed by the Italian prosecutors claim that $466m of that sum was then laundered through bureau de change and passed on to the then president, Goodluck Jonathan, and members of his government.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Shell has been active in Nigeria for 60 years
When questioned in the past, Shell has claimed that it only paid money to the Nigerian government, which took the form of a sum to settle the long-running legal dispute which had raged over the ownership of OPL 245.
But a spokesman has now said Shell had engaged with Malabu and Etete before signing that deal.
"Over the course of several years, Shell made repeated attempts to fully establish and understand Malabu's ownership structure, including the exact role of Mr Etete in Malabu," he said.
"Over time it became clear to us that Etete was involved in Malabu and that the only way to resolve the impasse through a negotiated settlement was to engage with Etete and Malabu, whether we liked it or not. This was consistent with the Federal Government of Nigeria's (FGN) position.
"From the complex multi-party negotiations that followed, we knew the FGN would compensate Malabu to settle its claim on the block. We believe that the settlement was a fully legal transaction with the FGN," he added.
'Changed its tune'
The change comes after Global Witness and Finance Uncovered, two anti-corruption charities, published emails seen by the BBC which showed that Shell representatives were negotiating with Mr Etete a year before the deal was signed.
One of the emails was copied to Shell's chief executive at the time, Peter Voser, showing knowledge of Mr Etete's involvement went right to the top at Shell.
Rachel Owens, a campaigner at Global Witness, said: "Shell have always said that they only paid the Nigerian government. Today Shell has changed its tune."
At the time Shell struck the deal for OPL 245, it was under a deferred prosecution agreement with the Department of Justice in the US, settling a case under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act for $30m.
Under the terms of its agreement, it had to toughen up internal controls and stay in line with the US' tough anti-corruption laws.
Representatives of Peter Voser declined to comment. ENI said there was no credible evidence any of its staff were involved in wrongdoing.
A spokesperson for Goodluck Jonathan told the BBC that no charges or indictments have been brought or secured against the former president relating to this transaction and described the allegations as a "false narrative".
The BBC is still awaiting comment from Dan Etete, but he has previously denied any wrongdoing.
Southern California's Katin Reinhardt is transfering to Marquette for his senior season. Credit: Associated Press
SHARE
By of the
Katin Reinhardt, a graduate transfer from USC, has committed to continue his college basketball career at Marquette, a source told the Journal Sentinel Saturday night and Reinhardt later confirmed.
"I really believe in what coach (Steve Wojciechowski) has at that program right now and the tradition there and the basketball culture and just everything about it is just fantastic," Reinhardt told the Journal Sentinel.
"Coach Stan Johnson, the assistant coach, has been recruiting me since I think my freshman year of high school. My freshman year of high school he offered me my first scholarship, so I've known him for a while. ... I'm really excited about the fans out there, too. I know basketball culture is huge and the fan base for Marquette is amazing, the student section. I'm just excited to see that whole process and have those people behind us this year."
A 6-foot-6 guard who has the size to play multiple positions, Reinhardt can transfer and play immediately after he graduates and is accepted into a master's program. He is on track to earn his bachelor's degree in sociology at USC and is deciding between continuing with sociology or switching to communications for his graduate work at Marquette.
As of Thursday, ESPN.com listed Reinhardt as the fifth-best transfer available regardless of class. He played two seasons at USC after transferring from UNLV following his freshman campaign in 2012-'13. In his two seasons at USC, Reinhardt averaged 11.9 points per game while shooting 40.9%, including 37.9% from three-point range.
Reinhardt will join a guard-heavy roster at Marquette. With his size, he may be asked to play a variety of roles, something he is comfortable doing.
"Me and Coach Wojo have talked and he wants to put me in the best position to succeed," Reinhardt said. "I know my defense has gotten a lot better over the last few years of college. I want to be a guy who can guard every position that needs to be guarded and do a good job at that.
"Offensively being able to make plays with the ball in my hands, I know they're comfortable with me doing that as well as scoring off the ball and making plays off the ball, too. Definitely going to be utilized in a multitude of different ways, but that's how I like it. I'm excited to just be a basketball player and win a lot of games this year."
With freshman forward Henry Ellenson leaving for the NBA draft and high school guard Markus Howard committed and expected to officially sign with Marquette when the spring signing period opens Wednesday, the addition of Reinhardt would bring the Golden Eagles to 13 filled scholarships for next season, the maximum allowed by the NCAA.
Should Marquette's roster remain unchanged heading into next season, the Golden Eagles will take on a vastly different style of play in 2016-'17. Rising senior Luke Fischer and rising sophomore Matt Heldt would be the team's only true post players. Next year's four new additions — Reinhardt, Howard, incoming freshman Sam Hauser and junior transfer Andrew Rowsey — are all highly-regarded three-point shooters that complement Marquette's heavy crop of returning guards.
In that configuration, players like Jajuan Johnson, Sandy Cohen III, Wally Ellenson or Sacar Anim would likely play the power forward position, stretching the court and bringing versatility to a smaller Marquette lineup in the process. The Golden Eagles used that strategy at times this past season when resting Henry Ellenson or Fischer as well as down the stretch of their March 1 win over Georgetown when Henry Ellenson suffered a sprained left ankle in the second half.
"There's going to be a lot of guys that can make plays," Reinhardt said. "We're going to leave that up to Coach in terms of what he has lineup-wise and what is going on there. Hopefully everybody's going to be on board to really do something special and be a very good team in the Big East next year and even in the nation. Coach Wojo can coach, man. He knows his stuff, he's very smart and educated and he's going to put everyone in the right position to succeed."
Reinhardt will visit Marquette next weekend and hopes to start building strong relationships with his new teammates and the rest of the program's staff. He'll have something to talk about with Wally Ellenson right off the bat, as part of Reinhardt's Twitter announcement about his decision included a picture of him wearing a Marquette jersey with Ellenson's No. 22 on the front.
"Somebody just made an edit for me and that was the jersey they put on there," Reinhardt said. "I don't know if someone is 22 there right now or not, but there was no intention of taking anyone's number or anything. ... Whatever number's open I'll take."
Amber Heard, the former wife of Johnny Depp, said she always had bisexual tendencies Joel Ryan/Associated Press
Virginia Woolf famously fell in love with a woman while happily married to a man. Now bisexuality has moved beyond the circles of writers and artists and into the mainstream of British life.
The number of people who describe themselves as bisexual has jumped by 45 per cent in just three years, according to official statistics, with more young people saying they are “bi” than gay.
The Office for National Statistics said the number of people in the UK openly identifying as bisexual jumped from 230,000 in 2012 to 334,000 when the most recent population survey was carried out last year. Among 16 to 24 year olds, 1.8 per cent said they were bisexual, compared with 1.5 per cent who said they were gay or…
Ground Report
Today, the area is known to be one of the most polluted places in the city.
52-year-old Lakshmi Devi sits at her shop in Gampal Basti in Hyderabad's Jeedimetla area narrating the incidents of September 21.
"During the rains, the water was gushing fast through the nala, but that night it started rising. It soon entered all our homes and even my shop. That's the wall that broke, because of which the water entered the street," she points out.
(The wall that the Nala breached, still remains broken)
"I had losses worth thousands of rupees. Everything on the ground and the first two shelves was washed away or spoiled. Now, I am building things back," she adds.
In September, during the heavy rains in Hyderabad, the nala, which is thick with chemicals from the Jeedimetla industrial area, overflowed along many points, as it made its way to join the Kukatpally nala that, in turn, converges at the Hussain Sagar.
This was the same nala that collected the toxic froth, which eventually flowed down the road near Liberty.
Read - Video: After Bengaluru, now lake in Hyderabad overflows with froth
"The water was thick, dark and smelly, and those who used it got rashes and itchy skin," Devi adds.
The local residents say that officials had visited them following the incident, making promises to ensure that such things would not recur. However, they were yet to pay them a second visit after the rains subsided.
(Garbage stacks up at many points along the Nala)
However, for the residents of Jeedimetla, this is no new phenomenon.
The Jeedimetla industrial area is home to hundreds of small scale industries, and larger chemical and pharmaceutical industries that have sprung up over decades.
At one time, it was considered one of the biggest industrial estates in Asia.
Today, the area is known to be one of the most polluted places in the city, with ground water unfit for drinking, unless it is properly purified.
Jeedimetla was declared as an industrial area in 1950, along with Patancheru and Katedan, prior to which it used to be agricultural land, due to its proximity to the Fox Sagar Lake and other water bodies.
The growth of Jeedimetla as an industrial hub, started around the same time that the Indian Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Ltd (IDPL) plant was allotted in the 1960s to Hyderabad under the then unified Andhra Pradesh government.
"Hundreds of small scale industries soon followed suit in the 1960s with little or no regard for environmental consequences, as the Pollution Control Board (PCB) itself was formed only in 1974. Chemical industries also started sprouting up as it was considered to be the outskirts of the city, at the time," says Purushotham Reddy, an environmentalist.
As one visits the area, an overwhelmingly pungent smell is the first thing that greets the visitor, and it stays with one throughout the area that spans many kilometers.
Today, it also houses many residential colonies along the Quthbullapur Nala, with residents constantly breathing in this air.
"You get used to it. I don't even smell it anymore. Only when people come from other areas, they ask us about it," says Asif, a 17-year-old manning his mother's shop while she takes a break.
"The drinking water is a bit muddy, but now the government is saying that they will provide us with water from the Godavari project, so hopefully things will get better," Asif adds, as he uncovers a full pot of water, revealing a layer of mud at the bottom.
"You wait for it to settle, drink from the top and throw away the last part," he says.
Officials at the local Hyderabad Metro Water Supply and Sewage Board (HMWSSB) however, downplay the issue.
"Of course, since it is an industrial area, there is slight pollution. We have installed a purification plant where we clean the water with Chlorine before supplying it for both industrial and residential purposes," says Khaiser Ahmed, who manages the local branch of the HMWSSB.
(The Chlorine tank)
For a few years now, many residents in the area, have complained of breathlessness but to no avail.
Reports add that in some areas including Bachupally, Malampet and Jeedimetla, residents cannot step out of their houses, due to the stench.
These residents also reportedly face health complications such as bronchitis, allergic asthma, acute skin diseases and even tuberculosis.
(Despite being laden with chemical effluents, the water flows through the area in open drains)
There have been many protests in the area and many residents have called for the shifting of the factories, as urbanisation has now seen many residential complexes in the area.
The government on its part, has also stated that it will shift these industries beyond the Outer Ring Road (ORR) of Hyderabad and ensure that they take steps to cut pollution.
In 2013, following a committee report, the then united Andhra Pradesh government, decided to either partly or fully shift the majority of the 13 industrial estates that fall within the ORR limits.
In July this year, the Telangana industries department brought up the move again, this time setting itself a time frame to move 1,068 polluting industries by the end of December 2017.
"We want to make Hyderabad a city sans industrial pollution, a city with zero industrial pollution. We are trying to relocate the 'red' and 'orange' industries from within outer ring road (ORR) to outside of the city," Urban Development Minister KT Rama Rao, who also holds the portfolios of Industries, Commerce and IT, asserted in August.
The minister went on to add:
"The relocation does not mean shifting of the pollution problem from Hyderabad to another area... When they shift to these clusters, they should be 100 per cent pollution-free. We also have a plan in a time-bound manner, along with Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation, to create common affluent treatment plants in each of these clusters even before these industries move out so that there is no pollution problem in new locations."
However, activists are unwilling to believe the promises of the government until they are actually enacted.
Over the last 26 years, Purushotham says, environmentalists in Hyderabad have got more than 40 orders from courts including the SC, with regard to the pollution from the industries in Hyderabad. However, a majority of them have reportedly not been implemented due to the lack of a special institution.
"After the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act in 1981, there were rules laid down by the government and after the more comprehensive Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 came into being, the Ministry of Environment and Forests started sending notices," says Purushotham Reddy.
"In 1987, even the Supreme Court became active, citing people's Right to Life to rescue people affected by pollution. However, the problem is that there is no special institution that ensures that these orders are implemented," Purushotham adds.
Even the PCB, has admitted that it can only give directives, which cannot be enforced.
"We need a law or an institution, to ensure that the people who do not implement these orders are punished. For now, the 'pharma capital' of the world, is just gradually poisoning its citizens that live in these areas," Purushotham adds.
In his most recent article, AGAINST INDIVIDUAL IQ WORRIES, Scott ‘truth bombs' everyone about IQ, with phrasing that departs from his typical nuanced tone, such as calling critics ‘IQ denialists' and dismissing emotional IQ as a ‘silly theory'. This is an article that needed to be written, because there are a lot of misconceptions about IQ.
Scott writes, “I'm kind of annoyed I have to write this post. After investing so much work debunking IQ denialists, I feel like this is really – I don't know – diluting the brand.”
It's not so much that these people deny IQ exists, but rather they deny that: it is of predictive power for individual socioeconomic and national outcomes, that is varies among races, and that it can be reliably measured. The typical arguments are “even if some people are smarter than others, it doesn't matter,” “social programs can close IQ gaps,” “IQ does not measure anything important,” “IQ tests are racist/biased,” or “a high IQ must be in lieu of a more important trait (such as honesty or creativity),” “I have a friend with a high IQ and he is a loser in life,” and last but not least “it only measures how well you do on IQ tests.”
Related: Beyond the Blank Slate: How Libs Turn High-IQ Into a Handicap:
But the left is resourceful. When pressed, many will concede that, yes some people are smarter than others and this intelligence may have a biological origin, but that's where it ends. The left's most effective strategy in downplaying the benefits and significance of IQ is turn high-IQ into handicap. Yes, being better now means you're worse.
Going back to Scott's article, the overarching thesis is that IQ is a better predictor in the aggregate than at the individual level. IQ cannot predict specifically how well or poorly someone will do: some average-IQ people become scientists; some geniuses become janitors, even if ‘on average' scientists are 30 points smarter than janitors.
Unfortunately, Scott gets things wrong, too. He starts off by saying (I'm just going to blockquote the entire thing because it won't make sense unless you read the entire section):
But every so often, I get comments/emails saying something like “Help! I just took an IQ test and learned that my IQ is x! This is much lower than I thought, and so obviously I will be a failure in everything I do in life. Can you direct me to the best cliff to jump off of?” So I want to clarify: IQ is very useful and powerful for research purposes. It's not nearly as interesting for you personally. How can this be? Consider something like income inequality: kids from rich families are at an advantage in life; kids from poor families are at a disadvantage. From a research point of view, it's really important to understand this is true. A scientific establishment in denial that having wealthy parents gave you a leg up in life would be an intellectual disgrace. Knowing that wealth runs in families is vital for even a minimal understanding of society, and anybody forced to deny that for political reasons would end up so hopelessly confused that they might as well just give up on having a coherent world-view. From an personal point of view, coming from a poor family probably isn't great but shouldn't be infinitely discouraging. It doesn't suggest that some kid should think to herself “I come from a family that only makes $30,000 per year, guess that means I'm doomed to be a failure forever, might as well not even try”. A poor kid is certainly at a disadvantage relative to a rich kid, but probably she knew that already long before any scientist came around to tell her. If she took the scientific study of intergenerational income transmission as something more official and final than her general sense that life was hard – if she obsessively recorded every raise and bonus her parents got on the grounds that it determined her own hope for the future – she would be giving the science more weight than it deserves.
The mistake he is conflating IQ (which is biological and thus intrinsic to the individual) with parental wealth (which is not). Studies have shown that the high-IQ poor have higher levels of socioeconomic mobility than the less intelligent. And from the article Despite indoctrination, a college degree may still be the best path out of poverty
…67% of poor college grads are at least 50-percentile in wealth compared to 49% of rich high school dropouts. It's even better when you compare poor high school dropouts vs. poor college graduates, which is why a college degree may still be worth the money and the best pathway out of poverty, especially if you major in STEM.
…and from IQ, Education, and Upward Mobility
Height at midlife, years of education and childhood IQ were significantly positively related to upward social mobility, while number of siblings had no significant effect. For each standard deviation increase in IQ score at the age 11, the chances of upward social mobility increases by 69% (with a 95% confidence). After controlling the effect of independent variables, only IQ at age 11 was significantly inversely related to the downward in social mobility. Which means that more years of education help a man to surpass his father's social class, and that low IQ makes a man prone to fall behind his father's social class.
One can change their socioeconomic standing; one cannot change their IQ.
Nobel-winning physicist Richard Feynman famously scored “only” 124 on an IQ test in school – still bright, but nowhere near what you would expect of a Nobelist. Some people point out that it might have been biased towards measuring verbal rather than math abilities – then again, Feynman's autobiography (admittedly edited and stitched together by a ghostwriter) sold 500,000 copies and made the New York Times bestseller list. So either his tested IQ was off by at least 30 points (supposed chance of this happening: 1/505 million), or IQ isn't real and all of the studies showing that it is are made up by lizardmen to confuse us. In either case, you should be less concerned if your own school IQ tests seem kind of low.
Feynman's ‘low IQ' is probably more urban legend than reality. No one knows the type of IQ test he took (which would be important in knowing how much the test was ‘verbal loaded' vs. ‘math loaded'), or if this ever happened, because he has never produced official records. It's possible he got an ‘average' score on the verbal parts and maximum score on the quantitative, producing an ‘above average' score of 125.
Of note:
This is absolutely consistent with population averages of thousands of IQ estimate still being valuable and useful research tools. It just means you shouldn't use it on yourself. Statistics is what tells us that almost everybody feels stimulated on amphetamines. Reality is my patient who consistently goes to sleep every time she takes Adderall. Neither the statistics nor the lived experience are wrong – but if you use one when you need the other, you're going to have a bad time.
In part 3, Scott shows a box plot of various professions with their predicted IQs.
I don't know how better to demonstrate this idea of “statistically solid, individually shaky”. On a population level, we see that the average doctor is 30 IQ points higher than the average janitor, that college professors are overwhelmingly high-IQ, and we think yeah, this is about what we would hope for from a statistic measuring intelligence. But on an individual level, we see that below-average IQ people sometimes become scientists, professors, engineers, and almost anything else you could hope for.
But the problem is many of these job titles, especially for high-IQ professions, are non-specific. What work does a ‘miscellaneous engineer', ‘computer occupation', or a ‘creative occupation' entail? A ‘computer job' can be as simple as inputting data, to as complicated as coding, which the chart does not differentiate between. I'm sure the people on the lower end of the ‘computer occupation' IQ range are not going to be programming Unix, for example. It also does not differentiate between wages.
And then you can either resist that with every breath you have – deny all the data, picket the labs where it's studied, make up silly theories about “emotional intelligence” and “grit” and what have you. Or you can surrender to the darkness, at least have the comfort of knowing that you accept the grim reality as it is.
Contrary to popular belief, it's not that EQ competes with IQ, but rather they are different categories, one being an intrinsic trait and the other being a skill. It's not so much that EQ is useless or silly, but rather EQ is a skill, which, unlike IQ, can be taught, and one who posses such skills, all else being equal, is at an advantage over someone who lacks such skills. EQ is the ability to put oneself in another person's perspective. Let's assume for example I want to post links to my blog on a Reddit sub. I know that if I post too many links at once, I will annoy people and possibly get banned. That is an example of applying EQ.
So please: study the science of IQ. Use IQ to explain and predict social phenomena. Work on figuring out how to raise IQ. Assume that raising IQ will have far-ranging and powerful effects on a wide variety of social problems. Just don't expect it to predict a single person's individual achievement with any kind of reliability. Especially not yourself.
Agree. If you see someone spouting nonsense about IQ, kindly direct them here
Bi the Bi: Two Bi Writers on Big Bi Issues
This blog post is part of an ongoing conversation between two bisexual activists. A.J. Walkley and Sarah Smith* are both monogamous, bisexual, cisgender females who are in long-term relationships. A.J. is in a relationship with a cisgender male, and Sarah is in a relationship with a cisgender female. Both A.J. and Sarah are committed to remaining visible as bisexuals in spite of society's tendency to want to label A.J. as heterosexual and Sarah as a lesbian. Together they came up with the idea for "Bi the Bi: Two Bi Writers on Big Bi Issues" as a way to help eliminate stereotypes and bias against people in the bisexual community.
*pseudonym
Question: "How do you respond when asked if bisexuality is a choice?"
Sarah: First I try to determine why the person is asking the question. When someone asks a bisexual person if their sexual orientation is a choice, they are often wondering, "Could you be heterosexual if you just tried hard enough?" The thought on the heels of that is "because if you can be heterosexual, then I would like to force you to be, or punish you for being anything else."
A.J.: Personally, when presented with the question "is bisexuality a choice?" I usually turn it around on the questioner. If the person asking is heterosexual, I will ask, "Did you choose to be straight?" If the person is homosexual, I ask, "Did you choose to be gay?" Each time I've done so, the questioner has usually floundered and answered with some form of "of course not: My sexuality isn't a choice." Well, neither is mine, I tell them.
A likely follow-up question will be "because you are attracted to more than one gender, don't you choose which gender to date or become intimate with?" I enjoy turning this around, as well. I will ask straight questioners, "Haven't you ever been attracted to more than one person of the opposite sex at the same time?" I will ask gay and lesbian inquirers, "Haven't you ever felt an attraction to more than one same-sex individual?" Just because bisexuals have the capacity to be attracted to more than one gender doesn't mean we end up dating or having sex with multiple people at once. Of course, it doesn't mean that some of us don't, either.
Sarah: I do not experience my sexual orientation as a choice. Bisexuality is the capacity for meaningful attraction to people of the same gender as myself and people of different genders from myself. I have always been bisexual, and there was no moment in my life when I decided to be. People occasionally ask, "Do bisexuals choose between being in a relationship with a man and being in a relationship with a woman?" Some bisexuals do. Some of them make gender-based choices, and some just fall in love. (You don't always choose whom you fall in love with.) Some bisexuals choose one of the variations of consensual nonmonogamy, or they make a choice to seek out a partner of a specific gender, or they simply fall in love with a person, gender being irrelevant, or being one small factor among many. The fact that there is some element of gender choice for some of us doesn't mean that we should be taught that we're bad for being bisexual, or forced to only be with "opposite-sex" people. We have the right to be treated with kindness and respect. We have a right to be with the person we love and have our relationships and our lives treated equally under the law.
A.J.: I couldn't agree with you more, Sarah. Truly, the idea of "choice" when it comes to anyone's sexual orientation is irrelevant. My relationship and my decision to enter into it has no bearing on anyone else other than me and my partner. I would love to know how our readers feel about this question, though. Have you ever been asked this question? If so, how did you reply? Have you ever asked this question of someone else? Please comment below with your thoughts about the idea of bisexuality being a choice.
Thirty-two countries attending the 35th session of the United Nations Human Rights Council said they have “deep concerns” over the summary killings linked to President Rodrigo Duterte's war against illegal drugs.
They also called on the Philippines to accept a visit from UN Special Rapporteur Agnes Callamard.
The statement was read by Högni S. Kristjánsson, Permanent Representative of Iceland, on behalf of the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania,Luxembourg, Malta, Montenegro, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom.
“We wish to express our deep concerns over the high number of killings associated with the so-called ‘war on drugs' in the Philippines,” the statement read.
The countries said they are “alarmed that over 7000 people have reportedly been killed since the anti-drug campaign was launched last July, many in circumstances, which remain, unexplained.”
They also expressed concern at the alleged lack of investigation or accountability for the killings, which they said is “contrary to basic democratic safeguards and the rule of law.”
“While understanding the negative implications of drug addiction and its consequences in the Philippines, any efforts to respond to the challenge of illicit drugs must be carried out in full compliance with due process and international human rights law,” they said. “We call upon the Philippines to take all necessary measures to bring these killings to an end and to ensure prompt, independent and credible investigations into all violent deaths.”
“We share the concerns of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights regarding harassment, intimidation, threats and killings of human rights defenders in the Philippines and are dismayed at public statements which threaten or appear to support the murder of journalists, human rights defenders or other members of civil society,” the statement said.
The 32 nations called on the Philippine government to “take immediate steps to create and maintain in law and in practice a safe and enabling environment for civil society and human rights defenders.”
Duterte's rape comment
“We further stress that sexual violence can never be tolerated and call on the Government to strongly condemn the use of sexual violence in conflict,” they said, possibly referring to Duterte's controversial rape comment.
READ: Duterte vows all-out support for troops fighting terrorists – then cracks rape joke
Special rapporteur, UPR
The countries said that the Philippines, as a member of the HRC, should uphold and promote the protection of human rights and cooperate with the council and its mechanisms.
“In this regard, we urge the Philippines to accept a visit from the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, without preconditions or limitations,” they said.
READ: Terms for Callamard visit remain, says DFA
“We further urge and look forward to a positive response by the Philippines regarding recommendations received during its recent UPR (Universal Periodic Review), in particular those relating to rule of law and the issue of unexplained violent deaths,” they said.
READ: CHR: PH to suffer repercussions if it ignores UN on drug slays
READ NEXT
Death sentences on 9 Pinoys in Sabah appealed
“Supergirl” made a successful migration to The CW after spending its first season on CBS. It premiered to a 1.1 rating in adults 18-49 on Monday, tying for the best performance on the network this week. That's the good news.
Now the bad news. Outside of “Supergirl” and a pretty steady return for “Supernatural” on Thursday, The CW has had a somewhat rocky start to the season. The network's other three superhero shows all debuted lower than their previous seasons, and its two new series have thus far not kept pace with the shows that aired in the same spots last season.
Through two weeks — with not all of its shows on the air yet — The CW's originals are averaging a 0.73 rating in adults 18-49 (live + same-day), virtually even with the shows in those same timeslots had last year. (“Reign's” performance on Fridays isn't included here since the network's Friday lineup this season hasn't premiered yet.)
That figure, however, masks some other issues. The network is down in four of the seven timeslots where it's aired original programming thus far and flat in a fifth. Here are its averages through two weeks of programming last season and this season.
2015-16 2016-17 Timeslot Show 18-49 rating Show 18-49 rating Monday 8 p.m. Crazy Ex-Girlfriend 0.3 Supergirl 1.1 Tuesday 8 p.m. The Flash 1.4 The Flash 1.2 Tuesday 9 p.m. iZombie 0.6 No Tomorrow 0.35 Wednesday 8 p.m. Arrow 1.05 Arrow 0.7 Wednesday 9 p.m. Supernatural 0.85 Frequency 0.35 Thursday 8 p.m. The Vampire Diaries 0.6 Legends of Tomorrow 0.6 Thursday 9 p.m. The Originals 0.45 Supernatural 0.8
Source: The Nielsen Company.
“Supergirl” and its 1.1 in adults 18-49 is a big upgrade over the previous occupant of its 8 p.m. Monday slot, “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” — which opened with just a 0.3 last season. “Supernatural” has similarly improved Thursdays at 9 (0.8 vs. 0.45 for “The Originals” last season), but that's more than offset by the loss from its move away from Wednesday, where “Frequency” has thus far managed only a 0.35.
If you take away the “Supergirl”/”Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” swap, the rest of The CW is down 19 percent thus far. Even flagship show “The Flash” (-14 percent) is down, while “Arrow” (-33 percent) is down more, having failed to regain any audience from its finale last spring to the new season.
The “why” is harder to pinpoint. Most veteran series have returned to lower ratings this fall, and declines for “The Flash,” “Arrow” and “Legends of Tomorrow” fit that pattern. (“Supernatural's” first episode was off only slightly from last season, 0.8 vs. 0.9).
“Frequency” and fellow rookie “No Tomorrow,” however, have been sore spots. Most new shows this season have drawn ratings at or above their network's average. “No Tomorrow” and “Frequency” are currently drawing less than half The CW's average, and ratings typically don't rise much, if at all, after the first few weeks of a show's life.
While on-air ratings are down, The CW is also staking out new ground in digital delivery of its shows. The network's offerings stream only on The CW's website and app, as a prior deal with Hulu for next-day streaming expired earlier this year and wasn't renewed. (Hulu said at the time that “The Flash” and “Arrow” were the only CW shows that brought “meaningful traffic” to the site.)
Anecdotally, it appears that a good number of Hulu users have made the switch (reluctantly, in some cases) to the network's player. The CW gets to keep whatever ad revenue it makes from streaming on its own app (which wasn't the case at Hulu), so that's a plus, albeit not necessarily a huge one.
There's also the question of whether the subpar performances we're seeing now will actually matter come renewal time. “The Flash” and “Arrow” don't figure to be going anywhere unless the floor completely drops out, and “Supernatural,” “Legends of Tomorrow” and “Supergirl” all look safe for now as well.
The CW also has a new five-year deal with Netflix that will make full seasons of its shows available to stream eight days after their finales. The network's previous deal with the streaming giant is often credited with helping keep low-rated critical favorites like “Crazy Ex” and “Jane the Virgin” on the air. Maybe it can do the same for “No Tomorrow” or “Frequency.”
Then again, even The CW has to be concerned when its new shows average a combined 0.25 among adults 18-49 in just their second week on the air, without the near-unanimous critical acclaim of “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.” The network has renewed all but two of its scripted series in the past two seasons. Based on early returns, it will be tougher to match that record this time out.
US Navy caught soliciting for 0-day security bugs
The US government seems to really have a thing about backdoors, which doesn't sound good whether or not you have an overactive mind. It is almost understandable that the CIA and the NSA and the FBI would want such kind of access to software, but now even the Navy seems to be in on the scheme. Advocacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation or EFF discovered that the Navy posted, and later took down, an online solication that, in essence, was trying to buy zero or N day security bugs from widely used software.
The US government's belief is that, with a well-placed security hole, they can quickly and quietly get in and out of computers and networks, all for the sake of national security. It believes in that idea so strongly that, at one point, the government not only did not report discovered vulnerabilities, it was also covertly trying to keep those holes open, if not creating new ones.
This latest listing from the Navy falls squarely in that philosophy. A zero day exploit, or one that is less than 60 days old, is of extreme interest to them because these are the exploits that have not yet been patched up. Meaning, they remain open to be exploited. And who better to do the exploiting than the government itself. And it's not just any software, mind you. It wants bugs in widely used and relied on software like those form Adobe, Microsoft, and Google. While tech companies are setting up bounties and contests to discover and fix these bugs, the Navy will pay to keep those open instead. As long as it can exploit them, of course.
The problem with this line of reasoning, which has been stated to death, is that a backdoor doesn't discriminate between the good guys and the bad guys. Anyone who knows th backdoor can get in, and in the case of hackers, knowing that a backdoor merely exists is enough to get it cracked wide open eventually.
For now, the Navy has taken down the posting, showing that it is somewhat reluctant to let that particular activity be known to the public. At the same time, however, it also proves to what extent government agencies are willing to go just to get that backdoor access.
SOURCE: EFF
VIA: Boing Boing
Electronic cigarettes (aka “e-cigarettes” or “e-cigs”) are battery-powered devices made to mimic traditional cigarettes.
Many e-cigs contain volatile batteries that have been known to explode, leading to lawsuits filed against manufacturers and retailers.
They are often shaped like cigarettes or pipes, and work by heating a nicotine mixture called “e-liquid,” “e-juice,” or “vape juice.” The e-liquid vaporizes, and the user inhales, getting a buzz from the nicotine in the e-liquid. Smoking an e-cigarette is called “vaping.”
Most e-liquids contain some combination of nicotine, glycerin, propylene glycol, and flavorings—which vary wildly. Many have been shown to contain formaldehyde, which is more commonly used in industrial-strength resins and embalming fluids. Some flavorings include diacetyl, which infamously causes “Popcorn Lung,” a chronic, irreversible lung disease.
Many e-cigs contain volatile batteries that have been known to explode, leading to lawsuits filed against manufacturers and retailers. Our team has already filed several lawsuits against e-cig companies, and we will file many more in the days to come.
Are They Safer?
Though some studies suggest that e-cigarettes are a healthier alternative to regular cigarettes, they are such an unknown commodity that the jury is very much still out, data-wise. In fact, some research indicates that e-cigarettes could be more dangerous than traditional ones. Because they have only been on the market for about a decade, there is no research on their long-term effects.
Three out of four vapers also smoke, which debunks the myth that segueing to vaping allows people to quit. Moreover, there have been dozens of e-cigarette explosions in recent years due to the volatility of the lithium-ion battery—the same kind of battery found in exploding hoverboards and Samsung Galaxy phones.
The FDA started regulating the vape industry in August 2016, but prior to that there had been no federal oversight. Given that lack of regulation, the lack of research, the questionable ingredients, and the volatile batteries, it's hard to imagine that vaping is a “safer” form of anything.
A Brief History of E-Cigarettes
A Chinese pharmacist named Hon Lik invented the e-cigarette in 2003, after the idea came to him in a dream. It hit the market in China the next year and quickly amassed a small but loyal following. (Today, most e-cigarettes are still made in China.)
E-cigarettes reached the U.S. five years later, in 2009. While sales of conventional cigarettes declined every year between 2011 and 2014, e-cigarettes (not coincidentally) followed the opposite trajectory. In 2014 particularly sales soared, hitting the $3 million mark domestically and the $7 billion mark worldwide. E-cigs have proved especially trendy among young people: from 2013 to 2014, the number of middle and high schoolers who vape tripled.
Today, one in ten Americans vapes. But with this widespread use has come increased scrutiny and serious questions about the health and safety of e-cigarettes (see next two sections). As a result, the FDA has vowed to begin regulating the industry in the near future. But some government bodies don't want to wait that long.
In March 2015, the state of Indiana voted to regulate the e-cig industry, banning sales to minors, requiring childproof caps, and enacting strict manufacturing safety standards. (Nine months later, a vaping advocacy group, along with several retailers and manufacturers, sued the state over the new regulations, which they deemed “unconstitutional.”)
In September 2015, the District of Columbia voted to enact a 65% excise tax on all e-cigarette products, which some expected would tax vape shops out of existence.
In March 2016, a Vermont bill that would tax e-cigarettes like regular tobacco (at 92%) won preliminary approval from the House. (The bill's sponsor, Rep. George Till, says the bill would deter minors from buying e-cigarettes.) That same month, the Transportation Department banned e-cigarettes on all domestic and international flights that fly into or out of the United States.
Some experts have linked these new regulations and safety concerns with slowed growth in the industry, but sales are still expected to increase by 57% in 2016. This is “only” half of the e-cig industry's compound annual growth rate of 115% from 2010-2014.
On May 5, 2016, the FDA announced that it would begin regulating the e-cigarette industry in early August (giving companies 90 days to comply with new rules). The FDA also banned the sale of e-cigarettes to minors.
Popularity Soars, Especially Among Young People
With fun, colorful flavors like Bubble Gum, Cotton Candy, Cupcake, Graham Cracker, Marshmallow, Sour Apple, and Goblin Goo (among countless others), e-cig companies target children and adolescents in their marketing with devastating efficiency. From 2013 to 2014, the number of middle and high schoolers who vape tripled.
Across the board, e-cigarettes are exponentially more popular than they were ten years ago. It is now a $7 billion global industry made up of roughly 500 brands. (Some of the most popular brands include V2, Halo, VaporFi, and blu.) By some projections, e-cig sales could surpass conventional cigarettes' by 2022.
Health Concerns Over Ingredients
From September 2010 to February 2014, the number of e-cigarette-related calls to poison control centers skyrocketed, from just one call per month to 215. Over half the calls involved children under the age of five, many of whom had ingested the liquid nicotine found in the devices.
A January 2015 study in The New England Journal of Medicine determined that hidden formaldehyde in e-cigarettes makes the risk of developing cancer 5 to 15 times higher that of traditional cigarettes. Formaldehyde is most commonly used in industrial resins and as an embalming agent.
In December of last year, an Environmental Health Perspectives study found that many e-cigarettes do not disclose the presence of the flavoring chemical diacetyl, which has long been known as a respiratory hazard. Most infamously, diacetyl caused “Popcorn Lung” in microwave popcorn factory workers. (The name “Popcorn Lung” belies the fact that it is a serious, permanent affliction which sometimes requires lung transplants.) The study discovered diacetyl in 39 of the 51 flavors analyzed: nearly 80%.
The damning data grew this past February, when researchers found that e-cigarettes suppressed a whopping 358 immune genes—305 more than traditional cigarettes. These results suggest that e-cigs may render vapers more susceptible to disease, which is doubly troublesome given that they may also cause disease.
Violent Vape Explosions On the Rise
A rash of violent explosions and grisly injuries have also cast sizable doubt on the safety of e-cigarettes. One high-profile victim is soccer star Danny Califf, who played for ten years as a defender for the L.A. Galaxy, San Jose Earthquakes, Philadelphia Union, Toronto FC, and various European teams.
Mr. Califf's attorney, Greg Bentley, says his client has been horribly disfigured by an e-cigarette that blew up in his face in early 2016. Mr. Califf allegedly suffered a broken cheekbone and was concussed after the cigarette's lithium-ion battery shot through his cheek.
These types of explosions, and the gruesome injuries that result, are becoming a regular occurrence.
In February, an e-cigarette exploded in a Kentucky man's pocket while he waited in line at a Shell gas station. The man was rushed to the hospital with second-degree burns. Around the same time, a Naples (Florida) woman's car burst into flames after her e-cigarette exploded. That same month, Rachel Berven's e-cigarette exploded near her mouth, “ripping a hole in her mouth and spewing battery acid across her body.”
In April, a 14-year-old Brooklyn boy named Leor Domatov was blinded in his left eye by an e-cigarette that exploded in his face. On Easter Sunday, an e-cig exploded in a New Hampshire restaurant, burning the hands and face of its owner and hitting “another customer in a nearby booth in the chest, burning part of his shirt and pants,” according to the Sentinel Source. Shell-shocked witnesses described the explosion as a “fireball,” or akin to a fireworks display.
In May, an Albany man's e-cigarette exploded in his face. In July, an Alabama teenager's e-cig exploded, firing a battery into a classmate's face. Later that month, a Michigan man's vape device exploded in his pocket, burning his legs.
The eruptions above—which involve the same kind of battery found in exploding hoverboards—are just the tip of the iceberg. There were at least 25 e-cig explosions between 2009 and 2014, at least a dozen more in 2015, and there have already been several in 2016. According to The Wall Street Journal, the FDA received 134 reports of vape-related fires and explosions from 2009 to January 2016.
As e-cigarettes' popularity grows, and as more people come forward, these numbers will only rise.
E-Cigarette Lawsuits
The myriad explosions and other health hazards associated with e-cigarettes have generated a flood of lawsuits against e-cig manufacturers. Our team has already filed several lawsuits against e-cig companies, and we will file many more in the days to come.
Side effects for eligible parties may include the following:
Burns, scarring, or other injuries from e-cig explosion
Popcorn Lung (coughing, shortness of breath)
Asthma
Chronic Bronchitis
Breathing problems
If you or a loved one has been injured by e-cigarettes, please contact us immediately to complete a free case review. Don't hesitate; these cases are time-sensitive, and you may be entitled to compensation.
Manu Tuilagi made his England debut against Wales in 2011
Leicester and England centre Manu Tuilagi is set to miss the rest of the season because of a groin injury, says Tigers boss Richard Cockerill.
Tuilagi, 23, is still recovering from the injury he suffered in October.
Cockerill is confident Tuilagi will return in time to play at the World Cup for the national side, who came close to winning the Six Nations without him.
"He's improving all the time but the likelihood now is he may not play this season," he told BBC Radio 5 live.
"The likelihood is he will be fit for June and he'll join England for their World Cup camp.
"Hopefully he'll be involved in the World Cup warm-ups and have a huge say in how England do."
Stuart Lancaster's tournament hosts get their World Cup campaign under way against Fiji at Twickenham on 18 September.
Before that, they face warm-up fixtures against France in August, both home and away, before a final run-out against Ireland at Twickenham on 5 September.
Samoa-born Tuilagi has won 25 caps and scored 11 tries for England, while also featuring once for the British and Irish Lions.
His last international outing came during England's 3-0 Series defeat to New Zealand in June.
As part of his treatment, Tuilagi has had prolotherapy - involving injections of a sugar solution.
It's been a long time since a Star Trek television show felt like it was really going where no one had gone before — or even to relatively infrequently visited places. Although the original 1966 series dared to feature an interracial kiss, the franchise as a whole missed the boat on LGBT representation until it was already mainstream. And between Star Trek: Enterprise and the reboot films, the Trek series has spent the last decade flailing around in lackluster retreads of its own tropes.
But in the November 12th episode “Into the Forest I Go” Star Trek: Discovery explored a subject that few mainstream shows have had the guts to tackle meaningfully: the rape and sexual abuse of men. The subject is even more important amid the current conversation about sexual assault, inspired by an avalanche of accusations in the entertainment industry, which are still rolling out at a feverish pitch.
Most of these accusations have been made by women against powerful men, but Star Trek: Discovery actor Anthony Rapp is a reminder that women are not the only victims of predatory sexual advances. Rapp, who plays science officer Lieutenant Paul Stamets, recently accused actor Kevin Spacey, 12 years his senior, of attempting to sexually assault him when he was only 14. Like Rose McGowan's accusations against Harvey Weinstein, Rapp's story set off a cascade of reports from more than a dozen other men who say Spacey assaulted them, which led to Netflix cutting ties with the House of Cards star and Ridley Scott replacing Spacey in a completed film. The accusations may even result in criminal charges for Spacey.
As our culture grapples with the endemic nature of sexual abuse, we cannot ignore the assaults experienced by men, or the way they are often silenced by stigmas and myths: that being raped is emasculating and signifies weakness; that it is impossible for women to rape boys or men; or that men are not traumatized by unwanted come-ons from women, because they are always eager for sex.
The unexpected poster child for this conversation on Star Trek: Discovery is the ship's chief of security, Lieutenant Ash Tyler (Shazad Latif). Tyler is first seen in the episode “Choose Your Pain” where he shares a cell in a Klingon prison with the captured Captain Lorca (Jason Isaacs). When Tyler reveals that he's been held captive for more than seven months, Lorca is incredulous. No one survives Klingon torture that long, he insists. Tyler pauses. “The captain of this ship — she's taken a liking to me,” he says. Lorca's expression tightens; he knows what that means.
Like many survivors before him, Tyler finds that escaping from his abuser isn't easy — physically or psychologically. During the inevitable prison break, as he tries to limp to the escape ship, the Klingon captain L'rell appears to block his way. “Did you really think you could leave me?” she hisses, looming in front of him. “After all we've been through?” He grapples with her, punches her with a wild fury, and makes his way out, clearly shaken.
On television, personal trauma has a way of disappearing at the end of an episode, once the immediate drama and emotional impact has passed. But with the mid-season finale “Into the Forest I Go,” Discovery acknowledged the ugly reality that it's rarely easy to move on after sexual assault. Although Tyler seems to thrive in his new life on Discovery, and his role as security chief, even starting a romance with Michael Burnham (Sonequa Martin-Green), his scars persist beneath his affable surface.
“You put on a facade, like everything that happens to you just washes off,” Burnham tells him. But the lasting impact of his wounds come into play when Tyler surreptitiously beams to a Klingon flagship for a mission, and comes face-to-face yet again with the woman who raped and tortured him. This time, his reaction is even more profound. Despite all his battle training, he freezes, unable to fire his weapon, and he loses himself in a series of horrifying flashbacks.
Later, he tells Burnham that his former captor is “the reason I've had nightmares every night since Captain Lorca and I fled her ship.” His voice starts to break. “She's also the only reason I'm still alive. Two hundred and twenty-seven days. But it only took one to realize I wasn't going to make it out alive. Not unless I made a choice.” That choice is familiar to many abuse survivors: resist and face violence or death, or cooperate with an abuser and try to get out alive.
“I encouraged it,” he says, tears in his eyes. “Her sick affections, her obsession with me, because if I hadn't, I'd be dead like all the others. And I got out. I get to keep living my life.” Although he doesn't seem ashamed, per se, he's clearly haunted by his decision, and by the violations he had to suffer to save himself.
He's unquestionably strong, brave, and trained to defend himself at an elite level. And yet none of this saved him from sexual assault.
What makes this scene all the more significant is how it deviates from historical depictions of rape survivors; Tyler is not only a man, but a highly trained soldier, capable of killing multiple Klingon warriors in hand-to-hand combat. In a battle training simulation with Lorca, he takes out 36 foes with tactical precision. He's unquestionably strong, brave, and trained to defend himself at an elite level. And yet none of this saved him from sexual assault. Faced with a situation where someone had enormous power over him and decided to prey on him, he did what he needed to do in order to get out alive.
It's a pointed rejoinder to the all the Monday morning rape quarterbacks who ask survivors why they didn't fight back against their attackers, or didn't fight harder, even when faced with terrible repercussions. Some people clearly find comfort in picking apart rape survivors' stories, trying to find the “mistake.” Rape is less frightening to some people if they can convince themselves that it only happens when people make bad decisions, or “deserve” it in some way. Tyler's story was designed around a more revealing, frightening truth: the only thing keeping any of us safe from harassment and abuse is our relative power in a situation. And that can be stripped away from any of us, regardless of gender, by a predator with the inclination and opportunity.
Thanks to the bravery of Terry Crews, the actor and former football player best known as the buff Sergeant Terry Jeffords on Brooklyn Nine-Nine, we have a vivid, real-life example to draw on as well. Last month, Crews alleged that a male Hollywood executive groped his genitals at an event in 2016. Even though Crews is six-foot-three, 245 pounds, and known for his muscular physique, he did not feel he could fight back: “I didn't want [to be] ostracized — par [for] the course when the predator has power [and] influence.”
Unlike the experiences Rapp and Crews describe — and the one Discovery depicts — the sexual assault of men is often played as a joke in media, where the punchline is that the man probably wanted it, or at least didn't mind that much. Even Star Trek itself hasn't always been immune to this pernicious myth. In “First Contact,” a 1991-Star Trek: The Next Generation episode, Commander Riker is imprisoned in a hospital on an alien planet, surrounded by a xenophobic populace that's about to turn on him, and possibly kill him. He's approached by a bespectacled female alien who offers to help him escape, but only if he has sex with her.
“I've always wanted to make love with an alien. It's not so much to ask,” she wheedles, grabbing his hand as he pulls back. When he tries to make excuses to extract himself from the situation — he's in a hurry, their biology might be incompatible — she keeps pressing, refusing to take no for an answer. “It's your only way out of here,” she concludes.
The woman's coercive ultimatum should send a chill down anyone's spine, but instead, it's staged as a minor bit of comedy, and Riker rolls his eyes and makes an “Oh well” expression before going along with it. Riker is, after all, a notorious womanizer, and it's implied that he doesn't mind entirely. This is just an amusing speed bump en route to his escape, rather than a serious incident of sexual abuse. (Male-on-male rape is often treated with similar levity, hence the prevalence of “don't drop the soap” humor.) The show cuts to the woman aiding his escape, presumably after extracting whatever sexual acts she desired. It is never discussed again.
Like Tyler, Riker is trying to stay alive in a potentially fatal situation. Like Tyler, he is forced to trade sex for survival. But the implication is that his libido is so omnivorous that he has no boundaries to violate, and that even the most coercive and controlling sex is still a minor inconvenience at most. This scene is played for comedy, but it's sickening — not only for its inherent awfulness, but also for the message it sends to male survivors who have been told that their assaults are laughable, hardly to be considered assaults at all.
Bravo to Star Trek: Discovery for acknowledging what men like Rapp and Crews already know, and that the rest of us have a moral imperative to recognize: sexual abuse can happen to anyone, even strong, heroic men; that it isn't their fault, and perhaps most importantly, they aren't alone.
Tacloban City Philippines Part II “The Rebuilding”
As most of our readers know Tacloban was hit by the largest Typhoon to have ever to be recorded,and The Rebuilding of Tacloban City Philippines will take time. The damage was significant and widespread with numerous buildings destroyed by the very large and surprising storm surge. As with most large disasters people need time to grieve and to become adjusted to the new norm. Tacloban, and the surrounding towns is no different; but the life and the heart of the city is now showing signs of re-birth. While driving around you can now see a return to everyday life. Buildings downtown are opening for business, and one can now even get an espresso in the one and only coffee cafe available. Chicken restaurant chains have opened every location that was repairable, and the Robinson's mall is operating. Now this does not mean that these businesses are operating at full steam and capacity, but they are open for business.
The driving force of this city has always been small business, and strong signals of a rebound are under way. The building sector, and transportation are in full recovery mode with road side stands popping everywhere. Small grocery stores are opening as well, and banks are open and opening accounts. I suspect that an economic boom is under way since there was nowhere to go but up. Local Filipino businesses should reconise what is happening soon, and a recovery with real financial backbone should rise to the surface. With death and large destruction so widespread; the emotional impact upon ones psychological health needs to be fully understood. My family and I where glad we could help bring some additional joy, and the understanding that hope is real, and tangimable within the reach of everyone involved. As time marches on we expect the city to continue it's economic rebound until it reaches the maximum one would expect in this region of the world.
ExploreTraveler.com
Nirmala Dattatraya Yadav (60), who was booked by the Pune City Police on Thursday in a case of impersonation following a police complaint filed by Medha Vinayak Khole, on Friday refuted all allegations levelled against her, saying that she never hid her caste or marital status. Khole had accused Yadav of hiding her caste and marital status, and pretending to be a married Brahmin woman, to secure a cooking job during a religious event at her house.
Advertising
Yadav, a widow who lives with her son at a rented apartment in Samarth Complex in Raikar Mala, Wadgaon Dhayari, has filed a cross-complaint against Khole, a scientist with the India Meteorological Department (IMD). Accordingly, police have lodged a non-cognizable offence against Khole under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 584 (intentional insult) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Speaking to The Indian Express, Yadav said, “On September 6, Khole came to my house at 9 pm. She yelled at me and accused me of cheating her by hiding my caste. She said that because of me, her God had been desecrated. She abused me with harsh words and hit me on the head with her bag … she also called the police control room. After some policemen came to my house, Khole shouted at me in front of them …”.
“Next day, I went to the police chowki, where Khole again made false allegations against me. My family members, as well as senior police officers, tried to calm her down, but she remained adamant and lodged a complaint against me…. I have also lodged a complaint against her. Police have cooperated with me and I hope to get justice,” she added.
Advertising
Khole, the deputy director general (weather forecasting) at IMD, had alleged that Yadav had contacted her while she and her sister were looking for a woman who was a Brahmin and a ‘suvasini' (a married woman whose husband is alive), to cook food at their house during religious events, including a ritual called ‘sowala', in May 2016.
Khole had alleged that Nirmala had claimed her surname was Kulkarni, and that she was a Brahmin and also a ‘suvasini', due to which they entrusted her with the task of cooking food during various rituals in 2016 and 2017, and paid her about Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000.
But, claimed Khole, she came to know from a priest that Nirmala was not a Brahmin and that “hurt her religious sentiments”. So, she went to Nirmala's home and questioned her about “hiding her caste”, and then lodged an FIR against her at the Sinhagad Road police station under sections 419 (cheating by personation), 352 (punishment for assault or criminal force otherwise than on grave provocation) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) of the IPC.
Yadav, however, claimed that she had never contacted Khole to seek work. “It was Khole who came looking for me. I don't know from where she got my contact details. I told her my name was Nirmala Yadav and not Kulkarni. Without making any inquiries about my caste and marital status, she offered me the job of cooking at their house during rituals. I cooked for them during three rituals… the most recent one was during Ganeshotsav last week. She has not paid me anything till now. Whenever I asked for money, she gave petty reasons and avoided paying me. She had promised to give me money for my work during the three rituals, which is about 8,000, within a few days. I believed her because she is a senior government officer,” she said.
Instead of paying her, Khole started making “false allegations”, said Yadav. “I never hid the fact that I am a Maratha and a widow… My son used to work at Lavasa, but lost his job two years ago. Because of that, I started accepting cooking jobs to earn some money,” she said.
Yadav's son-in-law Tushar Kakade, an office-bearer of Shivsangram organisation and an active participant in the Maratha agitation, said, “We condemn Dr Khole, who works in the field of science, but whose sentiments are hurt because a widow from another caste cooked during rituals at her house. Khole called her for cooking jobs repeatedly because they liked her work. But instead of respecting the widow, she insulted her by lodging an FIR. Legal action should be taken against Khole for such a shameful act”.
Assistant Police Inspector Jyoti Gadkari said they are probing the offence lodged by Yadav against Khole. Despite repeated attempts, Khole was not available for comments. Meanwhile, Anand Dave of the Akhil Bhartiya Brahman Mahasangh, who initially supported the FIR lodged by Khole, issued a statement saying Khole should take her complaint back, and rituals like ‘Sowala' have nothing to do with the caste of a person.
The Sambhaji Brigade also issued a press release stating that the incident was in violation of the Constitution and demanded action against Khole for “misusing her position to lodge a wrong complaint”.
Representatives of Raje Shivrai Pratishthan, Lokshahi Jagar Manch, Abhinav Nirman Pratishthan, Shivsamarth Pratishthan, as well as activists of Hindutva organisations including Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Bajrang Dal, Samasta Hindu Aghadi and Hindu Mahasabha, held a meeting with Yadav to support her and demanded that Khole should submit an apology for lodging the FIR.
The women's wing of the NCP staged protests near Khole's residence. The Maharashtra Andhashradhha Nirmulan Samiti (MANS) has also condemned Khole's act. A group of activists accompanied by police also marched to the IMD, but officials made it clear that the issue was personal and had nothing to do with the organisation. Khole still holds her post at IMD, Pune, but is known to be on leave for over a year due to health reasons.
Advertising
Khole had been embroiled in a controversy in 2013, when some residents of Sitapark Society had filed about 20 complaints against her and her sister Varsha at the Shivajinagar police station, over some arguments. The Khole sisters had called the complaints fabricated and also filed counter-complaints with police.
NAeL Minas Gerais (pennant number A 11) was a Colossus-class aircraft carrier operated by the Marinha do Brasil (MB, Brazilian Navy) from 1960 until 2001. The ship was laid down for the United Kingdom's Royal Navy during World War II as HMS Vengeance, but was completed only shortly before the war's end, and did not see combat. After stints as a training vessel and Arctic research ship, the carrier was loaned to the Royal Australian Navy from 1952 to 1955. She was returned to the British, who sold her to Brazil in 1956.
The ship underwent a four-year conversion in the Netherlands to make her capable of operating heavier naval aircraft. She was commissioned into the MB as Minas Gerais (named after the state of Minas Gerais) in 1960; the first purchased by a Latin American nation, but the second to enter service, behind the Argentinian ARA Independencia. Between 1987 and 1996, the carrier was unable to operate fixed-wing aircraft because of a defective catapult, and was retasked as a helicopter carrier and amphibious assault ship.
Minas Gerais remained in service until 2001, when she was replaced by NAe São Paulo. At the time of her decommissioning, she was the oldest operational aircraft carrier in the world, and the last operational unit of the World War II Light Fleet design. Despite attempts to preserve the carrier as a museum ship, and after several failed attempts to auction the ship off (including a listing on eBay), Minas Gerais was sold for scrap in 2004 and taken to Alang for breaking up.
Design and construction [ edit ]
The carrier was constructed by Swan Hunter for the Royal Navy (RN) as HMS Vengeance.[2] She was laid down on 16 November 1942, and launched on 23 February 1944.[2] Construction was completed on 15 January 1945, and Vengeance was commissioned into the RN.[2]
The Colossus-class carriers were intended to be 'disposable warships': they were to be operated during World War II and scrapped at the end of hostilities or within three years of entering service.[3] Despite this plan, the ship had a service life of over 55 years across three navies.
Early operational history [ edit ]
After commissioning, Vengeance was assigned to the 11th Aircraft Carrier Squadron, which was attached to the British Pacific Fleet.[4] The carrier arrived in Sydney, Australia in July 1945, but remained in the harbour for refits until the end of World War II.[4] Vengeance operated in the waters of Asia until mid-1946, when she returned to England and was reassigned as a training vessel.[4] In late 1948, Vengeance was converted for Arctic conditions, and from February 1949 to March 1949, she operated in Arctic waters as part of an experimental cruise to determine how well ships, aircraft, and personnel functioned in extreme cold.[4][5]
Vengeance during her Australian service during her Australian service
From late 1952 until mid-1955, Vengeance was loaned to the Royal Australian Navy, to serve in place of the under-construction HMAS Melbourne.[6][7]
Purchase and modernisation [ edit ]
During the leadup to the 1955 presidential election, Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira, governor of the state of Minas Gerais promised Brazilian admirals to acquire an aircraft carrier for the Marinha do Brasil (MB, Brazilian Navy).[8] Kubitschek later claimed that this was to avoid a naval rebellion during his inauguration at the start of 1956, and despite believing in the "military uselessness" of the second-hand warship,[8] the sale of Vengeance to Brazil for US$9 million went through on 14 December 1956.[2]
From mid-1957 until December 1960, the carrier underwent a massive refit and reconstruction in the Netherlands.[2] The work was carried out by Verolme Dock in Rotterdam, and cost US$27 million.[2] The most visible change was the installation of an 8.5-degree angled flight deck.[9] The size of the angle required that an accessway be built around the starboard side of the island superstructure; the weight acting as a counterbalance for the flight deck's portside overhang.[9] Combined with the fitting of a more powerful steam catapult, stronger arresting gear, reinforced hangar elevators, and a mirror landing aid, these modifications permitted the operation of jet aircraft up to 20,000 pounds (9,100 kg) in weight.[9][10] The carrier's island superstructure was replaced, and a lattice mast was fitted to support the new fire control system and radar suite.[2][9] The ship's boiler capacity was increased, and internal electricity was converted to AC through the installation of four turbo generators and one diesel generator.[2]
The carrier was commissioned into the Marinha do Brasil as NAeL Minas Gerais (named for Kubitschek's home state) on 6 December 1960.[2] She departed Rotterdam for Rio de Janeiro on 13 January 1961.[2] The duration of the refit meant that while the carrier was the first purchased by a Latin American nation, she was the second to enter service, after another Colossus-class carrier entered service with the Argentine Navy as ARA Independencia in July 1959.[11]
Weapons and systems [ edit ]
During the ship's modernisation refit to become Minas Gerais, her armament was altered to consist of ten Bofors 40 mm anti-aircraft guns (2 quad mountings and 1 twin mounting), and two 47 mm saluting guns.[1] In 1994, the Bofors were removed and replaced with two twin surface-to-air launchers for Mistral missiles.[1] If additional armament was required, the Bofors could be reinstalled.[1]
By 1996, Minas Gerais was fitted with the following radars: a Lockheed SPS-40B for air search, a Plessey AWS 4 for surface search, a Signaal ZW06 for navigation, two SPG-34 for fire control, and a Scanter Mil-Par for Carrier-Controlled Approach.[1] The two search radars operate on NATO frequency bands designated E and F, the navigation and CCA radars operate on the NATO I band, and the fire control radars on both the and J bands.[1]
Minas Gerais about to launch an S-2 Tracker about to launch an S-2 Tracker
As of the mid-1990s, the carrier's air group consisted of six S-2E Trackers, four to six ASH-3D Sea Kings, two AS-355 Ecureuils, and three A-332 Super Pumas.[1] In 1999, the MB acquired 20 A-4KU Skyhawks and 3 TA-4KU trainer aircraft from the Kuwait Air Force for $US70 million.[12] Minas Gerais began operating these aircraft in late 2000.[13]
Brazilian operational history [ edit ]
In 1965, President Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco permitted the operation of helicopters to the Navy, fixed-wing aircraft were to remain the responsibility of the Força Aérea Brasileira (FAB, Brazilian Air Force).[14] As a result, Minas Gerais was required to embark two air groups: the Navy operated helicopters while the Air Force operated S-2 Tracker aircraft.[15] Consequently, the ship spent most of her Brazilian career operating as an anti-submarine warfare carrier.[12]
Minas Gerais underway in 1984 underway in 1984
From 1976 to 1981, the ship underwent a major refit.[10] Work included the installation of a datalink to improve co-operation with Niteroi-class frigates, updates to the radar suite, and other work to extend the carrier's life expectancy into the 1990s.[10] In 1988, engine problems, combined with the inability for Argentina to fund a required modernisation of ARA Veinticinco de Mayo, saw the Colossus-class carrier confined to port, making Minas Gerais the only active aircraft carrier in the South American region.[15] In December 1987, Minas Gerais herself was laid up after participating in Operation Dragon XXIII because of problems with her aircraft catapult.[16] Although unable to operate as an aircraft carrier, the ship saw use over the following years in training exercises as an amphibious assault ship; using an air group of Eurocopter AS532 Cougar and Eurocopter AS350 Squirrel helicopters to transport Marines ashore.[16]
Minas Gerais underwent a modernisation refit from July 1991 to October 1993.[1] This included the overhaul of the boilers and engines, integration of a SICONTA command system, two new navigation radars and Scanter-MIL landing radar were installed, and preparation for the installation of Simbad launchers for Mistral surface-to-air missiles.[1][17] The launchers themselves were installed in 1994, with the ten Bofors removed at the same time.[1] The Bofors could be reinstalled to complement the ship's armament if needed.[1] In November 1993, the carrier conducted a joint exercise with the Argentine Navy, where Argentine pilots flying Dassault-Breguet Super Étendard aircraft performed 177 touch-and-go landings, in order to maintain their carrier landing qualifications while Veinticinco de Mayo was out of service.[17]
Minas Gerais at anchor in Rio de Janeiro in 1995 at anchor in Rio de Janeiro in 1995
During 1995 and 1996, the ability to operate fixed-wing aircraft was restored to Minas Gerais, after the catapult from the decommissioned Veinticinco de Mayo was acquired and installed.[16] In 1997, Minas Gerais was loaned an A-4Q airframe by the Argentine Aviación Naval (Naval Aviation) for deck-handling and interface trials.[14] This was in lead-up to the 1999 acquisition of 20 A-4KU Skyhawks and three TA-4KU trainer aircraft from the Kuwait Air Force for US$70 million.[12] This was the first time since the carrier's commissioning that Força Aeronaval da Marinha (Brazilian Navy Aviation) had been permitted to own and operate fixed-wing aircraft.[12] The 23 aircraft were formed as the First Intercept and Attack Squadron, had all entered service by early 2000, and began carrier operations in late October 2000.[12][18] In order to operate the new fighters, Minas Gerais underwent a major refit at the Arsenal de Marinha do Rio de Janeiro.[12] The main purpose of this refit was to upgrade the catapult to launch Skyhawks.[12]
Replacement and decommissioning [ edit ]
The replacement of Minas Gerais was first suggested in the early 1980s, as part of planned 15-year naval expansion program.[19] Two different carrier designs were proposed.[19] The first was for a 40,000 ton ship equipped with up to forty aircraft, including naval fighters.[12][19] To complement this proposal, a plan to expand the Brazilian fleet air arm by acquiring second-hand A-4 Skyhawks from Kuwait or Israel was submitted.[20] For this to happen, the 1965 ruling that prevented the MB from operating fixed-wing aircraft had to be overturned; a decision the FAB opposed.[19] To make the purchase worthwhile, Minas Gerais would have to operate the aircraft until the replacement carrier entered service, which in turn required the installation of a modified steam catapult and arresting gear.[20] As the ship had just emerged from a modernisation refit, this was an expensive proposition, and the Skyhawk acquisition plan was cancelled in October 1984.[20] The Skyhawk plan was successfully revisited in the late 1990s. The second proposal was for a 25,000 ton helicopter carrier built to commercial standards.[12][19] Later interpretations of this proposal suggested a ship similar to the Royal Navy's HMS Ocean.[12]
Replacement of Minas Gerais was under serious consideration by 1999; despite numerous refits and life-extending upgrades, the MB predicted that the carrier would require replacement before 2010.[12] As well as the two proposals, consideration was given to acquiring a second-hand carrier, such as the French Navy's Foch.[12] One of the main issues in considering the replacement was the MB's significant investment in fixed-wing aviation in the late 1990s; a carrier capable of operating the recently acquired Skyhawks would be more expensive to acquire and operate than a STOVL or helicopter carrier, but the cheaper concepts would require the refactoring of Brazilian naval aviation.[12] In the end, Foch was acquired, renamed NAe São Paulo, and slated to commission into the Marinha do Brasil in April 2001.[18]She was downclassed as a helicopter support ship in 2001 before her decommissioning. [21]
Minas Gerais was decommissioned on 16 October 2001: the second last of the World War II-era light aircraft carriers to leave service, with the other being the 1959-commissioned INS Viraat (former HMS Hermes) which was ordered during the war but not completed and was the oldest aircraft carrier still in service in the world until it was decommissioned in 2017. [3][22] At the time of her decommissioning, she was the second oldest active aircraft carrier in the world (a title passed on to the 1961-commissioned USS Kitty Hawk) Also at the decommissioning ceremony was 87 year old Admiral Hélio Leôncio Martins who was the first commander of the aircraft carrier. Also there was crew who had served on the Minas Gerais at different times [23] The carrier was marked for sale in 2002, and was sought after by British naval associations for return to the United Kingdom and preservation as a museum ship, although they were unable to raise the required money.[24][25] Just before Christmas 2003, the carrier was listed for sale on auction website eBay by a user claiming to be a shipbroker representing the owner.[26] Bidding reached £4 million before the auction was removed from the website under rules preventing the sale of military ordnance.[26] An auction in Rio de Janeiro in February 2004 also failed to sell the ship.[25] Sometime between February and July 2004, the carrier was towed to the ship breaking yards at Alang, India for dismantling.[25]
See also [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Books
Journal articles
Corless, Josh (1 June 1999). "The Brazilian Navy blazes a trail in the South Atlantic". Jane's Navy International . Jane's Information Group. 104 (006).
English, Adrian J. (2002). "Focus on Latin American Navies". Naval Forces . Bonn Mönch. 23 (6): 53–64. ISSN 0722-8880.
English, Adrian J. (1 May 1996). "Latin American Navies still treading water". Jane's Navy International . Jane's Information Group. 101 (003).
"Brazil - Skyhawks begin flights from carrier". Jane's International Defence Review . Jane's Information Group. 24 October 2000.
"Carrier Aviation - Skyhawks set to land on Brazilian carrier". Jane's Navy International . Jane's Information Group. 103 (001): 6. 1 January 1998.
Scott, Richard; Starr, Barbara (1 March 1999). "Carrier aviation at the crossroads". Jane's Navy International . Jane's Information Group. 100 (002).
Till, Geoffrey (April 2005). "Holding the Bridge in Troubled Times: The Cold War and the Navies of Europe". The Journal of Strategic Studies. Routledge. 28 (2): 309–337. doi:10.1080/01402390500088379. ISSN 0140-2390.
Donald Trump (Screenshot/ABC News)
In an interview with ABC News, which aired in full length Sunday morning, This Week host George Stephanopoulos grilled GOP presidential hopeful Donald Trump over his relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin.
Stephanopoulos pressed Trump over previous claims he had a relationship with Putin, which he now denies.
“Well, I don't know what it means by having a relationship,” Trump said, according a transcript of the interview. “I mean, he was saying very good things about me. But I don't have a relationship with him. I didn't meet him. I haven't spent time with him. I didn't have dinner with him. I didn't– go hiking with him. I don't know– I– I wouldn't know him from Adam except I see his picture, and I would know what he looks like.”
MSNBC unearthed footage of an interview with Trump three years ago saying the opposite.
“I do have a relationship, and I can tell you that he's very interested in what we're doing here today,” he had told host Thomas Roberts.
Stephanopoulos pressed Trump on his foreign policy positions that, if elected, would serve in Putin's interest, including softening the GOP's platform toward Putin's annexation of Crimea, which Ukraine still claims rights to.
The Trump campaign removed language promising to provide Ukraine with weapons necessary to defend itself against Russian advances.
“Yeah. I was not involved in that. I'd like to– I'd have to take a look at it. But I was not involved in it,” Trump responded. “They softened it, I heard. But I was not involved.”
Stephanopoulos pointed out “they took away the part of the platform calling for provision of lethal weapons to Ukraine to defend themselves. Why is that a good idea?”
Trump then responded he “has his own ideas.”
“He's not going into Ukraine, okay, just so you understand,” Trump responded. “He's not gonna go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down. You can put it down. You can take it anywhere you want.”
Stephanopoulos then pointed out that Putin is “already there” and noted Trump had said he'd consider recognizing Russia's annexation of Crimea if he were elected president.
Trump said he'd “take a look at” the Russian take-over of Crimea but then made a pro-Kremlin talking point.
“But you know, the people of Crimea, from what I've heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were,” Trump said. “And you have to look at that, also. Now, that was under– just so you understand, that was done under Obama's administration.”
Watch the exchange, as posted to Twitter by ABC News, here:
Combining 3D printing with a worthy cause, the Stoyries X Greece project is raising funds to donate toy planes to child refugees in Greece.
Stoyries is an experimental social project which uses 3D printed plane toys as a way to connect people and stories around the world. Their new crowfunding campaign, in collaboration with the Non-Government Organisation (NGO) Solidarity Now, is raising funds to send low-poly planes to child refugees in Greece.
Designer Agustin Flowalistik has been closely involved with Stoyries since its inception in 2015; he provided the design for the 3D printed toys himself. To publicise the launch of the new campaign, he has released the STL files to Thingiverse.
While downloading and making your own toy plane is encouraged, that's only one part of the process. Kind-hearted folks who support the campaign can participate in something greater. The way it works is simple; when someone buys a plane, two are 3D printed. One goes to the buyer and the second to a child in an exceptional situation.
Moreover, the two “pilots” are linked via a special code; each can share the adventures of their toy planes to any social network using the tag #stoyries or through the PLAY button on the Stoyries website.
Play is a vital component of any child's upbringing; no less so for those in difficult circumstances like the humanitarian crisis in Greece. Participating in the Stoyries X Greece project could help make their lives a little brighter.
3D Printing for a Good Cause with Stoyries X Greece
So what are the goals and time-frame for the campaign? The fundraising target is €2,875, which will enable the team to fabricate 150 pairs of low-poly planes.
Once funding is secured, they will travel to Athens, Greece to meet their partners from Solidarity Now. There, they will deliver the toy planes to children and to film the whole process for a documentary.
Pledges start at €20 to secure a toy plane for yourself and a child. But if you'd just like to contribute to the project without receiving a toy plane for yourself, you can also make a minimum pledge of €10 to become a patron of the project.
Regarding the social media aspect, the campaigners are keen to stress there's a high probability of losing contact with a plane. The reality of the situation is that these children and their families may be in transit all over Europe before finding a new home. The uncertainty about what will happen with the other plane is part of the project and the risk of donating toys.
Also too important to note is that if there are any extra funds for making more plane toys, they'll be handed over to Solidarity Now for distribution among the new families that reach their facilities every day. In this way, they'll be able to share these toys with more children beyond the initial 150 recipients.
Interested in taking part? Head on over to the Verkami crowdfunding platform now and lend your support. At time of writing, the campaign has 17 days left, and has raised €1,510 from 68 patrons. There's still a ways to go; your generosity will help Stoyries X Greece over the finish line.
Bengaluru, Oct 8 (DHNS): Overtaking an ambulance, which has the right of way, may soon cost your driving licence as the State government has issued strict orders to the Road Transport Department as well as the police to cancel the driving licence of offenders.
Speaking at the launch of 150 additional 108 Arogya Kavacha ambulances at Vidhana Soudha here, Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said: “The heavy traffic on roads makes life difficult for ambulance drivers. Overtaking them adds to their woes. To prevent it, we are contemplating licence cancellation. The transport department and the police have been issued necessary directions,” said Siddaramaiah. He urged motorists to make way for ambulances transporting the sick, on grounds of humanity.
The chief minister said the road regulations mandate that every driver must give free passage to ambulances and fire tenders by drawing to the side of the road. However, people show scant regard to such regulations and violate it with impunity. With the growing numbers of vehicles in the State, it is a challenge for patients to get medical help in time.
‘Health for all'
Drawing a comparison with the previous government, he said his government's priority was to ensure “Health for all”. He recalled that before the Congress government came to power in the State, there were just 517 ambulances. With the addition of 150ambulances today, their number has been augmented by 368 in all, he noted.
Minister for health and family welfare U T Khader said, “We will replace the ambulances that have covered more than 3 lakh kilometres with new ones in the near future.”
He also said that the State government would look into the demands put forth by 108 ambulance drivers association for hike in wages and regularisation of jobs. Khader said that the overdues of Accredited Social Health Activists would also be cleared soon.
“The honorarium paid to them would be deposited in their bank accounts directly,” he added.
Here is our list of space policy events for the next TWO weeks, August 29-September 9, 2016 and any insight we can offer about them. The House and Senate return for legislative business on September 6.
During the Weeks
We have one last relatively light week before Congress returns on September 6. The House and Senate leadership and congressional committees have not announced their schedules yet, but we should learn more as the week progresses,
Meanwhile, this week NASA has a press conference on Tuesday to introduce the three International Space Station (ISS) crew members who will launch in November (Whitson, Pesquet and Novitsky) and on Thursday NASA TV will provide live coverage of the second ISS spacewalk by Jeff Williams and Kate Rubins. Two of the panels of the ongoing National Academies Earth Science and Applications from Space (ESAS) Decadal Survey will meet Tuesday-Wednesday (Solid Earth, in Washington DC) and Thursday-Friday (Hydrology, in Irvine, CA).
Next week begins with a U.S. Federal holiday, Labor Day, on Monday. On Tuesday, Congress returns to work. As usual, it is facing the task of passing some sort of appropriations bills — probably a Continuing Resolution (CR) — to keep the government operating when FY2017 begins on October 1. They have four weeks to do it and it is possible that final agreement could be reached on at least one of the 12 regular appropriations bills — Military Construction-Veterans Affairs (MilCon-VA). It has already passed the House and Senate, a conference agreement was reached, and the House approved the conference report. An attempt to bring the conference report to the Senate floor. however, failed even though the bill is the legislative vehicle being used to provide funding to deal with the Zika virus. Senate Democrats assert that it contains “poison pill” provisions Republicans know Democrats will not accept. Even if that issue gets cleared up by the end of September, there are still the other 11 regular appropriations bills. Here's a snapshot of where all 12 stand as of today.
Status of FY2017 Appropriations Bills as of August 28, 2016
(prepared by SpacePolicyOnline.com) FY2017 approps bill House Senate Agriculture committee approved Commerce-Justice-Science committee approved; floor debate began June 15, but suspended over gun control issues Defense Passed June 16 committee approved; 5 attempts to bring to floor defeated for variety of reasons Energy-Water Defeated May 26 over gay rights/gender identity issues Passed May 12 Financial Services Passed July 7 committee approved Homeland Security committee approved Interior-Environment Passed July 14 committee approved Labor-HHS committee approved Legislative Branch Passed June 10 committee approved Military Construction-Veterans Affairs Passed May 19; conference completed; House passed conference report June 23 Passed May 19; 2 attempts to bring conference report to floor defeated for variety of reasons State-Foreign Ops committee approved Transportation-HUD committee approved Passed May 19 (packaged w/MilCon-VA)
One issue is that the House Appropriations Committee approved more funding in its bills than allowed under the budget caps, so that will have to be fixed to avoid sequestration. The Senate bills are below the caps, though, so it can probably be resolved in conference committee(s).
There is little incentive, actually, for Congress to agree to final FY2017 appropriations before the election since who occupies the Oval Office and which part(ies) control the House and Senate will make a significant difference for the fiscal road ahead. Similarly, there is little incentive for Republicans to allow their most conservative members to force a government shutdown, since that could undermine their goal of retaining control of the House and Senate. The top Democrat on the House Budget Committee and Senate candidate Chris Van Hollen said last week that he could not rule out a shutdown, however, because some Republicans strongly oppose the budget deal worked out among then House Speaker John Boehner, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and President Barack Obama last fall. That deal relaxed budget caps set by the 2011 Budget Control Act and those Republicans want to stick by the original caps (even though, as noted, the House Appropriations Committee approved funding in excess even of the revised caps). Still, convincing the electorate to let them retain control of Congress by showing they can keep the government operating probably will outweigh those complaints. Van Hollen said he hopes Congress will pass a CR that covers the time period past the election, with final resolution before the end of the calendar year.
Appropriations will be a key issue, but not the only one. The FY2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is in conference already and there continues to be talk of getting a new NASA authorization bill completed this year. Plus a host of non-space related issues. September promises to be a busy month before Congress recesses again to continue campaigning in advance of the November 8 elections.
Apart from the congressional schedule, the first week of September offers two especially interesting conferences and a very important space science launch. The conferences are an aerospace workforce summit co-sponsored by AIAA and AIA to highlight issues for the next President, and a U.S.-Japan space cooperation seminar co-sponsored by the Mansfield Foundation and the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University. The launch is of the robotic asteroid sample return mission OSIRIS-Rex, scheduled for September 8.
Those and other events we know about as of Sunday, August 28, are shown below. Check back throughout the weeks for others we learn about later and add to our Events of Interest list.
Tuesday, August 30
NASA News Conference with Upcoming ISS Crew Members, Johnson Space Center, TX, 2:00 pm ET (1:00 pm local time), watch on NASA TV
Tuesday-Wednesday, August 30-31
NAS Earth Science Decadal Survey's Solid Earth Panel, Keck Center, 500 5th St., NW, Washington, DC
Thursday, September 1
ISS spacewalk by NASA astronauts Williams and Rubins, approximately 8:00 am ET (NASA TV coverage begins 6:30 am ET)
Thursday-Friday, September 1-2
Tuesday, September 6
House and Senate Return for Legislative Business
Wednesday-Thursday, September 7-8
National Aerospace and Defense Workforce Summit (AIAA/AIA), Capital Hilton, Washington, DC
Thursday, September 8
Friday, September 9
More than 1,500 wildfires have ravaged California so far in 2014, more than twice the state sees in an average year. On ABC's This Week, Gov. Jerry Brown, a Democrat, cited scientific research that links the increased number of fires to the state's changing climate.
Host George Stephanopoulos asked Brown how he'd adapt to the future, given skepticism among Republicans in Washington. Short answer: not easily.
"That's a challenge," Brown said. "It is true that there's virtually no Republican who accepts the science that virtually is unanimous. I mean there is no scientific question. There's just political denial for various reasons, best known to those people who are in denial."
Brown then pivoted away from Washington to say that "we here in California are on the front lines, we got to deal with it."
PolitiFact decided to take a closer look at how Republicans in Congress perceive climate change. We are focusing on Republicans in Washington because that's how the question to Brown was framed.
Republicans more skeptical about climate change
Recent national polls say that Republican voters are less likely than Democrats and independents to believe humans cause global warming. Among Republicans, tea party Republicans are even less likely to accept the science than the party base.
Among current Republicans in Congress, a group of 278, we were able to find many examples of politicians questioning climate change science to some degree.
Most recently, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., made waves for denying a link between human activity and climate change.
"I do not believe that human activity is causing these dramatic changes to our climate the way these scientists are portraying it," Rubio told Jonathan Karl on ABC's This Week May 11. "And I do not believe that the laws that they propose we pass will do anything about it. Except it will destroy our economy."
That's in line with other prominent Republicans, such as House Majority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, and Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas.
Organizing for Action, a group that backs President Barack Obama, published a lengthy list of climate change deniers in Congress, with evidence to back each one.
Still others, like Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., have notably changed on the issue, even after co-authoring legislation to address the issue.
Republicans who say they believe the science
We found relatively few Republican members of Congress who accept the prevailing scientific conclusion that global warming is both real and man-made. Brown's office didn't return our request for comment, so we are unable to compare our evidence to any that he might have.
Rep. Michael Grimm, R-N.Y. : Grimm was a notable skeptic until April 2014, when he told MSNBC's Chris Hayes , "The mass majority of respected scientists say that it's conclusive, the evidence is clear. So I don't think the jury is out. There's no question that, you know, the oceans have risen, right? And the climate change part is, is a real part of it."
Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine : Collins worked with Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., on a climate change bill in 2009 that proposed an alternative to cap-and-trade cutting carbon dioxide emissions.
Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn. : "I am one senator who thinks climate change is a problem, humans are causing it, and we need to deal with it," he said at an Environment and Public Works Committee hearing in 2009.
Sen. Mark Kirk, R-Ill.: He's called climate change a "long-term concern."
Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J.: "Climate change is a global challenge that must be addressed with a global solution," he said in 2007 as he backed a climate change provision in a House bill.
Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn. : "I accept the fact that we as a country, and we as a world, need to address this issue," he said on the Senate floor in 2008.
Sen. John Thune, R-S.D.: When asked if he thought global warming was man-made, he said , "I'm not denying that."
Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, R-N.J.: "Do I believe in climate change? I do, yeah," he told National Journal in 2011. "With the weather patterns over the past five years. … What causes it? Quite honestly, I don't know. … Humans have some effect on climate change. There are so many factors."
That's eight out of 278, or about 3 percent.
Are there others? It's possible. Not every member of Congress has taken a clear stance on climate change, and we can't read people's minds. If we find more examples, we'll update our list.
Former Rep. Jim Greenwood, R-Pa., told PolitiFact that the number of Republicans like himself who stand by climate change science has been shrinking in recent years, due to a more polarized Congress.
"There used to be a lot more of us," said Greenwood, who serves on the board of directors for the National Audubon Society. "A lot of us were very green in our voting records. That has changed. I think it's part of the phenomenon of the polarization of the Congress."
Agreeing with climate change science also could be a political liability for Republicans. In 2010, South Carolina Rep. Bob Inglis lost a Republican primary to tea party challenger Trey Gowdy. Inglis blamed his loss , in part, over his belief in climate science.
Inglis has since formed the Energy and Enterprise Initiative, a conservative group that agrees with climate change science. Energy and Enterprise Initiative spokesman Price Atkinson said Republicans support efforts to reduce CO2 emissions but criticize the way Obama and Democrats want to go about it.
"There are many Republicans in Washington who accept, understand and agree with sound science regarding climate change, but it's the way forward that is more difficult for my fellow conservatives," Atkinson said. "We agree with fellow conservatives in opposing the president and the growth of government thru increased EPA regulations, which is precisely the worst way to reduce carbon emissions."
The charged political climate makes finding clear positions on climate change from many Republicans tough to come by, say experts who follow the issue.
"Most Republicans say the same thing behind closed doors: ‘Of course, I get that the climate is changing, of course I get that we need to do something — but I need to get reelected,' " Audubon Society President David Yarnold told National Journal in 2013. "Somehow they're going to have to find a safe place on this."
Our ruling
Brown said that "virtually no Republican" in Washington accepts climate change science. When it comes to on-the-record comments of members of Congress, Brown's characterization is about right.
We found at least eight Republicans in Congress who publicly voiced support for the scientific consensus and many more conservative legislators who deny either a human link to the changing climate, or the fact that the climate is changing altogether.
A reason for caution, however, is comments from someone like Yarnold — who suggest GOP members of Congress acknowledge climate change science behind closed doors but avoid the talk in public for political reasons.
We rate Brown's claim Mostly True.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign already is declaring victory in Ohio - or, at least, victory in the Buckeye State's first week of early voting.
"The work is paying off," Clinton's Ohio director, Chris Wyant, writes in a state-of-the-race memo obtained Thursday by cleveland.com. "Hillary won the first days of early voting."
Statewide, requests for absentee ballots are down compared to this point in time during the 2012 election, Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted said this week. But Wyant, in his memo, expresses confidence that a high number of those requests are coming from five traditionally Democratic counties that are expected to favor Clinton over Republican Donald Trump this fall.
"All five" - Cuyahoga, Franklin, Hamilton, Montgomery and Summit counties - "are likely to go for Hillary Clinton by similar - or in the cases of Franklin and Hamilton Counties, where in person turnout is currently a larger percentage of the state than it was in 2012 - larger margins than President Barack Obama's results" from his 2012 Ohio win, Wyant writes.
Recent polls forecast a close race between Clinton and Trump in Ohio. Quinnipiac University this week found a tie, while CNN/ORC showed Trump leading Clinton by 4 points.
Clinton and the Democrats have a stronger foothold in the state. The Trump team underscored this fact last week, when Ohio director Bob Paduchik announced a split with Ohio Republican Party Chairman Matt Borges, who has voiced concerns about Trump's rhetoric.
Wyant's memo revels in the rift as "an unprecedented broadside against the leader of the organization widely credited with propping up Trump's own lackluster organization in the state." It also alludes to drama with other GOP leaders. (Gov. John Kasich has said he won't vote for Trump. Sen. Rob Portman has withdrawn his endorsement of the presidential nominee.)
"In the Republican Party the real work is done by the county parties who organize the door knocks and phone banks, and by their volunteers who knocked on more than 140,000 doors last Saturday for Donald Trump," Paduchik said in an emailed response. "The Clinton campaign resembles their failed candidate Hillary Clinton, and is all talk and no action with their $15 per hour paid Craigslist canvassers. Ohioans want change and they know Donald Trump will drain the swamp in Washington and Make America Great Again."
Trump is campaigning Thursday in Ohio's Delaware County, a heavily Republican area that takes in the northern suburbs of Columbus, but one where Clinton believes she can shave the margins. He will return to the state Saturday for a rally at Cleveland's I-X Center.
Clinton, who a month ago seemed to be dialing back in Ohio in favor of other swing states, will make her third visit here this month with a Friday event at Cuyahoga Community College.
Wyant's memo suggests the state very much remains part of Clinton's electoral equation.
"The bottom line is Hillary for Ohio has a stronger and more united ground game, a superior candidate, and in an election where more people are expected to vote than ever before, we are prepared to turn out record numbers of Ohioans to vote for the first female president," Wyant writes. "While Trump continues to muddle through disturbing allegations and distract his organization with palace intrigue, it is clear that his campaign has been all talk."
As many of you may know by now, neither the “Feeling Myself” music video nor the unapologetic celebration of voluptuousity that was the “Anaconda” music video were nominated for best video of the year at the MTV Video Music Awards. Nicki Minaj took to Twitter after the snub, calling out the music industry for routinely ignoring the contributions of black women to pop culture.
Much of the ensuing media attention has focused on “Anaconda” and its in-your-face bootyliciousness, but there's also plenty to be said about the cultural significance of the “Feeling Myself” music video. The song itself has already become an anthem of self-love, and the video takes that message even further through its depiction of the friendship of Minaj and Beyoncé.
The much-anticipated video for Minaj's “Feeling Myself,” the swaggering, take-no-prisoners bravado of a victory track from The Pinkprint, was supposed to be a Tidal exclusive, but that didn't stop fans from uploading it to social media and video-sharing platforms. (You can watch the video below, but for a high-quality version, you need to be Tidal subscriber.)
Minaj and her guest vocalist, Beyoncé, exude the confidence of women who know they own the world. As Beyoncé boasts in the first bridge, “I stopped the world/Male or female, it makes no difference/I stop the world,” the combined powers of the two performers extend beyond the curve-hugging, Tumblr-chic outfits and shameless exhibition of the pleasures of self-love. The video, with its close-cut scenes of wolfing down hamburgers, twerking and primping by the (kiddie) pool, is meant to feel personal, as though the camera is only capturing unfiltered moments.
Although it may dip into the realm of Cool Girl elitism, the pairing of Minaj and Beyoncé invokes female autonomy and inherent authority without the pressure or consideration of the male gaze. Although the video literally begins with a faceless cameraman addressing both women (and by obvious implication, their beauty), the crux of the video doesn't rely on performing for the sake of attracting gawkers. Men are an afterthought, akin to a flashy accessory. Minaj raps, “National anthem hats off, then I curve that n*gga like a bad toss,” affirming the idea that her self-worth does not revolve around the approval of men. A rowdy, slinkier descendant of Janet Jackson's “Control” and glued together by the self-assurance sprouted in Minaj's mixtapes, the song's repeated hook makes it clear that both Minaj and Beyoncé's self-importance isn't anchored to the praises of men.
In one shot, Beyoncé and Minaj share the familiar camaraderie of two innocent school girls, dropping their video personas. Minaj is eating a piece of candy and Beyoncé asks, “Is that Bubblicious gum?” Minaj says that it's not – she's eating a Now & Later. She offers some to Beyoncé, who stares at the candy as though it were a gallon of fresh water sitting unattended in the desert. It's such a trivial moment, a nonessential piece of footage that most directors would cut. Yet the intentional placement of this shared moment suggests that the two women, commanding and powerful in their respective spheres of the music industry, are friends and at the very least, have mutual respect.
Marni Senofonte, the stylist for the video, told Marie Claire,
It [the shoot] was a total girlfriend vibe…It was really amazing to see two of the biggest female stars in the world acting in that way…Beyoncé is known for being a girl who sings and talks about supporting and it was really a true testament to that…It was like a documentary.
In another GIF-worthy scene, the two feed each other hamburgers in color-coordinated outfits, Minaj sporting a pristine-white fur coat. In another shot, Minaj playfully throws French fries into Beyoncé's open mouth. A bounce house hovers in the background, the kind typically reserved for children's birthday parties.
The universal message of “Feeling Myself” is a softer version of Beyoncé's “Bow Down.” Minaj is in full command of her career, whether that be her financial prowess (“Got a black card that let Saks have it”), or her cultural relevance (“Bitches ain't got punchlines or flow/I have both and an empire also”). As one of few female MCs, Minaj has been eager, even hungry, to prove her lyrical and creative authenticity. Her public persona has been shaped by the importance of female self-empowerment, of claiming a narrative that has been very much angled as the steadfast survival of a lone wolf. In the opening verse, she spits, “Never left but I'm back at it.” It's not a threat but a reminder, a reaffirmation of her drive, ambition and relevance. At one point, Beyoncé's first bridge referencing her record-breaking, self-titled fifth album, is set against the backdrop of a frenzied crowd at this year's Coachella. There's a flash of Minaj and Beyoncé backstage at the festival, beaming, laughing, wearing outfits no different than the other festival-goers. Then we're back to the pair floating around the pool, makeup impeccable.
The women prove their financial and social power in both literal and non-explicit forms of expression, namely the video's marketing and strategic business ties. Beyoncé and Minaj are both Tidal shareholders, a company that is owned by Beyoncé's husband, Jay-Z. So far Tidal hasn't made much of a splash, at least not in the positive ways that its CEO, who famously proclaimed, “I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man,” intended. In a promo video for the service, what was supposed to be a serious proclamation for the forging of a new, untraveled path in the intersection of music and technology, was quickly mocked for its tone-deaf megalomania.
Bloomberg called Tidal “a complete disaster” going on to speculate,
To keep his company from becoming a money pit, Jay-Z also needs to line up many more Tidal subscribers. Tidal claims to have 900,000 users, but analysts suspect many have signed up for trials and will cancel when they have to start paying.
What better way to entice people to buy a subscription, wary consumers included, than to suddenly premiere a new video featuring two of the industry's biggest female superstars turned moguls?
Minaj and Beyoncé have broken out of the box of just pop stars or flash-in-the-pan wonders; they're masters of their own universe, turning their careers into certified, money-churning brands. Minaj has steadily racked up endorsement deals, ranging from a multi-million deal with Pepsi, a MAC and OPI collaboration, a successful line of fragrances, a clothing line for K-Mart, a memorable stint as guest judge on American Idol, movie roles, a spring/summer fashion campaign for Roberto Cavalli, and most recently, buying a stake in alcohol brand Myx Fusion. Beyoncé has leveraged her established brand into new heights through the strategic usage of social media, dropping lush vacation photos on her Tumblr and posting #OOTD snaps to Instagram to enforce her aspirational lifestyle. Their fame has been crafted by unwavering diligence as much as it has been guided by ambitious defiance. Both women take pride in their social, cultural and financial status, echoed by Minaj's lines in the song's third verse: “Stingin with the Queen B and we be whippin' all that D/Because we dope girls we flawless, we the poster girls for all this.” Last year, Forbes declared Queen B the highest-paid female musician.
In a piece for The Guardian, Tshepo Mokoena writes,
When Bey and Nicki sing that they're feeling themselves, they're reminding the listener of their pop culture relevance and self-confidence. When you sing along, you're letting the world know that now the song's message is about you. It's a glossy, unapologetically self-assured take on the announcement Aretha Franklin and Annie Lennox belted out in 1985: we're doing it for ourselves now, and the rest of you need to just deal with it.
If Minaj and Beyonce are on the top of the industry mountain, they are not secretly plotting ways to shove the other off the edge and into the oblivion of irrelevance.
One could argue that the video embodies aspects of the “Carefree Black Girl” movement, which started as a Twitter hashtag and quickly caught on as a counter-narrative to the tired stereotypes and bigoted cultural tropes used against black girls and women. In an article for BuzzFeed, Hannah Giorgis discusses the importance of musicians challenging the expected narrative, mentioning Kelis, Erykah Badu, Trina, and Rihanna as prime examples. These women reject society's insistence that black women can only live the tropes of the Jezebel, the Mammy, the Welfare Queen, etc., instead choosing the satisfaction of worry-free self-fulfillment.
As Giorgis rightly points out,
In a world that tells black women we have no right to authentic joy and no purpose in the music industry beyond an ornamental backdrop for male brilliance and bravado alike, their deft maneuvering is a choreography of resistance.
The song and accompanying video are certainly not about hiding or self-doubt. “Feeling Myself” is a mantra of personal excellence on one's own terms. In order to achieve such impressive feats, a woman has to learn to love herself in spite of the eyes of a voracious audience.
Screenshots taken from the “Feeling Myself” music video
Vanessa Willoughby is an editor and a writer. Her work has appeared on The Hairpin, The Toast, Bitch and Nerve. You can find her on Twitter.
A HEALTH worker was branded a “spoilt brat” after she risked the lives of her neighbours when she set fire to her home – over a £3,500 debt.
Joanne Bell decided to take her own life after she built up credit she could not pay and had had a bailiff banging on her door.
Newcastle Crown Court heard how the 20-year-old sparked three separate blazes inside her rented upstairs flat in Rowsley Road, Jarrow, before barricading herself in her bedroom.
Neighbours realised what was happening when they heard her smoke alarm go off and saw the flames when they went to investigate.
Two of the three fires had burned themselves out by the time emergency services got there.
Nobody was injured during the blaze in January, and £150 worth of damage was caused.
But the court was told that fire chiefs said she would have put her neighbours at risk if the fire had taken hold.
Prosecutor Emma Dowling said: “She made full admissions in interview to setting fire to the property.
“She explained she had got into very significant financial difficulties, much more than she thought anyone would expect for a 20-year-old.
“She saw no other way out of her problems other than to kill herself.
“The method she decided to do that was set fire to the property.
“She accepted she had not thought it through, or appreciated the risk to neighbours on either side, or what could have happened if the fire had spread through walls.
“She was very upset and distressed by what she had done.”
Bell pleaded guilty to arson, being reckless to whether life is endangered.
The court heard that Bell's father paid the owner for the damage she did to the terraced property.
Bell was described in court as having supportive parents, a good education, nice living conditions and an “outstanding” background.
Judge Roger Thorn said many people who appear before a crown court have had few advantages in life.
The judge told her: “I am going to have to say this; you behaved like a spoilt brat: immature, selfish – what a danger you caused to people living around you.
“People deciding to escape responsibility by taking their own life and doing damage like this, in such properties, can result in death to others, innocent people.”
Judge Thorn sentenced Bell to 12 months' imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, with 100 hours' unpaid work and £1,369 costs.
Vic Laffey, defending, said Bell, who is now working for the NHS healthcare trust and also has a weekend job to pay off what she owes, had considered the £3,500 debt insurmountable and has said her decision to start the fire was the “biggest regret of her life”.
Mr Laffey added: “Had she realised at the time how relatively straightforward it was to organise finances and go to people for help, it would never have happened.”
Twitter: @shieldsgazette
* If you are struggling with issues of personal desperation, The Samaritans can be contacted on 08457 90 90 90.
Los Angeles (CNN) Tom Morello was raging against the political machine decades before anti-establishment sentiments made their way into 2016 politics. Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, a democratic socialist, reflect the ideological span of anti-establishment sentiment.
But to the Rage Against the Machine guitarist, neither Trump nor Sanders are the answer because the power lies with the people.
"One thing that we've seen in common with both the Trump campaign, elements of the Sanders campaign -- from the Black Lives Matter movement to Occupy Wall Street from a few years ago -- is that people believe that the system is corrupt, the system is irrevocably broken," Morello told CNN. "The system cannot be fixed by the system. One way to fight back is via culture."
Morello joined forces with Rage Against the Machine members Tim Commerford and Brad Wilk, DJ Lord and rappers Chuck D from Public Enemy and B-Real from Cypress Hill and formed Prophets of Rage -- a rock and hip-hop supergroup that is kicking off a national "Make America Rage Again" tour on the second day of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, in July.
The group is not an invited guest at the GOP gathering, but they will be performing on streets and in concert venues nearby. And while they do not have plans to perform near the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia this July, Morello said that Prophets of Rage will ensure that their voice is heard there as well and are not letting Democrats get "off the hook."
"In this election year where I've heard so many commentators say that Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders are raging against the machine, the architects of the real Rage Against the Machine had to step up and say 'We're gonna show you how to do it right,'" Morello said.
Chuck D, B-Real and Tom Morello of Prophets of Rage perform onstage at Hollywood Palladium on June 3, 2016 in Los Angeles, California.
Morello, who recently knocked Trump as a "racist demagogue and called Sanders a "dreamer," said that while presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is "the lesser of two evils," she supported policies that led to a "horrific quagmire" in the Middle East and is loyal to big money and Wall Street.
But Morello reserved his strongest criticism for Trump, who is the target of the Prophets of Rage's debut original song, "The Party is Over."
Trump is "particularity dangerous" because he is telling Americans that immigrants are to blame for their problems Morello said.
While Trump supporters have "legitimate grievances about American jobs being sent overseas, about declining standard of living, about Wall Street controlling Washington," Morello said, the billionaire's solutions to solving these issues are "un-American."
"He's basically calling for ethnic cleansing," the guitarist added, slamming Trump's proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and his proposal to deport undocumented immigrants and build a wall across the U.S.-Mexico border.
While Morello's politics are closer to the progressive views of a candidate like Sanders, Morello said that Sanders' attempt to turn the Democratic Party from a corporate party to the people's party failed because true change can't happen from the top.
"The message behind Prophets of Rage and the Make America Rage Again tour is that it's not enough to just cast your ballots into the void every four years," Morello said, adding that "progressive, radical or even revolutionary change" can only happen when ordinary people fight "before, during and after Election Day."
Chuck D, B-Real and Tom Morello perform on May 31, 2016 in West Hollywood, California.
Prophets of Rage, which is named after a Public Enemy song, will be taking their message across the country. Some of the proceeds will be going to local homeless shelters and food banks to highlight the group's message on economic inequality. Tickets are set at $20 to ensure that fans from various economic levels can attend.
"The mosh pit is the message. We come together in a community at these shows," Morello said. "We come to rock like crazy. We come to get funky as hell. At the end of the day there's an underlying message that is one that resonates beyond the hall once the amplifiers are shut off."
Russian armoured vehicles moves toward the border with Russia as they leave South Ossetia on Aug. 23, 2008. Photo by Dmitri Kostyukov/AFP/Getty Images
TBILISI, Georgia—Halfway through an otherwise coherent conversation with a Georgian lawyer last week—the topics included judges, the court system, the police—I was startled by a comment he made about his country's former government, led by ex-president Mikheil Saakashvili. “They were LGBT,” he said, conspiratorially.
What did that mean, I asked, surprised. Were they in favor of rights for sexual minorities? For gay marriage? Were they actually gay? He couldn't really define it, though the conversation meandered in that direction for a few more minutes, also touching on the subject of the former president's alleged marital infidelity, his promotion of female politicians, his lack of respect for the church.
Afterward, I worked it out. The lawyer meant to say that Saakashvili—who drove his country hard in the direction of Europe, who pulled Georgia as close to NATO as possible, who used rough tactics to fight the post-Soviet mafia that dominated his country—was “too Western.” Not conservative enough. Not traditional enough. Too much of a modernizer, a reformer, a European. In the past, such a critic might have called Saakashvili a “rootless cosmopolitan.” But nowadays the insulting code word for that sort of person in the former Soviet space—regardless of what he or she actually thinks about gay people—is “LGBT.”
It was an eye-opening moment. Like Ukraine, Georgia is a post-Soviet republic that has tried to pull itself out of the sphere of Russian influence. Unlike Ukraine, Georgia does not have a sizable Russian-speaking population, and Georgians even have cause to fear Russia. Since their 2008 invasion, Russian troops have occupied the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia, about one-fifth of the country. Russian tanks are parked a few hours drive from Georgia's capital.
Yet despite the absence of Russian speakers, a form of Russia's anti-Western ideology can be felt in Georgia, too. It's a minority view that drifts in through religious leaders—part of the Georgian Orthodox Church retains old ties to Moscow—through some pro-Kremlin political parties and Russian-backed media. But it finds indigenous support, taking the form of xenophobic, anti-European—and nowadays—anti-gay rhetoric. Sometimes it becomes an argument in favor of local oligarchs or economic clans and against foreign investment or rules that would create an even playing field. It always focuses on Western decadence, economic or sexual, and welcomes any sign of Western hesitancy. When President Barack Obama told the world this week that Georgia, which has for a decade been striving with active U.S. encouragement to meet NATO partnership standards, is “not on a path to NATO,” he immediately strengthened that set of arguments in Tbilisi.
Whether we like it or not, foreign policy choices increasingly have domestic consequences in the post-Soviet world. An alignment with Russia can bring Russian-style corruption and can inspire the rise of Russian-style xenophobia and homophobia, too. An alignment with Europe and NATO has different consequences. With Russian financial and political support, for example, Ukraine's ousted president, Viktor Yanukovych, was able to rob his country's coffers and destroy its army and its bureaucracy. If the new Ukrainian government stays on its current path and makes a different set of alliances—with the European Union, the International Monetary Fund, even NATO—it will end up with different domestic economic policies, too.
There are implications further afield as well. During his Brussels speech, Obama also declared that Russia leads “no bloc of nations, no global ideology.” This is true up to a point: Russia's “ideology” isn't well-defined or clear. But the American president was wrong to imply that the Russian president's rhetoric, and his annexation of Crimea, has no wider echo. Of course there were the predictable supporters of Russia in the United Nations: Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua, North Korea. More interesting are his new European friends. Nigel Farage, the leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party—an anti-European and anti-immigrant party gaining momentum in Britain—declared this week that the EU “has blood on its hands” for negotiating a free-trade agreement in Ukraine. Marine Le Pen, leader of the French far-right National Front, has also said she prefers France to “lean towards Russia” rather than “submit to the United States.” Jobbik, Hungary's far-right party, sent a representative to the Crimean referendum, and declared it “exemplary.” These are all minority parties, but they are all poised to make gains in European elections later this spring.
Russia's ideology may be mishmash: the old Soviet critique of hypocritical “bourgeois democracy,” plus some anti-Europeanism, some anti-globalism and a homophobic twist for contemporary appeal. But let's not assume that competition between ideas is absurd and old-fashioned. And let's not pretend that ideologies don't matter, because, like it or not, they do.
WASHINGTON — Libertarian Party presidential candidate Gary Johnson said he can pull votes away from both the Democrat and Republican contenders in the election once more Americans realize that they agree with many of his views.
“I'm trying to appeal to the majority of Americans whom I think are libertarian, it's just that they don't know it,” Johnson said on a CNN program broadcast Sunday. “And libertarian, with a broad brush stroke — fiscally conservative, socially-accepting liberal.”
Johnson, whose party has never won more than 1 percent of the vote in a presidential election, has surfaced as a third option at a time that presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton have high unfavorability ratings in polls and have faced stiff opposition from within their own parties.
A self-made millionaire, triathlete and former two-term Republican governor of New Mexico who climbed Mount Everest in 2005, Johnson, 63, secured the party's nomination at its convention last week. William Weld, a former Republican governor from Massachusetts, is the Libertarian Party's candidate for vice president.
About half of Americans are declared themselves independents when they register to vote, Johnson said. “It's about a 50-50” in terms of how ideologically different he is from either Clinton or Trump, he said.
Johnson said his differences with the mainstream element within the Republican Party include his support for legalizing marijuana and ending “military interventions that, at the end of the day, make the world a less safe place.”
He said, though, that the Libertarian Party is not isolationist and favors a bigger role for Congress in decision-making regarding defense.
“Let's use diplomacy to the hilt. Let's involve Congress in declaration of war,” Johnson said. “Let's involve Congress in how we move forward with regard to our military, something that they have completely abdicated to the executive and to the military.”
Johnson cited a long list of objections to Trump's positions, including the idea of building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, and description of Mexicans as murderers and rapists “when in fact they're law-abiding citizens, more law-abiding than U.S. citizens.”
While pointing out that he is “not advocating the legalization of any drugs outside of marijuana,” Johnson said the U.S. needs to change its approach and understand that 90 percent of the drug problem is related to prohibition, not drug use. Decriminalizing the use of other drugs would be a step in that direction, he said.
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency LLC.
This month we are happy to announce a new member to the Shenmue III team—Toshihiko Masada. Toshihiko stands on the forefront of the animation industry, with experience as Animation Director, Animation Choreographer and Artistic Director. His work on “The New Batman/Superman Adventures” won him an Emmy award in 1997.
For Shenmue III, Toshihiko will be doing the storyboarding for the cut scenes that will appear in the game. Today we would like to give a look into some of the work going on at this stage.
During the storyboard process, what will be in the scenes, and how that material will be depicted is carefully thought out. Especially important here will be the depth perception of the shots to ensure proper depth cueing, and from what/whose perspective the shot will be taken. Another key point that will be focused on will be to bring out Shenhua's personality, showing her charm, free-spirited nature and childlike innocence.
This process is and an important one so the ideas and context of the scenes are fully conveyed to the rest of the production members.
At the storyboard stage, the characters are given their expressions, which will be augmented with changes to the background to effectively bring home those traits.
Taking charge of the real-time movie storyboards is Toshihiko Masada.
Breathing life into the story, Toshihiko makes Ryo run with the wind at his heels.
The depth perspective and camera work unique to 3D games are added into the storyboards as well.
Everything from slight changes in expression to cuts of whole cities, the world of Shenmue III begins to materialize here.
NORWOOD PARK — Ron's Barber Shop might just be Chicago's ultimate man cave.
The shop, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year, is filled with sports memorabilia, from seats from the original Soldier Field, Chicago Stadium and Wrigley Field, to cricket bats, rugby balls and Blackhawks jerseys. The joint's magazine rack contains Penthouse, Playboy, Field & Stream, Musky Hunter, and, at the very bottom, Boys' Life.
Two small TVs show only games, never anything else.
The use of profanity is liberal, except when kids are around.
And only haircuts for men and boys are offered.
"The barbershop is a sacred place; it's the last place a guy can be a guy. That's why there ain't no women in here," owner Ron Ciezki said. "And we teach kids how to bust balls at an early age."
Ron Ciezki has owned and operated Ron's Barber Shop in Norwood Park for 30 years. Ciezki is a die-hard Cubs fan, saving his animosity for the White Sox for the shop's bathroom. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Justin Breen
Barber in his blood
Ron's, 6921 W. Higgins Road, has been around since 1944, and Ciezki became the owner on July 1, 1984, renaming the shop after himself.
Ciezki has an interesting way of explaining his business history.
"I'm the fourth barber here," he said. "There was a Swedish guy for 21 years, who sold it to a Polish guy who was here 20-21 years, who sold it to a Greek guy for two years, then I bought it, and I've been here the longest."
Ciezki, 67, is 100 percent Polish. His childhood was spent in Lakeview, and he graduated from Oscar Mayer Elementary and Waller High School in Lincoln Park.
In eighth grade, Ciezki was asked what he wanted to do when he grew up. His answer: be a barber. He is a proud 1970 alumnus of Moler Barber College in Wicker Park, and he still has a mint-condition coursebook from the school in his store.
Ciezki worked for his older brother, Bob, also a barber, in the 1970s and early 1980s before taking over Ron's. He's been cutting many of the same heads of hair for 30 years, on the same black-and-tan 1964 Paidar leather barber chairs. Many of his customers are "city workers, firemen, coppers, neighborhood people," Ciezki said.
Chicago Police detective Jimmy Adams, of Norwood Park, dropped by for a $7 buzz cut Wednesday morning. And after his haircut, Adams sat in one of the old Comiskey Park chairs for at least 30 minutes to banter with Ciezki and other clients.
"I hang out here all the time," said Adams, a Taft High School graduate who has five children, including three sons who, like him, have been getting their heads trimmed at Ron's for 10-plus years.
Many of the folks who enter Ron's don't even get a haircut, like Patrick Arnold, 38, who had his first Ciezki buzz when he was 9. They just want to chill with their pals, let loose some expletives and have a good time.
"There's a lot of goofing around," said Jack Mooney, 66, who's known Ciezki since childhood. "When the guys are here, anything goes."
Ciezki stressed that the men behave themselves when children are present. Although women rarely pass through the doors, they sometimes bring in their youngsters for haircuts, prompting better conduct.
"Nobody swears in front of the kids," Ciezki said. "I won't allow it. When kids are here, mum is the word."
A die-hard Cubs fan
Ciezki has trimmed a 4-month-old's coif and has given a haircut to a 100-year-old on his birthday. He has a scrapbook entitled "My First Haircut" stuffed with pictures of his customers' first 'dos. Children's first haircuts are free, as are ones for those getting married.
"For their first wedding, not their second," Ciezki said.
Haircuts are cheap: $13 for men, $12 for senior citizen, $10 for children under 12, and $5 for a beard trim. Only cash is accepted.
"Credit cards? No, no," Ciezki said. "When they bring credit cards in, I bend over and ask them to slide it through and see if it works."
Ciezki is more than comfortable letting that type of toilet humor fly. In fact, there's even a knock against the White Sox on Ron's bathroom toilet. The can's lid had a markered-in message reading, "You can put it in the bowl ... Yes."
Ciezki is a die-hard Cubs fan, noting "they're finally getting their s--- together." He has especially hated the South Siders since Jerry Reinsdorf bought the team in 1981 and put the team's games on the subscription TV service "Sportsvision." Ciezki said he has never entered U.S. Cellular Field — and never will unless new ownership comes in.
Ron Ciezki has owned and operated Ron's Barber Shop in Norwood Park for 30 years. He keeps a scrapbook "My First Haircut" filled with pictures of clients receiving their first haircuts. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Justin Breen
When the White Sox won the World Series in 2005, many of Ciezki's friends and customers had fun at his expense, covering Ron's with White Sox signs and leaving flower bouquets at the front door.
"I wouldn't cut hair until I got all that s--- down," Ciezki said. "But I was bringing flowers to my wife every day, so at least she was happy."
"This is my second family"
Ciezki has made Norwood Park and the surrounding neighborhoods happy for decades. His business has been a longtime sponsor of three youth baseball teams at Oriole Park. He helps organize fundraisers for groups like Wounded Warriors and helps raise cash for cancer survivors and their families.
Ciezki himself is a cancer survivor, beating paranasal sinus cancer four years ago. Even when he was undergoing chemotherapy treatments and used a feeding tube for five months, Ciezki was at Ron's cutting hair. He also continued to cut hair at the homes of clients who were impaired by either strokes, cancer or broken bones.
Ciezki has the rest of his life planned. He's starting to scout the men who will graduate from The Barber Academy in suburban Schaumburg, will ask one of them to serve as his apprentice for a year, and then, hopefully by 2017, hand over Ron's to him.
His goal is to live full time is Minocqua, Wis., where he has a summer home, and open a barber shop there. Up north, Ciezki longs to fish with Lynn, his wife of 29 years, and host visits from his son, Casey, and daughter, Lynsey.
He is most delighted by his children's accomplishments — Casey is an Illinois State alum and a salesman for Wirtz Beverage Group; Lynsey, a former star softball player at DePaul, graduated from the school and is an assistant coach at Harper College.
But he's also proud of the relationship he has with his customers.
"This is my second family," Ciezki said. "I've known these people, for Christ's sake, for 30 years."
Ron's Barber Shop, 6921 W. Higgins Road, is open 8 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Monday through Friday; 8 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturday; and is closed Sundays.
Corporations are sitting on $1.7 dollars of cash and if you read here often enough I am a broken record that keeps telling all that the “epidemic” of data selling contributes a lot towards this big piggy bank. It's nice to have a number flashed out there. In the first part of the video you get to see the “other” side of Silicon Valley and the poor who's wages can't even pay the rent in most areas, meet the cooks who work for Google for one and the tents they live in.
Again I keep telling all over and over that models and algorithms move money and guess where they move it? This is shocking here..when he calls attention to these 3 companies and the taxes they either have over seas or avoided taxes. I didn't expect to see Microsoft in here with shifting their income to Puerto Rico. Citi, which we all know is using IBMWatson for all their business analytics, some models and algorithmic profit data mechanics now has over $42 billion off shore. If you don't pay your $100 tax bill though you could end up in jail according to what's been reported in Ohio of late.
He discusses the recent Obama suggested Social Security cuts and again I hope this more of a game of liar's poker to maybe just move the other side. We do live in a very narcissistic society he says. I don't how long I have tried to get through to others about taxing data sellers for additional income as they are the ones that contribute to corporate narcism by selling out the last thing some have left, their personal data. You can read it all on my blog even to where medical data is being sold versus working with the FDA on research. They found a way to make a buck instead of working “with” the government. Read below..
In the healthcare side you may want to read this post as this is an incognito banker and myself in agreement on how technology is moving money and the failures, but we agree on dirty models and code. Banks and insurance companies are not much more than powerful software companies moving the money algorithmically in their directions.
Actually if more economists would collaborate with more mathematicians I think we might have a little better forecasting going on as many economists sometimes get those “flawed” reports and rely on antiquated methodologies of math too, so bump head guys and see what collaboration might do. If you want more education in layman's language, scroll down to the footer and watch the videos or go here for the Attack of the Killer algorithms and find out what Algo Duping is.
Money is all being moved by technology and those who are not part of it, us, the 99% are pawns per se. I would also suggest reading this post on complexities as there's an excellent video that that goes a little further here to explain the modeling processes with a video from Reuters TV, good stuff. Every week you read about why companies keep things complicated, here's the healthcare insurance version explanation and more..BD
The unprecedented level of economic inequality in America is undeniable. In an extended essay, Bill Moyers shares examples of the striking extremes of wealth and poverty across the country, including a video report on California's Silicon Valley. There, Facebook, Google, and Apple are minting millionaires, while the area's homeless -- who've grown 20 percent in the last two years -- are living in tent cities at their virtual doorsteps.
http://occupyamerica.crooksandliars.com/diane-sweet/bill-moyers-united-states-inequality
The Bruins and Penguins are three games into their conference finals matchup, and the series has already produced its share of bad blood. We've seen Matt Cooke ejected for hitting Andrew Adam McQuaid from behind, a fight between Evgeni Malkin and Patrice Bergeron, and Sidney Crosby going nose-to-chest with Zdeno Chara. And that was just Game 1. As the series continues, it's become clear that these two teams just don't seem to like each other.
The animosity doesn't come as much of a surprise, given which teams we're talking about. And we don't just mean this year — Boston and Pittsburgh have a history that goes back decades, and it has featured some memorably nasty moments.
Here's a visual guide to the history of the Penguins and Bruins hating each other.
[click to enlarge]
Algal biofuels are in trouble. This alternative fuel source could help reduce overall carbon emissions without taking land from food production, like many crop-based biofuels do. But several major companies including Shell and ExxonMobil are seemingly abandoning their investments in this environmentally friendly fuel. So why has this promising technology failed to deliver, and what could be done to save it?
Algae are photosynthetic organisms related to plants that grow in water and produce energy from carbon dioxide and sunlight. Single-celled microalgae can be used to produce large amounts of fat, which can be converted into biodiesel, the most common form of biofuel. There are many possible ingredients for making biofuels, from corn to used cooking oil. But algae are particularly interesting because they can be grown rapidly and produce large amounts of fuel relative to the resources used to grow them (high productivity).
In the last decade or so, vast amounts of money have been invested in the development of algae for biofuel production. This made sense because, ten years ago, there was a need to find alternatives to fossil fuels due to the high oil price and the increasing recognition that carbon emissions were causing climate change. Algal biofuels were touted as the answer to these twin problems, and huge investment followed.
Unfortunately, things didn't go quite to plan. Companies making algal biofuels struggled to retain their high productivity at a larger scale and found predators often contaminated their farms. They also found that the economics just didn't make sense. Building the ponds in which to grow the algae and providing enough light and nutrients for them to grow proved too expensive, and to make matters worse the oil price has plummeted.
Beyond biofuels
But algae don't just produce biofuels. In fact, algae are like microscopic factories producing all sorts of useful compounds that can be used to make an amazingly diverse range of products.
For example, algae can produce large amounts of omega-3 fatty acids, an important dietary supplement. This means it could be a sustainable, vegetarian source of omega-3, which is otherwise only available from eating fish or unappetising cod liver tablets. More generally, algae are excellent sources of vitamins, minerals and proteins, with species such as Chlorella and Spirulina commonly being consumed for their health benefits.
Another useful product that can be made from algae is bioplastic. Regular plastic is a product of fossil fuels and takes an extremely long time to break down, which makes it very environmentally unfriendly. Bioplastic from algae can be produced with low carbon emissions, or even in a way that absorbs emissions. Their use could help prevent the build up of plastic in the environment.
The diversity of these products may be the key to finally developing algal biofuels. Many are high-value chemicals, selling for a much higher price than biofuels. So by combining them with biodiesel production, we could subsidise the price of the fuel and offset the high costs of algal cultivation.
This concept, known as a “biorefinery”, is part of a new wave of algae research that aims to overcome the issues of the past decade or so. We already know that oil refineries produce plastics, fibres and lubricants as well as fuels. Now we are hoping to develop algal biorefineries in exactly the same way.
Producing an algal biorefinery
To make this model cost-effective and sustainable, we would need to use waste sources of heat, carbon dioxide and nutrients to grow the algae. These are widely available from power plants, factories and water treatment plants and so could reduce some of the costs of growing algae. After making algal fuel, you're left with lots of proteins, carbohydrates and other molecules. These can be converted into the kinds of products mentioned above, or used to produce biogas (another fuel source). This biogas can be sold or used at the biorefinery to produce heat for the algae, closing the loop and making the whole process more efficient.
It's easy to see how this process could be a way forward for sustainable, profitable biofuel from algae. In fact, there are companies already applying this concept to their work. In 2014 Sapphire Energy, one of the world's largest algal biotechnology companies, announced that they were diversifying their work to include nutritional supplements as well as biofuels. This move towards biorefinery is becoming more common and many firms diversifying their product lines.
Clearly, the algal biorefinery will not solve all the problems facing commercial algal cultivation today. There are still key issues facing the loss of yield at very large scales, and the contamination of algal cultures by predators that eat your crop of algae. These issues will only be solved by continued research efforts. However, biorefinery may well be the next step towards a future free from fossil fuels.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 11, 2016, 11:50 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 11, 2016, 11:50 PM GMT By Jon Schuppe
Renegade rancher Cliven Bundy is, in many ways, the father of the anti-government resistance that spawned a deadly standoff at an Oregon wildlife refuge.
And now, like his two sons and many of his proteges, he's facing prison.
Bundy, 69, was arrested in Portland Wednesday night after flying from Las Vegas to see his jailed sons — and visit the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, where four protesters were holding out against federal authorities in a simmering land-rights dispute. He was charged with an array of crimes, including assault on a federal officer, related to his own armed standoff with authorities near his Nevada ranch in 2014.
A few hours later, on Thursday morning, the last of the holdouts at Malheur surrendered, bringing the 41-day siege to an end.
With the three Bundys behind bars and the occupation over, their movement — rooted in the belief that the federal government is trying to force Western ranchers off their land — is in crisis.
But the Mormon cowboy who embodies it, along with his family, remain defiant.
Briana Bundy, one of the patriarch's daughters-in-law, compared federal agents to Nazis.
"This time, they're rounding up the patriots instead of the Jews," Briana Bundy told The Associated Press.
Bundy, a father of 14, considers himself a custodian of the 150 acres of desert scrub where generations of Bundys have raised cattle.
Related: Remaining Oregon Occupiers, Surrounded by FBI, Surrender
But the land is owned by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management — and Bundy has refused to pay grazing fees for more than two decades. He says the government is plotting to take "his" land and put others out of business through over-regulation.
Two years ago, Bundy, along with a posse of armed supporters, faced down federal rangers trying to execute a court order to confiscate 500 of his cattle for illegally grazing on public land. He vowed a "range war" against the government, according to court documents.
Critics called them domestic terrorists. Supporters called them patriots. Bundy was called a racist for questioning in an interview whether whether black Americans were “happier” under slavery.
With Bundy's supporters taking sniper positions around them, the outnumbered agents left. The apparent victory burnished Bundy's legend. He became the face of the fight over 300 million acres across 13 Western states, and the federal government's attempts to protect the land from development.
But the federal government, which says Bundy now owes more than $1 million, didn't forget.
On Jan. 2, two of Bundy''s sons, Ammon, 40, and Ryan, 43, followed in his footsteps, leading armed protesters into Malheur, about 300 miles southeast of Portland, to support local ranchers accused of setting fires that spread to public land.
Three weeks later, the brothers were among five occupiers arrested during a traffic stop as they drove to a public meeting. A sixth member, 54-year-old Robert LaVoy Finicum, was shot dead.
Ammon Bundy, through his lawyer, appealed for the remaining protesters to go home. Some refused.
This week, as authorities began to circle the holdouts, Cliven Bundy flew to Oregon. The family's blog announced Wednesday that he was headed to Malheur.
But when Bundy arrived in Portland, sometime after 10 p.m. Wednesday, he was surrounded by authorities, according to his family's Facebook page.
liven Bundy, the father of Ammon Bundy, the arrested leader of the armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, was booked in Multnomah County Jail Wednesday night. Multnomah County Sheriff
On Thursday, federal authorities in Nevada filed a criminal complaint related to the April 2014 standoff, charging Bundy with leading "a massive armed assault" on government agents "in order to extort the officers into abandoning approximately 400 head of cattle that were in their lawful care and custody."
He was charged with conspiracy, assault on federal agent, illegal use of a firearm, obstruction of justice and interference with commerce.
He remained in the Multomah County Jail in Portland with his sons — while the resistance's future remained unclear.
Climate First! Protests at Wells Fargo Branch Against Keystone XL Stake
from DC Direct Action News
On the 28th of October, Climate First! showed up in front of the Wells Fargo branch near Howard University, which they reported is the last Wells Fargo branch in DC to be open on Saturdays. Activists were there to protest the bank's role in funding the proposed Keystone XL tar sands pipeline, which TransCanada will announce in December whether they still plan to go forward with or not.
Wells Fargo is one of 21 banks that collectively provide $5 billion in revolving credit for TransCanada as a whole, and along with Citibank went so far as to recommit to this investment while the massive public fight over the Dakota Access Pipeline (which they also helped fund) was raging. Wells Fargo is also infamous for funding private prisons, and even for opening fake accounts in customer's names and setting up fake auto insurance policies that among other things led to many cars being reposessed.
If Wells Fargo dumps the Keystone XL between now and the December decision by TransCanada on building the pipeline or not, that could be the nail in the entire project's coffin. With as many pipelines as TransCanada owns and operates, the loss of even 5% of their entire line of credit could force them to reduce “capital expenditures” such as new construction by an amount possibly exceeding the entire cost of any one pipeline. With three years of oil prices insufficient to pay for tar sands refining, a replacement for Wells Fargo would be difficult to find.
Already many banks (such as ING) have cleared their portfolios of investments in tar sands, due in part to public pressure and in part due to the past three years of oil prices in the $50 a barrel range when it takes $70 a barrel for tar sands (and thus the Keystone XL) to turn a profit. For Wells Fargo not to follow ING Bank's lead is not only to show reckless disregard for climate science but also to show reckless disregard for the safety of their depositors' money. History shows that a previous oil price meltdown was responsible for the collapse of the Texas savings and loan industry in 1986, forcing a massive taxpayer-funded bailout of the entire industry to keep depositors from losing their funds.
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
MANILA – Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) founder Jose Maria Sison on Friday said the Philippine government is right in filing a case against China before the International Tribunal on the Law of the Sea (ITLOS).
Sison, chief political consultant of the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP), said in a statement that it is better for Manila to make a well-grounded case before the ITLOS, especially for the long-term, than do nothing at all.
"In the first place, filing the case before ITLOS and the Arbitral Tribunal is not a violent act at all, no matter how China presents it as a hostile act. Had the Philippines desisted from filing the case, China would have certainly used the desistance as proof of a lack of conviction and interest in the case," Sison said.
He said the Philippines made the right decision in filing its case before ITLOS, and in particular the Arbitral Tribunal, as the chosen mechanism for arbitration regarding the islands or islets west of the Philippines.
Sison, who lives in exile in the Netherlands, said he does not agree with the view that the country should not have filed the case against China before ITLOS and the Arbitral Tribunal.
He dismissed speculation that the Philippines should fear retaliation from China.
He said that even after the filing of the case, it is still possible to negotiate the issue out of court, as there are more matters that require both China and the Philippines to negotiate and transact business.
Sison said that in a previous interview, he mentioned that the strongest piece of international law in favor of the Philippines is the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), particularly with regard to the 200-mile exclusive economic zone.
"I even challenged the Manila government to file a case in the International Tribunal on the Law of the Sea," he said.
Restraint
This, as the Philippines pledged to act with restraint on Friday a week after China tried to block a boat ferrying supplies to Filipino troops on a disputed reef in the South China Sea.
"(The) Philippines makes clear that it will continue to exercise self-restraint and will not raise tension in the South China Sea," Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario said.
He issued the statement after a week of diplomatic wrangling following a Philippine boat's delivery of food, water and fresh troops to Ayungin Shoal (Second Thomas Shoal), also claimed by Beijing, by slipping through a blockade by two Chinese coastguard vessels.
A small number of Filipino soldiers are stationed on a Navy vessel that was grounded on the shoal in 1999 to assert the Philippines' sovereignty.
A day after the incident, the Philippines further infuriated China by asking a United Nations tribunal to declare Beijing's claims to undisputed sovereignty over most of the strategically important sea as illegal.
China strongly criticized the Philippine government actions, warning Tuesday that the UN appeal had "seriously damaged" bilateral ties and holding Manila responsible for the "consequences" of the UN move.
"The Philippines is not the country that has greatly increased its naval and maritime presence in the South China Sea," del Rosario retorted Friday.
"Nor has it challenged freedom of navigation. Nor has it blockaded nor forcefully intimidated any other country in the South China Sea. Countries should be judged by their actions, not by their words."
China has said its coastguard turned away another Filipino vessel on a similar resupply mission early last month, forcing the Philippine military to air-drop supplies to its small unit of marines aboard an old navy ship guarding the reef.
The reef lies 200 kilometers (120 miles) from the nearest major Philippine island, and more than a thousand kilometers from a major Chinese land mass.
It is part of the Spratlys, a chain of islets and reefs that sit near key shipping lanes and are surrounded by rich fishing grounds.
Apart from China and the Philippines, Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan and Vietnam also have overlapping claims to parts of the area.
Manila's UN appeal argues Beijing's claims are contrary to the UNCLOS and interferes with the Philippines' sovereign rights to its continental shelf.
Both countries are signatories to UNCLOS, but Beijing argues that its provisions do not apply to the row.
It has urged the Philippines to negotiate directly with it.
Del Rosario said Friday UN arbitration "is a peaceful, friendly and a durable settlement mechanism under international law" that allows the Philippines to defend "what is legitimately and rightfully ours". - with a report from Agence France-Presse
A Pennsylvania town is encouraging landlords to evict tenants who frequently call the police, a policy that directly impacts minorities and victims of domestic violence, according to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The suit, filed Friday in federal court, charged Norristown, Pennsylvania with allowing police to accuse Lakisha Briggs with a “disorderly behavior ordinance” after she called police for a third time on May 23, 2012. Briggs claimed she was threatened with eviction weeks after police officers responded to a domestic violence call from her home in which an abuser “chased Ms. Briggs down the alley with a brick and followed her to her house, where he attacked her.”
After the officers arrested her boyfriend, one turned to Briggs and told her, “You are on three strikes. We're going to have your landlord evict you,” as quoted by the ACLU.
The “disorderly behavior” violation financially penalizes a landlord when a tenant calls the police three times in a four-month period. The ACLU claims that the restriction infringes on renters' First Amendment right to petition the government and stands in contrast with the Violence Against Women Act, which protects female abuse victims from the threat of eviction.
After the ACLU first intervened in Briggs' case, Norristown officials agreed to drop the charge and stop pressuring her landlord to put her out. But only days later, the civil liberties group claims, Norristown lawmakers passed a nearly identical bill imposing fines on landlords whose tenants call the police.
Norristown, located six miles from Philadelphia, is not alone by allowing this law. Similar rules across the United States are billed as “nuisance ordinances” or “crime free ordinances.”
Professors from Harvard and Columbia Universities examined such a law in Milwaukee, Wisconin for a study published in the American Sociological Review.
“Nearly a third of all [nuisance] citations were generated by domestic violence,” the study determined, as quoted by AlterNet. It also noted that “properties in black neighborhoods disproportionately received citations, and those located in more integrated black neighborhoods had the highest likelihood of being deemed nuisances.”
The 2000 census revealed that of the 31,282 people living in Norristown, 54.32 per cent are White, 34.5 per cent Black or African American and 10.49 per cent Hispanic or Latino.
Briggs is seeking damages, legal fees, temporary immunity from the ordinance, and a declaration that the law is unconstitutional.
The autopsy of the man who died after a fight with Lodo's Bar bouncers in March reveals he suffered several fractured ribs and bruising around his head and neck.
Sammy Pickel, 23, died as a result of “asphyxia due to blunt trauma to the neck” according to the autopsy report obtained by 9Wants to Know.
The autopsy also notes his blood alcohol content was determined to be 0.12, which is .04 points above the state's legal definition of intoxication.
Six of Pickel's ribs were fractured and bruising around his scalp and neck were noted, according to the autopsy.
The Adams County District Attorney declined to seek charges against the Lodo's Bar and Grill bouncer, believing a jury would find his self-defense claim valid. District Attorney Dave Young said in March a trial would likely not result in a conviction.
Witnesses to the encounter, which occurred at the Lodo's Westminster location, said a bouncer placed Pickel into a chokehold, causing him to become limp and unconscious.
Pickel weighed 370 pounds and stood at 6 feet 3 inches, according to the autopsy report.
Court documents indicate several bouncers swarmed around Pickel after he got into an altercation with another customer.
Copyright 2016 KUSA
Brendan Shanahan's new-school Toronto Maple Leafs front office built on his philosophy of differing viewpoints has a new voice, and this one comes with some 30 years of NHL experience.
Shanahan, who's a year into his duties as team president, believes new general manager Lou Lamoriello "will fit in very, very well and be an incredible boost" to what the Leafs are trying to accomplish. Shanahan went looking for experience to join Kyle Dubas, Mark Hunter and Brandon Pridham in management, and no one has more than Lamoriello.
"If I could map out or draw out a description of the kind of person that we wanted, it would be Lou," Shanahan told a news conference Thursday. "I've always thought that there are certain advantages to hiring people on their way up that are looking to prove themselves and have that sort of hunger and energy to make a name for themselves. But I do think that we were lacking in some experience."
In charge of the New Jersey Devils since 1987, the 72-year-old Lamoriello was the longest-serving GM in NHL history. Along the way, his teams won the Stanley Cup three times, a pedigree he brings to the Leafs, who are trying to build a championship contender.
To add an experienced guy like Lou, I think it was very smart on the Leafs' part, and it'll be a good fit. - Penguins GM Jim Rutherford on Lou Lamoriello joining Toronto in same role
Lamoriello becomes the old-school GM working under the Hall of Fame player and overseeing assistants Hunter, Dubas and Pridham, also NHL management rookies. He'll also work with coach Mike Babcock, who's signed for eight years and $50 million US and has committed to a long-range plan for success.
"Brendan's hired some very good people kind of little bit on an entry level, at the levels they are coming into the league," said Pittsburgh Penguins GM Jim Rutherford, who made a similar transition last year leaving the Carolina Hurricanes. "To add an experienced guy like Lou, I think it was very smart on the Leafs' part, and it'll be a good fit."
Lamoriello's comfortable fit for the past 28 years was gripping the reins of the Devils and asserting just about total control. New Jersey was his team until Ray Shero took over as GM in May, leaving Lamoriello as team president.
"I think this benefits everyone," Shero said. "He's a pretty amazing person, and he's in the Hall of Fame for a reason. They're going to find that out."
Although Lamoriello said he was told he'd have autonomy as GM, Shanahan made it clear in conversations "the kind of environment and organization" of collaboration he was building. Lamoriello is OK with Shanahan not wearing a tie to work every day and might have to let Hunter keep his facial hair, and he's fine with sharing decision-making responsibilities.
'Everybody works together'
"No one makes any decision without consulting the people that are around them and their supporting staff," Lamoriello said. "Everybody works together. They don't work for each other. Everybody will be part of every process."
The process of remaking the Leafs is already under way.
We know the roster needs some work. You have to have a foundation before you can go anywhere. - New Maple Leafs GM Lou Lamoriello
Since taking over, Shanahan fired several assistant coaches, executives and scouts, Randy Carlyle and Dave Nonis and presided over the trade of Phil Kessel to the Penguins. Yet there are still plenty of big decisions to make, as Kessel is unlikely to be the only core player sent packing.
Shanahan is still setting the vision, but now it's Lamoriello's job to execute it.
"We know the roster needs some work," Lamoriello said. "You have to have a foundation before you can go anywhere. Yes, it could be slower, there could be more pain, because there could be more subtractions sometimes than additions to get that foundation with the right culture going forward."
Shanahan wanted someone with a wealth of experience in control. Among the handful of candidates he spoke with, Shanahan singled out former Washington Capitals GM George McPhee as a finalist.
Lamoriello had a relationship with the Leafs' president dating to 1987, when he drafted Shanahan. Ultimately Shanahan convinced one of his mentors to sign on in Toronto and was willing to pay the compensation price of a third-round pick to hire him.
Signed to a three-year deal, Lamoriello will be almost 76 when it expires. One of his duties will be to mentor the 28-year-old Dubas, who Lamoriello believes will grow into an NHL GM.
"I think having Lou in the organization is an opportunity for him to mentor us all," Shanahan said.
Long-term success will be measured on the ice, but how this management group fares will go a long way to determining the Leafs' organizational direction. Lamoriello believes winning comes when players mix like an orchestra, and the same can be said about the front office.
"I think that this orchestra works well with Lou," Shanahan said. "I think Lou has assets that we need and that we're looking for, but I also think that the rest of the guys that I've assembled here are going to be good for Lou."
The Trump administration wants reporters to say Trump has been a success, but they won't stand behind their claims in public.
If Donald Trump is so proud of the so-called “accomplishments” he has made in the first year of his presidency, why won't his top aides go on the record with reporters to discuss them?
That's the question reporters asked at the conclusion of a “background” briefing offered to journalists this week.
Two figures, who insisted they be identified only as “senior administration officials,” talked up Trump with a group of reporters. They offered several claims to justify their allegation that Trump has done well over the last 12 months, despite the considerable evidence to the contrary.
He has two notable accomplishments: installing a right-wing Supreme Court justice in a vacancy that was available only because Republicans changed the rules to steal it from Obama, and passing tax cuts for multi-millionaires on a completely party line basis. The tax legislation is historically unpopular, and Trump himself is not liked by most Americans despite the strength of the economy as the Obama recovery takes hold.
But the two briefers would not put their names on this package of supposedly great news.
After noting how odd it was that the White House aides would only speak positively about Trump if it remained a secret, a reporter asked the pair, “I'm just curious if there's anything you said there that you don't want to attach your name to and why that is on background.”
The official was unresponsive, and instead replied, “I'm happy to, from the press office, work together to put things on the record or deal with specific items you guys want to talk about. All right?”
The reporter pressed further, asking, “Could you please let everything before questions on the record?”
The official shut that down, answering, “No. We're going to keep it on background.”
The reporter then asked if the exchange about putting information on background was also secret.
It was.
The Trump official said, “It's all on background.”
What makes the exchange even more absurd is that the remarks give big clues as to who the supposedly anonymous officials were.
One official notes that the other person is a “she” who served as Trump's “campaign manager.” This is obviously Trump aide and cable news flack Kellyanne Conway, who held that title during the election (though she carried out very few of the functions traditionally associated with the position).
And based on other hints, such as the indication that the official works with the press on a regular basis, it is highly likely that the other official was press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders or another high-ranking press official.
The entire episode was an absurdist encapsulation of the Trump press approach — seeking praise yet sourcing it anonymously — while also publicly trying to undermine the notion of a fair and objective press.
The renowned Swiss artist H.R. Giger has died at the age of 73, following injuries sustained in a fall, Swiss public television, SRF, has reported. Giger was most famous for the alien monster he created for the movie of the same name.
In the art world, Giger, who focused during his career on the fantastic realism and surrealistic genres, is best known for his contribution to the film Alien. The monster he created for Ridley Scott's film earned him an Oscar for special effects in 1980.
His talent for scaring movie audiences was repeated in Poltergeist 2 (1986), Alien 3 (1992) and Species (1995). Computer game fans were able to enjoy his work in Dark Seed in 1995.
His film work was just one facet of his talent, though. Giger is also known for his sculptures, paintings and furniture.
Capt. Mark Kelly announced his retirement from the United States Navy and NASA on his Facebook page Tuesday.
"Words cannot convey my deep gratitude for the opportunities I have been given to serve our great nation," he said in the post. "From the day I entered the United States Merchant Marine Academy in the summer of 1982 to the moment I landed the Space Shuttle Endeavour three weeks ago, it has been my privilege to advance the ideals that define the United States of America."
His retirement will take effect on October 1, the post said.
Kelly said that he wants to be with his wife Rep. Gabrielle Giffords on her "mission of recovery."
Giffords was shot in the head January 8 in a mass shooting in Tucson that left six people dead. She was sent to the Houston facility January 21 to undergo intense rehabilitation. She was released last week to go through outpatient therapy.
Kelly, who has been with NASA for 15 years, completed his fourth and final shuttle mission on June 1. The space agency's 31-year shuttle program is coming to a close with the final mission, a flight of the shuttle Atlantis, in July.
In his Facebook posting, Kelly said he "will be forever grateful to the NASA managers who trusted me with this enormous responsibility during such a difficult period in my personal life."
Before joining the space program, Kelly served as a Navy pilot and flew combat missions in Operation Desert Storm from the aircraft carrier USS Midway.
"There is no higher calling" than military service, he said. "These are the people who inspire me with their sacrifice and timeless sense of duty."
Despite the end of the shuttle program, Kelly said he is optimistic about NASA's future: "Exploration is a critical component of what makes our country great. We will continue to explore and NASA will continue to lead that effort."
Just a few weeks until the NFL trade deadline and the biggest names available have come into clarity. With several teams teetering between contention and preparing for next year, will any of them make a move?
Josh Gordon to the Detroit Lions
Matthew Stafford has proven he's not an elite quarterback when he doesn't have a big receiver to throw to. That was proven when he managed just nine points in Green Bay without Calvin Johnson. The Detroit Lions are hurting at wide receiver with Johnson and Nate Burleson out. They sit in a tight race for the NFC North lead and can't afford a drop off in production on offense at such a critical juncture. If Johnson's knee continues to cause him problem then the Lions need to find help. That include going deep on the trade market. Considering where they sit on the salary cap, price shouldn't be their biggest issue, which is why Josh Gordon of the Cleveland Browns is a top target. He is big, athletic and can make the tough catches for his quarterback. The trouble is it will cost a second round pick to get him. It's steep price, but worthwhile if Detroit can pair him with Megatron down the stretch.
Kenny Britt to the Atlanta Falcons
Another team that could be favored in the Gordon race, the Atlanta Falcons normally don't take aggressive routes to getting a receiver unless they're certain he can help them win games. They already did that once with Cleveland when they traded up in the draft to get Julio Jones. Unfortunately the second-year star is likely out for the rest of the season with a foot injury. With Roddy White also ailing they need help at receiver, but a second round pick may be too steep considering how many high draft picks they've given up over the past couple years. On the other hand, they could find a much cheaper deal waiting for them with the Tennessee Titans. They are at their wits end with wide receiver Kenny Britt, a talented but trouble 25-year old. His off-the-field history and rumored laziness has gotten him benched. His best hope to see the field now is with another team. Atlanta would probably not have to surrender more than a fourth round pick for him, which is a bargain considering his potential in their offense.
Justin Tuck to the Chicago Bears
Julius Peppers got old in a hurry. Such things happen to football players once they reach their mid-30s. As a result the Chicago Bears pass rush, further hampered by injuries to Henry Melton and Nate Collins, ranks 30th in the league through five games. This issue has led to some uncharacteristic breakdowns in their defense. GM Phil Emery has said he's always exploring trade possibilities but hasn't seen anything worthwhile thus far. One player that might become available soon is New York Giants defensive end Justin Tuck. The Giants are 0-5 and could be 0-6 soon as they visit Chicago in week six. Tuck is a free agent next year and at 30-years old is unlikely to stay. He's not the same player he was a few years ago but he's a veteran with good leadership qualities who can bring depth to a defensive front that sorely needs it.
Maurice Jones-Drew to the St. Louis Rams
Everybody mildly conscious can tell the Jacksonville Jaguars are done for the 2013 NFL season. It's approaching that time where they will start to consider unloading established veterans on the roster in order to collect as many draft picks as possible for 2014. One valuable chip they haven't made available yet is running back Maurice Jones-Drew. At 28-years old he is set to become a free agent next year. Having recently returned from injury he's managed to average 4.5 yards per carry despite how poorly the Jaguars offense has played all year. His value is still considerably high and must be exploited. One team that could benefit the most from getting him is the St. Louis Rams. They haven't looked like the steady, efficient offense from last year largely thanks to no running game. Clearly the loss of Steven Jackson has hurt more than expected. With two first round picks in their pocket, they can afford to offer up a third round choice for Jones-Drew, who could become the missing piece to their offensive puzzle.
Hakeem Nicks to New England Patriots
Going 52 games with a touchdown pass says it all. Tom Brady has enjoyed an unqualified run of offensive success. Unfortunately the cupboard that once overflowed with offensive weapons has run dry. His running backs are all hurt and the great arsenal of receivers like Wes Welker and Brandon Lloyd have been replaced by unreliable rookies and injury-prone veterans. That is why the streak came to an end in Cincinnati. Brady is in sore need of a go-to receiver. The return of Rob Gronkowski will help but he still lacks a consistent target on the outside. A name that might pop up on their radar is Hakeem Nicks. The New York Giants star is nearing the end of his contract and with his team struggling they may look to collect a draft pick for his services rather than simply lose him to NFL free agency. Nicks is a big, fast threat on the outside who can go get the football when it's thrown his way. He would be awfully dangerous in the Patriots offense.
view:
topics flat nest
David
Premium Member
join:2002-05-30
Granite City, IL David Premium Member hmmm Is it still considered a success if you are being sued?
tiger72
SexaT duorP
Premium Member
join:2001-03-28
Saint Louis, MO 1 recommendation tiger72 Premium Member Re: hmmm Considering it led to a whole slew of high-specced "superphones" with Google's operating system? Yep.
David
Premium Member
join:2002-05-30
Granite City, IL David Premium Member Re: hmmm said by tiger72:
Considering it led to a whole slew of high-specced "superphones" with Google's operating system? Yep.
Considering it led to a whole slew of high-specced "superphones" with Google's operating system? Yep. I guess this will just be absorbed as cost.
Alcohol
Premium Member
join:2003-05-26
Climax, MI 1 recommendation Alcohol to David
Premium Member to David
said by David:
Is it still considered a success if you are being sued?
Is it still considered a success if you are being sued? That is the definition of success in America.
Lark3po
Premium Member
join:2003-08-05
Madison, AL Lark3po Premium Member T-Mobile Only? Is this T-Mobile only problem? I haven't noticed this as an issue with ATT.
tiger72
SexaT duorP
Premium Member
join:2001-03-28
Saint Louis, MO 515.0 438.4
tiger72 Premium Member Re: T-Mobile Only? Some of the T-Mobile handsets have this. Many don't. None of the ATT handsets have the 3g problem.
Karl's post was inaccurate at best with regards to the specifics too. Namely that T-Mobile wasn't the only way to get the phone. It was the only way to get a SUBSIDIZED phone. MRCUR
join:2007-03-09
Lancaster, PA MRCUR Member Re: T-Mobile Only? You're kidding, right? I have a Nexus One with AT&T 3G bands and it has by far the worst antenna/radio design I've ever dealt with. The phone randomly drops from 4 bars (which is "full" strength under Android" to no signal whatsoever and no data - all without being moved out handled.
I love my Nexus One, but the antenna/radio is godawful.
Cjaiceman
MVM
join:2004-10-12
Las Vegas, NV Cjaiceman to Lark3po
MVM to Lark3po
I was also thinking the same thing. I have noticed that on AT&T 3G my phone seems to hold the 3G signal a little better than other HTC based devices on AT&T. shadow0290
join:2005-11-08
USA shadow0290 Member Apple Can these same people please sue Apple for failing to fix a severe hardware problem?
eric_n_dfw
join:2001-10-22
Roanoke, TX eric_n_dfw Member Re: Apple said by shadow0290:
Can these same people please sue Apple for failing to fix a severe hardware problem?
Can these same people please sue Apple for failing to fix a severe hardware problem?
My iPhone4 works fine, btw, best 3g reception I've ever had.
Both of these suits sound bogus to me, if you didn't like either phone, return them. You mean like this: » AT&T, Apple Sued Over iPhone 4 Antenna Issue [111] comments My iPhone4 works fine, btw, best 3g reception I've ever had.Both of these suits sound bogus to me, if you didn't like either phone, return them.
thender
Screen tycoon
Premium Member
join:2009-01-01
Brooklyn, NY 4 edits 1 recommendation thender Premium Member Google knows nothing of support. How long did google checkout exist without a contact number - a merchant services account that can reverse financial transactions with no notice for erroneous security reasons. They can turn around a $900 charge without reason, and are arrogant enough to have no contact number.
Google should stick to services where one doesn't expect real tech support. ads on the sides of webpages, free webmail, a search engine.
Everything they take part in that requires actual customer support seems to fail, because their corporate culture does not see a need for 1 on 1 customer service with an employee who has the authority to solve the user's problem. They know nothing of this kind of problem-solving - having a direct responsibility to one person to solve that problem on the spot.
They think they can get around all these annoying issues by having a very streamlined, narrow & strict manner of dealing with customers. It doesn't work. If you try to provide X, fail to provide X, and won't properly speak to the people you failed to provide it to, they will bite your face off, and it's about time some people start doing just that. hottboiinnc4
ME
join:2003-10-15
Cleveland, OH hottboiinnc4 Member Re: Google knows nothing of support. very true and it will only get worse google.. Radioman991
join:2001-09-24
Dayton, OH Radioman991 to thender
Member to thender
said by thender:
How long did google checkout exist without a contact number - a merchant services account that can reverse financial transactions with no notice for erroneous security reasons, that cannot be contacted.
Google should stick to services where one doesn't expect real tech support. ads on the sides of webpages, free webmail, a search engine.
Everything they take part in that requires actual customer support seems to fail, it's because their corporate culture does not see a need for 1 on 1 customer service with someone who has the authority to solve the user's problem. They know nothing of this kind of problem-solving - having a direct responsibility to one person to solve that problem on the spot.
They think they can get around all these annoying issues by having a very streamlined, narrow & strict manner of dealing with customers. It doesn't work. If you try to provide X, fail to provide X, and won't properly speak to the people you failed to provide it to, they will bite your face off.
How long did google checkout exist without a contact number - a merchant services account that can reverse financial transactions with no notice for erroneous security reasons, that cannot be contacted.Google should stick to services where one doesn't expect real tech support. ads on the sides of webpages, free webmail, a search engine.Everything they take part in that requires actual customer support seems to fail, it's because their corporate culture does not see a need for 1 on 1 customer service with someone who has the authority to solve the user's problem. They know nothing of this kind of problem-solving - having a direct responsibility to one person to solve that problem on the spot.They think they can get around all these annoying issues by having a very streamlined, narrow & strict manner of dealing with customers. It doesn't work. If you try to provide X, fail to provide X, and won't properly speak to the people you failed to provide it to, they will bite your face off.
Not at all surprising that turd of a phone failed...with no support structure beyond an FAQ site and an email address. I am not a fan of "sue-happy" lawyers, but the Borg needs to pay for their arrogance. Well said. Google indeed does not know how to support customers. Case in point. The first real "call center" they absorbed (dMarc Broadcasting) supported the company's radio automation products. Epic fail from the Borg. I can't count the number of times regular Google "users" would call Radio Automation support looking for support for other Google products...and we looked like idiots who were unable to steer them to the right department.Not at all surprising that turd of a phone failed...with no support structure beyond an FAQ site and an email address. I am not a fan of "sue-happy" lawyers, but the Borg needs to pay for their arrogance. NeoandGeo
join:2003-05-10
Harrison, TN NeoandGeo Member . Who do I sue for my VZ Droid dropping into 1x many times throughout the day? your comment..
Tim Paine's route to a Magellan Ashes debut has been far from conventional, but Australia great Ricky Ponting believes the Tasmanian could be the answer to the Australia's wicketkeeping woes.
Paine has sensationally been handed the gloves for Australia's Magellan Ashes campaign despite not being the Tigers' first-choice keeper and having his career nearly ended by a succession of finger injuries.
But Ponting, who presented Paine with his Baggy Green in 2010 when he made his Test debut at Lord's against Pakistan, believes the 32-year-old's time out of the game may be a blessing in disguise.
Ponting presents Tim Paine with his baggy green in 2010 // Getty
"I don't think there's ever been any doubt about his wicketkeeping ability which is the reason why he had never been dropped from the Australian team," Ponting told cricket.com.au.
"I've said for a long time, that he's clearly the best keeper in the country and over the years we've seen glimpses of how good a batsman he actually is.
"The thing about him is, he hasn't actually played that much cricket because of the injuries he's had. Two whole years off and then the last few years he's been in and out of the state team as well.
"Without playing much cricket he's always looked after himself exceptionally well. He's always the first one in the gym and he's got a naturally fit and athletic body.
"If he can nail some good performances these first few Test matches then that will obviously secure his spot for the rest of this series. Which could then mean he's Australia's gloveman for the next few years."
QUICK SINGLE Ponting's message to axed Renshaw
Having been deployed as a specialist opener at the start of his first-class career more than a decade ago, Paine has been so highly-rated as a batsman that Ponting believes his returns tend to inevitably fall short of high expectations.
The right-hander's first-class returns with the bat in recent seasons - before half-centuries against England in a tour match last week and against Victoria this week he'd failed to make a first-class fifty in more than three years - have precluded him from featuring more as a specialist batsman for Tasmania.
But Ponting points out the fact he fell just eight runs short of a ton in his third Test outing – the opening match of Australia's 2010 tour of India – is a sign Paine has the mettle to deliver under the harsh spotlight of international cricket.
Paine displays class with unbeaten half-century
"That's the thing that's held him back from playing a lot more for Tasmania in the last few years," said Ponting, who has worked closely with Paine on his batting in recent times.
"Everyone knows he's talented with the bat, so when he doesn't make those big scores it's almost a negative against him.
"If you can get an average of 30 or 40 out of your wicketkeeper that's all you need if your top order is doing their job.
"Technically he's very correct. When you watch him in the Big Bash you just think, 'how has this guy not actually scored more Shield runs?'
"When he's out there playing well, he looks as good as any of the other batters around the country.
"There's no doubting there's a lot of talent there and he's made a Test match 92 before in tough conditions in India, so let's hope he can repay the faith the selectors have shown - I'm sure he will."
Paine's sensational catch standing up at stumps
Paine had been on the verge of departing Tasmania for a job in Melbourne at the end of last summer having played just three Sheffield Shields matches at the back-end of the season.
A two-year contract offer from his native state eventuated but with incumbent Test gloveman Matthew Wade (who originally left the Apple Isle a decade ago because he was behind Paine in the state's pecking order) moving back to Hobart over the winter, there was no room for Paine in the Shield side at the start of this summer.
QUICK SINGLE Warner the real Ashes enforcer: Clarke
After scoring an unbeaten 71 against the Bushrangers this week playing as a specialist batsman, selectors decided Paine was their best bet with the likes of Wade and his Test predecessor Peter Nevill failing to advance their case in the early Shield rounds.
And while Ponting admits Paine's selection is "left-field", he says the gloveman's meticulous streak will help him find his feet again at Test level.
"He's a very competitive person, a born winner who wears his heart on his sleeve when he's out on the pitch and someone who is always trying to get the best out of his teammates.”
2017-18 International Fixtures
Magellan Ashes Series
First Test Gabba, November 23-27. Buy tickets
Second Test Adelaide Oval, December 2-6 (Day-Night). Buy tickets
Third Test WACA Ground, December 14-18. Buy tickets
Fourth Test MCG, December 26-30. Buy tickets
Fifth Test SCG, January 4-8 (Pink Test). Buy tickets
ODI Series v England
First ODI MCG, January 14. Buy tickets
Second ODI Gabba, January 19. Buy tickets
Third ODI SCG, January 21. Buy tickets
Fourth ODI Adelaide Oval, January 26. Buy tickets
Fifth ODI Perth TBC, January 28. Join the ACF
Prime Minister's XI
PM's XI v England Manuka Oval, February 2. Buy tickets
T20 trans-Tasman Tri-Series
First T20I Australia v NZ, SCG, February 3. Buy tickets
Second T20I – Australia v England, Blundstone Arena, February 7. Buy tickets
Third T20I – Australia v England, MCG, February 10. Buy tickets
Fourth T20I – NZ v England, Wellington, February 14
Fifth T20I – NZ v Australia, Eden Park, February 16
Sixth T20I – NZ v England, Seddon Park, February 18
Final – TBC, Eden Park, February 21
The NFL has come out against House Republicans' tax cut bill, putting the league out on a political limb even as it deals with the fallout from national anthem protests.
Other big pro sports leagues are staying out of the fight, but a spokesman for the National Football League said teams don't want to lose a special tax break that allows them to use tax-free bonds to build stadiums.
The NFL says it deserves the break because new stadiums create jobs.
“You can look around the country and see the economic development that's generated from some of these stadiums,” Joe Lockhart, a former press secretary for President Clinton and now an NFL spokesman, told reporters on a conference call last week, according to Reuters.
The NFL is the only major sports league to take a stance on the tax proposal. Representatives from Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association and the National Hockey League declined to comment when contacted by The Washington Times. A spokesman for Major League Soccer did not return multiple requests for comment
Tax-free municipal bonds are generally used for roads, hospitals and the like, though a number of communities have extended them to help sports teams.
House Republicans, looking to cull the bloated tax code of those kinds of special breaks, wrote restrictions into the tax cut bill preventing teams from taking advantage of tax-free bonds.
It would save the government $200 million over the next decade, according to early estimates.
Sen. James Lankford, an Oklahoma Republican who has fought to end the tax break, rejected Mr. Lockhart's assertion that the stadiums create economic benefits.
“Although stadium construction for multimillion-dollar sports franchises may have some local economic benefit, that is not the responsibility of the federal government,” Mr. Lankford said in a statement to The Washington Times on Wednesday. “The federal debt is now at a ridiculous $20 trillion. Using billions of federal taxpayer dollars for the subsidization of private stadiums, when we have real infrastructure needs in our country, is not a good way to prioritize our limited amount of money.”
Federal taxpayers have helped underwrite about $13 billion in bonds to build or upgrade stadiums across all sports since 2000, according to a Brookings Institution study. Brookings estimates that the federal government has lost as much as $3.7 billion in tax revenue on the bonds, exceeding the $3.2 billion in savings they have created for team owners.
The NFL is injecting itself into Capitol Hill politics while it still faces criticism for failing to come up with a policy on players protesting the anthem.
Some embittered fans have threatened to boycott the league, television ratings have dropped 5 percent from last year's numbers and the league is facing scrutiny over how it handles concussions.
The NFL also has more to lose than other leagues if the government cuts off public support.
With tax-exempt bonds and other public subsidies, taxpayers have spent an average of $262 million on each NFL stadium built from 1990 to 2010, according to a study by Judith Grant Long, a University of Michigan professor of urban planning. That is about $60 million more than the average MLB stadium received.
Michael Leeds, chair of Temple University's Economics Department, said the NFL is likely taking the lead on this issue because it is more experienced than other sports at lobbying Congress.
The league has persuaded legislators to waive its antitrust exemption to sign its first network television contract and finalize its merger with the American Football League in 1970.
“The NFL has been a more active player in Washington over the past 50 years, and other sports have piggybacked off them,” said Mr. Leeds, who has studied stadium financing. “They have played the Washington card very skillfully over the years, and that has created a culture where they are much more ready to move forward with lobbying D.C.”
Focusing on the economic benefits of stadiums could be an effective argument for the NFL. The league says its interests align with local governments rather than looking for federal government handouts.
“I think this is a potentially winning strategy because they are saying if you support the NFL, you support your hometown,” Mr. Leeds said.
Previous attempts to eliminate federal tax subsidies for stadiums have failed. The 1986 Tax Reform Act forced team owners to finance stadiums with taxable dollars. That shut team owners out of the public bond market. Cities desperate to keep sports teams and exempt them from the rule stepped up and issued the tax-free bonds.
Proposals in the late 1990s to close federal tax loopholes for stadium financing were floated by Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, New York Democrat, and Sen. Joseph R. Biden, Delaware Democrat. Neither plan gained any steam.
President Obama specifically targeted eliminating tax-exempt bonds for stadium financing in 2015, but Congress never considered his plan.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
At least two states are threatening to sue if President Trump decides to cancel the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson (D) said Monday that his state will sue Trump if he ends the program, which shields from deportation undocumented immigrants who were brought to the country as minors and allows them to receive work permits.
“If President Trump follows through on his reported decision to cancel DACA after a six-month delay, the Washington Attorney General's Office will file suit to halt this cruel and illegal policy and defend DACA recipients,” Ferguson said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We have been working closely with legal teams around the country, and we expect to be joined by other states in this action.”
Ferguson's statement comes after New York's governor and attorney general also said their state would sue if Trump ends the Obama-era program.
Nearly 800,000 immigrants have received deportation deferrals under the program, which began in 2012.
Trump is expected to end the program with a six-month delay, giving Congress the opportunity to step in and pass legislation, according to multiple reports.
The White House has said that there will make a formal announcement on the future of the program Tuesday.
Using high-density lithium, the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery for Mavic Air can deliver up to 21 minutes of flight time.
This new remote controller from Gamesir is designed to be used with the Ryze Robotics Tello. The Gamesir T1D gives you more control, with two high-precision 3D joysticks and an array of buttons.
The Maverick boasts a compact, low profile design that cleverly folds away to the size of a water bottle, making it easier to carry for travelling.
The Ultimate drone just got an upgrade. Thermal camera and visual camera mounted on the DJI Mavic 2 Enterprise Drone.
Unlock the possibilities of flight with an extended port that allows you to connect additional devices onto the drone, helping you perform at your best in a variety of critical missions.
The brand new 1-inch CMOS sensor has an active sensing area four times more effective than the original Mavic Pro. The large sensor also means better performance in low-light environments.
Powered by a 1/2.3-inch 12-megapixel sensor with up to 4x zoom, including a 2x optical zoom (24–48 mm), the Mavic 2 Zoom is all about dynamic perspectives.
As a UK retailer we only sell genuine UK approved stock. We also have a store where you can see the latest drones in action »
Our expert team know our products inside out, so you can rest assured you'll get advice you can trust, to help you find exactly what you need.
Our UK based team is only a call or a click away! Give us a ring or use our live chat service - whichever you prefer. We're happy to help.
The UK's Largest And Best Drone Store
Drones Direct specialise in Camera Drones, Racing Drones, Commercial Drones and Drone Components to build your own Drone. With the UKs the largest range of products from all of the leading manufacturers such as DJI, Yuneec, Parrot, ProFlight and many more. Customers are provided with unrivalled choice, competitive low prices, and a highly knowledgeable sales team to give any advice needed for peace of mind.
Drones Direct works with the world's leading Drone and Multirotor brands, offering the very latest products including: DJI Mavic Air, DJI Mavic 2, DJI Phantom 4 Pro v2, DJI Inspire 2, Yuneec Typhoon H+, Yuneec Mantis Q, Parrot Anafi, Swellpro Auto and many more. Drones Direct also offer the exclusive ProFlight brand which radiates cutting-edge drone technology and quality components for incredible flight performance and reliability.
Drones Direct are committed to providing excellent customer service and consistently receive excellent feedback on Reevoo, Trustpilot and Google.
Business, Corporate and Education Drone Sales
With over twenty years experience and success in configuring, building, and supplying UAV and commercial drone products, covering custom-built drones for search and rescue or to use on movie sets, you can rely upon us to provide you with not only fantastic products but also exemplary levels of customer service and support all the way from pre-sales advice through to post-sales warranties and ad-hoc queries.
Whether you're a small business, larger corporation or an education establishment, Drones Direct will be happy to help with all of your UAV and drone requirements.
KUALA LUMPUR: Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Abdul Razak (pix) will leave for the Netherlands on Wednesday, to discuss the Malaysia Airlines (MAS) Flight MH17 crash in Ukraine.
The Boeing 777-200 aircaft was believed to have been shot down on June 17.
The Prime Minister's Office said in a statement issued here today, Najib would also meet his counterpart, Mark Rutte at The Hague, to discuss in particular, whether Malaysian pathologists could be of assistance in expediting the process of identifying the human remains.
"Both prime ministers will also discuss securing full access to the crash site, so that the international team can complete a comprehensive investigation to determine the cause of the crash, and who is responsible," it said.
Malaysia on June 21 had secured an agreement for the release of the MH17 victims' bodies and black boxes, as well as for international investigators to have access to the crash site in Grabove, eastern Ukraine.
This decision was reached, following the agreement Najib brokered with the leader of the crash site, Alexander Borodai.
Najib had said that Malaysia's agreement with those in control of the crash site had three central elements, namely the transfer of the black boxes to Malaysia; return of the human remains; and, full access to the crash site given to international investigators.
The first two conditions have been met and the priority now is to ensure the international investigators are given full and secure access to the site.
"This will require the cooperation of those in control of the crash site and the Ukrainian armed forces," noted Najib.
According to the statement, since the agreement, a team of three Malaysian investigators had visited the crash site on three occassions, namely July 22, 23 and 24.
"Each visit lasted approximately three hours. The investigators managed to observe some parts of the crash site and take notes and photographs. However, as the wreckage has been scattered over a vast area, they were unable to visit the entire crash site," it added.
The Malaysian team believes it will require at least 30 investigators to cover the entire site, along with three Dutch investigators and an International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) representative.
"Unfortunately, events on the ground, including ongoing fighting between Ukrainian and separatist forces hinder the deployment of such a large contingent of investigators," said the statement.
The Malaysian investigators are currently compiling a preliminary report of their findings, and once the report is finalised, they plan to return to the crash site, if possible, with a bigger investigation team and in more secure circumstances.
During Najib's visit to the Netherlands, the prime minister will also visit the forensic centre where the bodies of the crash victims were taken to, and sign a condolence book.
The MAS MH17 aircraft crashed in troubled eastern Ukraine on July 17, while flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur with 298 people - 283 passengers and 15 crew - on board.
The Malaysian special investigation team comprising 131 personnel from various government agencies arrived at the Kiev International Airport in Ukraine last Saturday. – Bernama
Map of Iapetus - January 2008
This global map of Iapetus was created using images taken during Cassini spacecraft flybys, with Voyager images filling in the poles.The map is an equidistant projection and has a scale of 803 meters (0.5 miles) per pixel. Some territory seen in this map was imaged by Cassini's cameras using reflected light from Saturn. The mean radius of Iapetus used for projection of this map is 736 kilometers (457 miles). The resolution of the map is 16 pixels per degree. This updated map has been shifted west by 4.5 degrees of longitude, compared to the previously released Cassini product (see PIA07778), in order to conform to the International Astronomical Union longitude system convention for Iapetus.The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo.
For more information about the Cassini-Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov . The Cassini imaging team homepage is at http://ciclops.org .
Credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
› High resolution annotated (4.5Mb jpg)
+ View archive
The Boston Red Sox put center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. on the disabled list Monday, a day after he was diagnosed with a sprained ligament in his right knee.
Manager John Farrell said the decision was made to put Bradley on the DL after he went through a full exam Monday back in Boston with team doctor Dr. Peter Asnis.
"He's going to need some time. Hopefully it's just the 10 days, we'll see," Farrell said.
While rounding first base in the ninth on Saturday, center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. injured his knee and wound up on the DL on Monday. Rick Osentoski/USA TODAY Sports
Bradley sprained his knee as a result of losing his footing while rounding first base in the ninth inning on Saturday. The knee appeared stable upon an initial examination by doctors at Comerica Park, but after he woke up Sunday with swelling and stiffness, Bradley went for an MRI that revealed inflammation on the outside of the knee capsule and the sprained ligament.
Bradley sat out the Red Sox's come-from-behind, 7-5 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Sunday. "I feel a lot better," he said Sunday. "Feels like it's going in the right direction."
Bradley had struck a similarly upbeat tone Saturday after twisting his knee awkwardly and falling to the dirt. He walked off the field under his own power and said he "absolutely" would be able to play Sunday, joking that his legs can hold up under anything because "I'm built like Secretariat."
Shortstop Xander Bogaerts is expected to rejoin the team for Tuesday's game at Fenway Park against the Baltimore Orioles. He has been on bereavement leave and was supposed to rejoin the team Monday in Detroit, but he had travel issues returning from Aruba.
Lefthander Drew Pomeranz will be activated from the 10-day disabled list to make the start against the Orioles.
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aaron Ramsey was today ruled out of Arsenal 's crunch games in the title race, FA Cup and Champions League.
Ramsey limped out of Arsenal's defeat with Watford because of a calf injury and Arsene Wenger says the Wales midfielder is out for three weeks.
Gunners boss Wenger is now facing a midfield crisis with Santi Cazorla already out and Granit Xhaka suspended. Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud is also a fitness worry for the trip to Chelsea.
But despite all of the mounting problems, Wenger insists that he has no regrets in letting Jack Wilshere go out on loan or at least inserting a recall clause in his deal with Bournemouth.
(Image: Shaun Botterill)
(Image: REUTERS)
Wenger said: “I would say 21 days (on Ramsey). Yes, we are a bit short at the moment but I think we have young players who can do well in there.
“We have Adelaide, we have of course Maitland-Niles, we have Chamberlain. Iwobi can play in there. Elneny will come back after Sunday, so I still have some strengths.
“I think we have agreed for him (Wilshere) to go for one-year on loan and we will accept that. I would like to reiterate that we didn't push him out. He wanted to go somewhere and play and I agreed with that.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“He wanted to go because he saw the level of the competitive players we had in midfield and let's not forget we have as well Xhaka suspended, so there's a huge level of competition and I accept to let him go and we have to deal with the consequences of that.”
Wenger insisted he did not give his players two days off after the Watford defeat and claims they will be better prepared to face Chelsea.
“I think naturally we will be more on alert than we were against Watford,” said Wenger. “I believe that in this game we have more to rebuild the united strength to go into this game than being on the edge of our concentration. I think we will naturally be [on alert].”
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
Wenger admitted that he tried TWICE to sign Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante when he was at Leicester and also Caen. Wenger cryptically suggested that it came down to money.
Wenger added: “Yes. When he in France, when he was at Leicester. There again, I cannot explain everything but it is quite obvious when you look where he has gone.
“I do not want to talk about that, transfers are transfers - you cannot explain absolutely everything.”
Say “bonjour” to watching hundreds of international films online, with hyperlinked subtitles that link to huge databases of information, and say “au revoir” to a teacher at the front of the classroom just asking you to “repeat after me.”
Ayamel is a new platform for a common process of language learning involving media. Instructors have used video to teach language for years, but with Ayamel they can now utilize technological capabilities more than ever before.
Ayamel was developed at Brigham Young University and is attracting interest from educators throughout the U.S. and around the world.
“Video provides a very powerful tool for language learners in that it provides access to authentic language in the engaging context of a story,” said Michael Bush, a BYU French and instructional psychology and technology associate professor. “Video can also provide additional important information that is often crucial to communication: those non-language cues such as tone of voice, facial expressions and gestures.”
You're familiar with how subtitles work on television and movies. Well, imagine if those subtitles were clickable and hyperlinked to dictionaries and databases with millions of definitions and copious amounts of culturally-significant information. You can pause and rewatch certain parts of the movie. You can jump around within the movie seamlessly to find the uses of certain words and phrases. You can speed up or slow down the movie. The movies and subtitles are available in multiple languages. It's a powerful resource to learn language.
“Students enjoy being able to easily access the aids to comprehension that the system provides,” Bush said. “They not only can see subtitles that represent what they hear, but they can also interact with the words to obtain definitions that help them better understand what they are hearing.”
Another major technological tool is on the back end of Ayamel — the analytics it provides for instructors. They can glean important insights about their students' behavior. They can see how much time their students are spending on the platform, what parts of the videos they are watching, and rewatching, and what specific words the students are clicking on for more information.
Bush is quick to note that this is not a case of technology replacing a teacher. That's not the goal. If anything, Ayamel is a tool to help students learn outside of the classroom so that they can benefit most from instructors during in-class time. Plus, the analytics provide teachers with the ability to address the needs of individual students better.
BYU German professor Cindy Brewer has started using Ayamel extensively in classes on campus and as part of independent study courses.
“I am a huge fan,” Brewer said. “I will never go back. It makes it easy for students to parse the language themselves by clicking and using the dictionary. That is amazing. Students end up going through the film three or four times on their own. Then I can use class time to really practice the language and just use the film for structuring.”
Ayamel was developed by Bush and a team of BYU students in the BYU ARCLITE Lab. Bush has been using technology to enhance language learning for more than 30 years. With the rate of technological advancement over that span, what he was designing and planning in the 70s looks very different from what he's doing now. Bush said it's been amazing to see how things have changed over the years, doing things with Ayamel that he could never dream of even 10 years ago.
Ayamel Details
The Language Flagship, a part of the U.S. Department of Defense's National Security Education Program (NSEP), funded the Ayamel project. Instructure, a Utah-based technology company that creates and encourages creation of tools and resources for improving education, has also recognized the strengths of the project. Along with a cash prize from Instructure, Ayamel was added to Instructure's Canvas App Center, an open, cloud-native learning platform. More than six million teachers and learners use Canvas for its learning management system and its extensive offering of open online courses (MOOCs).
The BYU ARCLITE Lab, housed in the Center for Language Studies in BYU's College of Humanities, partnered with the American Councils for International Education in the development of Ayamel.
Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.) is calling on Republicans to work with Democrats on healthcare reform after GOP leaders on Friday dropped their plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
Dent, the co-chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group, expressed frustration Saturday with House GOP leadership's efforts to rush their bill through Congress, comparing it to the Democrats' passage of ObamaCare in 2010.
"If we're going to have a durable, sustainable healthcare reform in this country, it must be done on a bipartisan basis," Dent said during an interview with CNN's Michael Smerconish.
ADVERTISEMENT
"The failure of the Democrats ... was they jammed this thing through on a partisan basis, and we've been fighting about it ever since."
"We as Republicans should not make that same mistake — trying to jam this thing through, muscle it through on a partisan basis," he continued. "The House could flip, the Senate could flip, then we'd be back at this, fighting ad nauseum. We need a bipartisan, durable, sustainable solution."
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) on Friday pulled the plug on the GOP's American Health Care Act (AHCA) amid looming failure in a vote. The bill failed to win enough backing among Republicans, and no Democrats were expected to vote for it.
Dent was among a sizable group of House Republicans vowing to vote against the measure.
After the AHCA was pulled from consideration, Trump said he would wait for ObamaCare to fail before striking a deal on a new healthcare reform plan with Democrats.
Dent argued that there's ground for bipartisan cooperation on healthcare reform, saying Democrats will have to be willing to work on repairing the individual insurance market, which he said was broken under the Affordable Care Act.
On the other hand, Dent said, Republicans will have to accept that some parts of ObamaCare will have to stay in place.
"We could find areas of agreement to improve this system," he said. "And again, no matter what we do, we have to do it on a bipartisan basis."
Dent isn't the only GOP lawmaker to call for bipartisan cooperation on healthcare reform. Sen. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.) said he is willing to pursue a bipartisan bill after the GOP plan failed Friday.
“At some point, on behalf of the American people, we have to resolve the issues that are driving up costs, limiting choices, and causing the individual market to spiral downward," he said in a statement. "I stand ready to work with the administration and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in order to fix our broken health care system.”
The American version of The Office has been a long time staple of my (limited) television watching regiment. The show had provided many hilarious and memorable moments over the years and is probably one of my all-time favourite series (which really is not hard as I like few shows but that is a topic for another time.) You may have noticed I used “had”, as in past-tense. This latest season of The Office has not at all been funny or at all enjoyable. And this down-slide has had nothing to do with Steve Carell leaving the show, in fact the season previous to this one (which did not have Carell) was one of the best in recent memory and was almost a refreshing change of pace. The problem with the show is I would no longer classify the program as a comedy; it is now a soap opera. As poorly written and planned out as any of the soap operas that were the only thing on TV when you were a kid home from school. The whole tone of this season has been drastically different, instead of jokes and light hearted touching moments we have come to expect we have been forced to endure overdramatic and painful episodes and situations. Even Jim's classic (and usually down right hilarious) practical jokes on Dwight have become depressing. If the writers of The Office are trying to talk about the frailty of human relationships they have picked the wrong place to do it. I watch The Office to enjoy myself, not practice my gag reflexes.
Let's talk about just one thing that's wrong with this season, Andy and Erin's relationship. If you are at all worried about spoilers skip this paragraph, but I would not be worried if I was you – you are not missing out. The complete change of Andy and Erin's relationship has been nothing short of a travesty. First Andy was this character who was cheated on and abused by another character who then was able to get the wonderful new girl (Erin) who was perfect for him. Then sadly he lost her, but through an eventual grand romantic gesture he was able to get her back. Everyone is happy… Not so fast, in this current season Andy has all of a sudden went from being willing to lose his job for Erin to not at all caring about and leaving her behind as he sails away. And back home, feeling abandoned Erin starts having feelings for one of the new characters for this season. This brings up issues of is what Erin doing wrong? Is she cheating on Andy emotionally? If she is doing it matter since Andy all of a sudden does not at all care about her anyways? See what I mean? Soap opera bull. This is The Office, we have been routing for Andy to get Erin for seasons. We want, no need, the happy ending. Yes it could still happen, but the latest episode “Customer Loyalty”, has cast that into serious doubt.
There is nothing worse than when the ending of a long running series completely ruins the series for you. After many years (ten in the case of The Office) you are emotionally attached to the show and to the characters and the creators of the show have a duty to make the fans of the show happy. Without fans there would be no show, the sole purpose of the show is to bring in viewers and to make them happy. And as much as it stinks, I think the conclusion of The Office is going to leave fans unhappy and unsatisfied. I have long thought a long running TV series, especially a sitcom, needs to have a conclusion that works. The safest bet (and my favourite method) is the leave-things-exactly-the-way-they-were method, classic Canadian sitcom Corner Gas did this ending absolutely beautifully (if you need a reminder watch it here, but start from the beginning if you haven't seen the show before). However, I do not see that happening with The Office (in fact it seems obvious based on episodes so far), instead we will be force-fed a brutal depressing explosion of the show we once loved. And as much as I hate it I will still watch it, and then wish I never did.
10 TIPS FOR BOLD LIVING FROM A DOMINATRIX
“I'm slaying the scene and these bitches will DEAL”
-The best thing I've heard her say.
Yep, I'm friends with a dominatrix.
Apart from being a totally kickass person, the way this girl dominates (haha) her life is totally inspiring. Once she puts her mind to something there is no stopping her. Determination, willpower–call it what you will, but the fact of the matter is she gets things done. She is always projecting such a poised self-confidence.
I was curious if the insight she has gained as a domme have any real world application.
I asked and she delivered.
Becoming a “domme” or dominatrix is not something you aspire to be when you're a little kid. “Mommy, when I grow up I want to kick men in the scrotum!” It's not even something I imagined I'd ever do, as I attended Princeton University. Nevertheless, I was first exposed to the world of BDSM, while dating an open-minded individual in college. Even after the relationship ended, I was left wanting more. I craved this new and exciting world where limits and boundaries were explored and challenged. As a woman, I deeply appreciated the feminist undertones and unconditional adoration given to the dominant woman as well as the fact that BDSM is truly more of a psychological and spiritual exercise than a sexual experience.
After graduation, I decided to make my hobby a part-time profession. However, I lacked the skills, intuition, wardrobe, and conviction to really convince my subs and slaves that I was truly a lifestyle domme. I had to learn quickly what to do and how to do it; as one of my first subs told me (who happened to be handicapped) , I was “too nice and way too gentle”. It was then that I realized that they're not looking for a nice, sweet, well-mannered lady– they were looking to submit to a “bitch– a controlling, domineering, devious, manipulative, arrogant dominatrix”. For a limited amount of time, they were relinquishing control in a power exchange, and it was my duty to assume the role, which through time and experience, began to come naturally.
Seven years later, I'm one of the most well-known dommes on the East Coast. My slaves have given me so much, and so has this career. The lessons I've learned along the way apply to my personal life outside of BDSM. They are universal life lessons– so no whip and 8 inches stilettos needed!
1. We all wear masks, and it's sometimes not a bad thing to put one on! Fake it 'til you make it!
I am not naturally a cruel or sadistic person, but it is sometimes who I need to be to get the job done. Sometimes different circumstances and tasks call for an atypical approach and may require some “outside-the-box” thinking. If you're shy or insecure, project confidence until it comes naturally. Eventually you will feel comfortable in your new-found courage.
2. Body language/ NLP speaks louder than verbal communication.
In the world of BDSM, there are many more ways to instill fear, reverence, and dominance than just shouting and using physical force. I take extra care to make sure that my stance, my gaze, my outfit, and my facial expressions are in line with the fantasy I am creating. Non-verbal communication is just as important, if not more important, than verbal speech. And conflict arises when your body language does not compliment your verbal communication. A person who is self-aware can express their intentions and tell a story without even opening their mouth.
3. Trust your instincts.
In this industry, I get more than a fair share of creeps and weirdos who possibly have ulterior and unsavory motives in trying to see me. I screen my phone calls and appointments with a discriminatory eye, always putting my personal safety before ANYTHING else. I trust my gut because I'd rather be alive and safe, than risk it all for a few hundred dollars. If you sense danger or feel unsettled, believe what your sixth sense is trying to tell you.
4. Never abuse or let yourself be abused.
The term used for engaging in a BDSM scene is “play”. This is because it is a mutually agreed upon give-and-take between two consenting parties to entertain and please one another through set guidlines and rules. BDSM is NOT abuse. It has many checks and balances in place, such as safewords, to protect the submissive. As they say, “it's all fun and games until someone gets hurt”. In the “real world”, always make sure that people around you respect you and your wishes, and more importantly– know your personal worth so that you aren't put in a position to be abused- verbally or physically. Violence is never the answer and it's never ok.
5.True power comes from the mind, not from the body.
BDSM sessions are divided up between the softer “sensual” session, and the sadistic, hardcore “corporal” sessions. In both sessions, the true power of the domme comes from the submissive's need to feel a certain way. Even while being restrained, slapped, and/or tortured, it's the sub's state of mind that makes the whole experience an enjoyable one. Most slaves and subs would not respond well to being humiliated or physically harmed on the street or in the workplace, but during a session, they relish the experience. Psychology of the mind is the most powerful tool of all. The body is simply a vessel by which the mind can execute its ideas, concepts, goals, and thoughts.
6. Keep an open mind!
I am always amazed by the fact that a seemingly vanilla middle-aged man working a high-powered job that holds a lot of accountability, responsibility, and power, can walk into my dungeon and want to kneel at my feet. I commend them on exploring their fetishes and scene interests. So many people are ashamed and embarrassed by their thoughts and desires when instead, they should embrace and explore them! Life can be boring, and there's nothing wrong with spicing up your life. Keeping an open mind to new experiences will not only prevent your life from getting stagnant, but it will also allow you to evolve emotionally, spiritually, and psychologically.
7. Having an occasional escape from reality is healthy.
A common misconception is that my slaves and subs, as well as myself, were somehow affected by childhood trauma– which led us down a depraved path into BDSM. Through this career, I have crossed paths with people from all walks of life, and the good majority of my clients, as well as other dommes I've worked with are average people– and so am I. I had a happy childhood, and I have a wonderful family, who I love very much. BDSM is a healthy escape from reality because it is temporary, and it's based on mutual respect. Many “vanilla” people have vices that are either self-destructive, dangerous to themselves and to others, or psychologically and/or physically unhealthy. BDSM offers an exhilirating and sensual reprieve from the drab and repressed state of the average individual's daily life, and it does so in a controlled and extremely safe environment. There's nothing like the euphoric adrenaline rush I feel after having completed an appointment. Having a safe outlet is essential to finding balance in life.
8. Life a vibrant life!
Subs are very sensual. Most are acutely sensitive to touch, taste, sound, sight, and smell. Opening up your senses in life can lead to a more vivid life experience. The sky may seem a little bit bluer, the sun may shine brighter, and the glass may become half full!
9. Treat people as you want to be treated.
Beneath the leather harness and collar is a human being. When the session is over, they go back to being the person they were. I would never put myself in a position where I would let someone degrade me, and I would never take advantage of my slave's submission. I respect the hard limits of my subs, and although I do like to push the envelope and challenge boundaries, I do not go over them. After the session is over, I treat them with the same respect that I would treat anyone else. This is why I not only develop returning “regulars”, but also make long-lasting friends.
10. Sex isn't Everything.
A popular fallacy believed by “outsiders” is that BDSM is prostitution and that Dominatrices exchange money for sex. The reality is that dommes are not escorts, and “real” dommes do not even show nudity and will reject or abruptly end a session if this behaviour is requested. BDSM is about anything and everything BUT sex. Sex isn't everything, and all you have to do is ask any woman and she will agree! Equal attention should be given to all the lost and forgotten components of Sex: sensuality, sexuality, desire, fantasy, foreplay, and excitement.
-Maitresse Noire
A biotech company plans to announce Tuesday that it has won a patent on a genetically altered bacterium that converts sunlight and carbon dioxide into ingredients of diesel fuel, a step that could provide a new pathway for making ethanol or a diesel replacement that skips several cumbersome and expensive steps in existing methods.
The bacterium's product, which it secretes like sweat, is a class of hydrocarbon molecules called alkanes that are chemically indistinguishable from the ones made in oil refineries. The organism can grow in bodies of water unfit for drinking or on land that is useless for farming, according to the company, Joule Unlimited of Cambridge, Mass.
“We make very clean, sulfur-free hydrocarbons that drop directly into the existing infrastructure for the production of diesel fuel,” said William J. Sims, the chief executive of Joule. The object, he said, was not to be an alternative for fossil fuels, but “to become a viable replacement.”
Joule said it was the first company to patent an organism that secretes hydrocarbon fuel made continuously, directly from sunlight. Other companies, including Amyris Biotechnologies of Emeryville, Calif., and LS9 of San Carlos, Calif., are working on organisms that will make fuel if fed sugar from corn or cellulosic sources, but Joule's bacterium does not require any sugar. Another company, Aurora Algae of Alameda, Calif., said Monday that it had developed an algae-based platform for production of fuel, pharmaceuticals and other valuable chemicals.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Development of a photosynthetic organism to make hydrocarbons is “an important step,” said Eric J. Toone, the deputy director for technology at the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, a new agency within the Energy Department that makes grants for high-risk, high-reward projects. But Mr. Toone and others cautioned that there were other steps to be mastered before such a technology could be commercialized.
This article is over 1 year old
Former Timor-Leste president warns government not to harm relations by pushing to extend borders to control the Greater Sunrise oil field
The former Timor-Leste president José Ramos-Horta has told the Australian government to abandon its “unsubstantiated” legal case to extend its borders into the Timor Sea, as the two countries attempt to negotiate a permanent maritime boundary over lucrative oil fields.
Speaking at a Labor party-hosted event in Sydney, Ramos-Horta called Australia's case that the border should follow the edge of its continental shelf “unsustainable law” that bordered on bad faith.
The two neighbours have tussled over ownership of the oil-rich Timor Gap since Timor-Leste's independence in 2002, including the revelation that Australia bugged the Timor-Leste government's cabinet room in 2004 to gain a competitive advantage.
Timor-Leste drops espionage claims against Australia in maritime border dispute Read more
Ramos-Horta warned the government not to risk recently mended relations by pushing to control the lucrative Greater Sunrise oil field.
“We simply call for a just result,” said the 1996 Nobel laureate. “The law of the sea that binds this compulsory conciliation says we have to negotiate in good faith. It could take us back to square one if Australian negotiators go back to their unsustainable continental shelf argument.”
The Labor infrastructure minister, Anthony Albanese, who invited Ramos-Horta to speak, encouraged productive negotiations between the two countries.
“Good neighbours treat the less powerful in a positive way – we have obligations to the East Timorese to treat them fairly,” he told the Balmain Town Hall, where Ramos-Horta was delivering a lecture in honour of former deputy Labor leader, and Albanese's mentor, Tom Uren.
Ramos-Horta repeatedly dismissed Australia's long-held position on the boundary, saying the border should be drawn equidistant between the two countries.
“The law of the sea is straightforward ... a line through the middle is drawn. This was the law in the 1950s and it is the law today.
“Australia has never denied the claim, put by those less diplomatic than me, that this is a resource grab. But this approximates our sentiments.”
The disputed oil fields are estimated to hold natural gas and liquefied petroleum resources worth $53bn.
Confidential negotiations between the two countries commenced in January in the permanent court of arbitration in the Hague, with a result due in September.
Negotiations began after Timor-Leste decided to terminate an existing treaty that established a 50-year temporary boundary and would have split oil revenue 50-50.
“There is a consensus among scientists that Timor-Leste and Australia are part of the same continental shelf, so if Australia persists with the continental shelf claim, it should claim Timor-Leste. Or vice versa, Timor-Leste should claim the whole of Australia,” said Ramos-Horta to laughs from the audience.
“We will leave Tasmania alone,” he added. “They are very nice people.”
Ramos-Horta also criticised the Australian government's decision in 2002 to secretly withdraw from UN maritime boundary dispute resolutions contained in the UN convention on the law of the sea, so it could escape legally binding arbitration.
Timor-Leste could be 'architect of its own demise', gas treaty inquiry told Read more
“We can get cynical about international law but in reality it has prevented wars occurring,” he said.
“If each country withdrew from international law, then we would be in a lawless world and only the strongest would prevail. It is remarkable that a solid, old democracy like Australia would be the first to give emerging countries the wrong example.
“You had strong doubts about your legal position, and with your brilliant international lawyers, knew your position was not sustainable. So what did you do? Withdraw.”
Also in attendance were the ambassador from Timor-Leste, Abel Guterres, and the federal Labor MP Linda Burney.
Ramos-Horta is the current UN head of integrated peacebuilding in Guinea-Bissau. He served as president of Timor-Leste from 2008 to 2012 and received the Nobel peace prize in 1996 alongside fellow East Timorese peace activist Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo.
The longest running concentrated solar power plant in the US is about to reach its 30th birthday , and the end of its power purchase agreement – but its owners are not about to pack it up and take it home. They are now looking at the next 30 years, and storage is likely to form a major part of the equation.
CSP (also known as solar thermal) is often branded an emerging technology, but the first plants have been around for decades. The 14MW SEGS I and 30MW SEGS II plants near Daggett in the Mojave Desert in California were built in 1985. (SEGS stands for Solar Energy Generating System).
The plants use parabolic trough technology that uses curved mirrors to reflect sunlight onto a receiver containing fluids – in this case oils and synthetic fluids. That creates steam and drives a turbine. Now the owners, Cogentrix, owned by the Carlyle Group, are looking to upgrade the plant and possibly add storage as it seeks a new PPA to cover the next 20 years of operations.
Brad Bergman, the general manager of SEGS I and II, told RenewEconomy during a tour of the plants last week that CSP plants grow old gracefully and can continue to operate almost indefinitely. The initial capital cost has been depreciated, and any upgrades in equipment will be small in comparison.
“Coal and nuclear need to worry about pollution control and safety issues. We are not worried about emissions, and we don't have a fuel cost, but we do need to focus on operations and maintenance costs.”
As part of that focus on O&M, and its attempts to secure an off-take agreement that better reflects the value of the electricity it produces, Bergman is currently testing a range of new trough designs that will improve efficiency, and he is also looking at storage options.
SEGS 1 actually had storage when it began in 1985, using the heat transfer fluid in large tanks. That ended about 12 years later, but the company is now looking at new cheaper and more efficient storage options such as molten salts. The infrastructure to support it is still in place, so it wouldn't require large capital expenditure. SEGS II may also go with storage, although this would require a more expensive redesign of key equipment.
Bergman would not reveal the costs of the SEGS plants, other than to say that the general rule of thump for CSP plants is around 14c/kWh. It was recently reported, and a story republished on this site, that SEGS was receiving as low as 5.7c/kWh. Bergman, however, said that his plants were still on a fixed tariff PPA, and the price quoted simply reflected the wholesale cost in the winter period.
However, Bergman does want utilities to write a PPA that reflects the value of electricity, and time which it is delivered, which is in the daytime peaks. Adding storage, he says, would give it added flexibility – guaranteeing the electricity can be delivered at certain times, and/or extending into the evening.
The SEGS 1 plant is still using many of the mirrors that were installed nearly 30 years ago, although it is likely that these will be replaced in coming years with more efficient, new generation reflectors, which are growing in size with each generation. The SEGs II plant is currently testing a range of different products, including a mirror film. That will reduce breakage, but there is a question about durability.
As it is, Bergman says, the output from the parabolic troughs is quite smooth, “Once you build up heat, you get what we call solar inertia, so even if clouds come over, the effect is only gradual. We don't get spikes like in solar PV plants.”
Daggett, in the heart of the Mojave desert, and right alongside part of Route 66, has one of the best solar resources in the world, at more than 1000 watts/square metre. It is also adjacent to transmission lines and land costs are minimal. The other 7 SEGS plants, which total another 300MW, are located nearby, as is a new plant being installed by Abengoa.
Cassel To Start The Rest Of The Way For Vikings by Adam Carlson
Leslie Frazier has no apparent regrets over drafting Christian Ponder instead of Andy Dalton. Even though Dalton has developed into a far superior NFL quarterback.
Even though, partly thanks to Ponder's failure, Frazier is on his way to being unemployed.
The Dalton vs. Ponder subject came up Wednesday during Frazier's media session – naturally, because the Vikings are playing the Bengals this week – and Frazier was typically Frazier about the whole thing. He refused to throw anyone under the bus. He threw out the company line, logic and reason be damned.
“We targeted Christian and it worked out fine. He was our guy… Andy's done a good job,” Frazier said.
It worked out fine?
Even if you cut Ponder slack for the messed-up situation he was initially forced into – lack of offseason work his rookie year due to lock-out, Donovan McNabb debacle, Bill Musgrave attempting to install a new offense, rebuilding O-line, lack of receiver talent – it's hard to argue that Ponder “worked out fine.” Not without twisting your argument into all sorts of interesting pretzel-like shapes. Or just flat out deluding yourself.
There's just too much stuff with Ponder, too much stuff you can't ignore. The terrible decision making. The lack of downfield accuracy. The non-existent pocket presence. The maddening inability to read defenses either pre-snap or post-snap.
Yes, Dalton had a lot of advantages going into the Bengals situation. A really good line. One really great receiving target in A.J. Green. An offensive coordinator not named Bill Musgrave.
But that's the hell of it. You can't make a determination based on what ifs. You can only look at the evidence there in front of you. The statistical evidence. The video evidence. The cold hard facts.
And the cold hard facts, when you take all of them together and look at them rationally and objectively, is that Christian Ponder has not in any way shape or form worked out fine for the Vikings and Leslie Frazier. Especially not when you stack his career up against Andy Dalton's.
This by the way is not an attempt to second-guess the draft pick. It's easy with hindsight to say the Vikings should have taken Dalton instead of Ponder. But at the time, it wasn't such a clear call to make. Dalton didn't get drafted until the early second, so obviously teams had reservations about him. Not just the Vikings. All the teams.
A case could have been made then for taking Dalton, but an equal or arguably greater case could have been made for taking Ponder. The Vikings took Ponder and it turned out to be wrong. But it wasn't like the world exploded with outrage at the time. It wasn't like draft wonks were screaming their heads off about the Vikings being idiots.
My issue isn't with the draft pick. It happened. It was three years ago. It's not worth rehashing. My issue is with Leslie Frazier uttering the words “it worked out fine.”
No Leslie, no it didn't. And you know that.
Frazier will never say it, but you know he is kicking himself today. He wishes the Vikings had taken Dalton instead of Ponder. Or Kaepernick instead of Ponder. Or Nick Fairley instead of Ponder. Anyone instead of Ponder.
He wishes he had never heard Christian Ponder's name or seen his face. He knows that, had his quarterback been just a little bit better than Christian Ponder, he would not be fighting for his job right now. He would not be going into Christmas wondering about his future.
Hey, you know what? Mistakes happen. Bad draft picks are made. Players you think are good to don't work out. Every team goes through it. But some teams handle the problems better than others, both internally and externally. Not all teams take a mess and make it into a catastrophe. Not all teams attempt to weasel their way through the self-created morass via ridiculous PR double-speak.
No, I don't expect Leslie Frazier to slam Christian Ponder. I don't expect him to tell the total truth about what he feels. But “it worked out fine?” That is so weak. Not because it's a lie, but because it's a sad, furtive, weaselly cop-out lie. It's just so Frazier. So handed-down-from-the-front-office and lazy and eye-rolling.
Lie to me, because you're going to lie to me. Just don't lie to me like that. Put some effort into it. Show some spunk. Don't shuffle off like a sad broken downcast loser.
Poor Leslie Frazier. Poor poor dope. He's going to go out like he came in, stammering and clueless. Loyal to the last. Regurgitating Rick Spelman's talking points like an overwhelmed spokesman. Baghdad Leslie. It worked out fine.
Sure Les. Sure it did.
Like The Viking Age on Facebook.
Follow TVA on Twitter.
Subsribe to the Fansided Daily Newsletter. Sports news all up in your inbox.
Republican Sen. Ron Johnson stepped up his opposition to the Clean Power Plan earlier this week, voting in favor of a resolution that aims to block President Barack Obama's emissions-cutting plan.
The Environmental Protection Agency rule that was first announced in August aims to reduce power plant emissions that contribute to climate change. Johnson has been a staunch opponent of the plan, and has argued that it's an executive overreach.
The resolution Johnson helped approve Tuesday would "disapprove" the rule, which outlines standards for existing power plants. The Senate also passed another resolution that would block another EPA rule for new or modified plants.
Citizen groups have been writing more letters to Johnson and other critics of the Clean Power Plan. Sister Janet Weyker of the Eco-Justice Center in Racine works near the Energies coal-fired plant in Oak Creek. Weyker said the utility helped the center pay for its solar and wind power systems, but that the company nevertheless needs to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions.
"They've helped us, and yet the problem bigger than that. We don't need just a Band-Aid on our problem," said Weyker. "We need a long-term solution."
Weyker said she's disappointed in Johnson's vote on the Senate resolution.
Meanwhile, Climate Central — a group of scientists and journalists — has given Wisconsin a "B-minus" on an assessment of states' preparedness for climate-change related risks.
MINNEAPOLIS - A St. Paul man is accused of illegally selling firearms, including some that were used in area crimes.
Eitan Benjamin Feldman faces one count of willfully dealing firearms without a license and nine counts of lying during a firearm purchase.
An indictment unsealed Thursday says that between January 2014 and January 2016, the 28-year-old Feldman regularly bought and resold guns for profit. Last October, ATF agents warned him his behavior fit the definition of a firearms dealer and he was told to stop. The indictment says he sold guns to undercover ATF agents on two occasions, and didn't ask either for identification or determine whether they could legally own a gun.
“There is far too much gun violence in the Twin Cities,” said U.S. Attorney Andrew Luger. “Violent crimes involving guns are often committed by people who cannot legally obtain a firearm, but they find a way. According to today's indictment, Eitan Feldman was one of those ways. This defendant engaged in the business of dealing guns without a license. He didn't conduct background checks on the people to whom he sold the guns, and at least three of the guns were connected to Twin Cities crime scenes."
Prosecutors say Feldman routinely purchased firearms offered by out-of-state Federal Firearms Licensees (FFLs) through websites such as gunbroker.com, an online firearms auction site. He would sell them for a profit on sites like armslist.com for more than he paid for them. Those guns have been linked to crimes in Minneapolis, Bloomington, and St. Paul.
Feldman is expected to appear in federal court Thursday. It wasn't immediately clear if he had an attorney to comment on his behalf.
The Mountain Goats are one of my favorite bands despite the difficulty I have had recruiting fans, and their “lack” of commercial success. The nasal timbre of John Darnielle's vocals coupled with the general lack of mainstream pop appeal make The Mountain Goats a difficult sale, even though there is phenomenal songwriting talent to be discovered once you dig a little deeper.
Having never significantly charted over the span of 16 studio albums, The Mountain Goats are not what the public would conventionally consider a “successful” group; though I would challenge that convention. Before the internet allowed for gross distribution of information, we were led to believe that success in music meant that you started as a nobody, played one show, got discovered, then BAM. You're famous.
In the years since we've come to learn that this simply isn't true in most cases. Many entertainers slug away for decades, slowly building a modest but loyal fanbase of people who enjoy what they create and put in deliberate effort to seek them out. It's how bloggers do it, it's how YouTubers do it, and it's how The Mountain Goats did it.
Of their vast catalog, The Sunset Tree is easily my favourite. All Eternals Deck comes in at a close second, getting reviewed first simply because I located it first on vinyl. The Sunset Tree comes the closest to achieving the pop appeal I described as lacking above, while not sacrificing the songwriting and strange artistic choices that are characteristic of the group. Like most bands that anyone loves, the album came into my life at a time when I was optimally primed to hear it, and it has stuck ever since.
The vinyl edition of this record is par for the course of any group at this level of success and hipster appeal. A 180g record held in a single printed sleeve held in a single jacket, allowing for four faces of artwork. The art is simple but tasteful, with one face of the sleeve left largely blank save for some finely printed credits. In some ways I'm tempted to argue the art lacks cohesion, but the cover and backfill the role well, so I'm not too upset with the product.
The art on the record disc itself is elegant and aligns well with the cover, and the sound quality gets an A+. The Mountain Goats are a band to be enjoyed for their subtle choices in instrumentation, and lends itself perfectly to the vinyl medium.
Albums that I am very familiar with are always easy to review; the difficulty arises in refraining from babbling on and on. This is an album deserving of a sub-header for every song, but neither you nor I have time for that. For this reason I'll boil it down to my two favourites, with a strong recommendation that you research the band further.
This Year
I discovered this song somewhere in 2011/2012 right as I was approaching the end of my undergraduate degree, and this was the song that sucked me in. I had by no means coasted through my courses leading up to this point, and the lyrics to the song's hook became my anthem as I approached the last batch of final exams:
I am gonna make it, through this year
If it kills me
The song starts with piano over metronome and peppers in instruments until we've reached a level of acoustic rock. The lyrics swing back and forth between emotional imagery and stories of a girl sharing in his pain. Images of driving a stick shift quickly away from home, or drunkenly bloodying his knuckles on a video game console not only date the song, but set the emotional tone without explicitly stating it.
The tone shifts from bearable to dark when he returns home, leaving the consequences somewhat open to the imagination. I'm sure there's a million ways to interpret the song, but to me it paints a picture of a troubled home life, reckless temporary escape, and one girl in his life who can understand and relate. It's hard to believe that there are many listeners who can't relate to that story arc.
Dance Music
This is a great example of what I mean when I describe The Mountain Goats as making some strange musical choices. The tone of this song is extraordinarily chipper and lighthearted – borderline stupid – to the point where I may have dismissed the song had I stopped at a cursory glance.
But look at little closer and you'll see the major scale tones are juxtaposed against some pretty dark subject matter; an observation that at first almost comes off as confusing. None of the choices seem to make any sense until the first verse is over, and we enter the chorus:
I'm in the living room watching the Watergate hearings
While my stepfather yells at my mother
Launches a glass across the room, straight at her head
And I dash upstairs to take cover
Lean in close to my little record player on the floor
So this is what the volume knob's for
I listen to dance music
Dance music
The line “So this is what the volume knob's for” makes the hairs on my arm stand up. Very rarely do I listen to this album without rewinding over that line a few times. It's so heartbreakingly relatable. Of course the music is chipper and lighthearted and fun in the presence of darkness. It's the escape. It's what the volume knob's for.
I've said it before, I've said it here, and I'm sure I'll say it again before the end of this blog's days: The Mountain Goats produce some of the best songwriting I know, and are widely under-appreciated for their ability to do so. I say this with an awareness that I have a soft spot for indie music that others may not enjoy, but if you get a good impression from This Year, then I would implore you keep going and dig a little deeper.
For me, this record was mandatory for my shelf, and I was psyched when I found a copy. It didn't disappoint, it has received many spins, and I would recommend it to any budding Mountain Goats fan. Buy it here (or here for Canada).
So that's another one down with more to come. I hope you've enjoyed the read and keep coming back! I love hearing from readers (happy or otherwise) and I definitely accept recommendations. Learning about music is kind of the point of this whole exercise after all.
Next up I'll jump over to some punk rock of my youth with Bad Religion's “The Empire Strikes First”. I hope to see you back for that one, and until then remember:
I'm Not Your Dad.
This stunning image was observed by the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope. (NASA, ESA, Hubble Heritage Team)
The Hubble Space Telescope was launched into orbit on April 24, 1990 – nearly 26 years ago. Ever since, it has been supplying scientists with gorgeous images of the cosmos. The image above, which shows a star "blowing a bubble," is NASA's choice to commemorate the telescope's latest birthday.
[Stunning new picture of the Pillars of Creation]
The Bubble Nebula (NGC 7635) lies 7,100 light-years away in the constellation Cassiopeia. It's a staggering seven light-years across, formed by a star 20 times as massive as our sun — that bright purple dot just left of center. Previous Hubble images have captured only pieces of the brilliant, ever-growing gas orb, but this latest shot stitches together multiple frames to show the nebula in its entirety.
NGC 7635 is an emission nebula. The bright star at its not-quite-center throws off hot gases, known as stellar wind, that move at 4 million mph. When these hot gases slam into the cold gas and dust of interstellar space, they form an intriguingly symmetrical bubble. The star's intense ultraviolet radiation causes the gases to glow, with different elements heating to different temperatures to form distinct colors: Oxygen is hot enough to burn blue, while hydrogen and nitrogen form a cooler yellow light.
More than a quarter-century into its tenure, the Hubble is still going strong. But its successor will hit the scene soon. The James Webb Telescope, which is set to launch in 2018, will be able to look much deeper into space — and, therefore, earlier into cosmic history — than the Hubble can.
Read More:
This is what it looks like when a black hole tears a star apart
With 46 billion pixels, this is the largest ever image of space
The Hubble Space Telescope just spotted a gang of ‘monster' stars
These retro postcards show where the Hubble has taken us in 25 years
As Electoral College voting for the president is underway, electors tried to dodge the party line. A Minnesota elector was replaced, four Washington State voters chose other candidates than Clinton, and a Maine elector cast for Senator Bernie Sanders.
"I cast my vote for Bernie Sanders not out of spite, or malice, or anger, or as an act of civil disobedience. I mean no disrespect to our nominee," David Bright, a Maine Democratic elector, wrote in a statement posted on Facebook prior to casting his vote for Sanders during the Electoral College vote on Monday.
"I cast my vote to represent thousands of Democratic Maine voters — many less than a third my age — who came into Maine politics for the first time this year because of Bernie Sanders," he added.
Bright's vote was ruled out of order by the Electoral College president, and he recast it for Clinton.
Revote: 3 Clinton , 1 Trump vote pic.twitter.com/GbBLHAt0tx — MaineSOS (@MESecOfState) December 19, 2016
Bright would have cast his vote for Clinton if it could have helped the Democratic nominee win the White House, he said, adding that he saw “no likelihood of 38 Republican electors defecting from their party and casting their ballots for Secretary Clinton.”
In Maine, Clinton was expected to get three of the state's four electoral votes, with the other one going to Trump, who won the state's 2nd Congressional District.
#ElectoralCollege protests underway but all pledged votes to #Trump have been cast accordingly thus far https://t.co/CMAGXaTlzHpic.twitter.com/55u70igfM2 — RT America (@RT_America) December 19, 2016
Overall, 538 electors are gathering in statehouses nationwide to vote for president. There is no federal law that requires electors to vote according to the results in their states. However, 29 states prohibit “faithless” voting.
Currently, 306 electors are pledged to Republican Donald Trump, and 232 are pledged to Clinton, the Democratic presidential candidate.
#POTUS-picking: Electoral College under intense focus in controversial election year https://t.co/OKa5RJY215pic.twitter.com/BmGhwZywXr — RT America (@RT_America) December 19, 2016
In Minnesota, Muhammad Abdurrahman was declared a “faithless” elector.
The content of his vote was not discussed, and an alternate was substituted. Abdurrahman, however, was a Sanders delegate to the Democratic National Committee.
The faithless elector in MN. His ballot declared invalid. An alternate elector is appointed. pic.twitter.com/SivTu31E6G — Brian Bakst (@Stowydad) December 19, 2016
Later Abdurrahman told reporters he voted for Sanders and Representative Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii).
In Texas, 36 out of 38 electors voted for Trump, with Ohio Governor John Kasich and former Texas Congressman Ron Paul each garnering one from two "faithless" electors.
Texas 36 for Trump, 1 for Ron Paul, 1 for John Kasich — Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) December 19, 2016
A Texas elections official said four of the state's presidential electiors will be replaced.
The Texas Secretary of State spokeswoman Alicia Pierce told the AP three electors were disqualified for having federal government jobs. The fourth elector resigned after expressing concern about Trump's presidential qualifications.
There are 38 presidential electors in the state.
In Washington State, four of the state's 12 electors refused to vote for presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Three of the state's 12 electors voted instead for former Secretary of State Colin Powell, and one voted for Faith Spotted Eagle, a Sioux tribe elder who has led protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota.
Clinton was allotted all 12 of the state's electoral votes on Election Day, when she beat Donald Trump with 54 percent of the vote.
For vice president, Clinton's running mate Virginia Senator Tim Kaine received eight votes, and Senator Elizabeth Warren (Massachusetts), Senator Maria Cantwell (Washington) and environmentalist Winona LaDuke each received one vote.
One other Democrat in the state of Colorado tried to cast their vote for someone other than Clinton but were barred due to state laws and replaced.
FILE PHOTO: Northern League party leader Matteo Salvini (C) poses with the Lion of Saint Mark flag, with politicians Luca Zaia (L) and Roberto Maroni, during a rally downtown Rome, February 28, 2015. REUTERS/Max Rossi/File Photo Reuters
By Gavin Jones
ROME (Reuters) - Italy's wealthy northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto, controlled by the right-wing Northern League, will hold referendums in October to try to obtain greater autonomy from the central government, Lombardy's president said on Thursday.
The result of the ballots will not be binding but a victory could strengthen the League and raise the profile of the popular governor of Veneto, Luca Zaia, widely seen as a potential leader of Italy's center-right.
"The referendums will be in October," Lombardy President Roberto Maroni told reporters in Milan, saying the date would be announced later this week.
Italy's Constitutional Court threw out Zaia's original plan to ask voters if they wanted Veneto to secede from Italy or keep control of 80 percent of tax revenue collected in the region.
Instead the question on the ballot paper will be: "Do you want Veneto to be given further forms and particular conditions of autonomy?" The question for Lombardy has not yet been set.
Tax remains the key issue. Lombardy, around Milan, is Italy's commercial hub and accounts for roughly a fifth of the country's gross domestic product, while Veneto produces just under 10 percent of the national GDP.
Many inhabitants resent seeing a large part of their taxes used to help finance services in poorer southern regions.
The League hopes a big victory for "yes" on a high turnout will give it greater bargaining power in negotiations on fiscal policy with the government of Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
It also hopes the campaign will boost its support ahead of a parliamentary election due in early 2018.
The party, which campaigns on an anti-euro, anti-immigrant platform, has the backing of 12 percent of voters, opinion polls show, making it Italy's third or fourth biggest party and the joint largest in the fragmented centre-right.
Its leader Matteo Salvini officially backs the referendums even though they may not help his efforts to expand the party's appeal outside its northern heartland. So far, his drive to turn the League into a more national party, with frequent visits to southern cities, appear to have had little success.
The main beneficiary of the regional votes may be Zaia, who has won plaudits as head of Veneto since 2010 and is seen as a potential threat to Salvini as leader of the League and of Italy's centre-right as a whole.
Zaia, a former agriculture minister, has a more moderate, pragmatic image than Salvini and is more popular among supporters of former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia, the other main party in the centre-right bloc.
"The referendum is an ideal springboard for Zaia," said Francesco Galietti, head of political risk consultancy Policy Sonar. "He may go for Salvini's jugular if he can bring thousands of people to the polls and pull off a big success."
(Editing by Crispian Balmer and Janet Lawrence)
Mini's wonky-doored Clubman is soon to be replaced by a less wonky-doored successor. And… well, it probably won't look very much like this. Sorry.
This is Mini's Clubman Vision Gran Turismo concept, a design study cooked up in answer to Kazunori Yamauchi's GT6 klaxon call, and one that demonstrates how the next-gen Clubman might look in a parallel racing universe.
It's quite a thing, shamelessly melding Mini's traditional rally cues to a bodyshape with more than a hint of VW's Golf W12 concept from back in 2007, and blasting the resulting concoction 20 years into the future.
As you know, we at TG are suckers for a fast estate, and we reckon the Clubman - in profile at least - looks rather tidy. From what we can see, it's a four-door - one on either side, and two at the rear in the Clubman's traditional ‘barn door' arrangement.
Which is your favourite Vision GT car?
Under that bodywork is an unspecified powertrain sending no fewer than 395 horsepowers to all four wheels through a sequential six-speed transmission, allowing the Clubman concept to hit a conceptual 62mph in a conceptual 3.5 seconds.
Whether that conceptual powertrain is petrol, diesel, electric, hydrogen or some combination thereof remains unclear. It is quite possible that even Mini itself isn't quite certain yet.
We're told the Clubman concept is built from plenty of conceptual carbon, with conceptual 22-inch wheels framing a conceptually wider track. There are many conceptual spoilers and air vents, and a conceptual top speed of 180mph.
The Clubman GT is available for download from today as part of the latest GT6 update. Where does it rank on the fine list of Vision concepts?
Along with the 20th anniversary reissue of Ride's debut LP, Nowhere, comes a thick booklet of old photos, liner notes, and a Jim DeRogatis-penned look back on the Oxford shoegazers' near-perfect debut. Flip to page 20 and you'll find a gem: a grainy shot of the foursome sitting on a bed, shoulder-to-shoulder, each with their own reading material. Vocalist/guitarist Mark Gardener is at one end, nose-deep in a copy of the cornball self-help novella Jonathan Livingston Seagull. His bandmate, songwriting foil, and eventual nemesis Andy Bell is left of center, peeking out from behind an issue of Bunty, an old British comic written for teenage girls. Bassist Steve Queralt is engrossed in now-defunct UK pop rag Number One, while drummer Loz Colbert seems rapt by the Christopher Isherwood novel perched at his thumbs. With the exception of Gardener's book, a likely reference to Nowhere opener "Seagull", it's all very English. But at the same time, there's magic more universal to unpack from this one image. The four of them look like brothers. They look like ordinary, wise-ass kids you knew or know. They look like a band.
If I asked you about My Bloody Valentine, the other most seminal shoegaze band, chances are you'd think immediately of Kevin Shields and the countless places you've heard his singular guitar vision unfurl. But while Ride are often mentioned in tandem with MBV, their footprint owes more to their songwork than their sonics, and more to the way all four members clashed and combined. They weren't visionaries or titans; they were young writers with a taste for high volumes. And they didn't situate their melodies amongst tides of effects-pedal-induced mayhem, either; they did it the other way around. Howls were there to support hooks, and the psychedelic interplay between Gardener and Bell's two guitars was far more pivotal to their mission than drapes of all-enveloping noise. But that said, Nowhere, their seismic debut full-length, found them playing with elements of the shoegaze sound as much as they ever would. While it's one of the genre's enduring moments, it's Right's for another reason: This family of songs is their most focused.
The remastering on this edition makes that all the more clear. It starts with a sharpening. Nowhere was never an especially warm listen, and felt a little flat at times if it wasn't played dangerously loud. The new shine seems so necessary once you hear it. Each jangle and contour has been shored up and made more distinct, resulting in a richer listen. The first whinnies of "Seagull" sound even more serrated than before, and the elliptical guitar figure at its core is less muddy. Gardener and Bell's dual vocals on "Polar Bear" are now as streamlined as that song's livelier coda. And those are just two spots where you can hear again what a great all-around fit they were in the beginning. Not a note feels errant or alone, and Queralt and Colbert sound inseparable, capable of pummeling through squall and enhancing fragile passages with ease. Colbert comes on strong enough to dole out compound fractures, especially during "Dreams Burn Down" and "Vapour Trail." The latter remains immense, standing tall as the most gripping four-and-half-minutes of their career. Twenty years later, it's exciting to realize there's a lot more to be relished in between all its chimes.
Such is the case for much of the first disc. When Nowhere first arrived in late 1990, Ride had already released three outstanding EPs (Ride, Play, and Fall) that year alone. The original North American release added three bonus tracks from Fall, which are joined here by three additional tracks from the album sessions: the workman-like trio of "Unfamiliar", "Beneath", and "Sennen". The new edition also includes "Today", a beautiful, acoustic-based torch song that plumes for miles and miles. Count it up and that's 23 songs of fantastic quality, all culled from an opening stretch so fertile, the band would have a much easier time crafting early setlists than they ever would replicate that initial spark.
Though the booklet is nice and the remastering essential, what makes this anniversary package most intriguing is its second disc: a live set from a Los Angeles show at the Roxy in Spring of 1991. Ride didn't come close to making a splash in the States like they did at home, but on this night, if audience noise is any indicator, their reception was electric. Through headphones, it's hard to believe anyone on stage spent a moment gazing at their shoes, as the legend goes. Rifling through just half of their catalog at the time, they sound like wild elephants throwing their weight around. It's a terrific, thunderous recording and you can quickly get a clear sense for why their live show garnered as much excitement as it did then.
At the same time, the nature of what they were trying to accomplish as a band really comes through in full. The more abrasive tones of MBV and Sonic Youth were clearly an influence as they first started to write and record, but it's the from-the-gut pop screech of Dinosaur Jr. that sounds like their closest kin here. Ride's music wasn't necessarily game-changing but the songs are the kind that last. When they close with "Drive Blind", a cut from their self-titled debut EP, they abandon the song's course just two minutes in to catch a massive swell of guitar. It grows and grows and it grows some more, and then, sure enough, the volume dips, and they circle right back to where they started: a melody. They were really good at that.
Prince William has written the letter in his role as president of the FA
Prince William has written to Fifa demanding it lifts the ban on England shirts being embroidered with poppies.
Fifa decrees that shirts should not carry political, religious or commercial messages.
But the Duke of Cambridge is "dismayed" by Fifa's stance in this case for Saturday's match against Spain.
Clarence House said: "The Duke's strong view is the poppy is a universal symbol of remembrance, which has no political, religious or commercial connotations."
Media playback is not supported on this device Poppy rules need to change - Davies
In the letter Prince William, the president of the FA, demands Fifa makes "an exception in this special circumstance". The full contents of letter are being kept private.
Earlier on Wednesday, Prime Minister David Cameron said he would write to Fifa asking it to lift the ban ahead of England's game with the world champions.
On Tuesday, football's governing body rejected a second Football Association (FA) request to overturn the ban.
"It seems outrageous," said Mr Cameron. "I hope Fifa will reconsider."
As an alternative, the FA said England players will wear black armbands during the game and lay a wreath on the pitch during the national anthems.
Mr Cameron added: "The idea that wearing a poppy to remember those who have given their lives for our freedom is a political act is absurd.
"Wearing a poppy is an act of huge respect and national pride."
"Such initiatives would open the door to similar initiatives from all over the world, jeopardising the neutrality of football," it said.
Fifa has allowed a period of silence to be held prior to the game against Spain, which takes place the day before Remembrance Sunday.
During Prime Minister's Questions in the House of Commons, Mr Cameron said a clear message needed to be sent to Fifa from the government.
Asked about the matter, he replied: "I think [the questioner] not only speaks for the whole House, but in fact the whole country, [in] being completely baffled and frankly angry [at] the decision made by Fifa.
Media playback is not supported on this device Former referee Jeff Winter on BBC Radio 5 live
"If teams want to be able to put the poppy on their shirt, as many teams in our football league do, they should be able to at the national level, whether it is the English team or whether it is the Welsh team.
"I think this is an appalling decision and I hope they'll reconsider it."
England will wear poppies on their training kit and will stand for a two-minute silence during practice on Friday. The players will also wear poppy-embossed jackets during the national anthems on Saturday.
The Royal British Legion has backed the FA's efforts to mark Remembrance Sunday.
"There are other ways to honour the poppy than by wearing it on a shirt," said its director general Chris Simpkins.
"We are satisfied that England will enter the competition knowing they have shown proper respect for our Armed Forces."
Wales, who play Norway in Cardiff on Saturday, are set to wear a poppy on their training shirts for the warm-up and tracksuits for the national anthem, with the words "Cymru'n Cofio" ("Wales remembers") underneath the poppy.
The Football Association of Wales supported the FA's request to Fifa for permission to wear a poppy on their kit.
Scotland, who face Cyprus in a friendly on Friday, will also wear poppy-emblazoned training tops.
DID YOU KNOW? No poppies were worn when England played Brazil on 14 November 2009
England Under-21 manager Stuart Pearce insisted that Fifa's ruling would not detract from the England squad's observance of the occasion.
"Whether I understand it or not, you ask the question, they give a decision and you get on with it. That is the nature of it. But whether or not you have anything emblazoned on your shirt, it is what is in your heart that matters," said Pearce.
"We would have liked to have done it as an organisation and a country, but the powers that be said they don't want us to.
"That is the end of it, but it will not diminish what is in my heart and the respect for those who have given their lives for this country."
Former England captain Alan Shearer condemned the decision.
"I think it's terrible, I really do. I think they should let it go ahead and I don't understand their decision at all," he said.
"Everybody seems to agree it is wrong but I don't think Fifa will change their mind.
"I don't think relationships between the FA and Fifa are great so I'd be surprised if they were to change their minds now, but I just think it is a terrible decision."
Former FA chief executive David Davies told BBC Radio 5 live that the policy was necessary but needed tweaking.
"Around the world, if you didn't have this rule, people would use it for political or religious or for personal slogans," he said.
The British public feel very strongly about this issue - it is not religious or political in any way Hugh Robertson Minister for Sport and the Olympics
"One of the first countries screaming out in protest would be our home nations. [But] things have changed. People do respect it [the poppy].
"After the game the FA must campaign, perhaps with the Germans, against this far too draconian and ill-thought-through policy."
On Tuesday, Sports Minister Hugh Robertson wrote to Fifa seeking permission for the England and Wales teams to wear poppies.
He commented: "Wearing a poppy is a display of national pride, just like wearing your country's football shirt.
"The British public feel very strongly about this issue - it is not religious or political in any way."
British Fifa vice-president Jim Boyce added: "I think there has to be a bit of common sense used when requests like this come in.
England team should wear poppies on Saturday. It's the nation's tradition and it would be disrespectful not to Jack Wilshere
"Armistice Day is a very important day in the FA calendar, as it is with other associations, and I don't think it would offend anybody to have a poppy on the shirts."
Injured England midfielder Jack Wilshere tweeted: "My great-grandad fought for this country in WW2 and I'm sure a lot of people's grandparents did.
"England team should wear poppies on Saturday. It's the nation's tradition and it would be disrespectful not to."
England did not wear poppies for games close to Remembrance Day against Argentina on 12 November, 2005 and Sweden on 10 November, 2001.
But an FA spokesman said "a greater focus has been given to the level of support and respect shown by the national teams" over the past five years.
He said: "Since 2005, our clubs have all begun to wear poppies on their match shirts in domestic games for the early part of November as a mark of respect for those who lost their lives serving their country.
"The FA and England team have built very strong relationships with Tickets4Troops, Help for Heroes and the Royal British Legion over the past five years.
"As part of this growing commitment, we wanted to show our respect and support this weekend by wearing the poppy and our players are very passionate and vocal about this."
On Wednesday, Fifa confirmed to the BBC that two protestors from the English Defence League were on the roof of their headquarters in Zurich to protest Fifa's refusal to lift the ban.
England and Wales' rugby league players will be wearing poppies this weekend, along with the other two teams - Australia and New Zealand - involved in the Four Nations.
Bernie Sanders picked up the support of Democratic National Committeewoman Pat Cotham, a North Carolina superdelegate. | AP Photo North Carolina superdelegate endorses Sanders
The Associated Press may have declared Hillary Clinton the Democratic nominee, but Bernie Sanders is still picking up superdelegates.
Democratic National Committeewoman Pat Cotham, a North Carolina superdelegate, said Monday evening she would support Sanders. The endorsement came on the eve of contests in California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota and South Dakota.
"Yeah," said Cotham, "it's been coming on me the last few weeks really."
Cotham's backing came less than an hour before the AP reported that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had passed the 2,383 delegate thresholds needed to clinch the Democratic nomination.
Cotham, a Mecklenburg County commissioner, said she decided to back Sanders in recent weeks because she believed he would be a better opponent against Donald Trump in the general election.
"He can beat Trump and we cannot have Donald Trump," Cotham said in an interview. "The polls show that [Bernie] has a better chance of beating him than Secretary Clinton does. That's just how I came to it."
In July 2015 Hans Goff, then the Clinton campaign's southern region political director, emailed Cotham about getting her support as a superdelegate. Goff relayed a pledge form to Cotham to sign. A week later, she emailed back saying she did not want to sign the pledge.
"Hans, I am not comfortable signing this so early," she wrote on July 21.
But Cotham said she planned to support the Democratic nominee, even if in the end it's not Sanders.
"I will support the nominee of the Dems," Cotham said, adding that she still supported Sanders even after the AP called the primary for Clinton.
Superdelegate pledges are not unique to the Clinton campaign or to this campaign cycle. Bob Mulholland, a California superdelegate supporting Clinton in 2016 as he did in 2008, remembers calling around to other superdelegates to encourage them to sign the pledge in 2008.
"You have to have a record, you can't just have an email that someone can't find," Mulholland said. "It was the way to find the serious people. The serious people who seriously committed would sign it right away and get it back and turn it into the campaign."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MADISON, Ala. (WHNT) - Community leaders made a major announcement Tuesday about the future of a new exit along I-565 in Madison. The interchange will be located between the existing Wall Triana Boulevard exit and Zierdt Road.
Construction can now move forward, because the City of Madison passed the final hurdle, an environmental assessment study done by the state of Alabama. “It just makes it easier to stop or get off in the city and then make their commute easier, also give them places to shop on the way home or to work," said Madison Mayor-Elect Paul Finley.
The benefit to Redstone Arsenal commuters may have the biggest impact. “Gate 7 has about 7% of the entire traffic going into Redstone Arsenal every day. Some 41-42,000 people come every day and of course Gate 9 has got 48% of that traffic," said Madison County Commission Chairman Dale Strong.
Redstone Arsenal employs people from 12 north Alabama counties and two from southeast Tennessee, so drivers are coming from all areas. The hope is commuters coming from the west on I-565, will be able to take Zierdt Road and unclog some Gate 9's back-ups. “It'll open up Gate 7. If you're tried to get to Redstone Arsenal any time between 7 to 8, 8:30, you know the significance another entrance of quality will mean," said Mayor-Elect Finley.
Now that the environmental assessment is complete, bids will go out to contractors for the project. Chairman Strong anticipates you'll see construction equipment out there by January 2017 and it will be ready for commuters by Summer 2018. “We're perfectly positioned not only today, but the days ahead and this right here is just another piece of a great puzzle," said Chairman Strong.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Town Madison development ready to move forward
The soybean field near the interstate has become a "Field of Dreams" type project for the City of Madison. “We have lots of road access now and the interstate exchange just puts the cherry on top," said Louis Breland, the project's developer.
Community leaders have envisioned some big project along I-565 for nearly a decade. With the interstate exit forthcoming, the puzzle pieces are starting to fall in place. “This final step allows us in selling this property, the last asset that's needed to close these deals for a lot of these retailers," said Mayor-Elect Finley.
The developer was coy about which specific tenants might be coming. “Right now we are in negotiations, like I said, with some of the top retailers in the nation," said Breland.
He does say big announcements could be coming soon and construction equipment could be on site even sooner. “The residential portion will begin construction in the next 60-90 days and then we hope by January we have two to three larger tenants. We're on the very cusp of signing contracts with that we should be able to announce," said Breland.
The entire footprint of Town Madison is massive; 500 acres that would house a million square feet of office and entertainment space, plus 3,000 residential units.
City and county leaders are anticipating nearly 2 million in new sales tax revenue. “The sales tax will create dollars for three public school systems and what I'm wanting to do is to allow people a better opportunity to spend their dollars here locally rather than maybe traveling to Atlanta, Nashville, or Birmingham," said Chairman Strong.
Construction on the residential phase of Town Madison is expected to start in the next 60-90 days. Breland Companies hopes to be able to begin work on the first anchor retailers by January 2017.
The Liberal government is ready to move forward with several reforms to the rules of the House of Commons, with proposed changes covering prorogation and omnibus legislation. But it's still unclear whether they will have any opposition support.
The changes won't include new rules to codify a prime minister's question period, but the Liberals are committing to continue the recent practice of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau taking all questions each Wednesday.
The Liberals backed away from other proposals in April, after the government's release of a discussion paper on reform prompted opposition outrage.
When the Liberals refused to agree that they would only proceed with the consensus of all parties, Conservatives and New Democrats filibustered a Liberal MP's attempt to have the government's proposals studied by a House of Commons committee.
The motion to implement the changes will be put forward after several days of discussions between the Liberals, Conservatives and New Democrats, but at least the NDP is nonetheless poised to vote against it.
The Conservatives had been threatening to trigger more than 200 votes to tie up the House of Commons unless the Liberals compromised.
The new Liberal motion could be debated by MPs next week.
Omnibus and prorogation changes
Under the changes proposed by the Liberals, a minister would be required to table an explanation after every use of prorogation to explain why the government prorogued Parliament. That explanation would then be referred to a House committee.
For omnibus legislation, the Speaker would also be empowered to allow for separate votes and studies for bills "where there is not a common element connecting the various provisions or where unrelated matters are linked." Budget bills that implement measures outlined in the federal budget would still be permitted.
In addition to prorogation and omnibus bills — two issues that became points of controversy in recent years — the Liberal motion would change the date on which the government's financial requests are tabled in Parliament and establish that parliamentary secretaries can be non-voting members of House committees.
The possibility of putting a weekly prime minister's question period in writing had raised concerns that a prime minister might use that as an excuse to only appear at one session of question period each week, though the Liberals said that was not Trudeau's intent.
"The prime minister's question period is here to stay under this government," said Mark Kennedy, director of communications for government House leader Bardish Chagger. "And just as it became the convention — not something in the standing orders — in the United Kingdom, we are confident it will become the convention here."
NDP and Conservatives unimpressed
The New Democrats say they won't support the motion.
"This is a hasty retreat by the Liberals on what has been a complete failure," NDP House leader Murray Rankin said in a statement.
"It's clear now that they never needed to force through changes to how Parliament works. It's transparent that the priority of the Liberals was not to improve democracy but instead to help themselves."
Rankin argues that the Liberal changes will "reinforce" the use of omnibus bills and reduce the independence of House committees.
While saying it was "disappointing" that the government had not been more collaborative in pursuing reform, Conservative deputy House leader Chris Warkentin said Conservative MPs would "take a look" at the proposals and "make a determination if, in fact, we can live with what they've come up with."
Getty Images
A.J. Hawk wasn't an ex-Packer for long. Cut Wednesday by the team, it looks like Hawk is already back in the fold.
Lance Allen of NBC 4 in Milwaukee reports that Hawk is scheduled to fly back to Green Bay on Thursday to sign a new five-year deal. We haven't heard confirmation of the report elsewhere yet, but the news isn't a huge surprise.
We passed along an item Wednesday evening saying that the Packers and Hawk would continue talking in hopes of reaching a deal before the clock struck midnight on the current collective bargaining agreement.
With Hawk back in the fold, the question now becomes whether Nick Barnett will return to the Packers. (We're guessing . . . no.) Barnett is due over $6 million in 2011, and coach Mike McCarthy already indicated Desmond Bishop would be a starter next year. Hawk, Bishop, and Barnett all play inside linebacker.
Bishop and Hawk would both by signed through 2014 if Allen's report is correct.
ASUS didn't talk about its second Android Wear device, the ZenWatch 2, on-stage at its pre-Computex press conference today, but we were able to spend some quality time with the watch in Taipei today. In essence, it's a refinement of the design of the company's first Android smartwatch — not a drastic departure from the previous generation, but good enough to stand out in a sea of circular Android timepieces.
It's easy to see where ASUS is coming from with the ZenWatch 2's design. It's clearly based on the rounded rectangular design of the original, and it looks and feels like it belongs to that same device family. It's difficult to quantify exactly how "premium" it feels compared to the competition in such a short space of time, but it's still relatively thin and lightweight, though with somewhat hefty bezels compared to some rivals. ASUS becomes the first Android Wear manufacturer to offer a choice of sizes. We're talking about the ZenWatch 2 as a singular device, but there are actually two versions — one full-sized ZenWatch 2 taking 22mm watch straps, and a smaller version using 18mm straps. The size, shape and feature set are the same, but the smaller version could open up Android Wear to a wider audience given the relative heft of most Android watches. ASUS reps today suggested women might be more likely to opt for the smaller size — perhaps an acknowledgement that female buyers are under-served by most smartwatch manufacturers besides Apple. The other side big hardware change is the physical button on the side. It's not a digital crown like on the Apple Watch, and you can't turn it. Instead, ASUS tells us, you can use it wake and power off the device, just like the many button-using Android watches currently on the market. It's a minor point of convenience, but not a huge deal.
Elsewhere, the ZenWatch 2 is all about customization.
Elsewhere, the ZenWatch 2 is all about customization. ASUS says there are some 18 combinations of strap and body color to choose from, including three stainless steel color options for the steel chassis — gunmetal, silver and gold. At today's ASUS event we also spotted a host of strap combinations in leather, rubber and metals, including an Apple Watch-like milanese loop. Between this and the two size options, ASUS looks to be offering considerably more choice than even Motorola, with its Moto Maker-enabled Moto 360.
The manufacturer has also overhauled the way the ZenWatch 2 charges. Instead of the bulky, clunky rubber charging dock of old, the ZenWatch 2 uses a more lightweight magnetic charging cable to do its thing. And ASUS is also offering a backup battery for the ZenWatch 2, which fits onto the rear of the device and can be used to charge it while in use — at the cost of making it considerably thicker, of course. This backup battery also has its own magnetic charging port, so you can charge it individually, or charge both the watch and the backup unit at the same time. The units on display at ASUS' press conference were looping through the usual Android Wear demo reel, but the company says it'll launch with its own suite of software tricks on top of the latest version of Android Wear. This includes a "wellness" application for health tracking, along with camera remote controls for ZenWatch 2 owners who also own an ASUS phone. And ASUS is even working on an app to let users build their own watch faces. None of that was on show today, however.
Bloggers weigh in on the California octuplets, their mother's judgment, her doctor's ethics — and the family's future.
“Why are we, as mothers, so disturbed by this story? I can only answer for myself. I look into the faces of my two children and think of the amount of time and energy it has taken to raise them into the young adults they have become.”
— Blogger Amy Zimmerman mulls over “the countless hours walking the floor with sick kids, the hours of homework and carpooling, dance recitals, soccer games and school plays, disappointments and victories. Then I multiply it....”
“I believe strongly that women themselves should decide how many children they have — or don't have....However, the circumstances in this case appear to point to a woman who is already unable to care for the large family she has.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
— Blogger Katie Allison Granju calls the situation the “perfect storm of unethical medical care” — a fluke that brought a “psychologically vulnerable patient” together with a “one-in-a-million crazy doctor.”
After an hour and a half of watching Stephen Colbert wear funny hats with John Cleese, pirouette around the stage to his house band during commercial breaks, and learn to step dance with Michael Flatley, Colbert emerged from backstage to ask us, the audience, if we had enjoyed the show. After we cheered, he nodded and admitted he had too, and then he rubbed his thumb into his palm. "That's why I hate to be the one to tell you this," he started.
Colbert told the 300 or so of us in the audience that during taping, terrorists had attacked the city of Paris. He told us "many are dead" and that the situation was still ongoing. The room sucked in its collective breath, a vacuum where laughter had just been. People were looking around, waiting for a punchline that never came. I kept wondering, How many? Five? Five hundred? Five thousand? And then hated myself for thinking that that mattered.
I reached for my cell phone in my coat pocket. We were instructed to turn off our mobile devices before entering the studio, but I so badly wanted to send a text to my sister who is currently studying abroad in England. Friends of hers in the program were likely in Paris for the weekend. Girls she shared a kitchen with in their tiny West London flat. I didn't dare turn it on.
Without ceremony, Colbert sat at his desk and informed us he'd have to tape a message acknowledging what had happened. The light had left his face. He was visibly shaken and sad. After a few awkward exchanges with producers about which camera to look into and where to sit, Colbert taped this off-the-cuff message:
This article is about a buffalo soldier in the United States Army. For other people named Mark Matthews, see Mark Matthews (disambiguation)
Mark Matthews (August 7, 1894 – September 6, 2005) was an American veteran of the Second World War and a Buffalo Soldier. Born in Alabama and growing up in Ohio, Matthews joined the 10th Cavalry Regiment when he was only 15 years old, after having been recruited at a Lexington, Kentucky racetrack and having documents forged so that he appeared to meet the minimum age of 17. While stationed in Arizona, he joined General John J. Pershing's Mexico expedition to hunt down Mexican general Pancho Villa. He was later transferred to Virginia, where he took care of President Roosevelt and First Lady Eleanor's horses and was a member of the Buffalo Soldiers' drum and bugle corps. In his late 40s, he served in combat operations in the South Pacific during World War II and achieved the rank of First Sergeant. He was noted as an excellent marksman and horse showman.
Leaving the United States Army a few years before it was integrated, Matthews then took a job as a security guard in Maryland, rising to the rank of chief of the guards and then retiring in 1970. After the war, he told stories of military experiences and grew to become a symbol of the Buffalo Soldiers. In his later years he met with Bill Clinton and Colin Powell and also dedicated a barracks in Virginia in honor of the Buffalo Soldiers. Having experienced excellent health for most of his life, Matthews died of pneumonia at the age of 111 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery. At the time of his death, he was recognized as the oldest living Buffalo Soldier as well as the oldest man, and the second-oldest person, in the District of Columbia.
Early life [ edit ]
Matthews was born in Greenville, Alabama and grew up in Mansfield, Ohio. His horse riding career began early, when he would deliver newspapers on the back of a pony. When he was only 15 years old, he met members of the 10th Cavalry, the original Buffalo Soldier unit, while tending to horses on a racetrack in Lexington, Kentucky. Although there is disagreement as to the origins of the name "Buffalo Soldiers," it referred to several segregated units within the United States army. Although the legal age of recruitment was 17 at the time, documents were forged and Matthews signed up to join the army in Columbus, Ohio.[1]
Military career [ edit ]
After his training, Matthews was first stationed in Fort Huachuca in Arizona. At the time, the army was still using Native Americans as guides in the western United States. During his tenure in the state, he was regarded as an excellent marksman. Next, he joined General John J. Pershing's campaign into Mexico in 1916 to hunt for Pancho Villa. Although Matthews admitted to never having met Villa, he would claim that "I knew where he was at."[1] During World War I, the battlefields of Europe were not conducive to cavalry; the 10th Regiment performed duty on the border with Mexico, including skirmishes with Mexicans and their German military advisors in the vicinity of Nogales, Arizona.[2]
In 1931, he was transferred to Fort Myer in Virginia.[1] While stationed there, Matthews and some of his troops were escorts for King George VI and his wife Queen Elizabeth when they came to visit President Franklin D. Roosevelt at the White House. He earned acclaim for his horse shows, which helped sell war bonds during World War II and he tended to First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt's personal horses.[3] He also played on the polo team while stationed in the state.[1]
He was also a member of the Buffalo Soldiers' drum and bugle corps, and performed at funerals in Arlington National Cemetery, where he himself would later be buried. Since the Army would not allow colored soldiers to be seen at white funerals at this time, he was forced to hide in the woods while playing "Taps".[4] A decade later, he fought in World War II and saw combat action at the Battle of Saipan in the South Pacific.[1] During the conflict, he rose to the rank of First Sergeant.[5] He had originally been sent to train with the Tuskegee Airmen, but was deemed to be too old at the time.[4]
Later life [ edit ]
Although there were conflicting reports on whether he retired from the Army in 1947,[6] 1949[1] or 1950,[3] he left the army only shortly before the Buffalo Soldiers were disbanded as part of President Harry S. Truman's initiative to integrate the Army. His next job was at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda where he worked as a security guard. By the time he retired for a second time, in 1970, he had become the chief of the guards at the institution. He spent much of his spare time fishing, reading the Bible, and recounting tales of his extensive military experiences, which made him a popular and respected figure within the community. His wife of 57 years, Genevieve Hill Matthews, died in 1986 and one of his daughters, Shirley Ann, died two years later.[1]
In his old age, he became a symbol for the Buffalo Soldiers. In 1994, he met with President Bill Clinton at the White House.[5] In 1997, at the age of 103, Matthews was present at Arlington National Cemetery for a service honoring the Buffalo Soldiers, where he unveiled a plaque that dedicated his former barracks in honor of the soldiers.[7] For his 108th birthday in 2002, he met with then-United States Secretary of State Colin Powell, where Powell was presented with a portrait of Matthews.[8] He was a member of his local church, a Prince Hall Masonic Temple and the Washington chapter of the 9th and 10th Cavalry Association until his death.[1]
Although partially blind from glaucoma by the age of 109 and completely blind from cataracts by 111, he nevertheless retained his memory and good health until his final days; his medical history showed no signs of high blood pressure, heart or kidney trouble or diabetes. He was able to walk without a cane or walker, preferring not to use one, and was able to feed himself, including Cheerios for breakfast, his favorite vanilla ice cream with his other meals and a daily can of Ensure for energy. While he enjoyed recounting tales from his military experience, he never complained about the segregated nature of his unit, preferring instead to focus on his own exploits on the job.[3][6]
Matthews died at the claimed age of 111 of pneumonia in Washington, D.C. At the time of his death, he was recognized as the oldest living former Buffalo Soldier, the oldest man in Washington and the second oldest person in Washington overall behind then oldest American Corinne Dixon Taylor. He was survived by three of his four daughters, his son, nine grandchildren and seventeen great-grandchildren.[1] He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery in September 2005 and Washington, D.C. Mayor Anthony A. Williams spoke at his funeral, which was also attended by councilman and future mayor Adrian Fenty.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Last week, Senator Bernie Sanders and Representative Keith Ellison launched a new piece of legislation that would repeal $113 billion of tax-breaks, handouts and subsidies for the fossil fuel industry over the next ten years. Ad Policy
Currently, the fossil fuel industry is generously subsidized despite the fact that it's already the most profitable business on earth! (During the first quarter of 2012, the Big Five oil companies earned a combined $33.5 billion, or $368 million per day.) It's as if the industry is being awarded a bonus for wrecking the environment. Fossil fuels are subsidized at nearly six times the rate of renewable energy. From 2002 to 2008, the US government gave the mature fossil fuel industry over $72 billion in subsidies, while investments in the emerging renewable industry totaled $12.2 billion.
We'll never get to renewable energy if we keep offering gobs of cash to oil, coal and gas companies to continue business as usual. The End Polluter Welfare Act would strip away these obscene subsidies.
While there have been previous legislative attempts to remove some fossil-fuel subsidies, this bill is the most comprehensive and would end all tax breaks, loopholes and federal research support for fossil fuels.
As you can imagine, the fossil fuel industry is fighting back hard, so please join Friends of the Earth, Taxpayers for Common Sense and 350.org, which has launched a signature drive to pressure congressional representatives, in offering public support for the End Polluter Welfare Act.
WATCH ABOVE: Justin Trudeau says the Liberal government will amend the labour code to allow workers greater flexibility.
Liberal leader Justin Trudeau wants to make it easier for you – if you work in a federally regulated industry – to pick up your kids on a Friday afternoon.
That's the gist of the announcement he made Wednesday morning in Winnipeg, telling a crowd of supporters that he intends to make it easier for Canada's roughly one million federally regulated employees to request flexible working arrangements from the employers.
“We'll make sure every federally regulated worker has the legal right without fear of reprisal, to make a formal request to their employer for more flexible work conditions,” he said.
Trudeau also said he will work with provinces to extend this policy to people working in non-federally regulated industries.
But can it work? It does in the U.K. but it won't change much in Canada.
“What difference does that make then? Any employee can ask for anything,” Howard Levitt, the senior partner at Levitt & Grosman LLP in Toronto, said during an interview Wednesday. “Why do you have to pass a law saying you can ask for something which you can ask for anyway?”
Levitt explained that Canadian employers have to accommodate childcare issues.
“If for example, you have childcare needs, or eldercare that you can't accommodate in any other way but from changing your shift, the employer is obliged, subject to undue hardship to accommodate you,” Levitt said.
WATCH: Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau expanded on what he changes to the Canadian Labour Code if elected would entail.
A 2014 ruling by the Federal Court of Appeal upheld a decision that said employers must try to accommodate childcare obligations when ruling on a 2004 Human Rights Complaint by Fiona Johnston when she, along with her husband, were working for Canadian Border Services Agency at Toronto's Pearson International Airport.
The Liberal plan borrows from the United Kingdom's Flexible Working Act which was passed in 2003.
That law originally encompassed parents and caregivers but has since been extended to all U.K. workers and lets people get away from the nine-to-five, 40-hour week, work-in-the-office-only mentality. Part-time work is the most common option.
Trudeau said Wednesday federally regulated employees will be able to make formal requests to their boss for a flexible arrangement, and their boss has to at least reply. They don't, however, have to accept the request.
United Kingdom employers are given eight reasons which they can use to deny a request including a detrimental impact on quality or performance.
“There's not an employer in the land who could not find three of those eight exceptions to apply to any potential request, let alone one,” Levitt said, noting that employers schedule their employees for specific reasons and could easily find a reason to deny a request.
But most employers, at least in the U.K., do accept the requests. According to a survey by the London, England-based Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD), the overwhelming number – 83 per cent – of people who made a request were granted a flexible arrangement.
Most employers, according to the CIPD survey, also find flexible arrangements have positive effects on their day-to-day operations with 73 per cent citing a positive impact on employee motivation, and 83 per cent citing a positive impact on employee engagement.
Only 38 per cent of employers, according to the same survey, cited a positive impact on innovation, 41 per cent thought flexible work fostered better knowledge sharing, and 48 per cent cited a positive impact on customer service.
Marijuana activists arrested near the U.S. Capitol
Adam Eidinger, co-founder of DCMJ, hands out free marijuana joints to D.C. residents who worked on Capitol Hill as part of the 1st Annual Joint Session to mark "4/20" day and promote legalizing marijuana on April 20, 2017. (Photo: Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images)
Seven marijuana activists were arrested near the U.S. Capitol, while they were handing out free joints to congressional staff and other federal employees on Thursday, aka 4/20.
Three of those arrested were charged with possession with intent to distribute, the Capitol police said in a statement. The other four people were charged with possession. The Capitol police noted that it is illegal to possess marijuana under federal law.
Among the activists arrested was Adam Eidinger, the D.C. activist who pushed for the ballot initiative that legalized marijuana possession in the city. After Eidinger was taken into custody, other members of the cannabis advocacy group DCMJ shouted in protest, demanding to know what charges he faced.
"Who polices the police?" DCMJ activist Angela Sydnor shouted as she followed the officers and Eidinger across the street.
The Capitol police did not reply, and instead asked people to keep the streets clear.
According to ABC7, Capitol police confiscated the marijuana before 2 p.m., leading to protests from the activists.
Prior to his arrest, Eidinger stood on the southeast corner of First Street and Constitution Avenue Northeast, a strip of land that isn't under federal jurisdiction despite being right across the street from the Capitol building. He and other District of Columbia residents started handing out free marijuana joints to any person with a congressional ID.
It was all part of effort to get Congress to allow D.C. to enact laws that would regulate marijuana. While it's legal to possess, grow and give away cannabis in the district, there are no laws that allow people to buy or sell pot.
Adam Eidinger, one of the founders of DCMJ.org, a Washington group calling for cannabis to be removed from the Controlled Substances Act, works the sewing maching with another supporter making protest props on April 13, 2017. (Photo: Paul J. Richards, AFP/Getty Images)
Most of the people crowded onto the sidewalk after "high noon" appeared to be either activists or journalists. Occasionally, someone would walk up, flash a badge and get a little marijuana.
A little more than an hour into the event, Eidinger said they probably handed out about 100 joints.
"People are coming every minute or so," he said.
More drama may come next week, when members of DCMJ gather on the Capitol steps for a smoke-in to urge lawmakers to remove federal prohibitions on cannabis.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2pHtmW9
Amid rampant online speculation about Hillary Clinton's health, one New York Times columnist has a solution – simply get Google to “fix” the search results.
The theories about Clinton's health, often under the hashtag #HillarysHealth, have been gaining traction on social media in particular.
Democrats have dismissed the claims as a mix of conspiracy theories and misinformation. But now New York Times tech columnist Farhad Manjoo has called on Google to step in.
“Google should fix this. It shouldn't give quarter to conspiracy theorists,” he tweeted.
A year ago, Clinton's doctor said she was in “excellent physical condition.”
But that has not stopped speculation, with some Republicans including Donald Trump weighing in.
Trump said in a speech last week that Clinton “lacks the mental and physical stamina to take on ISIS, and all the many adversaries we face.”
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said last week on Fox News, “Go online and put down, ‘Hillary Clinton illness,' and take a look at the videos yourself.”
Clinton's health first became a matter of scrutiny when she suffered a concussion as secretary of state. Recently, coughing bouts on the campaign trail and pictures of Clinton being helped upstairs by multiple aides have stoked further speculation.
Breitbart News first noted Manjoo's tweet.
Ryan Anderson, the Heritage Foundation's voice of opposition to LGBT equality, was interviewed last week on the program “Issues, Etc.,” which calls itself “Christ-Centered Cross-Focused Talk Radio.” The interview focused on conflicts between religious liberty and “the sexual revolution.” Anderson called for the creation of a new political organization focused on electing politicians who agree with his approach to religious liberty and defeating those who don't; a sort of NRA or Club for Growth for people who don't want to have to recognize the marriages of same-sex couples.
An electoral operation is the one piece missing from a movement that has strong legal advocates, religious voices and think tanks, he said. Of course, there are plenty of Religious Right groups that work to elect conservative Christians who share Anderson's worldview, groups that spent millions of dollars to help put Trump and other conservatives in office last year. Apparently, Anderson isn't counting them because they are not focused explicitly on the singular goal of defending a particular view of religious liberty, one that People For the American Way has characterized as “weaponizing religious liberty” on behalf of allowing discrimination in public accommodations.
Anderson also put in a plug for the Heritage Foundation's anti-government agenda. He said that if Thomas Jefferson or James Madison came back to the U.S. today and were told about the challenge to the Affordable Care Act involving the Little Sisters of the Poor, their first response wouldn't be a defense of the nuns' First Amendment rights. Instead, Anderson said, they'd ask, “What is the Department of Health and Human Services and what gives it the authority to tell an order of nuns that they have to provide coverage for contraception in their health care plan?”
“It's the growth of government,” continued Anderson. “An unaccountable, ever-expanding kind of administrative state, progressive form of governance. This isn't limited constitutional self-government that Madison and Jefferson thought they were setting up.”
Anderson opposes any laws that would include nondiscrimination protections for people on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, even “compromise” versions that include religious exemptions. During the “Issues, Etc.” interview, he warned about the impact of such laws: “If you believe we're created male and female, and that male and female are created for each other… the law is going to treat you in the same way the law treats people who discriminate on the basis of race.”
“Anti-gay bigotry is wrong,” he said, “but support for man-woman marriage is not anti-gay bigotry.”
Anderson has promoted a long-term “road map” for resisting and overturning the Supreme Court's marriage equality ruling based on the lessons of the anti-abortion movement, which has drastically limited women's access to abortion without formally overturning Roe v. Wade. In the interview, he suggested that the anti-choice movement could also serve as an example for justifying religious exemptions from nondiscrimination laws.
Hrithik Roshan is coming back to the Dhoom franchise after he played the role of the master thief and disguise expert in Dhoom 2. To top it off, Amitabh Bachchan has also been reportedly signed on for the film . Will he play the role of ACP Jai Dikshit or some other character carved iut for him is yet to be known. [Also Read: Deepika Padukone refuses to work with Hrithik Roshan in Dhoom 4!]
We would love to have John Abraham make a vengeful comeback to the franchise which he made famous as the baddie. We can try to get rid of Junior Bachchan if Senior Bachchan is in the movie. Or is Big B doing the film because his son is not a part of the film? Anyway, we hope the comic relief in the form of Uday Chopra as Ali who keeps dreaming of getting married to a hot woman and have more than a couple of kids while he keeps talking to his late mother in the heavens is definitely a part of the film.
According to a media report, Hrithik Roshan will be the main villain in the fourth installment of the film. Vijay Krishna Acharya aka Victor, the director of the film is all set to come back with a bang and a hotter plot. We hope the plot is made to be believable unlike the BMW motorbike that Aamir Khan rode which was capable of becoming a jet ski. Even Batman movies don't have such crazy gadgets!
Amitabh Bachchan and Hrithik Roshan were last seen together in Lakshya directed by Farhan Akhtar. It is being touted that the drama in the fourth film could be keeping these two actors in mind. Release dates, other actors, spoilers and a ton of information is yet to be released or ‘leaked' so keep calm as we follow the news and bring you the latest updates.
Researchers at Binghamton University, State University of New York have created a micro-scale biological solar cell that generates a higher power density for longer than any existing cell of its kind.
A microfluidic lab-on-a-chip system that generates its own power is essential for stand-alone, independent, self-sustainable point-of-care diagnostic devices to work in limited-resource and remote regions, said Binghamton University Electrical and Computer Science Assistant Professor Seokheun Choi. Miniaturized biological solar cells (or micro-BSCs) can be the most suitable power source for those applications because the technique resembles Earth's natural ecosystem.
"Micro-BSCs can continuously generate electricity from microbial photosynthetic and respiratory activities over day-night cycles, offering a clean and renewable power source with self-sustaining potential," said Choi. "However, the promise of this technology has not been translated into practical applications because of its relatively low power and current short lifetimes."
Choi and PhD candidate Lin Liu created a microscale microfluidic biological solar cell that can attain high electrical power and long-term operational capability, which will provide a practical and sustainable power supply for lab-on-a-chip applications. The bio-solar cell generated the highest power density for the longest time among any existing micro-scale bio-solar cells.
"The device will release biological photo-energy conversion technology from its restriction to conceptual research and advance its translational potential toward practical and sustainable power applications for point-of-care diagnostics to work independently and self-sustainably in limited-resource and remote regions," added Choi.
The Boost™ Buggy brings ECX® to the street and the track. Taking cues from more expensive racing rigs, the Boost brings enough power and performance to roll with the big boys. Featuring a potent Dynamite® 20T motor and nylon composite race-friendly chassis. The included Spektrum™ DX2E 2.4 GHz transmitter and SR201 receiver provide extended range, interference-free operation while waterproof electronics keep the Boost running no matter what Mother Nature throws its way. A Dynamite® 1800mAh Ni-MH battery and 2.0A peak charger are included and come pre-wired with high-current EC3™ connectors.
The Boost buggy is a ready-to-run vehicle with everything included in one box—right down to the AAs. Adjustable slipper clutch and oil-filled shocks make the buggy handle as if it were on rails while its low stance enables impressive movement on the pavement or off-road. Two color scheme options ensure your vehicle stands out in a crowd.
A Fairbanks man accused of sexually abusing a child for 6 years was sentenced to 45-years in prison at Fairbanks Superior Court yesterday.
During testimony, he told the judge he still loves the girl and believes that she loves him.
Sarah Dubowski was there and files this report.
Shawn Weixelman; Defendant>>: "I would like to prevent what I am about to say from going out onto the news or on TV or the newspaper, not because I'm ashamed of it..."
Douglas Blankenship; Superior Court Judge>>: "You see the media here?"
Shawn Weixelman; Defendant>>: "I do."
David Buettner; Assistant District Attorney>>: "This was not a one-time mistake, an accident or a misunderstanding. This was a systematic pattern of abuse. How sick is that? A child had to tell him it was not okay to have sex with that child!"
37-year-old Shawn Weixelman was sentenced Monday after pleading guilty to the sexual abuse of an 8-year-old child between the years of 2008 and 2014.
The girl's mother told the court she had sent her daughter to live with Weixelman because she had become ill.
The mother said she had no indication that her child was being abused until her daughter told her about thoughts of hurting herself.
During Weixelman's 16-minute testimony he told the court he believes the victim has fond memories of him.
Shawn Weixelman; Defendant>>: "We had earnest sincere conversations together where I imparted my philosophy to her, where we talked about pacifism and feminism and I told her about gender equality and she should be able to expect the same amount of respect as any man."
He told the judge he hopes to teach people in prison about feminism and how to use art to express themselves.
Shawn Weixelman; Defendant>>: "Once I'm in prison, I feel like I can have a positive influence on the culture. From a professional standpoint I would really like to return to concept art. I don't know if you have had a chance to look at my demo reel or my resume? But I am an internationally award winning concept artist."
The Assistant District Attorney told the court Weixelman continues to rationalize his behavior and he is only sorry he was caught.
David Buettner; Assistant District Attorney>>: "He claims that he is remorseful, you heard testimony today that he is remorseful, that it's genuine. This remorse is not genuine. It is regret. It is regret that his dark deeds have come to light. That his true self has finally been revealed."
The victim spoke at the sentencing, nearly in tears. She talked about how she had begged Weixelman to stop and he had manipulated her not to tell anyone. She told the court she still suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and will carry the weight of what he has done for the rest of her life.
Superior Court Judge Douglas Blankenship sentenced Weixelman to 45 years in prison.
Douglas Blankenship; Superior Court Judge>>: "The rationalization that you wanted her to be 'Super sexually empowered and knowledgeable' is over the top. Instead of providing protection and nurturing, you used that child's trust to obtain sexually and perverted emotional gratification."
Sarah Dubowski reporting
Louis Moult (right) scored twice for Well
Motherwell won at Celtic Park for the first time in nearly eight years, coming from behind to do so.
Louis Moult's double turned the game around after Nir Bitton's deflected shot had given the champions the lead.
It means Celtic have failed to win at home in their last four games, the first time that has happened since Tony Mowbray was manager.
They remain a point clear of Aberdeen at the top of the league, while Well's revival under Mark McGhee continues.
The match was prefaced by an emotional unveiling of a statue of Celtic's legendary European Cup-winning captain, Billy McNeill.
The thousands of supporters who gathered for the occasion would have been underwhelmed by what unfolded inside the stadium in the opening 45 minutes.
Their team dominated possession but found Motherwell to be well organised and therefore difficult to penetrate.
But the chess-like approach to the first half could not have been in greater contrast to the action-packed second period.
Nir Bitton (second left) had given Celtic the lead against Motherwell
Lionel Ainsworth should have put Motherwell ahead, but his chip over goalkeeper Craig Gordon also cleared the crossbar.
It looked like Motherwell would pay a hefty price for that as Tom Rogic burst clear, squared for Bitton and the midfielder's shot took a big deflection off Keith Lasley on its way past goalkeeper Connor Ripley.
However, Marvin Johnson, whose pace had already caused Celtic problems, soon fired the ball across goal for Moult to tap into the net.
And the game was turned on its head when Scott McDonald's sharp turn enticed Jozo Simunovic into a rash challenge.
It gave Moult the opportunity to double his and Motherwell's tally, which he duly took, rolling the penalty straight down the middle as Gordon dived to his left.
They could have gone further ahead but for Gordon, who rushed off his line to block from McDonald after Dedryck Boyata got into trouble and then used his left foot to deny Moult a hat-trick.
In between those efforts, Bitton had a shot blocked on the line and Ripley saved from Scott Allan and Kris Commons.
Celtic piled forward in the closing stages but failed to create any further openings as Motherwell celebrated a hard-earned victory.
You probably haven't heard of the queer Austrian men's magazine Vangardist, which is distributed exclusively in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. You'll probably be hearing about it a little bit in the coming weeks, as the magazine has printed an entire issue in ink that was infused with HIV-positive infused blood. This was more than a stunt, though: it's meant to bring awareness to the increasingly prevalent stigma associated with HIV.
The design technicalities were handled in part by Saatchi & Saatchi, an ad agency. Their website breaks down the thought process behind the whole thing, but it boils down to this: because HIV, as we now know it, has been in the public awareness for more than 30 years, people have forgotten that it still kills. Add to that the seemingly willing ignorance most people have of the realities of the virus and the specifics of its contagion, and there's a persistent, weird combination of fear and nonchalance.
This Spring issue, which is 100 percent safe to handle with zero fear of infection, will only have 3,000 copies. It's part of a social campaign called #HIVHEROES, which aims only at getting people talking about HIV. It's a very cool idea, and it proves that there is still life in the print industry and its ability to put real, important things into our physical hands.
It has been two months since the Miami Heat acquired Beno Udrih and Jarnell Stokes from the Memphis Grizzlies. In this case, it is a meaningful anniversary.
By NBA rule, players acquired in trades cannot be aggregated (combined with teammates) in trades for a two-month period. The restriction expired with Udrih and Stokes on Sunday, having been acquired for Mario Chalmers and James Ennis on Nov. 10.
With the Heat operating above the NBA's punitive luxury tax, a payment that is not computed until season's end, excising Udrih's $2.2 million salary could help the Heat get closer to the tax line, with the Heat currently at $5.6 million above that figure.
Udrih's salary also could help the Heat build a matching figure for a potential trade. Stokes is earning the NBA minimum of $845,000.
Udrih was held out of Friday's victory over the Phoenix Suns due to "coach's decision," but then played 20 minutes in Saturday's loss to the Utah Jazz when Dwyane Wade and Tyler Johnson were dealing with shoulder issues.
For the Heat, one of the major NBA deadlines of the season passed with no impact on Sunday, the day all contracts became guaranteed for the season. All 15 players under contract to the Heat have contracts that already had been fully guaranteed for 2015-16.
Another key date on the NBA calendar was last Tuesday, when teams could begin signing players to 10-day contracts. With the Heat already carrying the NBA maximum of 15 players, they do not have a roster spot for such an addition.
The start of 10-day contracts is more likely to impact the Heat's NBA Development League affiliate, the Sioux Falls Skyforce, with players on that roster eligible to be signed by any NBA team (with the exception of Stokes, who is on loan from the Heat).
One more key personnel date for the Heat arrives on Friday, the first day guard Goran Dragic can be traded (due to the significant raise he received in the offseason). It also is the first day Wade would be eligible for a trade. All other players who were on the Heat roster at the start of the season became trade eligible on Dec. 15.
The only no-trade clause on the Heat roster belongs to Wade, who would have to approve any trade.
The NBA trading deadline is 3 p.m. Feb. 18.
winderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
Police arrest 26 suspected johns in SE Houston prostitution sting
Alan Vargas, 24, was arrested by the Houston Police Department following a two month-long prostitution sting in southeast Houston. Alan Vargas, 24, was arrested by the Houston Police Department following a two month-long prostitution sting in southeast Houston. Photo: Houston Police Department Photo: Houston Police Department Image 1 of / 32 Caption Close Police arrest 26 suspected johns in SE Houston prostitution sting 1 / 32 Back to Gallery
The Houston Police Department arrested 26 men as part of a two month-long prostitution sting in southeast Houston.
The more than two dozen accused johns were apprehended mainly around the 2400 block of Gould near Stratton and and the 3200 block of Telephone Road.
Police say the 26 males attempted to buy sex in exchange for money and were taken into custody. Those areas were targeted as a response to citizen complaints about a high amount of prostitution in the area.
HPD's goal is to lower the demand for sex trafficking, which often involves under-age girls and women being abused and coerced into prostitution. By targeting johns, the hope is to reduce demand for these illegal activities and the exploited women forced into them.
Click through the gallery to see who was arrested in this latest sting.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iraq's national security adviser briefed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on efforts to counter Islamic State on Tuesday, Syrian state media reported, the first such meeting since the United States launched air strikes on the radical group in Iraq.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad (L) meets Faleh al-Fayad, the Iraqi National Security Advisor and envoy of the Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, in Damascus September 16, 2014,in this picture released by Syria's national news agency SANA. REUTERS/SANA/Handout via Reuters
The United States and other Western governments have dismissed the idea of cooperating with Syria in the fight against Islamic State, which has seized large areas of Iraq and Syria. Western governments see Assad as part of the problem and say he must leave power.
But the Shi'ite-led government in Baghdad, together with Iran and the Lebanese group Hezbollah, have been important allies for Assad since the uprising against his rule erupted in 2011. Shi'ite Iraqi militias have fought on Assad's side against the insurgency spearheaded by Sunni Islamists.
The meeting between Faleh al-Fayad, the Iraqi national security adviser, and Assad indicated that the Iraqi government aims to maintain those ties. It also points to the scope for possible indirect cooperation between Syria and the West in the fight against Islamic State via third parties such as Iraq.
Fayad “put Assad in the picture of the latest developments in Iraq and the efforts that the Iraqi government and people are making to combat the terrorists”, the Syrian state news agency SANA reported.
The meeting stressed “the importance of strengthening cooperation and coordination between the two brotherly countries in the field of combating terrorism that is hitting Syria and Iraq and which threatens the region and the world”, SANA said.
There was no immediate comment from Baghdad.
Assad told Fayad that efforts to counterterrorism must start with pressure on the states that support and finance it — a reference to Gulf Arab states Saudi Arabia and Qatar which Damascus accuses of sponsoring hardline insurgents groups.
The United States is leading efforts to forge an international coalition against Islamic State. Iraq has attended two conferences held in recent days to rally international support to the cause but Syria has not been invited.
A Lebanese official with close ties to the Syrian government said Fayad had expressed Baghdad's displeasure at Syria's exclusion from efforts against Islamic State.
The Iraqis had told Assad that a new Baghdad administration of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, a Shi'ite Islamist, would continue the cooperation that existed when Nuri al-Maliki was premier, said the official who was briefed on the talks.
That cooperation would remain as it was in Maliki's era, or could be even closer “given that Syria and Iraq are in one trench confronting the ISIS danger”, the official said.
U.S. President Barack Obama last week said he would not hesitate to strike Islamic State in Syria. The Syrian government has said any military action taken without its consent would amount to an act of aggression.
People vote in the Pennsylvania primary at J & L'S Fresh & Silk's flower shop in Philadelphia, Tuesday, April 22, 2008. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
The swing state of Pennsylvania spent the last week debating the constitutionality of a new voter-identification law that could impact hundreds of thousands of voters.
As closing arguments were made Thursday, voting rights advocates told Whispers they they believed they had a sure win.
Over the last two years, new and controversial voter ID laws have been introduced across the country due to perceived problems of voter fraud. Many Democrats, however, say they believe the laws were introduced to hurt their voter base, such as minorities and the elderly.
The case in Pennsylvania state court did not begin well for proponents of the new voter ID law, with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania acknowledging in a stipulation that they could find: "no investigations or prosecutions of in-person voter fraud in Pennsylvania... the parties are not aware of any in-person voter fraud in Pennsylvania... [and] respondents will not offer any evidence in this action that in-person voter fraud has in fact occurred."
The argument for the new voter ID law further disintegrated when Rebecca Oyler, director of policy at Pennsylvania's department of state, said that the Commonwealth had drastically underestimated the number of voters currently without an acceptable ID.
A deputy secretary at the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation also said the state would not be able to process photo ID cards for the thousands that needed them in time for the fall election.
But it was the testimony from Jonathan Marks, commissioner of the Bureau of Commissions, Elections and Legislation, that appeared to put the nail in the coffin. Marks testified that the law violated, in a number of ways, the Pennsylvania Consitution's clause that elections should be "free and equal."
"Sometimes a judges surprises you," said Penda Hair, co-founder of the Advancement Project, one of the groups who filed the lawsuit. "But I think we've clearly shown that the photo ID law violates the state constitution... and I would be very surprised if the plaintiffs did not prevail."
Elizabeth Flock is a staff writer for U.S. News & World Report. You can contact her at eflock@usnews.com or follow her on Twitter and Facebook.
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 has gone into life by May 25th, 2018. That's why we need your consent to process your personal data that you share within our services. You'll find details about it below. In case you don't agree on that, you cannot use the website.
What kind of data are we going to process?
We process data that you give us or leave in the context of using the services and functions of websites from our portfolio. If you want to use the website functions along with the forums, you need to create an account which is going to use your e-mail address. The second type of data to process is cookies: you leave them by filling the forms, such as account registration. They allow you to use the websites easier (saving passowrds for example). The last type of data that we process is all your data uploaded within our services (website/forums). In this case our processing is only about sharing virtual space which you use to upload the data.
Why are you going to process the data?
• statistical measurements - information about the users are valuable in context of possibility to perform data analysis.
• marketing activities - in case of important events associated with our websites we want our users to be informed about them. Advertisments can be shown within social media and mailing campaigns.
Who is the administrator of the personal data?
The administrator of the personal data is IRNet company.
Who can you provide the data to?
According to the law, it might be entities that process data on request, for example marketing companies, adverts, service subcontractors. Your data can be also given to legal organs considering we receive appropriate legal basis.
What are my rights in context of my data?
You have right to delete your account in any moment, and with the account: all the data that we ever held on our servers. It means that when you delete your account, it will not be possible to restore it.
Do I need to give you my data?
Providing us with your personal data is volunatry, however not providing the data necessary for providing the services for you will make these services unusable. You cannot create an account without an e-mail address.
What are my rights in context of processing my personal data?
You have the following rights:
• right to access to all your data and to download a copy of all your data;
• right to delete all your data;
• right to lodge a complaint to a supervisory body that is dealing with personal data protection.
If your data is being processed as you have agreed to, you can additionally take advantage of the following rights:
Right to withdraw of consent in the scope which the data is processed. Withdrawal of consent doesn't affect compatibility with rights to process which was done due to the consent before its withdrawal.
VIENNA, AUSTRIA (SatireWire.com) – A key academic assessment released today ranked America's high schoolers 25th in the world in math, a showing that pleased U.S. students who figure that at least keeps them in the top 1O.
“This is awesome,” said San Antonio high school junior Keegan Russell as he looked over the results. “By my count, you've only got China at 1, Finland at 2, and Latvia at 33, ahead of us.”
The exam, given in 2009 by the Vienna-based Program for International Student Assessment, tested 470,000 students in 65 countries in math, reading, and science. Aside from math, the U.S. ranked 14th in reading, and 17th in science, numbers that alarmed U.S. educators.
“The results are extraordinarily challenging to us and we have to deal with the brutal truth,” said U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan. “”This is an absolute wake-up call for America.”
“Yeah wake up America, your kids are the shizz!” said Brendan Halerty, a sophomore in Las Vegas. “That's the truth. Brutal.”
President Obama, who has long criticized the decline in U.S. academic standards, said the results show America is at serious risk of falling behind China and the rest of the world. Students, however, say they don't understand the pessimism.
“OK, this year we finished at number 25, and last time we finished 26th, so we fell five places, but we're still really strong,” said Florida 10th grader Samantha Wenger. “I know the President is better at math than me, ‘cause he can reduce a deficit by adding to it, but honestly, lighten up.”
As for the other test scores, students conceded their generation has some work to do.
“We got ranked 17th in science, but that's a prime number, or a negative number, so I can't talk about that because we haven't covered those yet,” Wenger said. “But in reading we came in 14th, so we're next-to-last out of 65, which is bad.”
Halerty, however, pointed out that the PISA test, while considered “standardized,” was in fact weighted against U.S. students.
“If you think about it, this really isn't a fair comparison,” he said. “Like the Chinese students, they took the test in Chinese. We had to take it in English. Way harder.”
Copyright © 2010, SatireWire
When the young Senator from Massachusetts John F. Kennedy took an absence from Congress in 1954 for back surgery, he took the recovery time as an opportunity to examine the nature of political courage. Sam Houston's stance against the Kansas-Nebraska Act, which eventually cost him his own Senate seat, was one of Kennedy's Profiles in Courage .
The Sam Houston Memorial Museum , on the campus of Sam Houston State University, is dedicated to preserving the legacy of the life of Texas' First Citizen. Houston's famous Steamboat house is also on the grounds of the museum. Visit the next time you're in Huntsville!
After doing as much as anyone else to achieve victory for Texans during its revolution, Sam Houston shepherded the young Republic through its turbulent decade of independence, and continued to serve his beloved Texas into the disruption of secession and the Civil War.
Do you want to stay up-to-date with everything Come and Take It and be the first to know when a new show comes out? Sign up for our mailing list, and get information delivered straight to your inbox. We promise not to share your information with anyone.
Move over, Rex Ryan. We have another sports figure who is into feet.
Stephen Curry's love for his wife's feet was exposed on daytime talk show, The Real.
When one of the hosts asked Ayesha to show everyone a weird photo on her phone, she pulled up a shot of her bare feet.
"My husband really loves my feet," Ayesha explained, "and so the light was hittin' them just right that day and so, I was like, let me just snap this photo and send him a picture of my feet."
Ayesha didn't stop there with the TMI, adding, "I always say, when he says to send nudes, that's what he's getting -- a picture of my bare feet."
At least now the caption on this Instagram photo Curry posted back in January now makes sense.
Want to hear all about how Dr House is actually a suave as balls English guy from a not so suave as balls English guy? Check out the video version of this article. If you want to see what it looked like before we ruined it with my face, the original article is below.
House is basically a show about if Sherlock Holmes travelled through time to be an asshole American doctor, the person playing that asshole American doctor is one, Hugh Laurie, who was so convincingly American in his audition, the director himself didn't realise he's actually British.
What makes this doubly hilarious is, as stated in the image above, the director of the show, Bryan Singer, was adamant that Dr. House be played by an American actor because he was convinced that British actors simply couldn't muster up a convincing sounding American accent. Singer was so sure of this fact that he'd actually stopped considering any audition tapes from British actors entirely and instead tasked the casting people to redouble their efforts on hiring a “quintessentially American person“.
Apparently this little titbit escaped Laurie's notice and he sent in audition tape anyway, reportedly filmed in the bathroom of the hotel he was staying in because it was the only room with a bright enough light. Laurie also decided not to change out of his day-old clothes or shave, because he felt that a guy like Dr House wouldn't give a shit about his appearance. Also, according to a later interview with Laurie, he didn't even have a cane so he had to make do with an old umbrella. Singer apparently watched the tape and hired Laurie on the the spot.
Let's just recap for a second so we're all on the same glorious page here, Hugh Laurie, a British actor, filmed an audition tape on the shitter for a TV show for which the director had absolutely insisted that he would only consider an American actor for the role, and he got the gig.
To make things even funnier, Singer was totally unaware that Hugh Laurie was English to the point that upon seeing his audition tape, he turned to his crew and said:
“See, this is what I want: an American guy”
Not wanting to disappoint Singer, they called Laurie and gave him the part. We have no idea how Singer reacted when he met Laurie and heard his actual speaking voice, but we'd pay an unreasonable amount of money to have it turned into a ringtone.
A criminal investigation into the “potential rigging” of contracts connected to school-transport schemes operating in Munster and Leinster is being carried out by the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (CCPC).
The commission has also encouraged would-be whistleblowers connected to any cartel-like behaviour in the area of public transport to make contact with it on a confidential basis and issued a reminder that an immunity programme exists for the “first member of a cartel” who comes forward and agrees to help the CCPC with an investigation.
Bus Éireann receives a subvention from the State of about €170 million each year to run its school transport system and employs multiple subcontractors across all 26 counties to operate services to 3,000 schools facilitating the transportation of 115,000 children.
The commission declined to give precise details about the nature of the current investigation or the companies involved other than to confirm that it has been looking into “potential bid rigging in the procurement of publicly-funded transport services” in Tipperary, Waterford, Limerick and Kilkenny.
It said it opened its investigation in 2016 following a detailed examination of a complaint it received.
Search warrants
As part of its follow-up investigation, the CCPC obtained and executed search warrants to gather evidence at 20 separate locations across the four counties in July of last year. The searches were carried out by authorised officers from the commission as well as uniformed gardaí and a detective sergeant from the Garda National Economic Crime Bureau.
The commission said that as its investigation was continuing it could not provide any further comment on the nature of its inquiries.
However, in what is seen as a bush-rattling exercise, it encouraged any individual with any evidence of bidding irregularities connected with publicly-funded transport services to contact its dedicated confidential helpline on 086 677 2062.
It also reminded any would-be whistleblowers that a cartel immunity programme is in place and operated jointly by commission and the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Avoid prosecution
The programme allows for any member of a cartel to avoid prosecution if they are the first member to come forward to reveal their involvement in illegal cartel activity and fully co-operate with the investigation.
“Markets work best where businesses vigorously and independently compete against each other for customers,” said commission chairwoman Isolde Goggin.
“Cartels, where businesses offering the same products or services collectively agree not to compete with one another or to fix prices, cause very significant harm to competition and consumers. Bid rigging in public procurement can be particularly harmful as it can artificially increase prices and ultimately costs taxpayers more and can reduce the quality of services the State provides,” she said.
She stressed that the CCPC was prioritising these investigations “and will take action if it finds evidence suggesting that these forms of criminal offences have taken place”.
More important, many civil rights leaders felt that President Johnson wasn't helping them nearly as much as he could have — and that in fact he never had. He had passed a civil rights bill in 1964, but it hadn't been a voting rights bill.
And they remembered his record, a long record. It was not merely that during his first 20 years, 1937 through 1956, in the House and Senate, he had voted against every civil rights bill — even bills aimed at ending lynching.
Leaders of the civil rights movement who had watched their bills die, year after year, in Congress — not a single civil rights bill had been enacted since 1875 — knew that Johnson had been not merely a voter but a strategist against civil rights, a tactician so successful that Richard Russell of Georgia, the leader of the Senate's mighty “Southern caucus,” had raised him to power in the Senate, had, in fact, made him his anointed successor as the South's legislative leader, the young hope of the elderly Southern senators in their desperate battle to maintain racial segregation.
In 1956, by which time Lyndon Johnson was a majority leader, he devised and carried out the strategy that had not only crushed a civil rights bill in the Senate by a majority greater than ever before, but had done so in a way that humiliated, in a particularly vicious manner, the liberal senator who refused to bow to his wishes, Paul Douglas of Illinois.
In 1957 he had engineered the passage of a civil rights bill. The mere fact of its passage in the face of Southern senatorial power — it was the first civil rights bill to be enacted in 87 years — made it a significant benchmark in the history of American government, and the guile and determination with which Johnson drove it to passage made it a landmark of legislative mastery as well. But he was forced to weaken it to get it through, and liberals, not understanding the obstacles he had surmounted, blamed him for not making it stronger.
Some civil rights leaders who had been talking to Lyndon Johnson since he became president were now, by the spring of 1965, convinced of his good faith, but most were not, and the mass of the movement, symbolized by those protesters outside the White House gates, still distrusted him.

Men and women who knew Lyndon Johnson, however, felt there was another element to the story. They included the Mexican-American children of impoverished migrant workers he had taught as a 21-year-old schoolteacher in the little town of Cotulla, Tex.; to the ends of their lives they would talk about how hard he had worked to teach and inspire them. “He used to tell us this country was so free that anyone could become president who was willing to work hard enough,” one student said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Others remember what one calls the story about the “little baby in the cradle.” As one student recalled, “He would tell us that one day we might say the baby would be a teacher. Maybe the next day we'd say the baby would be a doctor. And one day we might say the baby — any baby — might grow up to be president of the United States.”
His former students weren't alone. Men and women at Georgetown dinner tables were also convinced of the sincerity of Johnson's intentions. “I remember at this dinner party, Johnson talking about teaching the Mexican-American kids in Cotulla, and his frustration that they had no books,” recalls Bethine Church, the wife of Senator Frank Church of Idaho. “I remember it as one of the most passionate evenings I've ever spent.”
Photo
These men and women felt Johnson truly wanted to help poor people and particularly people of color, and that he was held back only by his ambition: his desire to be president, and because he was a senator from a Southern state. But when, in 1957, ambition and compassion were finally pointing in the same direction — when he realized that he would never become president unless he removed the “magnolia scent” of the South — he set out to pass a civil rights bill, he did it with a passion that showed how deeply he believed in what he was doing.
The bill he got was the weak one, and civil rights leaders blamed him because the advances it made were meager. Only a week before the March 1965 speech, Dr. King had said that at the rate voter registration was going, it would take 135 years before even half the blacks in Mississippi were registered. And as the limousines were pulling through the gates that night in March, the protesters were singing “We Shall Overcome,” as if to tell Lyndon Johnson, we'll do it without you.
But they didn't have to.
When Johnson stepped to the lectern on Capitol Hill that night, he adopted the great anthem of the civil rights movement as his own.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Even if we pass this bill,” he said, “the battle will not be over. What happened in Selma is part of a far larger movement which reaches into every section and state of America. It is the effort of American Negroes to secure for themselves the full blessings of American life.”
And, Lyndon Johnson said, “Their cause must be our cause, too. Because it is not just Negroes, but really it is all of us, who must overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry and injustice.”
He paused, and then he said, “And we shall overcome.”
Martin Luther King was watching the speech at the home of a family in Selma with some of his aides, none of whom had ever, during all the hard years, seen Dr. King cry. But Lyndon Johnson said, “We shall overcome” — and they saw him cry then.
And there was another indication of the power of that speech. When the motorcade returned to the White House, the protesters were gone.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Another significant moment had occurred in the Capitol after the speech, as Johnson was coming down the aisle accepting congratulations.
It wasn't just congratulations he wanted. One of the congressmen on the aisle was Emanuel Celler, the 76-year-old chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, which handled civil rights legislation. Long a rights champion but now an elderly man, Celler said he would start hearings on the bill the following week, but “I can't push that committee or it might get out of hand.”
Suddenly, Johnson wasn't smiling. His eyes narrowed and his face turned cold. He was still shaking Celler's hand, but with his other hand he was jabbing at the old man. “Start them this week, Manny,” he said. “And hold night sessions, too.”
Celler did. The heroism of the march at Selma, the heroism all across the South, the almost unbelievable bravery of black men and women — and children, so many children — who marched, and were beaten, and marched again, for the right to vote, created the rising tide of national feeling behind the passage of civil rights legislation, the legislation not only of 1965 but of 1964 and 1957. That feeling did so much to make the legislation possible. It has taken me scores of pages in my books to try to describe that heroism, and all of them inadequate. But it also took Lyndon Johnson, whom the black leader James Farmer, sitting in the Oval Office, heard “cajoling, threatening, everything else, whatever was necessary” to get the 1965 bill passed and who, with his legislative genius and savage will, broke, piece by piece, in 1957 and 1964 and 1965, the long unbreakable power of the Southern bloc.
“Abraham Lincoln struck off the chains of black Americans,” I have written, “but it was Lyndon Johnson who led them into voting booths, closed democracy's sacred curtain behind them, placed their hands upon the lever that gave them a hold on their own destiny, made them, at last and forever, a true part of American political life.”
LOOK what has been wrought! Forty-three years ago, a mere blink in history's eye, many black Americans were unable to vote. Tonight, a black American ascends a stage as nominee for president. “Just give Negroes the vote and many of these problems will get better,” Lyndon Johnson said. “Just give them the vote,” and they can do the rest for themselves.
All during this long primary campaign, after reading, first thing every morning, newspaper articles about Barack Obama's campaign for the presidency, I would turn, as part of the research for my next book, to newspaper articles from 1965 about Lyndon Johnson's campaign to win for black people the right to vote.
And I would think about Johnson's great speech, when he adopted the rallying cry of black protest as his own, when he joined his voice to the voices of all the men and women who had sung the mighty hymn of the civil rights movement. Martin Luther King cried when he heard that speech. Since I am not black, I cannot know — cannot even imagine — Dr. King's feelings. I know mine, however. To me, Barack Obama is the inheritor of Lyndon Johnson's civil rights legacy. As I sit listening to Mr. Obama tonight, I will be hearing other words as well. I will be hearing Lyndon Johnson saying, “We shall overcome.”
If Brock Osweiler only remains in the lineup a few more games, he'll go back to the bench with some new hardware after earning AFC's Offensive Player of the Week in Week 11.
Osweiler led the Denver Broncos to a 17-15 victory over the Chicago Bears on the road in his first career start, throwing for two touchdowns and 250 yards on 20-of-27 passing with nary a turnover. The fourth-year quarterback has been waiting patiently for his opportunity and he certainly made the most of it on Sunday.
With Peyton Manning sidelined at least a few more weeks due to plantar fasciitis, Osweiler has an opportunity to stake a claim to the starting spot, especially if he could hand the New England Patriots their first defeat this weekend.
Here are the other winners from Week 11:
AFC
Texans defensive end J.J. Watt helped the Texans keep pace for first place in the AFC South in Sunday's 24-17 win over the New York Jets. A week after turning the Red Rifle into the Red Rider BB gun, the pass rusher had two sacks and five hits of quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick despite being double-teamed on almost every snap. After Houston's defense looked impotent for the first quarter of the season, Watt and Co. are all of a sudden playing their best ball of the season.
Chiefs punter Dustin Colquitt averaged 40.6 yards per punt on five attempts, with four being downed inside the 20-yard line Sunday in Kansas City's beatdown of the division-rival San Diego Chargers. It meant that Philip Rivers had to try and lead his team on long drives, which is part of the reason they only managed to score three points all game.
NFC
Panthers quarterback Cam Newton threw for a career-high five touchdowns and no interceptions in Carolina's 44-16 rout of the Washington Redskins. That meant five lucky fans were gifted footballs by the star quarterback. Newton continues to make his case for the league's Most Valuable Player award with the Panthers now a perfect 10-0.
Buccaneers linebacker Lavonte David has been having a rough season in comparison to his usual standards, but on Sunday in Tampa's 45-17 win over the Eagles, David had two interceptions -- one which went for a touchdown in the game's final minutes. Tampa Bay could use more of that as they fight for a playoff spot at 5-5.
Packers kicker Mason Crosby was a perfect 5-of-5 kicking field goals in Green Bay's 30-13 victory over the Minnesota Vikings to pull even in the NFC North. All five of his field goals came from at least 40 yards out, with his final one being good from 52 yards.
Who wants healthy stuff? Instead, try some of my Mum's secret fudge recipe, for melt-in-the-mouth fudge goodness!
PLEDGE £1: A "thank you" on our website, and I'll say your name out loud while making my Mum's awesome fudge.
PLEDGE £2: The Above + a photo of me making my Mum's awesome fudge.
PLEDGE £3: The Above + two large (hard to cut specific shapes, but roughly 5cm square) pieces of my Mum's awesome fudge, wrapped, boxed and posted 1st Class.
PLEDGE £5: The Above + the Secret Recipe itself!
PLEDGE £12: The Above and a "FUDGE LOVER" mug!
WHOOOP! WE MADE IT! You're all amazing, and my Mum is very flattered. Can't believe we've achieved the target with 28 days still to go. I can't wait to be making and sharing the fudge - it really is yummy!
UPDATE 1: STRETCH GOALS:
£20: I will pick a UK address at random and send them fudge
I will pick a UK address at random and send them fudge £40: I will drive halfway across the country to meet my Mum, she can be the official quality control taster checker
I will drive halfway across the country to meet my Mum, she can be the official quality control taster checker £80: I will also create a premium yummy rum & raisin version, and offer as an alternative to all backers.
I will also create a premium yummy rum & raisin version, and offer as an alternative to all backers. £60,000,000: I will mail out a piece of fudge to every single household in the UK, even if it takes me the rest of my natural life. Everyone deserves fudge.
MORE STRETCH GOALS:
£200: Instead of emailing the recipe, I'll create a cool folded recipe card that you can keep.
Instead of emailing the recipe, I'll create a cool folded recipe card that you can keep. £350: I've never done a YouTube video before, but I'll get some help and create a video of how to make my Mum's secret fudge, starring both me and my Mum! We won't mention quantities of ingredients though, so to keep it fair to all the backers who've paid for the recipe.
I've never done a YouTube video before, but I'll get some help and create a video of how to make my Mum's secret fudge, starring both me and my Mum! We won't mention quantities of ingredients though, so to keep it fair to all the backers who've paid for the recipe. What would you like from this campaign? Please leave a comment if you have any ideas. This campaign is about my Mum's awesome fudge and you. So I want to hear your thoughts! Love and Fudge, Simon x
There will be a choice of two 'FUDGE LOVER' mugs: here are some mockups of what they will look like.
We are living in interesting times for developers, where technology improves, changes and evolves on daily basis. One of the most interesting and anticipated frameworks in the web development scene is Angular 2, which NativeScript already supports—allowing you to write truly native mobile applications using Angular 2.
We have been asked on multiple occasions about whether and when the components of the Telerik UI for NativeScript and UI for NativeScript Pro will be usable with Angular 2. We're happy to say that they very much will be—and in fact most of them already are.
RadChart Support for Angular 2
In the most recent release (1.1.0) we introduced support for the very early version of Angular 2 (still in beta) for our RadListView and RadSideDrawer components. Angular 2 is still being improved and currently sits on RC4 version, and UI for NativeScript is on the same track of improvements. In the upcoming 1.2.0 version of UI for NativeScript Pro, you'll be able to use the RadChart component in your NativeScript Angular 2 project. Note that the RadChart Angular 2 directives are still in beta, so if you face any issues please report them to us via the github repo.
So let's get started and quickly and easily add a RadCartesianChart to your NativeScript, or {N}, Angular 2 project. If you're somewhat familiar with how to bootstrap an {N} project with Angular, it's pretty simple. All you need to do in order to use the RadCartesianChart and/or RadPieChart is add the built-in CHART_PROVIDERS to the nativeScriptBootstrap, like so:
import { nativeScriptBootstrap } from "nativescript-angular/application"; import { CHART_PROVIDERS } from 'nativescript-telerik-ui-pro/chart/angular'; import { AppComponent } from "./navigation/app.component"; nativeScriptBootstrap(AppComponent, [CHART_PROVIDERS]);
The AppComponent is the first (main) Angular Component of your application. For full details, you can take a look at the getting started article for UI for NativeScript here.
Creating a LineSeries
Let's say we want to create a RadCartesianChart component with one LineSeries visualized on CategoricalAxis and LinearAxis. Just like with everything in Angular it all starts with a component that will hold your "page's" content, in our case the RadCartesianChart element.
Simply open and close the RadCartesianChart element tags in the template of the Angular component. Between the RadCartesianChart tags add the LineSeries and set its items property with an Angular 2 binding. In order for the Angular framework to associate the declared LineSeries HTML element with the actual NativeScript RadCartesianChart, we need to tell it somehow, and this is done via the custom cartesianSeries directive. The same approach of declaration is true for the CategoricalAxis and LinearAxis—simply add those HTML elements between the RadCartesianChart tags and set the custom cartesianHorizontalAxis and cartesianVerticalAxis directives to associate the axis with the Chart.
<RadCartesianChart> <CategoricalAxis cartesianHorizontalAxis> </CategoricalAxis> <LinearAxis cartesianVerticalAxis></LinearAxis> <LineSeries cartesianSeries [items]="countries" categoryProperty="Country" valueProperty="Amount"></LineSeries> </RadCartesianChart>
As you may have noticed, any of the well-known properties of the LineSeries (categoryProperty, valueProperty) are settable via the HTML just like in the NativeScript XML. By design all of the RadChart Angular directives expose all of the underlining NativeScript element properties.
The following images show how the above code would look like when running your Angular 2 {N} application on iOS and Android:
Creating a PieSeries
The same approach could be used to add an RadPieChart element to your application. The only difference is that, because the RadPieChart element is designed to work only with PieSeries, when declaring those series you will need to set the pieSeries directive to the series. This will instruct Angular to associate those PieSeries with the RadPieChart. Here is a sample code snippet that shows the pieSeries in action:
<RadPieChart> <PieSeries pieSeries selectionMode="DataPoint" expandRadius="0.4" outerRadiusFactor="0.7" [items]="pieSource" valueProperty="Amount" legendLabel="Brand"></PieSeries> <RadLegendView pieLegend position="Floating" offsetOrigin="TopRight" width="110"></RadLegendView> </RadPieChart>
All of the RadChart series (Bar, RangeBar, Line, Spline, Area, Bubble, ScatterBubble, Scatter, Pie, Candlestick, and Ohlc) are currently supported in Angular 2 and can be used just like the showcased series above. You can find more information about how to use RadCartesianChart and RadPieChart with Angular 2 in the online documentation here.
Learn More and Get in Touch
We are thrilled to bring the RadChart to the Angular 2 support of NativeScript and would like to hear what you think about this first peek of the Angular 2 directives.
You can learn more about UI for NativeScript right here.
The first World Cup attracted only 13 entrants. The first Super Bowl failed to sell out and for years, and “March Madness” was abbreviated NIT, not NCAA.
Many perfectly worthy competitions take time to gain the necessary traction. The CONCACAF Champions League, which crowns the top professional soccer club in North and Central America and the Caribbean, is no different.
The absurd delay in getting the tournament off the ground (Oceania had a champions league before CONCACAF) and the traditionally isolationist sporting cultures of the continent's two largest countries are the chief culprits in the region's reluctance to embrace the CCL.
The event wasn't even organized with reliable consistency until 2002 and didn't adopt the group-stage format until six years later. While MLS, founded in 1996, took a while to produce teams that could compete on the field, Mexico's top clubs cared a whole lot more about beating each other than the smaller outfits to the south or pretenders from the fledgling American league.
There are few international club rivalries in North America and scant history or face-to-face familiarity to draw upon. Until recently, most people simply didn't care.
On Wednesday night, Toronto FC will visit Mexican power Santos Laguna in the second leg of their CCL semifinal series (8 PM ET, Fox Soccer). The two teams fought, literally, to a 1-1 draw in last week's opener in Ontario.
Santos' home prowess and Toronto's flagging MLS form have led many to believe that Wednesday's result is a foregone conclusion. But whatever happens at the Estadio Corona in Torreón, it will be a match sure to increase the CCL's stature.
It's not just the place in next month's finals that's up for grabs. Players, clubs and fan bases that had no knowledge or impression of each other two weeks ago now have history and even a little bit of venom. That raises the stakes and imprints on the collective memory. That's how familiarity is bred and that's how a title becomes more meaningful.
Last week's semifinal opener at BMO Field contained everything you'd need to fuel the fire. Missing captain and defensive stalwart Torsten Frings, Toronto gutted out a 1-1 draw with the heavily favored Mexican league leaders. The match concluded in controversy with two Santos red cards and an apparent headbutt by the visitors' Darwin Quintero on TFC's Ashtone Morgan that sparked a melee. There were harsh words afterward, with Santos upset that an MLS referee (albeit American) was in charge while Toronto's Julian de Guzman promised that Wednesday's return leg was “going to be a war.”
Caught in the crossfire is Santos forward Herculez Gomez, a U.S. World Cup team veteran beloved by many American fans for his affable personality, against-all-odds success and regular scoring binges. His second-half collision with TFC goalkeeper Milos Kocic and subsequent exit from last week's game elicited accusations of diving from Toronto supporters. Later, Gomez (who scored Santos' goal) was quoted on MLSSoccer.com and in the Toronto Star saying that his team's 6-1 demolition of the visiting Seattle Sounders in the quarterfinal decider portended a rough trip for Toronto. Readers were irate at the supposed trash talk. Gomez insisted he never used those words.
Suddenly, Wednesday's game matters. And Gomez, while slightly sore at the Toronto media, loves it.
“I'm having (Mexican) people on Twitter telling me that they don't cheer for Santos but they want to see us beat Toronto. We're aware of it,” he told Sporting News. “It's gotten kind of personal with both fan bases. It's going to be a fun game to play. Games like that are fun.”
The CCL has steadily grown in importance in Mexico, both because of the increasing number of games played between clubs in MLS and the Primera División and because of the promise of a berth in annual FIFA Club World Cup, which expanded beyond European and South American participants in 2005.
Mexico's ties to the wider world of soccer have expanded significantly in recent year. More Mexican players have moved abroad and more foreigners have moved to Mexico as the wealth of the Primera's top clubs has increased. Mexican national teams have excelled at the junior level, winning the Under-17 World Cup in '05 and '11 and advancing to the semifinals of last year's U-20 tournament. Meanwhile, El Tri is the undisputed king of CONCACAF after blasting the U.S. in the '11 Gold Cup final.
Finally, simply being the best in Mexico isn't enough.
“Teams here are putting a lot more stock in it,” said Gomez, who moved south in '10 after stints with the L.A. Galaxy, Colorado Rapids and Sporting Kansas City. “They want to represent their city, country, in the club world championship. I've had the great honor of going to one already (with Pachuca in '10) and it's an amazing feeling.”
He said Mexican clubs that advance from the CCL's autumn group stage (they always do) spend more money over the winter to build depth for the title run. For example, Wednesday's game will be Santos' ninth since the beginning of March in either CCL or Primera play.
The Estadio Corona was nearly sold out as of midday Tuesday (there was a time when CCL games in Mexico were ignored), and Gomez is so eager for local fans to get a taste of international competition that he bought 100 tickets himself and gave them away through Monday Twitter trivia contest. He said fans would have flocked to see David Beckham and the L.A. Galaxy, but that they're gradually coming around on this Toronto team as well.
“We know they'll be amped for this game,” Gomez said of TFC, which earned its CCL berth by winning a qualifying tournament comprising Canada's four pro clubs. “This is the biggest game in the franchise's history. That's either a benefit for us or it's going to be very difficult to deal with … You're going to see a team that's going to come out and try to win. They have to. They're a very aggressive team. You're not going to see Toronto sit back and try to counter.”
History says TFC's Cinderella CCL run is about to come to an end. MLS clubs are just one for 16 against Mexican opposition in home-and-home series, and no Mexican team has been eliminated by a foreign club since the CCL expanded. Toronto is 0-3-0 in MLS and will be without veteran striker Danny Koevermans, who is suspended.
But the tradition the five-year-old club has created just in the past month, first by eliminating the Galaxy and now with its rough-and-tumble series vs. Santos, won't be forgotten.
And for Gomez and Co., the possibility of a mouthwatering finals matchup with rival Monterrey (which leads UNAM Pumas 3-0 after their semifinal opener) and a chance to represent Mexico at the FIFA Club World Cup beckons. That's now a really big deal.
“We're in a culture where everything is analyzed,” he said. “There's a lot of pressure. I'm playing for a club right that now garners a lot of attention, not only in our city but nationwide. This is a tournament we really want to win.”
Close
The feat that Tobey Maguire did when he played the role of Spider-Man in the movies is no longer limited to works of fiction. Researchers have come up with a Gecko-inspired human climbing system that has allowed a 70-kg person to scale a glass wall using sticky pads in each hand.
Geckos are able to climb walls and move about upside down because of their incredibly sticky toes that are covered with spatula-shaped structures known as setae. These structures increase surface area and boost weak electrical attractions between the Gecko's toes and the surface.
Interestingly, while the animal's feet stick well, the Gecko has no problem releasing them, allowing it to run at a speed of 20 body-lengths per second to evade predators.
There were earlier attempts to make artificial adhesives that work the same way as the feet of this lizard, and while these have worked, they were limited for lighter weights.
Developing an adhesive that can support heavier weights, however, would have a number of potential applications and uses. No wonder that the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has worked on a project to come up with such a mechanism.
Earlier this year, DARPA announced that its Z-Man program has successfully enabled a climber weighing over 98 kg to ascend and descend a glass wall using only a pair of hand-held gecko-inspired paddles.
Although DARPA did not provide the exact details on how this was made possible, Mark Cutkosky, from the Department of Mechanical Engineering of Stanford University, and colleagues who also participated in the Z-Man work, showed a similar demonstration using the adhesive system they have developed.
For the climbing system described in their research published in the Journal of the Royal Society Interface on Nov. 19, the researchers molded polydimethylsiloxane, or PDMS, a polymer material commonly found in skin moisturizers and repellant coatings, into microwedges and then attached this into a hexagonal, hand-sized gripper with a spring intended to distribute weight across the pad and absorb some of the force exerted during climbing.
In tests, the 140-square-centimeter sticky pad has allowed a climber weighing 70 kg to scale a 3.6 meter-high vertical glass wall.
"The synthetic adhesion system creates a nearly-uniform load distribution across the whole adhesive area, improving upon the adhesive-bearing structures of a gecko's toe and enabling a human to climb vertical glass using an area of adhesive no larger than the area of a human hand," the researchers wrote. "These results show that gecko-inspired adhesives can be scaled from laboratory-scale tests to human-scale applications with little decrease in performance."
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
The nightmare that is a strengthening Trumpocalypse is bearing down on the ever-so-deserving Republican Party today, with events escalating rapidly.
Republicans are demoralized, desperately looking for an escape hatch. Enthusiasm is down, as they turn on their own. The RNC is no longer supporting the Trump campaign, while Trump himself has gone all-caps to assure us he's never gonna give up his death grip on the party. It's official, folks: We've upgraded to a Category IV Trumpocalypse within the last 24 hours.
And the Trump disaster is gaining steam: We're already meeting the first criteria for a Category V event, Trumpageddon:
“Most elected Republicans withdraw Trump endorsements, but to little avail.”
The New York Times has a handy timeline of which Republicans are not supporting Trump, and when they announced. The list starts with those who saw him for what he was months ago and were willing to say so, and continues on to today's announcements from those who were just dandy with his prior shit-stirring comments of hatred but couldn't abide Friday's particular revelations.
Watch this list carefully. Campaign Trump will pass through treacherous territory Sunday night at the debate; another blow-up could spark a mass exodus of Republican support that dwarfs what we've already seen, putting us well on the way to another upgrade.
What would that mean? 400 electoral votes, a Democratic Senate, a Supreme Court made whole, and maybe, juuuust maybe … a return of Speaker Pelosi.
Help the Trumpocalypse along! lease give $1 to each of these women running in crucial Senate and House races.
Abolished method of execution associated with the French revolution is displayed at the Musée D'Orsay in Paris
A guillotine on display at the Crime and Punishment exhibition in Paris. Photograph: Horacio Villalobos/EPA
Beneath the grey veil used to cloak her awful secrets from the public gaze, "the widow" stands 14ft tall and the blade hangs menacingly over a hole designed for a neck. "One can have a certain indifference on the death penalty," read Victor Hugo's famous words nearby, "as long as one has not seen a guillotine with one's own eyes."
When France put an end to capital punishment in 1981, it also bid a not-so-fond farewell to the instrument of death that had taken the lives of thousands. But today, at the request of the crusading abolitionist who consigned it to history, one of the last guillotines in France was put on display for all the world to see.
For Robert Badinter, the former justice minister who succeeded in outlawing the death penalty during the first year of François Mitterrand's presidency, its appearance at a new exhibition at the Musée d'Orsay in Paris is a reason to celebrate.
"The guillotine, this instrument of death, has become the object of a museum," the Socialist senator told Le Monde this week. "What a symbol and what a victory for the supporters of abolition!"
Badinter, who as a young lawyer witnessed the guillotine "slicing the neck" of a 27-year-old client, Roger Bontems, in La Santé prison in 1972, refers to the machine as his "old enemy". What was chosen as the official execution method by the revolutionaries of 1792 continued in France until 1977, when Hamida Djandoubi was guillotined at Baumettes prison in Marseille after being convicted on charges of torture, murder and rape.
In 1981, Badinter, who wrote in his book L'Abolition that seeing executions for himself had turned him into a hard-core opponent of the death penalty, said that a period of time – "not shorter than 25 years" – should elapse before the so-called louisette was seen in public again.
Now, the contraption – in this case a model designed by Léon Alphonse Berger in 1872 – is on show at the entrance of a new exhibition entitled Crime et Châtiment (Crime and Punishment) which runs until the end of June.
According to Badinter, it is the last intact guillotine in mainland France. Two others, both from overseas territories, are housed in the National Prisons Museum in Fontainebleau.
The guillotine's resurrection, thanks to a nationwide search by Badinter and curator Jean Clair who tracked it down in a military bunker in Ecouen, north of Paris, is a fitting contribution to an exhibition full of severed heads, murders and madness.
With more than 450 works, including sculptures by Rodin and paintings by Degas, David and Munch, the museum has sought to use art to trace attitudes to crime, punishment and rehabilitation from the first bloodthirsty days of the revolution.
Clair has pointed out that when it was suggested by Joseph Ignace Guillotin in 1789, the idea of making mechanical decapitation the uniform means of France's execution stemmed not from barbarity but from a desire to make death as quick and painless as possible for the victim, whether a prince or a pauper.
Hanging and hacking with hatchets were considered woefully inefficient.
"This machine was created out of humanist concerns as the least painful and most egalitarian means of death," Clair told Le Figaro, adding: "Its precision and ease of use also made it the starting point for mass industrial murders."
As debate swirls in contemporary France over reoffending rates, police powers and the pitiful state of overcrowded prisons, the exhibition has a particular relevance.
One visitor, retired teacher Michèle Robelin, expressed surprise, however, that it did not address more pressing issues.
"I think it's a shame this stops at 1981," she said, referring to a timeline of the criminal justice system in France. "Thirty years have passed since then and the state of our prisons is dreadful. They have just swept it under the carpet."
Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Lovie Smith just announced they have made a trade with the Kansas City Chiefs. The Bucs are sending safety Kelcie McCray to Kansas City while the Chiefs are sending guard Rishaw Johnson to the Bucs.
Bucs have acquired guard Rishaw Johnson from the Chiefs in trade for backup safety Kelcie McCray, Lovie Smith announces ... — Greg Auman (@gregauman) August 21, 2014
"Kansas City also got a good football player in Kelcie McCray," Bucs coach Lovie Smith said (via Bucs Nation). "We like our safety position. We had a few guys there. So we feel like we got a good football player and they got a good football player also."
More: The reason for the Chiefs-Bucs trade | Reactions to the trade | More updates
If you had told me a few months ago this trade would happen, I wouldn't have believed you. Rishaw Johson entered the Chiefs offseason first in line for the starting right guard job after a solid Week 17 effort in 2013. The Chiefs drafted Zach Fulton in May and he has since overtaken Johnson for that job. Ricky Henry and Jeff Linkenbach are other guards on the Chiefs roster who have a shot to make it. In fact, my Chiefs 53-man roster prediction was difficult because I thought you could make a case for any of those guards on the roster. Johnson does seem to have slipped behind the others over the last few weeks.
Nick Jacobs recently wrote, "Johnson can't handle a bull rush and doesn't seem to understand blocking angles."
McCray is a 2012 undrafted free agent out of Arkansas State. He first signed with the Miami Dolphins before being placed on injured reserve. The Bucs picked him up last October. He ended the season appearing in 15 games for the Dolphins and Bucs. He is 25 years old and listed at 6'1 and 205 pounds.
The Chiefs are currently without Eric Berry, who has a heel injury. Presumptive third safety Sanders Commings had ankle surgery a few weeks ago so he's not an option right now. McCray comes in as another player competing, not necessarily a lock to make the roster as the Chiefs face cut downs in August 26 and August 30.
There is a scene that serves as a metaphor for the fate of Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev. It took place in December 2008, long before Russia's 46-year-old president committed political suicide last Saturday.
Medvedev had only been in office for seven months at the time. He was giving a speech to 5,000 guests at the Kremlin, at an event to commemorate the 15th anniversary of the Russian constitution. The constitution had just been amended to lengthen the terms of the president and the parliament -- and thus reduce the frequency of elections.
Just as Medvedev was praising the Kremlin for its contributions to freedom and democracy, a young man, a student of economics at a Moscow university, stood up and shouted: "Why are you listening to him? He has violated all civil and human rights himself! This country has censorship and no free elections "
Security officers in black suits pounced on the 25-year-old and held his mouth shut. "Let him go!" Medvedev shouted. "The constitution was ratified precisely so that everyone could have the right to express his opinion!" But the men from the Kremlin security service completely ignored Medvedev. Instead, they grabbed the troublemaker and carried him out of the room.
A similar problem has plagued Medvedev throughout his presidency. Whenever his limousine approached the Kremlin, the security guards would announce: "The president is about to arrive!" But when it was Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in the limousine, they would say: "Nastoyashtchiy yedet" -- "Now the real one is coming."
Sidelined
It has been a week since Medvedev, at the convention of the ruling party, United Russia, meekly agreed to give up his post and allow himself to be sidelined into the position of prime minister. It was the most important shift in Russia's course since Boris Yeltsin promoted then KGB Colonel Putin to the highest office in the country, less than 12 years ago, and one that will likely continue to affect the enormous country for more than a decade to come. Medvedev will remain Russia's leader for only seven more months. Since last weekend, the state-owned broadcasters have been referring to Medvedev as the "current" president, as if they couldn't wait for the changing of the guard to be completed.
There has been no public outcry in Moscow since then. On the day after the announcement, only 500 outraged citizens assembled in front of the Pushkin monument, a favorite meeting place for dissidents.
But there has been fierce discussion in political circles over the many questions that remain. Is Putin's return to the Kremlin good for Russia's stability, or is it the kiss of death for democracy and liberalism? Does it herald an economic upturn or stagnation?
The most important question is whether Medvedev, in the three-and-a-half years of his presidency, ever fought for the values he promoted. It is quite possible that he knowingly accepted the role of the obedient Kremlin soldier in a drama, whose outcome the Putin/Medvedev tandem only revealed to the public last weekend. If that is the case, he was merely a seat warmer on the Kremlin throne -- a figurehead not unlike the farmer's son Mikhail Kalinin, who formally represented the Soviet Union as its nominal head of state for 23 years under Stalin, or the Ukrainian Nikolai Podgorny, who did the same thing for 21 years under party leader Leonid Brezhnev.
If things truly unfolded the way it appears, this president played an ominous role for Russia in the last few years, despite his supposedly liberal views -- or precisely because of them. It appears that he was nothing more than Putin's accomplice.
Portrayed as Weak
Shortly before his election in 2008, many already believed that Medvedev would merely serve as a placeholder in the Kremlin. In recent months, however, there had been growing rumors that Putin would return to power, rumors reinforced by a weekly barrage of images of Putin as an omnipotent leader presented: at the steering wheel of a Lada, as he drives (alone, supposedly) across Siberia, hunting a gray whale in the Pacific, riding a motorcycle with a group of bikers and diving down to the sea floor to recover an antique amphora. The most recent photo is of Putin standing bare-chested in front of a doctor, who confirms that he is in excellent health.
The message was clear: Look at me, I'm the strongest man in the country. At the same time, photos of Medvedev portrayed him as weak and almost despondent, constantly announcing that he would soon issue a statement about his political future as president -- which he never did. He had already given up months ago.
It isn't Putin's return that is surprising, but the manner in which the tandem -- or rather, Putin -- staged the game they were playing: as a big production at the convention of the United Russia party. The directors had brought in 10,000 schoolchildren and students to be an enthusiastic audience for the eerie government drama at the Luzhniki Palace of Sports in Moscow. No one knew what exactly the party would be voting on, but each attendee was given a sheet of paper with instructions on what to wear ("jacket, no tie, with jeans") and a list of slogans to chant ("chant each one at least five times").
Medvedev, who had condemned the practices of Russian state propaganda several times, was nothing but decoration. He sat silently next to Putin, the politician who could very well end up ruling Russia longer than Leonid Brezhnev.
Yuri Ryzhkov, the former Russian ambassador to France, says it was Yeltsin's biggest mistake, even "a crime," to install as his successor Putin. He describes Putin as a "man full of complexes" who is convinced "of his absolute freedom to do as he pleases when it comes to his own people."
But it is now becoming clear that it was just as irresponsible to install a man like Medvedev at the Kremlin three-and-a-half years ago.
The Christian community has tried to avoid taking sides in the civil war. In Aleppo, it recruited vigilantes from the Boy Scout movement to protect churches, but as the war moved into the city and spread across its suburbs they have begun to accept weapons from the Syrian army and joined forces with Armenian groups to repel opposition guerrillas.
"Everybody is fighting everybody," said George, an Armenian Christian from the city. "The Armenians are fighting because they believe the FSA are sent by their Turkish oppressors to attack them, the Christians want to defend their neighbourhoods, Shabiha regime militia are there to kill and rape, the army is fighting the FSA, and the [Kurdish militant group] PKK have their own militia too."
For the past six weeks up to 150 Christian and Armenian fighters have been fighting to prevent Free Syrian Army rebels from entering Christian heartland areas of Aleppo.
Last month the Syrian army claimed a 'victory' in removing FSA fighters from the historic Christian quarter of Jdeidah. But Christian
militia fighters told the Daily Telegraph it was they who had first attacked the FSA there.
"The FSA were hiding in Farhat Square in Jdeideh. The Church committees stormed in and cleansed the area. Then the Syrian army
joined us. They claimed the victory on State television," said George, who like many Christian refugees is too scared to give his full name. "The rebels were threatening the churches."
The area, defined by its boutique shops, narrow cobbled streets and the spires and cupolas of the Maronite, Orthodox and Armenian churches, had over the weeks become infiltrated with sniper positions and checkpoints, residents said.
"FSA snipers were on the rooftops and they were attacking the Maronite church and Armenian residents there," said a former clergyman calling himself John, now in Beirut, who said he had witnessed the battle.
The battle for Aleppo has become bitter, with militant jihadist groups playing a more prominent role than in any other city.
It has become increasingly scarred by accusations of atrocities on both sides, most recently the mass killing of 20 regime troops, whose bodies were displayed on a video apparently uploaded to the internet by a rebel militia.
Residents of the city told The Telegraph that the city's minorities feared that they would suffer the same fate as Christians in Iraq, who
were heavily targeted by the sectarian violence that erupted after the 2003 war.
"They are shouting 'the Alawites to the graves and the Christians to Beirut," said an Armenian mother of four who recently fled the city – a claim also made by several other Christian refugees.
John said that contrary to reports Aleppo's minority groups and wealthy residents were not all regime supporters. But he said they felt they had to protect themselves from 'peasant immigrants' who were using the war to destroy the city's sophisticated
heart.
"I am not in support of the government, but the FSA are all a bunch of thugs and thieves. I watched them steal from a textile
factory – they took everything; gas, materials, even the beading machines!"
Increasingly on the offensive, Syrian rebels killed at least 18 soldiers in a car bomb and ground attack on a military position in neighbouring Idlib province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
In Aleppo on Wednesday four Syrian Armenians were reported killed and 13 wounded in an ambush near the airport.
The new UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi is to meet Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus on Thursday, in a last-ditch effort to rescue the country from civil war.
Any military intervention looked to be firmly off limits on Wednesday. Philip Hammond, the defence secretary, made clear that Western countries would not consider such action whilst Russia and China continued to oppose it.
Seeing little hope of change many Christians have already joined the hundreds of thousands who have fled the country. The UN High
Commission for Refugees said 253,000 Syrians were now registered with them.
Many Christians say they hold little hope of returning.
To be successful, Avril, like most NFL players, is convinced he can't worry about life after football. And yet less than a minute later, in the same breath, he admits he thinks about the end, even while acknowledging that he can't really think about it.
Cliff Avril watched the end of the Super Bowl in February like you did, on TV, except he was in an empty locker room. His wife sat beside him, rubbing his back. The problem was with the broadcast. Because it was delayed, and because he was deep inside University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Ariz., he heard plays before he saw them.
So when Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson threw an interception from the 1-yard line in the final seconds, Avril heard the roar before he saw the play that cost his team a second consecutive Super Bowl. By the time Avril watched it, a few teammates were running into the locker room crying.
Avril, a defensive end, was in the locker room because he had been knocked unconscious, face down, during the third quarter and left the game with a concussion.
How long is the average NFL career? This is a confusing number to nail down. Both the NFL Players Association and the NFL released statistics in 2011, but the numbers don't match. 3.2 years The players' association typically uses this figure. 6.86 years The NFL estimated that rookies who make the 53-man roster average nearly seven years in the league. 9.3 years The 2011 NFL study also said the average first-round draft pick lasts more than nine seasons. This number has been highly disputed. Sources: NFL, NFLPA, Business Insider
This was not new. With Detroit several years ago, he had a concussion so severe it actually scared him.
“I freaked myself out, because I just had my son,” he said. “I was like, ‘If I was to ever have something that bad happen again, I would really consider retiring.' How much money do you really need to live off of?”
His concussion during the Super Bowl didn't produce the same symptoms, but when doctors told him he couldn't go back in, he didn't protest like he might have when he was younger.
“People ask me about the whole concussion thing, and I'm glad the docs didn't put me back in,” Avril, 29, says. “Yes, it's a huge game. Yes, (Patriots quarterback) Tom Brady killed once I left, and it's unfortunate.
“But at the same time, I'm human. Just like you want to take care of your kids, I want to take care of my kids. What good does it do to make a whole bunch of money and then you're 40 years old and don't remember how you did it?”
He is wearing a Seahawks hat and gently pounds the table for emphasis.
“You tell me a good parent that loves their job more than their kids,” he says.
Avril is in his eighth season, which means he has played more years than he has ahead of him. This puts him in a strange position. To be successful, Avril, like most players, is convinced he can't worry about life after football.
“Any fear of it?” he asks rhetorically. “No, because I don't think you can play this game with fear.”
And yet less than a minute later, in the same breath, he admits he thinks about the end, even while acknowledging that he can't really think about it.
“I think you have to be aware of it,” he says, “but you can't be afraid of it coming.”
Growing up, having a plan
Football demands immediacy. The game is so violent that injury is inevitable, and every player knows he could be one play from retirement. The NFL by its nature operates as a chamber of tension — contracts rarely are guaranteed beyond a few years.
But there is another reality, which is so obvious it is easy to forget: Players enter the league out of college, but then they grow up. They get married. They have kids. They plan for things they rarely considered as rookies.
Avril is concerned with life after shoulder pads. He asks former players what it's like, and most say it's a struggle. He's befriended wealthy mentors in Seattle to teach him about finances, and he values their expertise so much that he won't reveal their names or occupations. He has dabbled in real estate and thinks he and his wife could flip houses some day.
At the least, he hopes to have a plan.
Family provides perspective
He learned perspective young. Both of Avril's parents emigrated from Haiti without speaking English. His mom worked multiple jobs. His dad worked grueling hours. He spoke Creole with them.
He lived only in apartments, which is why he wanted to buy his mom a house. Having a front yard was important.
His dad, Jean Samuel, died in May. Avril made a promise to him long ago that he wouldn't play in the NFL for more than 10 years for health reasons.
“And I plan on it,” he says. “Unless something crazy happens and they're offering me some ridiculous amount of money.” He starts laughing. “Then he'd probably tell me to keep playing.”
Avril has two sons of his own. One was born in 2011. The other was born in October. He had the same awakening as most parents. The present became inseparable from the future.
He finished his degree from Purdue in 2012 and brought his son to the graduation ceremony. He walked with the other graduates, which was cool until he realized he was the old guy.
Finding a purpose
Avril's blessing is his burden. He is self-aware enough to think about the ride coming to an end, but also to know that he can't think about it too much if he wants it to keep going. This dichotomy affects his thoughts daily, and he wrestles between the two in conversation:
You guys make a lot of money, you go to cool events. Do you think some guys in the league ever take that for granted? Have you ever had moments like that?
“I try not to, for one simple reason: I know this is going to end. This roller coaster is going to end one day. Ever since I've been in the league, I've been thinking that. But I see guys taking it for granted. It's easy to just forget reality.”
Are you always on time? That is not the case with all athletes.
“I can't say I'm never late, but I try my hardest to try to respect other people's time. I think sometimes — and people do this to guys — but we get put on a pedestal so we tend to forget that we're just like the next person. Years of hearing that you're the best, you're this or that, subconsciously you start believing that (stuff). It's hard for young guys to differentiate all the smoke they're blowing … with reality.”
Do you worry about your body, your health, down the road?
“I do. I think about it all the time. That's why I say I don't want to play for 15 years. I want to be able to do all the things my dad wasn't able to do. In the Haitian community, they didn't really play sports. I had to go play basketball with my friends from the suburbs. I want to be that dad. I want to be able to go play ball with my son when I'm 40.”
Is it cool to be at this point where you're playing for others? Early in your career you're mostly playing for yourself, your own ego, but it seems you're playing for something bigger.
“Yeah, but it's a lot of pressure, too. The more you play, financially it puts you in a better position, but it's a lot of pressure. And I don't even tell my wife these things, but when you're going through a slump during the season, there's a lot of pressure because there are so many people who depend on you. You don't want to let those people down.”
You have money. It's a nice problem to have, trying to figure out what to do with your time, right?
“No question. People are like, ‘Why don't you sit back and do nothing?' Who wants to do that? You have to have a purpose. I heard this from a veteran guy: You need a purpose to wake up and get out of the house. You have to have a purpose to do something every day.”
It's hard, too, because you're learning this stuff while you're still playing.
“And you only have a certain part of the year — the offseason — to learn it. Outside of that, if you're taking classes during the season, you're probably not playing too well and you're probably going to need those classes next year if you're not careful. It's a fine line. I think that's our problem as athletes. We don't want to think about it ending, because we feel like if we think about it, it will be fast and right on you. So a lot of guys just don't think about it.”
Staying in the present
Avril is having his best season in Seattle, with 3.5 sacks in eight games. At times he pleads ignorance about the Seahawks' opponent the following week or the standings. It seems strange and even a little cliché, because how could he not look at those things when we spend all week doing nothing but looking at them?
But Avril is not lying. He has lasted eight years in the league by blocking out the long view, even while keeping the long view in mind.
The authors present case histories indicating that a number of patients find cannabis (marihuana) useful in the treatment of their bipolar disorder. Some used it to treat mania, depression, or both. They stated that it was more effective than conventional drugs, or helped relieve the side effects of those drugs. One woman found that cannabis curbed her manic rages; she and her husband have worked to make it legally available as a medicine. Others described the use of cannabis as a supplement to lithium (allowing reduced consumption) or for relief of lithium's side effects. Another case illustrates the fact that medical cannabis users are in danger of arrest, especially when children are encouraged to inform on parents by some drug prevention programs. An analogy is drawn between the status of cannabis today and that of lithium in the early 1950s, when its effect on mania had been discovered but there were no controlled studies. In the case of cannabis, the law has made such studies almost impossible, and the only available evidence is anecdotal. The potential for cannabis as a treatment for bipolar disorder unfortunately can not be fully explored in the present social circumstances.
SF marks the very middle of town, more or less
X — actually, it's a piece of brass — marks the spot surveyors have determined is the center of San Francisco. X — actually, it's a piece of brass — marks the spot surveyors have determined is the center of San Francisco. Photo: Connor Radnovich, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Connor Radnovich, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 19 Caption Close SF marks the very middle of town, more or less 1 / 19 Back to Gallery
It took some doing, but the greatest minds in town have figured out, within a millimeter, exactly where the precise geographic center of San Francisco is located.
It's on a sidewalk in the 700 block of Corbett Avenue, a few paces west of upper Market Street.
Maybe.
“This is the spot,” Mohammed Nuru, director of Public Works, said Wednesday as he eyed the bit of sidewalk where his surveyors had just installed a brass marker after taking a series of complex measurements with a $35,000 geopositioning gizmo mounted on a tripod.
The brass marker says “Geographic Center” in tiny letters. Next to it, on the concrete, the surveyors wrote, “Geographic Center of City,” in big blue letters and drew a large orange arrow directing all eyes to the disc so no one would mistake the geographic center of San Francisco, located on a quiet residential street near an elementary school playground, for the center of anything else.
But why?
“It's important to know where the center of the city is,” Nuru said, although when asked to explain why, he said he didn't really know. After thinking it over, he suggested that once you know where the center is, you can tell how far some other place is from it, although he added that he didn't know what that was good for, either.
Figuring out where to put the brass disc, said head surveyor Bruce Storrs, was plenty complicated.
“One way you could do it is to cut out a map of San Francisco on a piece of paper and see exactly where it balances on the point of a pencil,” Storrs said. “That's not the way we did it.”
Storrs said he had trained his doo-hickey on no fewer than 11 navigational satellites — five of them Russian — and used the information in conjunction with the official coordinates of the city's boundaries. For the record, the precise center of San Francisco is 37° 45' 16.3502” north latitude by 122° 26' 33.1594” west longitude.
Sort of.
Moving target
The trouble with that method, Storrs said in a low voice, is that the city's boundaries are something of a matter of opinion. If you include Treasure Island as part of San Francisco, which it is, then the center moves east. If you count the Farallon Islands as part of San Francisco, which they are, then the brass disc might have to be installed in the Pacific Ocean.
“Where it would sink,” said Storrs.
And during high tide, San Francisco has a different land mass than it does at low tide. That means the brass disc, technically, must always be on the move.
But a close examination of the location of the brass disc revealed a more troubling problem. When a reporter suggested it seemed a happy coincidence that the center of San Francisco was conveniently located in the middle of a sidewalk instead of on private property or an otherwise inaccessible place, Storrs lowered his voice even more and pointed to a clump of bushes on a hillside 30 feet due west.
“That's the actual spot,” he said.
Storrs said the surveyors, following the earnest suggestion of their boss Nuru, had elected to install the disc on the Corbett Avenue sidewalk instead of in the bushes.
“It's close enough,” Storrs said, words not often heard from a surveyor.
Nuru acknowledged his surveyor's account with a smile.
May not last
He said the city might soon install a fancier monument in honor of the spot, seeing how indescribably important a place it is. Storrs said that could be because brass surveyor's markers, which are essentially attached to the ground with glue, have a way of being stolen. Fellow surveyor Michael McGee said he expected the new brass disc to be gone soon, which was fitting for such a shifty location as the precise center of San Francisco.
“I'd give it about six weeks,” McGee said.
It was then that Dwayne Williams walked by on his way to work. He did not realize he was passing the sort-of geographic center of San Francisco until someone pointed it out to him, and he bent down to look at the marker.
“That's kind of cool,” he said. “It's one of those weird things that are nice to know. I like weird things.”
Steve Rubenstein is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com
5 Wisconsin 3, 23 Minnesota 0
Sports Pavilion • Minneapolis • Attendance: 4,018
Box Score | Box Score
Oct. 15, 2014
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. -- It was a Border Battle that wouldn't disappoint, as the No. 5 Wisconsin volleyball team swept No. 23 Minnesota Wednesday night following a third-set nail-biter at the Sports Pavilion.
The 25-16, 25-19, 30-28 triumph marks the first time the Badgers (15-2, 6-1) have won at Minnesota (13-5, 3-4) since 2007. The victory also extends Wisconsin's Big Ten winning streak to six.
Fast Facts • Badgers win at Minnesota for first time since 2007 • Wisconsin marks sixth straight win in Big Ten play • Lauren Carlini records 11th double-double of the season with 34 assists, 18 digs
Senior Ellen Chapman led the Badger offense with 12 kills, tallying double-figure kills for the 10th time this season. Freshman Kelli Bates and senior Courtney Thomas followed suit, recording 10 and nine kills, respectively. Wisconsin hit .279 (47 kills – 13 errors – 122 attempts) on the night, while the Gophers hit .103 (38-23-145).
Sophomore Lauren Carlini put up 34 assists and 18 digs in the match, recording her 11th double-double of the season to lead both the team and the Big Ten.
Chapman set fire to the Badger offense in the first set, as her back-to-back kills and service ace pushed the squad to an early 6-1 lead. The rest of the Wisconsin hitters joined her, as three different Badgers put away kills in the next six points to extend the UW lead to 10-4.
The Gophers fought back, combining two UW attack errors with four kills of their own to go on a 5-1 run, narrowing the UW advantage to 11-9. But Wisconsin continued to attack from all sides, as senior Dominique Thompson, Nelson, Chapman and Thomas each tallied kills to propel the team to an 18-11 lead.
UM rallied on a kill and two UW service errors to cut the lead to 21-16, but those would be the last points Minnesota would score as Chapman soon sent her fifth kill of the set to the floor to set up a UW set point at 24-16. Junior Taylor Morey then sealed the 25-16 set victory with her first of two aces on the night.
Chapman led the Wisconsin attack in the first set with five kills as the team hit .286 (15-5-35). UW showed strength on the defensive front as well, outdigging the Gophers 18-13 to help keep UM to a .081 (8-5-37) attack percentage.
Minnesota also had a tough night at the service line, recording three of the team's nine service errors in the first set.
The second set started in similar fashion, as Wisconsin claimed the first four points on two blocks and two Minnesota mistakes. Chapman continued her domination at the net, tallying two straight kills to raise the UW lead to 6-3. The Gophers retaliated with three consecutive putaways to knot the score at 6-6, but the Badger hitters claimed five of the next six points to regain a comfortable lead.
Both teams committed a string of errors midway through the second set, including three attack errors and a faulty serve for the Gophers and an attack error and service error for UW. With the scoreboard showing 18-13, Morey served her second ace of the night to begin a 4-0 run for the Badgers that included back-to-back Badger blocks.
Trailing 24-17, the Gophers fought off two set points, but impressive defensive play by Wisconsin held off the Minnesota attack until UM's Santana Daly struck the ball wide to give the Badgers the 25-19 victory.
The Badgers continued to swing hard in the second set, compiling a .219 (10-3-32) hitting percentage as Thomas and Chapman led the squad with three kills each. The Gopher offense had a harder time in the second game, hitting a negative -.021 (10-11-47).
Carlini and Morey contributed nine and eight digs in the second set, respectively, while the Badgers put up four blocks to complete the strong defensive effort.
Minnesota refused to go down without a fight, claiming four of the first five points in an intense third set that saw 15 ties. The conference rivals battled at the net, alternating kills until a Badger block followed by a UM mishit left the score tied at 6-6.
The back-and-forth battle continued for the next 10 points, but the Badgers decided they had had enough. With the scoreboard reading 12-10 in favor of UM, Wisconsin went on a 6-0 streak with Nelson, Chapman and Thomas all contributing kills.
The Gophers responded with a 5-0 run of their own, rallying behind four kills and a block to retake the lead, 19-18. Bates put away three strikes in the next four points, pushing the score to its eighth tie of the set at 21-21.
The crowd at the Sports Pavilion grew louder with every tied score, as Thomas found a hole in the Gopher defense to set up Wisconsin's first match point at 24-23. Coming out of a timeout, UM reclaimed the lead with a kill and block to set up its first set point.
The teams continued to alternate points, as UW held off two more set-winning opportunities for Minnesota. With the score balanced at 28-28, Bates sent home her 10th kill of the match to set up a third match-point opportunity for Wisconsin. The third time was the charm for the Badgers, as Thompson sent a bullet to the floor of the UM side to award UW the 30-28 triumph.
Minnesota showed improvement in every category in the final set, upping its attack percentage to .213 (20-7-61) and outblocking the Badgers 3.5-3. UW also increased its attack percentage, hitting .309 (22-5-55) in the third game. Wisconsin ended the match with four aces and nine service errors.
The conference rivals have only a few days to regroup, as the Badgers return to the UW Field House for another Big Ten showdown against the Gophers Saturday at 7 p.m.
More children equal more carbon dioxide emissions. And recent research has resulted in renewed coverage of the notion that one of the cheapest ways to curb emissions in coming decades would be to provide access to birth control for tens of millions of women around the world who say they desire it. A study by researchers at the London School of Economics and commissioned by the Optimum Population Trust came to the following conclusion:
Contraception is ‘Greenest' Technology U.N. data suggest that meeting unmet need for family planning would reduce unintended births by 72 per cent, reducing projected world population in 2050 by half a billion to 8.64 billion. Between 2010 and 2050 12 billion fewer “people-years” would be lived – 326 billion against 338 billion under current projections. The 34 gigatons of CO2 saved in this way would cost $220 billion – roughly $7 a ton [metric tons]. However, the same CO2 saving would cost over $1trillion if low-carbon technologies were used. (Here's a link to a pdf of the report.)
I recently raised the question of whether this means we'll soon see a market in baby-avoidance carbon credits similar to efforts to sell CO2 credits for avoiding deforestation. This is purely a thought experiment, not a proposal. But the issue is one that is rarely discussed in climate treaty talks or in debates over United States climate legislation. If anything, the population-climate question is more pressing in the United States than in developing countries, given the high per-capita carbon dioxide emissions here and the rate of population growth. If giving women a way to limit family size is such a cheap win for emissions, why isn't it in the mix?
A related story from the archives.
common name: land planarians
scientific name: Bipalium kewense Moseley and Dolichoplana striata Moseley (Tricladida: Terricola)
Esser (1981) discussed land planarians in Florida. He stated that in almost every month of the year, specimens of gray to brown, long flat worms, with several dark stripes running down the back, were submitted to the Nematology Bureau for identification and information concerning their biology. These worms were land planarians, included in the phylum Platyhelminthes. Almost all specimens submitted belonged to the genus Bipalium.
The land planarian Bipalium kewense Moseley was first described from a greenhouse at Kew Botanical Gardens near London, England, in 1878. This species is believed to be native to Indo-China, and has been commonly found in American greenhouses since 1901.
Figure 1. A land planarian, Bipalium kewense Moseley. Photograph by P. M. Choate, University of Florida. Figure 2. Adult flatworm, Dolichoplana striata Moseley. Photograph by P. M. Choate, University of Florida.
Bipalium kewense exhibits a disjunct distribution pattern. In Australia and the U.S., a similar pattern of occurrence is evident. Records also include Barbados, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Indonesia, Madagascar, Malaysia, Mauritius, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Tahiti, Taiwan and Zimbabwe. The species appears to be dispersed with rooted plants. The natural range of Bipalium kewense extends from Vietnam to Kampuchea, possibly extending to Malaysia. Elsewhere it has been introduced by humans. Land planarians thrive in high temperature and humidity, thus they are widely distributed in tropical and subtropical areas.
In the U.S., they have been detected in natural habitats in Florida, Louisiana, and most recently in southern California, Georgia, North and South Carolina, and Texas. They have been reported in greenhouses in Alabama, California, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Tennessee. Land planarians had not been previously detected in mountain or desert areas. However, in October 2003, a sample of land planarians was brought to the Cochise County, Arizona, Cooperative Extension Service office for identification. Cochise County is a high desert (4000 ft+) grassland area between the Chihuahuan and Sonoran deserts (Gay 2003). This species is spreading northward along the Atlantic Coast and is able to endure freezing when in protected sites such as under boards. (Hyman 1940).
It is unknown whether a September 2004 discovery in an outdoor habitat in Massachusetts indicates an established population or a temporary one that will die off during the winter (L. Novak, personal communication). In May 2005, they were reported from Nashua, New Hampshire (McClarin 2005), and Hawaii (Fleck 2005). In April 2006 and March 2008, specimens were reported from Novato and Richmond in California's San Francisco Bay area (Guinard 2006, Campbell 2008).
The widespread occurrence of land planarians is a result of horticultural practices and dispersion of potted plants in commerce. In tropical and subtropical areas, once planarians are established in a greenhouse they disperse to the adjacent environment.
Land planarians are soft, bilaterally symmetric, acoelomate, dorsally-ventrally flattened worms, 3 to 50 cm long by 0.2 to 0.5 cm wide. They lack a respiratory and circulatory system, a skeleton, and an anus. The heads of many land planarians are expanded lunate or tapering to a blunt point. Eyespots may be present on the head. Colors of Florida species range from greenish-gray to brown with dark narrow stripes on the dorsal side. A mouth, which also serves as an anus, is present near the mid-body on the ventral surface. A protrusible muscular plicate pharynx serves as a feeding organ and is attached to a three-branched intestine. The space between organs is filled with parenchyma. Circular and longitudinal muscles are present. A cerebral ganglion serves as a brain, innervating a ladder-shaped nervous system. Excretion of fluid wastes is accomplished with a primitive proto-nephridial system (Esser 1981).
Hyman (1943) described Dolichoplana striata Moseley. "Length up to 120mm. Form very elongated and flattened. Ground color yellowish brown with 6 longitudinal dark stripes, paired median, lateral, and marginal. Median stripes are very narrow and may be absent in young specimens. Lateral stripes are very conspicuous, black, sharply defined, beginning at level of eyes and continuing to posterior tip. Marginal stripes are less dark, diffuse, ill defined, fading away posteriorly. Creeping sole white, bordered on each side by diffuse pigmentation."
Bipalium kewense is recognized by its pale color, dorsal dark median line, dark patch in neck region, and expanded lunate head. This species may attain lengths up to 30 cm. (Chandler 1974).
Reproduction and Development: Reproduction is principally by fragmentation at the posterior end. Lateral margins pinch in about 1 cm from the tail tip. Severance occurs when the posterior fragment adheres to the substrate and the parent worm pulls away. The posterior fragment is immediately motile, and within seven to 10 days a lightly pigmented head begins to form. One to two fragments are released each month.
Bright red eggs are deposited in 0.6 to 9.7 cm cocoons. Within 24 hours the cocoons turn black. Planarians emerge in approximately 21 days.
Habitat: Because land planarians are photo-negative during daylight hours and require high humidity, they are found in dark, cool, moist areas under objects such as rocks, logs, in debris, or under shrubs, and on the soil surface following heavy rains. Land planarians are also found in caves, but are rare in rural sites. Movement and feeding occur at night. High humidity is essential to survival. They can survive desiccation only if water loss does not exceed 45 percent of their body weight. Land planarians are most abundant in spring and fall.
Dundee and Dundee (1963) reported Bipalium kewense as being plentiful enough in New Orleans to be used as demonstration material in zoology classes.
Locomotion: Land planarians glide smoothly on the substrate by the action of powerful, closely spaced cilia in a special medial ventral strip (creeping sole), on a thin coat of mucus secreted on the substrate by glands opening into the creeping sole. Land planarians that migrate on plants or objects sometimes regain the ground by lowering themselves down by a string of mucus.
Nutrition: Land planarians devour earthworms, slugs, insect larvae, and are cannibalistic. Prey are located by chemoreceptors located in a single ciliated pit under the head or in a ciliated ventral groove. Struggling prey are held to the substrate and entangled in slimy secretions from the planarian. The pharynx is protruded from the mouth and into the prey. Food is reduced to small particles prior to entering the gastrovascular cavity. The food particles are taken up by epithelial cells in amoeboid fashion and formed into food vacuoles. Planarians store food in digestive epithelium and can survive many weeks by shrinking slowly in size without feeding. They can use their own tissues, such as reproductive tissue, for food when reserves are exhausted.
Figure 3. Planarian (A.) attacking earthworm (B.). Illustration from Esser 1981.
Planarian Enemies: Other animals rarely devour land planarians, since surface secretions appear distasteful, if not toxic. Protozoans, including flagellates, ciliates, sporozoans, and nematodes have been detected in land planarians. Because of their cannibalistic habit, land planarians may be their own worst enemy.
Planarians are voracious predators of earthworms, and two species, Bipalium kewense and Dolichoplana striata Moseley, have been reported as nuisances in the southern U.S. in earthworm rearing beds. (Hyman 1954, Dunn, personal observation 1997) Two additional flatworm species, Artioposthia triangulata and Geoplana sanguinea, were accidentally imported to Ireland and England. They were reported as being capable of eradicating entire earthworm populations on farms. In greenhouses, although some collectors believe they might damage plants, planarians are considered harmless.
Figure 4. Planarian, Bipalium kewense Moseley, feeding on earthworm. Photograph by P. M. Choate, University of Florida.
In daylight look for flat worms (sometimes with expanded heads) under rocks and logs where cool, damp areas exist. Slime trails are telltale evidence of land planarians, but might also indicate slugs or snails. In worm beds, look for land planarians attached to earthworms by mucus membranes.
DOJ To Reporter: We Can Prove You're Wrong, But We Want To Embarrass You, So We'll Wait
from the that's-not-how-it-works dept
Over at Cryptome today there's an absolutely incredible exchange between the Justice Department's Brian Fallon (from the Office of Public Affairs -- basically a PR guy) and Brad Heath, an investigative reporter from USA Today. Heath had sent the DOJ a FOIA request to the DOJ's Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) asking basically whether or not the OPR had been involved in any investigation concerning the recently declassified FISA Court order, about how the NSA had misled the FISA court and abused its capabilities repeatedly. It certainly seems reasonable to try to find out if the DOJ then investigated those abuses and the NSA's misrepresentations to the FISA court.
The DOJ claimed that there were no responsive documents -- which even by itself is quite incredible. Heath appears to have then followed up with Fallon at the DOJ to seek comments. Fallon's response by itself is stunning:
I have an answer from OPR, and a FISC judge. I am not providing it to you because all you will do is seek to write around it because you are biased in favor of the idea that an inquiry should have been launched. So I will save what I have for another outlet after you publish.
You are not actually open-minded to the idea of not writing the story. You are running it regardless. I have information that undercuts your premise, and would provide it if I thought you were able to be convinced that your story is off base. Instead, I think that to provide it to you would just allow you to cover your bases, and factor it into a story you still plan to write. So I prefer to hold onto the information and use it after the fact, with a different outlet that is more objective about whether an OPR inquiry was appropriate
You can't seriously ask me not to publish something on the basis of information you won't share
Basically, this is the DOJ giving the middle finger to Heath, telling him that they have answers to his questions, but won't give them to him in order to purposely try to makelook bad by giving those quotes to someone else. Heath, quite reasonably, responded that he's been perfectly patient in waiting for an answer, but if none is forthcoming, he'll write the story as he has it (which, from the FOIA request, suggests that the DOJ did absolutely nothing about the NSA's abuses and misrepresentations to the FISC).Fallon responds that he's "done negotiating" and claims that he "will work with someone else afterwards explaining why what you reported is off base." So, not only is the DOJ not answering the reporter, it's telling the reporter that the reporter has incorrect information but the DOJ refuses to correct the reporterHeath points out that he's not "negotiating" he's just asking for answers to basic questions. And then the real issue comes out in the DOJ's reply:Yeah. The DOJ is saying that it has answers to a reporter's questions, which it knows adds to the public debate about the DOJ's response to the NSA's activities, but because it's trying to, it won't share the info with him. This is incredible. It's a clear move by the DOJ to try to silence the press with an effective threat: "if you agree not to publish your article, then we'll explain why we did what we did. If you do publish your article, we'll make you look foolish."This is incredibly childish and unprofessional behavior by Fallon and the DOJ. Remember how this is supposed to be "the most transparent administration in history"? Apparently the DOJ thinks that only means "we'll be transparent if you only agree to write nice stuff about us." That's not how it works.Heath points out that Fallon is wrong -- if Heath just wanted to publish the story he would have done so already, without waiting for a comment from the DOJ. And then he points out the obvious:Either way, this seems to highlight (once again) how the federal government, and especially the DOJ, views journalists these days -- especially investigative journalists. It will do anything possible to intimidate them into not publishing stories that might embarrass the administration. That's not transparency, it's thuggery and intimidation.
Filed Under: abuse, brad heath, brian fallon, doj, fisc, journalism, nsa, nsa surveillance, transparency
In the hours after Newsweek claimed to have discovered the identity of the mystery-shrouded creator of the bitcoin cryptocurrency – pointing fingers at a 64-year-old retired engineer named Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto – a gaggle of reporters showed up on the man's lawn in Southern California. And when he hopped into a blue Toyota Prius with one reporter, the rest of them piled into their own cars and chased him through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, desperate to get the story behind the myth of bitcoin's founding father.
But those at the heart of the bitcoin community responded quite differently. The lead developer of the software that drives the bitcoin system was angry that Newsweek had gone after this man and his family, publishing his license plate number and a photograph of his house, and many others agreed. Even before the Associated Press reported that Dorian Nakamoto had denied any involvement with the digital currency, the bitcoin faithful were sure that Newsweek was mistaken. At the online discussion forum Reddit, one person immediately pointed out that at approximately the same time that bitcoin was released, Dorian Nakamoto was online writing letters to a model train magazine. "I don't think it's him," bitcoin enthusiast Fred Friis told us soon after the Newsweek story broke, with no further explanation.
>Bitcoin is – by design – a leaderless project. The digital currency runs best that way
The bitcoin community has now rejected the Newsweek article because so much evidence has piled up against it. But underpinning the immediate and categorical rejection of Dorian S. Nakamoto is another phenomenon: Bitcoin is – by design – a leaderless project.
The digital currency runs best that way. Though many are curious about the real identity of the man who founded the project under the name Satoshi Nakamoto, many are also very comfortable with his anonymity. In fact, this anonymity has become an essential part of bitcoin's evolution. If bitcoin exists to manifest the libertarian ideal that money can be exchanged far from the prying eyes of governments and corporations, then the anonymous Satoshi – too smart to ever be ID'd, too cool to even spend his estimated $400 million in bitcoins – is the real-world John Galt.
Bitcoin's public ledger of digital transactions doesn't exist in any one place. It exists everywhere on the network. Bitcoin works by consensus. The Bitcoin Foundation's Gavin Andresen (who now says he regrets talking to Newsweek about the story) may be the closest thing that bitcoin has to a leader, but if the bitcoin miners don't like the software he and his team of bitcoin hackers create, they don't have to install it. "It's peer to peer. It's open source. It's consensus-driven. And I think the idea that there's any one person that's a leader or a controller is antithetical to the nature of bitcoin," says Jean-Jacques Cabou, a partner with Perkins Coie, a law firm that advises many bitcoin companies on regulatory issues.
No Julian Assange, Please ————————-
Bitcoin, the money of choice for anarchists, has managed to become an $8 billion currency without any identifiable leader. And without its own version of Julian Assange or Linus Torvalds, criticisms about bitcoin naturally become focused on the code and on the people building businesses on top of it. That's the point of bitcoin. With bitcoin, you don't have to trust anyone. You can just trust the code. The epic failure at Japanese bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox is an illustration, not a rebuttal, of that idea. Gox failed because its customers had to put their faith in the company, but the bitcoin network itself was untouched.
Two years ago, a bitcoin fan named "Myrtlewood," put it this way when people were trying to identify Satoshi: "I hope we never find out who Satoshi is. Men are weak, ideas are bulletproof."
As blogger Timothy Lee has pointed out, having an overly strong Bitcoin founder could create uncertainty about bitcoin's technical future. A strong leader "would have been a liability in bitcoin's early years," he writes. "As bitcoin's creator, Satoshi Nakamoto would have had a unique ability to change the rules of the game and get the bitcoin community to accept the changes." This sort of thing could still undermine the digital currency. At the moment, the bitcoin system will eventually stop making new currency, and no central authority – no government, no Fed – can come in to make more, a move that would devalue bitcoins. But what if the leader returned? What if he called for an expansion of the currency, acting as a de facto Fed chairman?
What's more, if Satoshi is identified, it could cause extreme personal problems for this individual – as the events of yesterday and today have shown. Reporters are still camped out on Dorian Nakamoto's lawn this morning. A publicly identified Satoshi could be the subject of civil lawsuits or regulatory inquiries. "It's very easy to get sued once people know who to sue. Whether there's merit to the suit is another question," Cabou says. And with the real Satoshi controlling an apparent $400 million in online currency, he could also be targeted by criminals here in the real world.
Deja Vu All Over Again ———————-
As yesterday wore on, the bitcoin masses only became more convinced that Newsweek was mistaken. They complained that the man Newsweek had fingered as bitcoin's creator seemed more like a crank than a crypto-genius. The man in Los Angeles appeared to be a guy who was obsessed with model trains and free lunches, who wrote badly written reviews of double-edged razor blades and Danish butter cookies, and who, during his two-hour interview with the AP, repeatedly and mistakenly referred to the world's most popular digital currency as "bitcom." And, most of all, they didn't believe that the founder of bitcoin would have used his real name in starting the project.
Curiously, that's a premise that Newsweek itself was forced to simultaneously accept and reject in its reporting. The "trail followed by Newsweek led to a 64-year-old Japanese-American man whose name really is Satoshi Nakamoto," Newsweek reports, glossing over the fact that Nakamoto had changed his name to Dorian Prentice Satoshi Nakamoto back in the 1970s. If Dorian Nakamoto wanted to use his real name, why not put Dorian Nakamoto on the original bitcoin paper?
Either way, this isn't what people who know bitcoin would expect of the currency's true founder. Bitcoin's Satoshi Nakamoto was someone who had divulged almost no personal information about himself – who has not spent any of his bitcoin fortune because that could give researchers a way to identify him. "I would never have expected that his real name was in fact Satoshi Nakamoto," said Sergio Lerner, a security expert who investigated some of the early online activity of bitcoin's founder, writing via email. "This does not match with the degree of anonymity he was trying to keep."
"This Newsweek article is no more, or less, credible than other articles supposing to find Satoshi," says noted bitcoin developer Jeff Garzik, also via email. "It offers zero credible evidence that he designed bitcoin."
Garzik is right. Newsweek's evidence is pretty weak. Tracked to his Temple City, California, home, Dorion Nakamoto never actually admitted any involvement in bitcoin to Newsweek's reporter, Leah McGrath Goodman (she didn't respond to our requests for comment). Hounded by reporters, Dorian Nakamoto eventually told the Associated Press that he hadn't heard of bitcoin until three weeks earlier, when his son was contacted by a reporter. Online, there's a donation fund that aims to buy Dorian Nakamoto some trains to compensate him for the media horde that has descended on his front lawn for two days running.
In some ways, we're just repeating history. Dorian Nakamoto isn't the first person to be fingered as bitcoin's creator. In a 2011 New Yorker piece, Joshua Davis suggested that Satoshi might be a Dublin researcher named Michael Clear. Shortly after Davis's story was published, a journalist named Adam Peneberg analyzed Satoshi's writing to conclude that Nakamoto was actually three people: Neal King, Vladimir Oksman, and Charles Bry. But these claims were mostly debunked.
By the end of the day yesterday, the bitcoin community had pretty much unanimously decided that Dorian S. Nakamoto was not the real Satoshi either. So the mystery remains. And Bitcoiners seem to like it that way.
Below: Watch Dorian Nakamoto deny that he invented bitcoin.
I read all the letters submitted to the Sunday Camera Open Forum with great sadness. We can all complain but there is no quick fix for the affordable housing, road building and other fiscal problems we face. The policies that led us here are 35 years in the making.
It was in the Reagan administration that less government began to be touted as the means to greater prosperity and, of course, the huge tax cuts to the highest tax brackets (from 70 percent to 28 percent — the largest tax cut in history). The concept of "trickle-down economics" which Reagan initiated has only worked to fill the pockets of the rich and in ever greater levels of greed and income inequality has rendered the middle class and even poorer folks unable to sustain themselves. "Less government" has also meant that public entities at all levels from city, county, state and nationally have received so little funding that they cannot maintain education, social services, law enforcement or even those traditional governmental functions such as road building and maintenance.
As I said, these are not problems that can be fixed overnight. It is high time, I think, to give the ideas of Bernie Sanders and others like him some serious thought. We need to make moves, enact laws to change the balance of income distribution by reducing the benefits accorded to such people as bankers, CEOs of large corporations and hedge-fund managers and enhancing the benefits to the rest of the population in this richest and most powerful country in the world.
Diane Baron
Boulder
Well into the age of streaming, we're still hearing from a few musicians – most of them promoted and even employed by the tech sector – that we live in the best of all possible worlds. Some resent the new arrangement, where they earn pennies from Spotify or Pandora plays, but don't want to antagonize what's left of the music industry. Journalists often hear from new streaming services that claim to be “artist friendly” despite their low royalty rates.
So it's refreshing when established musicians speak honestly about the current crisis. That's what we hear in Iggy Pop's recent speech in England, where he discussed the state of music, technology and capitalism, pointing out, "If I had to depend on what I actually get from sales I'd be tending bars between sets."
Advertisement:
The speech -- which took place just outside Manchester, at the Radio Festival in Salford -- was a memorial for legendary BBC DJ John Peel.
Pop joins others who've pointed out the grim terms of the current economy of music, like Camper Van Beethoven/Cracker singer David Lowery, who announced that Pandora paid him less than $17 for a million plays of the song “Low.” He and others have pointed out that YouTube, Grooveshark and the Pirate Bay pay even less than Spotify's rate ($0.006 and $0.0084 per stream, which goes typically to a label or publisher before finding its way, in reduced form, to the artist). Pop's old friend Lou Reed made one of his last public statements before his 2013 death about brand-sponsored piracy.
Meanwhile, recording industry revenues have been flat for the last few years at around $7 billion in the U.S., less than half what they were in 1999. (Recent figures show that no 2014 album has yet gone platinum in the U.S. as of last week.)
The former Stooge was especially tough on illegal downloading. "We are exchanging the corporate rip-off for the public one. Aided by power nerds. Kind of computer Putins. They just wanna get rich and powerful. And now the biggest bands are charging insane ticket prices or giving away music before it can flop, in an effort to stay huge. And there's something in this huge thing that kind of sucks."
Pop also spoke about electronic toys that "estrange people from their morals and also make it easier to steal music than pay for it," the excessively harsh punishments against students who file share, and the vitality of music on indie labels, and the value of Thom Yorke's recent release of an album on the BitTorrent service, which is associated with piracy. "But all pirates want to go legit, just like I wanted to be respectable,” he said. “It's normal. After a while people feel like you're a crook, it's too hard to do business. So it's good in this case that Thom Yorke is encouraging a positive change. The music is good. It's being offered at a low price direct to people who care."
The man born James Osterberg offered some criticism of Apple forcing the new U2 album on everyone. "The people who don't want the free U2 download are trying to say, don't try to force me,” Pop said. “And they've got a point." The Irish band, he says, has been caught “giving away music before it can flop, in an effort to stay huge.” (Though Bono has since chalked the free album up to “megalomania,” U2 guitarist the Edge responded to Pop's charge with: "I still think it was a great thing to do and most people thought it was great and really thought it was a generous act. And there are people who are offended that it ended up in their iTunes library but I think they're really in the minority.")
Advertisement:
The speech – which drew Jarvis Cocker, Tracey Thorn and members of the Smiths and New Order -- will be broadcast on BBC 4 on Sunday.
The NME covered the speech here.
EXPATRIATES who cannot participate in the EU referendum have vowed to give their children detailed instructions on how to vote.
Yesterday's supreme court decision means that many thousands of Britons living in Europe are unable to vote for Britain to leave Europe, which they have described as “sheer hypocrisy.”
Julian Cook, who moved from Manchester to the south of France, said: “Nobody knows what's wrong with the country better than we do because we've got the necessary distance.
“From here it's perfectly clear to see that entire cities are under Sharia law and criminals openly wield guns in the streets, which my daughter in Hemel Hempstead wilfully denies.
“Well, the PC police can't get to me here, and her vote is my vote. I call her nightly explaining why voting yes is a betrayal of England that will see her name live in infamy forever.”
“Also I tell her how wonderful and sunny it is here and how much better the food is. I know she can't hear that too much.”
Image caption Our faces betray a range of emotions; the thermal sensor even detects changes in blood vessels
A sophisticated new camera system can detect lies just by watching our faces as we talk, experts say.
The computerised system uses a simple video camera, a high-resolution thermal imaging sensor and a suite of algorithms.
Researchers say the system could be a powerful aid to security services.
It successfully discriminates between truth and lies in about two-thirds of cases, said lead researcher Professor Hassan Ugail from Bradford University.
The system, developed by a team from the universities of Bradford and Aberystwyth in conjunction with the UK Border Agency, was unveiled today at the British Science Festival in Bradford.
This new approach builds on years of research into how we all unconsciously, involuntarily reveal our emotions in subtle changes of expression and the flow of blood to our skin.
We give our emotions away in our eye movements, dilated pupils, biting or pressing together our lips, wrinkling our noses, breathing heavily, swallowing, blinking and facial asymmetry. And these are just the visible signs seen by the camera.
Even swelling blood vessels around our eyes betray us, and the thermal sensor spots them too.
Real-world test
Traditional lie detection depends on the venerable polygraph, first developed in 1921, a much more invasive apparatus with a set of wires attached to the skin. This new device promises non-invasive, even covert truth tests in real time.
"We bring together all this well-established work on expressions, these recent developments in thermal imaging, techniques for image tracking of subjects and our new algorithms into one operational system," said Professor Ugail.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A computer programme is used to monitor tiny changes in facial expressions
So far, the team has only tested its lie detector on willing volunteers rather than in a real-life, high stakes situation. Later this year, though, they plan to deploy it in a UK airport, probably running alongside experienced immigration officers as they conduct security interviews. The algorithms can then be tested against the verdicts of these officers.
"In a real, high-stress situation, we might get an even higher success rate," noted Professor Ugail, who believes he'll eventually be able to detect around 90% of those who are lying, which is similar to the performance of the polygraph.
The researchers acknowledge, though, that these tests can never be 100% accurate.
What they detect are emotions, such as distress, fear or distrust, and not the act of lying itself. Fear can sometimes be the fear of not being believed rather than the fear of being caught.
Gaza's first start-up incubator, Gaza Sky Geeks, has announced an open call for businesses, organizations, and individuals to submit their project ideas and coders in Gaza will build them for free.
Newly trained coders with the group will work on six winning project ideas. They are seeking to practice their skills before moving on to professional gigs with paying clients.
There's a bit of a buzz behind Gaza Sky Geeks, as it's become an anchoring institution to the besieged strip's emerging high-tech scene. During my time in Ramallah they were referenced frequently and warmly by young entrepreneurs in the West Bank.
The organization was founded in 2011 with seed money from Google. Last year Al Jazeera reported the group expanded from funding start-ups to training ‘female geeks' as young as 12 years old to code.The group has also hired staff to mentor and outreach to women in Gaza, and has made closing the gender gap part of their raison d'être.
If you have a million dollar app in mind, contact the geeks and ask them to create your idea here.
BILL O'REILLY: Many Americans, including this one, believe Barack Obama's emotional attachment to the Muslim world has hurt the USA. There is no question the Obama administration's greatest failure is allowing the Islamic terror group ISIS to run wild, murdering thousands of innocent people all over the world, including many Muslims. Mr. Obama has never, never acknowledged that mistake, nor does he define the ISIS threat accurately. That group is killing innocent people in order to impose a radical version of Islam on the world. The jihad is solely based on theology, perverted as it may be. President Obama, as we all know, will not even use the words Islamic terrorism. Again today when telling the nation that America will maintain eight-thousand troops in Afghanistan, the president did not accurately describe the situation there, putting forth that it was more about politics than Islamic terror.
[…]
But they are not just militants and terrorists. They are Islamic-driven killers who protected al Qaeda before the 9/11 attack. Yet the President of the United States does not define the terror issue clearly. Here's why. Barack Obama's father, who abandoned his family, was a Muslim who eventually turned atheist. Then his mother married another Muslim, moving young Barry to Indonesia, where he was exposed to the Islamic world even though he did attend a Catholic school in first grade. According to his half-sister, Barack Obama attended his half-brother's wedding in the early 1990s. Malik Obama was a Muslim. The Factor has obtained pictures allegedly from that wedding, which we believe was held in Maryland. Details on the ceremony, the exact location, whether the reports that Barack Obama was the best man are very difficult to verify at this point. What we can tell you with certainty is that Barack Obama has deep emotional ties to Islam.
In typical Blu fashion, he drops an unannounced album via his Bandcamp. The 14-track album is entitled UCLA, a collaboration project with legendary producer Madlib. It features MED, Jimetta Rose, Jack Space, Lil Stoney, CO$$, and more. To expect anything less than extraordinary bars over noteworthy production would be stupid. There was some word of this project back when blu's track "EZ" surfaced but we thought it would never see the light of day, guess we were wrong. The entire project can be streamed after the jump, you like what you hear? Then purchase it . Download Link Below. Check It Out And Enjoy *UPDATE* These are Madlib's beats – however, he never worked with Blu on these tracks, and did not authorize his work to be used.
15. Dodger Stadium
Download: Blu & Madlib – Dodger Stadium
10. We Got It (Feat. Co)
Download: Blu & Madlib – We Got It! (Feat. Co$$)
07. Ez
Download: Blu & Madlib – Ez
04. Funky Cowboy Meets The Funky Drummer
Download: Blu & Madlib – Funky Cowboy Meets The Funky Drummer
SEOUL, South Korea — North Korea appears to have resumed work at its nuclear test site after a perplexing series of volleyball matches were held there, according to analysts who studied satellite images of the site, renewing concerns that a major weapons test could be imminent.
Many observers had feared that North Korea would test a nuclear device at the site around April 15, the birthday of Kim Il-sung, the North's founding president and the grandfather of the current leader, Kim Jong-un. But Mr. Kim's government celebrated the day instead with a military parade in Pyongyang, the capital, during which a fleet of missiles is rolled out, including what analysts believed were never-before-seen long-range ballistic missiles.
North Korea carried out a missile test on Sunday, but it was considered an embarrassing failure, with the projectile exploding immediately after liftoff.
But North Korea is preparing to celebrate another major holiday this coming week: Tuesday will be the 85th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People's Army, and the North often uses such occasions to show off its military advances.
A former diplomat, Colin Robertson is vice-president and fellow at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute.
'Beware of Greeks bearing gifts" is advice that Canadians should heed on U.S. legislation permitting the bulk purchase of pharmaceutical drugs from Canada for the U.S. market.
At a time when we are about to renegotiate our preferred access for people, goods and services, it makes no sense for Canada to involve itself in this very American controversy.
Story continues below advertisement
Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders is the driving force behind a bill in the U.S. Senate aimed to give Americans "Canadian" prices for their prescription drugs. A similar bill was defeated in January (52-46) but not on the usual Democrat versus Republican partisan lines. A dozen Republicans, including senators Ted Cruz, Chuck Grassley and John McCain, voted for the measure.
Americans spend more per capita on health care than anyone else in the world – $9,451 (U.S.), according to the OECD (the comparable figure for Canada is $4,727). Donald Trump and the Republicans were elected, in part, on their promise to abolish Obamacare, and their recent spectacular failure in the House of Representatives only underlines the challenges around U.S. health care.
Groups of American seniors crossing the border to buy drugs or having prescriptions filled in Canada and then sent to them in the United States – this also accommodates Canadian snowbirds – has long been a feature of cross-border "trade." This will continue. But Canada is not the solution to the United States' drug-pricing controversy.
Our pharmaceutical industry – innovators and the generics – is stretched providing for the Canadian market. Last year, Health Canada introduced regulations requiring drug manufacturers to report on anticipated and actual drug shortages. There is even a website – Drug Shortages Canada.
Involving ourselves in this American problem would not serve Canadian interests. Given that many of the prescription drugs that Canadians consume are manufactured elsewhere, Canada would simply be a trans-shipment point.
The failure of Canadian authorities to inspect for counterfeits in goods trans-shipped through Canadian ports is a continuing irritant to the United States. With the opioid epidemic in the United States (a problem also in Canada), there is also concern that Canada would become a back door for international drug smugglers. The bulk transfer of pharmaceutical drugs makes no sense. As with the prohibition on the bulk transfer of our water, Parliament and provincial legislatures should act now to prevent wholesalers from exporting drugs in bulk from Canada.
With aging populations in both Canada and the United States, there is only going to be more demand for drugs and biologics that improve and sustain life. This is where Canada and the United States should be co-operating.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
It is estimated that, with research, clinical trials and licensing by governments, it takes eight to 11 years and costs almost $3-billion to bring a drug to market. The creators, mostly private companies, deserve a fair return on their investment but pricing must be fair as consumers and their legislators will intervene, as illustrated by the EpiPen controversy.
Innovation is a Trudeau government priority. Innovative Medicines Canada says that there are more than 500 new products in development supported by more than $1-billion in annual research and development. Genome Canada and its provincial partners are making a difference employing using new approaches, such as Open Science, involving the sharing of data and samples.
If health care in the United States is the most expensive in the world, Canada's is also costly – about 11 per cent of our GDP. Every provincial government is engaged in efforts to bring down health care, which absorbs about 40 per cent of their budgets. More attention needs to be devoted to outcomes. This will require hospitals and health-care professionals to share data and then crunch them so we can see what is working and what can be improved. This is another area where co-operation with the United States makes sense.
In the meantime, let's not risk our reputation and our own supply to address a "Made in America" problem that must be fixed in America. Mr. Sanders's "Trojan horse" should be emphatically rejected and the sooner the better. Canada has much bigger stakes in play with our American neighbours.
In March, President Obama proposed a five-pillar plan to create a sustainable economic future for the children of this country. Among his proposals for education:
Invest in Early Childhood Education
Obama would like to quadruple funding for Early Head Start and increase funding for traditional Head Start as well. Obama's proposal will emphasize infant care and early day care. The ultimate goal of the investment is voluntary, universal pre-school for all American children.
Reform No Child Left Behind
Obama has proposed additional funding for the failed NCLB program. Other plans include new assessment methods to track student progress and an improved accountability approach that will provide assistance to struggling schools.
Invest in Charter Schools
Obama would like to provide more funding and support for the creation of successful charter schools. Other plans include shutting down struggling schools and improving accountability among all charter schools.
Recruit and Reward Teachers
Obama has suggested new scholarship programs that will encourage more people to become teachers. Other proposals include salary increases, merit pay for teachers, mentoring programs and various incentives to retain more qualified educators.
Address the Dropout Crisis
To address slipping graduation rates, Obama would like to invest in intervention programs for middle school students. The programs will include mentoring, intensive tutoring and parental involvement.
Make College Affordable
To make college more affordable and attainable for the average American, Obama has suggested a major change to the financial aid process. The change will eliminate the unwieldy FAFSA and make it much easier to apply for student aid.
Mr Branson yesterday vowed to try and rebuild his Caribbean home in time for his daughter's December wedding, although he admitted that some guests may have to sleep in tents.
The Virgin tycoon declared that he could not imagine giving away Holly, 29, anywhere else but on the same private beach where he married her mother, Joan in 1989.
He described the moment the sun rose over the charred remains of the Great House on Necker Island as “surreal and haunting” just hours after flames ripped through the property when it was struck by lightning during a tropical storm.
But he kept spirits up by disclosing that he had run naked into a cactus bush as he rushed to help evacuate the property in the middle of the night.
The businessman said work to rebuild the house would begin as it was safe to do so.
“We have a wedding to celebrate in December and I can't imagine giving my daughter's hand in marriage, to the very lucky man (!) who is her fiancée (sic) Freddie Andrewes, anywhere other than on Necker Island beach,” he wrote on his blog.
“We would love to get the house rebuilt in time but we know there is so much work to be done. Simply put we suspect that there may be slightly more tents for the wedding guests on the beach now but Holly and Freddie's wedding will definitely still happen here!”
Miss Branson and Mr Andrewes, a ship broker, were among the guests who managed to escape unharmed when the Great House went up in flames at around 4am on Monday morning.
Kate Winslet, the Oscar-winning actress, who was there with her children Mia, 10 and Joe, seven, was credited with saving Sir Richard's mother Eve, 90, by carrying her from the burning villa in gusts reaching 90mph.
The tycoon, his wife, Joan, and son, Sam, 25, were staying at a neighbouring property.
Sir Richard, 61, said the group had spent the rest of the night camped our under duvets and blankets sharing memories of the house which he built in 1982, a year after buying 74-acre Necker in the British Virgin Islands, for around £200,000.
“There were a few tears – the shock finally hit my son Sam in the middle of the night when he realised what could have happened,” he said.
“But there were also lots of giggles, not least when I tried to get some sympathy for the fact that I'd jumped out of bed naked and rushed to the Great House in pitch darkness and hurricane force winds and ran straight in to a cactus bush – the sympathy was not forthcoming for my injuries!”
He said he had offered to get everyone off the island but that no one had wanted to leave.
Sir Richard said the overriding emotion was relief that everyone had escaped unharmed and that “special hugs” had been given to Winslet's children whom he described as “real troupers and two of the bravest kids” he had ever met.
Eric Smith (Photo: Provided photo (2014) , Provided photo (2014) )
For the seventh straight time, child killer Eric M. Smith has been denied parole.
Smith, who was convicted of killing 4-year-old Derrick Robie in Steuben County in August 1993, went before the parole board on Friday. The state Department of Corrections and Community Supervision on Monday announced that the three-member board has again denied Smith's parole.
PDF: Smith's parole board interview
The parole board said the "serious and brutal" crime is more compelling than Smith's clean disciplinary record, positive prison programming and release plans.
The board also noted "significant community opposition" to Smith's release from prison.
Smith, now 34, is in the maximum-security Collins Correctional Facility in Erie County, about 25 miles south of Buffalo where he is serving nine years to life in prison.
He was 13 when he lured Derrick Robie into a wooded area near the boy's Savona home. Derrick was walking alone to a summer camp at a nearby park. Smith strangled Derrick, smashed his head with a rock and sodomized him with a stick.
His lawyer at the time tried to persuade a jury that Smith suffered from a mental disorder, but Smith was convicted of second-degree murder and sentenced to nine years to life in prison.
Smith was housed in a juvenile facility until 2001, when he was transferred to state prison.
He is eligible for parole every two years and was first denied parole in August 2002. Smith is next scheduled to appear before the parole board in April 2016.
VFREILE@DemocratandChronicle.com
Twitter.com/vfreile
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1iN83q4
When the U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter laid out the Pentagon's new cybersecurity strategy this week, few were expecting it to break news. And, indeed, his talk at Stanford's Hoover Institution on Thursday offered no surprises. But the secretary did set up an expectation during his speech on which he ultimately failed to deliver.
Carter talked about the need for the government to be more transparent about its cyber capabilities, in particular, its shadowy capabilities. "DoD must do its part to shed more light on cyber capabilities that have previously been developed in the shadows," he said.
This sounded a lot like a prelude to discussing the government's offensive operations. Was Carter going to finally admit the U.S. role in Stuxnet, the sophisticated digital weapon that the U.S. reportedly developed with Israel to sabotage centrifuges used in Iran's uranium enrichment program? Was he going to talk about the government's purchase and use of zero-day exploits to attack adversaries or the fact that it was using zero-days long before it had a policy about how or if they should be used? Or maybe he'd address the controversy over Flame—an espionage tool, reportedly created by the U.S. and Israel, that used a digital certificate from Microsoft to trick targeted computers into thinking it was legitimate software from the software giant, thereby undermining customer trust in Microsoft's security update system?
The answer, it turns out, was none of the above. Instead of discussing this and other offensive operations, Carter's reference to shadowy capabilities turned out to refer to the government's shadowy defensive capabilities. In particular, the tactics a "crack team of incident responders" used to trace the recent breach of a DoD unclassified network to Russia.
"[T]oday," Carter said right after mentioning the government's shadowy capabilities, "I want to share an example we just declassified that will help illustrate the cyber threat we face and what we do about it…. Earlier this year, the sensors that guard DoD's unclassified networks detected Russian hackers accessing one of our networks. They'd discovered an old vulnerability in one of our legacy networks that hadn't been patched."
The revelation, about the breach of an old, unpatched system on an unclassified network, was no revelation at all, however. What's more, Carter's disclosure of the breach provided no information about "shadowy capabilities" or how the government concluded that Russia was behind the attack, thereby undermining his assertion that the Pentagon aimed to be more transparent.
Carter did mention the government's cyber offensive operations—though only vaguely. "[O]ur third mission is to provide offensive cyber options that, if directed by the President, can augment our other defense systems," he said. He also warned that "adversaries should know that our preference for deterrence and our defensive posture don't diminish our willingness to use cyber options if necessary. And when we do take action—defensive or otherwise, conventionally or in cyberspace—we operate under rules of engagement that comply with domestic and international law."
Though this at least touches on the topic, it still lacks the details transparency requires. Admittedly, there was a little more detail about the government's offensive operations in the official cybersecurity strategy (.pdf) the Pentagon released in conjunction with Carter's speech. This document, which lays out the government's cyber strategy for the next five years, officially describes the circumstances under which the government might launch an offensive cyber operation.
"There may be times when the President or the Secretary of Defense may determine that it would be appropriate for the U.S. military to conduct cyber operations to disrupt an adversary's military-related networks or infrastructure so that the U.S. military can protect U.S. interests in an area of operations," the document reads. "For example, the United States military might use cyber operations to terminate an ongoing conflict on U.S. terms, or to disrupt an adversary's military systems to prevent the use of force against U.S. interests. United States Cyber Command (USCYBERCOM) may also be directed to conduct cyber operations, in coordination with other U.S. government agencies as appropriate, to deter or defeat strategic threats in other domains."
It also discusses when attacks on U.S. commercial systems might merit a government response. “As a matter of principle, the United States will seek to exhaust all network defense and law enforcement options to mitigate any potential cyberrisk to the U.S. homeland or U.S. interests before conducting a cyberspace operation,” the document asserts.
The new doctrine also touches on—though in broad strokes only—the parameters of such operations.
"To ensure that the Internet remains open, secure, and prosperous, the United States will always conduct cyber operations under a doctrine of restraint, as required to protect human lives and to prevent the destruction of property," it states. "Any decision to conduct cyber operations outside of DoD networks is made with the utmost care and deliberation and under strict policy and operational oversight, and in accordance with the law of armed conflict. As it makes its investments and builds cyber capabilities to defend U.S. national interests, the Defense Department will always be attentive to the potential impact of defense policies on state and non-state actors' behavior."
While these statements represent a rare acknowledgement that the government has and will continue to engage in cyberwarfare and cyber offensive operations, it falls short of being transparent. All of the most controversial aspects of the government's cyberwarfare activities have been left unaddressed. What's more, the public learned more about the government's policy on offensive cyber operations from a presidential directive leaked by Edward Snowden than from this official release. Presidential Directive 20, published by the Guardian in 2013, lays out the government's policy on what it calls "Offensive Cyber Effects Operations," and describes scenarios for attack that aren't necessarily responsive to an imminent threat but are merely done to advance U.S. interests.
According to that document, the government "can offer unique and unconventional capabilities to advance US national objectives around the world with little or no warning to the adversary or target and with potential effects ranging from subtle to severely damaging."
It further notes that the government will "identify potential targets of national importance where OCEO can offer a favorable balance of effectiveness and risk as compared with other instruments of national power."
And the Snowden document touches on the possibility of conducting cyber actions inside the US. These would generally occur only with the prior approval of the president, except in cases of emergency.
In short, the government's new strategy on cybersecurity and its new policy of transparency with regard to its shadowy capabilities is still very opaque.
Leonard Fournette had the best debut by a Jacksonville Jaguars running back in franchise history. That's saying a lot considering that Fred Taylor and Maurice Jones-Drew were among the NFL's top backs during their playing careers with the team.
Fournette ran for 100 yards and a touchdown on 26 carries in the Jaguars' 29-7 victory over the Houston Texans at NRG Stadium, making him the first Jaguars running back to surpass 100 yards in their first NFL game. In fact, Fournette is just the fourth Jaguars rookie running back to rush for 100 or more yards in a game.
"I thought he played well. I thought he was good after contact. I thought he's good in his routes. I've been saying that all during camp," said Jaguars coach Doug Marrone. "Being able to catch the ball and make things happen. I think he's a tough runner. Every time you see the pile, the pile's going forward. I think he's got to do a good job of not letting people get to him, letting people poke at him afterwards and things of that nature. He's just got to stay focused and stay in his game."
The Jaguars' offensive line, which had struggled throughout the preseason, did a good job of neutralizing the Texans' defensive front and gave Fournette plenty of creases to exploit. Fournette did the bulk of his work in the first half, carrying the ball 17 times and catching three passes for 24 yards. He scored his touchdown on fourth-and-goal from the Texans' 1-yard line, finishing the run by driving his helmet into the chest of linebacker Brian Cushing at the goal line.
"Basically, it was really a mind thing today. I know everyone was talking about how great their defense was, but I believed in my offensive line," said Fournette. "Each and every day at practice, I tell them we can do it. Just give me a couple of seconds and I'm going to take it. They did a great job for me and an excellent job overall. It was kind of shocking to everybody [outside the organization] that they were blocking so well."
In addition to Taylor (the franchise's all-time leading rusher) and Jones-Drew (second on the team's all-time rushing list), T.J. Yeldon also ran for more than 100 yards twice in 2015. Taylor did it six times in 1998, and Jones-Drew did it twice in 2006.
Fournette's longest run was 17 yards, but it was his ability to elude potential tacklers at the line of scrimmage and avoid negative plays that was the key to his success.
"I think that gives him a boost of confidence. We've never really seen him run. We got to see him in preseason once against New England Patriots. We knew he was a good back, but I hadn't really seen it and he came out today and he showed the world what type of football player he is," Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles said.
The Jaguars drafted Fournette fourth overall after a three-year career at LSU in which he ran for 3,830 yards and 40 touchdowns. Fournette left the Tigers with 23 school records, including rushing yards per game (119.7) and consecutive 100-yard rushing games (nine).
Portland police and the family of a Portland man who hasn't been seen for nearly a month are asking for the public's help in locating Sebastian H. Kelley.
“If anyone has any information on the whereabouts of my cousin Sebastian Kelley please contact us!” his cousin Samantha Kelley said on her Facebook page. “All of his family and friends are very worried about him. No one has seen or spoken to him since June 17 and we are very concerned about his health and safety.”
A description on the Portland Police Department's Facebook page says Kelley, 30, is 5 feet 11 inches tall and weighs 200 pounds. He has brown eyes, black hair that is partially balding, and could have a beard and mustache. He has tattoos on his right wrist and forearm, and a tattoo on the left side of his neck with the words “Willow Grace.”
Police said Kelley was last seen on June 17 in the area around Gilman Street. Anyone with information regarding him should contact the department's detective division at 874-8524.
Share
filed under:
Holding on is being brave, but letting go and moving on is often what makes us stronger and happier.
Here are ten signs it's time to let go:
And the one thing you should never let go of is hope. Remember what you deserve and keep pushing forward. Someday all the pieces will come together. Unimaginably good things will transpire in your life, even if everything doesn't turn out exactly the way you had anticipated. And you will look back at the times that have passed, smile, and ask yourself, “How did I get through all of that?”
Photo by: Kelsey
Read an introduction to the series by Alexis Madrigal and follow the responses from our panel of climate-policy experts.
With a bang in Copenhagen and a whimper in the U.S. Senate, the 20-year effort to deal with global warming by capping emissions and putting a price on carbon has come to an end. In the wake of the crash, climate advocates have advanced a range of ideas about how to move forward. Some suggest that a scaled-back version of cap-and-trade, focused only on the utility sector, might work. Others say we need a carbon tax that refunds all its revenue to the public. Still others insist that we must build a stronger political movement to overcome the opposition of climate skeptics and fossil fuel interests.
Unfortunately, most of these strategies only dress up the failed solutions of the last several decades in new clothing. In order to move beyond these unsuccessful strategies, climate advocates must come to terms with why those efforts have failed. Doing so requires abandoning many deeply held assumptions that have informed climate policy and advocacy for decades.
To start, we must acknowledge that current technology is insufficient to significantly reduce emissions. Today's low-carbon technologies are simply too expensive and too difficult to scale; they do not yet represent a viable alternative to fossil fuels. Wind energy, the cheapest renewable technology, still costs 50 percent more than coal or gas, according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency.
Because low-carbon technologies cost so much more, no political economy in the world has been willing to raise fossil energy prices high enough to make renewable energy cost-competitive at any scale that matters. In his scrupulously researched new book, The Climate Fix, the political scientist Roger Pielke, Jr., our colleague and a senior fellow at the Breakthrough Institute, calls the unwillingness of governments to sacrifice economic growth for global warming the “iron law of climate policy.”
The iron law tells us that the basic math of global emissions will only become more unforgiving. As countries like China and India develop, they will demand ever-greater supplies of cheap energy. Global energy use will likely double or triple over the next 50 years, even if we use energy much more efficiently. If developing countries can't get energy from cheap low-carbon sources, they will get it from fossil fuels.
While the iron law of climate may seem obvious, many on the left continue to reject it, insisting that turning up the volume with dire warnings of climate apocalypse and civil-rights-style protests can overcome the basic technological and economic obstacles to action. These efforts have only resulted in the intensification of the climate wars and increased the polarization of the issue.
Coming to terms with these realities will require answering a raft of questions. If campaigns based on the dangers of global warming don't work, how can we build a different kind of political consensus for action? Given our increasingly polarized political culture, where are the opportunities for bipartisanship? How do we reduce carbon emissions in the absence of high carbon prices and what strategies can accommodate developing countries' overriding need for inexpensive energy?
In the end, all questions—whether political or economic—return to questions of technology. What will it take to develop energy technologies that are clean, cheap, and abundant? If private firms are unlikely to make sustained investments in the development of those technologies, what role should the public sector play in undertaking those activities? How do we ensure that such efforts will improve the cost and performance of energy technologies, rather than simply subsidizing the production of more of the same?
At the Breakthrough Institute, we've long championed energy innovation and technology investment as the central strategies to address climate change. This approach is consistent with America's historically bipartisan commitment to economic prosperity and geopolitical security and our long tradition of investing in new technologies that have remade American life for the better.
A technology-first policy is not the same as a technology-only one. Better and cheaper energy technologies are a precondition for successful caps or carbon taxes, not a substitute. This is, in fact, how the United States tackled past pollution challenges like acid rain and ozone depletion: First we created low-cost alternatives, and then we implemented regulations to require their widespread adoption.
But this is just one strategy. No doubt there are other ways to answer the pressing questions raised by cap-and-trade's failure. Climate Next panelists and readers: What strategies do you see succeeding in the post-Copenhagen world? How might we go about achieving them?
Read the panelists' responses here.
This story was produced by Slate for the Climate Desk collaboration.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
One of the most exciting games of B.E.A.S.T 5 converted to jazz music.​
How to Watch
Twitter
Brackets
Streams: GeekyGoonSquad and BYOController
Schedule
Day 1 (Saturday, February 18)
Time (PT) Event
10:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. Singles Round 1 Pools
10:00 a.m - 7:00 p.m Doubles Pools
20:00 p.m - 11:00 p.m Singles Round 2 Pools
Day 2 (Sunday, February 19)
Time (PT) Event
10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Doubles Top 32
1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. Doubles Top 8
4:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. Singles Top 32
7:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m. Singles Top 8
​
Who To Look Out For ​
Although their most recent set was a blowout in Armada's favour, a year ago the Swedish duo split grand finals at B.E.A.S.T 6.​
The last time Ice and SFAT played was a high stakes rematch from Genesis 3 top 8 where Ice demonstrated his improved resilience and mentality.​
The Moon has shown his ability and mentality to be too much for top Europeans in the past - but it has been close.​
Achieving 5th place at UGC went a long way to improving Prof's perceived skill among the community.​
As European players like Trifasia get more experience with the pressure of top level play, these last hit scenarios might more often work out in their favour.​
A quick look into Slox the Melee player.​
Excellent, tight sets between Over and The Moon in France.
​
Armada and Android of Team Alliance are the reigning doubles champs after victory at Genesis 4, but they might only be barely favourites versus team Leffen and Ice.
​
This was one of only two sets Professor Pro dropped to fellow UK players last year.
​
Returning to the theme of Melee as jazz...
​
The main issue with the first-gen variant of the Mi Power Bank was that it took too long to charge up the battery, but two-way fast charging allows you to top up your phones quickly (up to 15W), and charge up the power bank when it runs out of battery at 18W.
Alongside phones, Xiaomi makes a wide array of accessories, and today the manufacturer rolled out several new products in India. Notable among the additions are two new power banks with two-way fast charging — the 10000mAh and 20000mAh variants of the Mi Power Bank 2.
Mi Power Bank 2
The 10000mAh Mi Power Bank 2 features an anodized aluminum housing, and comes with nine layers of circuit chip protection to ensure it doesn't fry your gadgets, including temperature protection, input/output overvoltage protection, output overcurrent protection, and hardware-level short circuit protection.
The 10000mAh Mi Power Bank 2 costs ₹1,199, and will go up for sale on Mi.com and at Xiaomi's Mi Home retail store in Bangalore starting June 20. You'll be able to pick it up on Amazon and Flipkart starting July 7.
See at Mi.com
Xiaomi is also rolling out an updated variant of the 20000mAh Mi Power Bank that retains its ABS plastic housing and textured pattern. The power bank can charge two devices simultaneously, and has the same circuit-level protection as the 10000mAh Mi Power Bank 2.
The 20000mAh Mi Power Bank 2 will retail for ₹2,199, and you can pick it up at Mi.com and at Mi Home starting June 20. It'll similarly be up for sale on Amazon and Flipkart starting July 7.
See at Mi.com
Mi Bluetooth Speaker Mini
The Mi Bluetooth Speaker Mini is a puck-sized device that runs off of Bluetooth 4.0. The device produces sound that belies its size, and there's a built-in microphone with noise reduction tech that lets you take calls. The device comes in at just 58g, and offers four hours of battery life on a full charge.
Xiaomi says that the exterior of the Mi Bluetooth Speaker Mini goes through a series of manufacturing steps to achieve its smooth finish. The speaker will be available in gold and grey for ₹1,299, and you'll be able to purchase it from Mi.com and Mi Home starting June 21. You can also pick it up from GearBest for just $12.
See at Gearbest
Mi Wi-Fi Repeater 2
Finally, Xiaomi's Mi Wi-Fi Repeater 2 is designed to boost Wi-Fi signal in your house. The device has two built-in high performance antennas, and can handle up to 16 connections. It'll suggest the optimal Wi-Fi channels for faster download speeds, and you can pair it to the Mi Home app to identify Wi-Fi dead zones in your house.
The Mi Wi-Fi Repeater 2 works with most routers available in the market today, and you can pick it up for ₹999. It'll be going up for sale on Mi.com and Mi Home starting June 20.
See at Mi.com
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
Rosco's elderly owner is 'ecstatic' after social media appeal helped to trace him.
Found safe: Rosco will be returned to his owner later this week.
A puppy stolen from an elderly man's garden has been found after a social media appeal went viral.
Leonard Ormond's nine-month-old Border terrier was snatched from outside his Dundee home by two men last month.
The frail 82-year-old was in his living room when he noticed a grey van pull up beside his garden fence on Napier Drive.
Thinking the men were charity workers, he went to his front door to speak to them but by the time he got outside they had driven off and his pet Rosco was nowhere to be seen.
The theft sparked an extensive social media campaign, with one Facebook post receiving 1.8 million hits.
Little Rosco, who was wearing a collar with an ID tag, was registered as stolen on his microchip and police launched an investigation.
Rosco, who has been a companion for Mr Ormond since his wife Muriel went into hospital in June, was located in the south of England this week after the appeal was given information.
Their son Gordon, who lives in London, is picking up Rosco on Thursday before travelling to Dundee to reunite him with his father.
He told STV News: "He's ecstatic. It's been quite traumatic, especially when he had been standing watching by the window and couldn't get out because he is too frail.
"Facebook was crazy - we had 1.8 million hits on one page alone, plus on the Missing Dogs pages.
"It's unbelievable how many dogs are getting stolen. There must be hundreds being taken every year. It's just shocking."
Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. Please tick the box below to confirm your subscription Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribed Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
Analysis Strengths Thick and strong with a frame to hold up against power players. Duck­-footed drive blocker after impact. Has enough power to generate push as base blocker and can jolt edge when pulling in short areas. Plus anchor. Held up against Leonard Williams early in 2014. See twists coming and can catch twister. Has radar to land his down block in sweet spot and seal off defender. Weaknesses Average initial quickness and below-average athlete. Can handle himself in small spaces, but struggles when asked to leave his property and block in space. Will likely miss his mark if block isn't on schedule and he's asked to adjust to a sudden change of direction. Draft Projection Round 6 or 7 Bottom Line Durables, NFL­-caliber build with average to below­-average feet, but above-average strength and anchor. Wichmann will be limited by his lack of athleticism and will need to find a home in a power­-blocking scheme that allows him to live in a phone booth and maul his opposition. -Lance Zierlein
HARRISBURG, Ill. (AP) — A southern Illinois man has been charged in connection with his estranged wife's disappearance.
On Wednesday, 56-year-old Brian Burns of Harrisburg was arrested and charged with two counts of first-degree murder and one charge of concealment of homicidal death. He's accused of shooting his wife, 49-year-old Carla Burns, and then burning her body and spreading the ashes in an attempt to cover up the crime.
Court records show Carla Burns sought a restraining order against Brian Burns because she feared his alleged verbal abuse would become physical.
Brian Burns is being held on $1 million bond. It wasn't immediately known if he has an attorney who can comment on his behalf.
Authorities haven't released details on the missing woman's remains or what led them to suspect her husband.
IDubbbzTV takes on Ricegum in a new Content Cop video. Is there a clear winner?
IDubbbzTV, a popular satire channel on youtube, has released a new video in his Content Cop series. Content Cop videos by iDubbbzTV(AKA iDubbbz or Ian) are the epitome of logical, yet humorous, takedown videos. The success of the series can be linked to iDubbbz unique style of comedy that melds anti-political correctness, factual evidence and shock humor. These videos are so popular that they basically ended the career of a youtuber known as Leafy. It was only a matter of time before a video was released on another large youtuber.
On September 18, 2016 Ricegum published a video message for iDubbbz asking for a Content Cop on him. Speculations made by RiceGum about the video included insults about appearances, bullying and other topics. Little did RiceGum know he was about to take a hard hit from iDubbbzTV.
Using the format of the seven deadly sins, iDubbbz attacked RiceGum for his jokes about a rape victim, throwing someone's phone, recording someone without their knowledge, and his unwillingness to credit his ghostwriter, amongst other things. The Content Cop was perfectly ended with a diss track from iDubbbz. Youtubers such as H3H3Productions, Jacksfilms, and Pewdiepie made appearances in the diss track to further show the amount of people who dislike RiceGum. The use of these youtubers in the video could be one of many factors that caused the video to go viral.
Four days later RiceGum released his official response video. Attempts to undermine iDubbbz's criticism included an insensitive use of the rape victim. He invited her to his house to apologize once again, an apology that seemed obviously acted out, and then had her dance on a pole while he shot dollar bills at her. Three days later the official diss track against iDubbbzTv, called "Frick The Police," was up for the public. Using "gay" as the main insult in the track, RiceGum slammed iDubbbzTV for being obsessed with him.
IDubbbzTV was quick to respond with another video called Content Deputy, a series whose job is to respond to the response of the Content Cop. This is only the second Content Deputy, the first being against Leafy. Does iDubbbzTV think he effected RiceGum's career like he did Leafy's? Content Deputy was used after the Leafy response, but not after the first seven Content Cop videos. Leafy was the only channel almost completely destroyed by the videos which is one reason a Content Deputy was made.
A popular news youtuber, Philip DeFranco, thinks that neither one lost. Looking at it from a numbers perspective he found that while RiceGum was losing subscribers, he was actually gaining money because he published five separate videos on the topic versus iDubbbzTV's three videos on the subject. However, iDubbbz was also doing well because he gained over 500,000 new subscribers due to this series of videos.
Maybe neither youtuber won, maybe one did, or maybe no one did. The only thing certain is that both youtubers are now able to capitalize on this drama.
Subjects
The subjects were recruited through advertisements in the popular media and presentations at preschool programs. Sugar-sensitive children were identified on the basis of reports by their parents.
Two cohorts of children were studied concurrently. One group consisted of 23 children of primary-school age (6 to 10 years) reported by their parents to respond adversely to sugar, and the other group consisted of 25 normal preschool-age children (3 to 5 years of age).
Design
Table 1. Table 1. Diet Sequences for Two Subjects in a Latin-Square Design for Experimental Diets with a Random Distribution of Sham Diets.
The study protocol was approved by the University of Iowa Committee on Research Involving Human Subjects. The subjects and their families were placed on a different diet for each of three consecutive three-week periods. One of the three diets was high in sucrose with no artificial sweeteners, another was low in sucrose and contained aspartame, and the third was low in sucrose and contained saccharin (the placebo). All diets were essentially free of additives, artificial food coloring, and preservatives. Two of the diet sequences are shown in Table 1.
The children, their families, and the research staff were kept unaware of the sequence of the diets. This blinding was reinforced by visible changes made weekly in the diets (sham diets), but the sweetener was changed only every third week. Families were informed that the diets would change weekly and were given a list of the dietary components that were either varied or controlled. The parents were asked to identify the experimental variables each week, if they could.
Provision of Diets
Immediately before the beginning of the study, a dietitian supervised the removal of food from the children's home. During the nine-week study period, all foods were provided for the subject and his or her immediate family. Family members were allowed items not included in the diet when they were out of the home and away from the subject, and coffee and alcohol were allowed to remain in the home as long as they were not consumed by the children. The food was delivered in a van equipped to serve as a mobile testing laboratory. All food was removed from the home at the end of each week, and a new supply delivered. In addition, parents kept records of all food consumed by the subjects and were encouraged to report any deviations from the specified diet.
During each three-week diet period, foods were sweetened with sucrose, aspartame, or saccharin, depending on which diet was assigned for that period. Care was taken to keep the appearance of the sweetened products identical, regardless of the sweetener used. Sweetened foods included pure fruit juice, fruit, cereals, pudding, flavored yogurt, cookies, fruit toppings, and bottled carbonated soft drinks. The soft drinks were supplied by three national bottlers in unmarked but coded bottles; unsweetened fruit juice and unsweetened cereal were provided by two national distributors. Small amounts of saccharin were used to sweeten items, such as condiments, that were consumed in small amounts by the subjects during all nine weeks. The use of various food components popularly believed to influence behavior was kept to a minimum. These included artificial colors, artificial flavors, additives, monosodium l-glutamate, chocolate, and caffeine. Shortenings and oils used in the diets did not contain butylated hydroxyanisole or butylated hydroxytoluene, and the use of frozen meats and baked products treated with these antioxidants was kept to a minimum. The three sham diets consisted of abundant quantities of red and orange foods (diet A); beef and pork, with only raw fruits and vegetables (diet B); and chicken and fish, with only cooked fruits and vegetables (diet C) (Table 1).
Dietary Intake
Dietary intake was documented in diaries by the parents and reviewed weekly with the dietitian. Parents were taught how to estimate the amounts of food consumed, and each week they received seven diary sheets listing the daily menus. The study design imposed no restrictions on the quantity of each food consumed, and parents were asked not to restrict access to any food.
Compliance
To determine dietary compliance, 1 mg of ascorbic acid per milligram of aspartame was added to foods sweetened with aspartame, and 1 mg of riboflavin per 5 g of sucrose was added to foods sweetened with sucrose. These concentrations provide at least 10 times the recommended dietary allowances,9 with the amount excreted roughly proportional to the amount of sweetener ingested. Urine samples were obtained weekly and tested for ascorbate, riboflavin, and creatinine10-12.
Behavioral and Cognitive Measures
Table 2. Table 2. Cognitive and Behavioral Measures Administered Weekly.
The children were initially evaluated by means of a structured psychiatric interview with the parent (Diagnostic Interview Schedule for Children -- Parent Version),13 the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children -- Revised14 or the Wechsler Preschool and Primary Scale of Intelligence,15 and the Wide Range Achievement Test -- Revised16 (for school-age children only). At baseline and during each of the nine weeks of the study, the subjects were evaluated with behavioral and cognitive measures hypothesized to be sensitive to the effects of sweetener (Table 2). During base-line testing, children were oriented to the tests, and appropriate levels of difficulty were determined for the learning and academic tasks. This served to minimize the effects of practice during the study period. Motor activity was assessed with a solid-state device for measuring motion28. Five-second time sampling was used to assess behavior and activity levels during the performance of a writing or drawing task29. Several tasks (e.g., card sorting and academic tests) were too difficult to be administered to the preschool children. Children rated their mood and physical state on a visual-analogue scale20 adapted from a self-report measure used to assess the effects of stimulants in previous studies30. Measures were administered in the mobile laboratory each week on the same day of the week and at the same time of day. In addition, structured ratings of specific types of behavior were completed by the children's parents, the children's teachers, and research assistants (Table 2). For the preschool-age children, the teacher's rating was completed by a preschool teacher or a care giver other than the mother.
Biochemical Tests
Base-line biochemical tests included a fasting sucrose-tolerance test and fasting plasma amino acid analyses. Sucrose tolerance was calculated by determining blood glucose concentrations in samples drawn at 0, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, and 4.5 hours after a sucrose drink (1.75 g per kilogram of body weight). On the third, sixth, and ninth weeks of the study, postprandial blood samples for plasma glucose and amino acid analyses were drawn 2 to 3 hours after a meal and 30 to 60 minutes after the subject had drunk 250 ml (8 oz) of an uncarbonated beverage (providing 170 mg of aspartame, 30 g of sucrose, or 40 mg of saccharin). Plasma glucose concentrations were assessed by the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase method. Plasma amino acid levels were determined with automated amino acid analyzers (Beckman 121 MB; Beckman Instruments, Palo Alto, Calif.),31 and these calculations included the molar ratio of the plasma phenylalanine concentration to the sum of the concentrations of the other large neutral amino acids32 sharing its transport to the brain.
Statistical Analysis
The analysis was designed to evaluate a large number of possible effects. At the same time, it was important that significance levels not be set so conservatively that we would incorrectly accept the null hypothesis despite clinically important differences; for this reason, Bonferroni corrections were not applied. Similarly, multivariate analyses were not used because of concern about a reduction in the degrees of freedom and difficulty in handling selective missing data in such analyses. Separate repeated-measures analyses of variance were carried out for each dependent variable, and individual comparisons among the three treatments were made with Tukey's test, each at the 0.05 level of significance. Although this approach increased the chance of a type I error, it maximized our ability to detect any differences attributable to the sweeteners. The use of a counterbalanced Latin square design33 eliminated the possibility that practice or the sequence of the diets would account for differences in the cognitive or behavioral variables.
To increase the reliability of the cognitive and behavioral assessments, the three scores obtained for each dietary period were averaged, and these mean scores were compared by a repeated-measures analysis of variance. To detect possible cumulative effects, the results from the final week of each period were also compared. In addition, analyses of variance were performed to determine whether the sham diets had any influence on the cognitive and behavioral variables. Dietary intake was calculated for each treatment period and for each sham diet during that period. The intake of macronutrients, sweeteners, and vitamin markers was tabulated, and differences were evaluated with an analysis of variance.
To identify individual subjects who may have responded adversely to sugar or aspartame, the weekly scores for each of nine core neurobehavioral measures were ranked and examined to determine whether the poorest scores were clustered during a particular dietary period. This approach was considered preferable to setting a fixed cutoff point for differences (e.g., a 25 percent change) because of the wide variation in raw scores among the variables studied and in score levels at different ages.
0 Feds say Clyde Hill couple stole investment cash for lavish lifestyle
A Clyde Hill couple is charged with wire fraud for stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from investors to live a lavish lifestyle, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
According to federal investigators Sung Hong (aka Laurence Hong) and his wife Hyun Joo Hong (aka Grace Hong) used money entrusted to them to enrich themselves instead.
The couple was arrested at the house they are renting in the Clyde Hill. The FBI spent hours searching the home and were still there when a KIRO-7 crew arrived.
Investigators say the couple spent the money on an extravagant life by renting a 9,000-square-foot home in Clyde Hill and buying expensive cars, as well as a 45-foot yacht and expensive vacations. The couple spent $16,000 at a hotel in the Bahamas in January for a family vacation, according to court documents.
According to the complaint, the pair used their faith to get church members to trust them to invest. The name of their company is Pishon Holding LLC. One church invested $1million and lost $300,000 in a single trade, according to investigators, then the Hongs withdrew $150,000 for advisor fees.
The FBI was searching the house when a KIRO-7 crew arrived.
The couple lied about returns they were able to get on earlier investments and about their certifications and qualifications, investigators said.
The Hongs appeared in Federal Court Friday afternoon. The couple will be held until Tuesday when there will be a detention review. The couple's three young children are with care givers. According to charging documents many of the Hong's victims are in California.
Laurence Hong pleaded guilty to wire fraud in 2007, for stealing from a neighbor in Kirkland. Hong still owes $794,000 in restitution. Federal investigators say Hong changed the spelling of his first name from "Lawrence" to "Laurence" and went right back to committing fraud.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Albuquerque cyclist claims homeless harassed her on bike trail Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ALBUQUERQUE (KRQE) - An Albuquerque woman said she is being harassed while riding a popular bike trail that's going through what has become a homeless camp.
Police have been to the area before, but cyclists say as quickly as it is cleared out, new people move in, raising safety and health concerns.
"When I'm by myself, I brace myself for what's going to happen," Cyclist Sandra Knox said.
She said she has been reporting this problem area to the city for the past four months.
"I would say close to ten times, if not more," Knox said.
Where the North Diversion Channel bike trail goes under I-40, cyclists will often ride by needles and people camping up in the shadows above the trail.
"At one point, my husband and I had some sort of liquid thrown on us," Knox said.
She said she even called 911 when five homeless campers blocked the trail and tried to grab her handlebars as she rode by.
"They didn't say anything. They thought it was funny. I was scared," Knox said.
Things got worse on Monday.
"Cycling through as I came under the bridge, there was a man that was exposing himself and then tried to urinate on cyclists down below," Knox said.
Other cyclists are concerned too.
"It is imperative that the city maintain these a little better," Dee Burton said.
"It's probably not the safest way," said Hannah Miltenberger.
Cyclists said part of the reason the area is so concerning is that they are going around a blind corner, and they are not sure what they are going to run into.
"I just always keep on going. I try not to stop or anything," Miltenberger said.
Albuquerque Police said they worked there over the summer to connect the homeless with services.
"It is a huge public safety concern for us," said Celina Espinoza, an APD spokesperson.
APD said it will also look into working with other city departments on long-term solutions.
"We want everybody to feel safe especially on those trails," Espinoza said.
Knox wants the area blocked off to campers.
"I feel for these people. They don't have a home. It's an issue for our city, but again I want to be safe when I ride my bike here," Knox said.
After KRQE talked to APD on Tuesday, they checked it out. They said they found four people camping under the overpass and asked them to move out.
Police said they will be keeping an eye on the area.
Contents show]
History Edit
Joe Coyne began his career selling newspapers for only a penny, but he was soon caught stealing pennies. He now commits crimes which center around pennies. The giant penny often shown in the Batcave is a trophy of Batman's defeat of The Penny Plunderer. Though he is a classic adversary of Batman, he has recently been ret-conned out of Batman's rogue gallery. The giant penny has also been the focus of a ret-con and is now canonically known as an item that Two-Face attempted to use to crush Batman.
The Penny Plunderer's last known whereabouts were in Arkham Asylum. He wore a green suit and had orange hair. He made only one appearance.
Powers and Abilities Edit
None, but has some penny based gimmicks.
In other media Edit
Parodies Edit
Penny Plunderer was likely the basis for Cheapo, a villain on the short-lived adult cartoon series Stripperella. Cheapo wore a green suit and stole things of little to no value, favoring pennies as both objects to steal and as weapons. This was shown by his attempt to steal the world's largest imitation diamond and his attempt to drown his arch-enemy, the aforementioned Stripperella, in gigantic jar of pennies.
Starting in January, Google's Chrome browser will not allow you to install extensions that aren't hosted in Google's own Chrome Web Store.
While Google had recently increased its security measures for keeping malicious extensions out of Chrome by adding additional warnings and disabling silent extension installs, the team clearly felt that it had to go a step further to keep Windows machines safe. The leading cause of complaints from its Windows users, Google says, is still due to malicious extensions that override browser settings and change the user experience in unexpected (and undesired) ways. Given that these malicious extensions are virtually always hosted outside of the Chrome Web Store, the team has decided to simply shut down the ability to install extensions from third-party sites.
Users will still be able to do local installations during development and admins can use their Enterprise policy settings to allow their users to pre-install and allow certain extensions. This move also won't affect Chrome Apps.
For developers who need to migrate to the Web Store now, this move should be pretty straightforward. Most Chrome extension developers are probably using the store already anyway, so this shouldn't be too hard for most of them. The one thing they do have to do, though, is pay a $5 fee to sign up.
Getty Chief digital officer steps down from White House job over background check
White House Chief Digital Officer Gerrit Lansing was among the six staffers who were dismissed from the White House last week after being unable to pass an FBI background check, according to sources.
A source close to Lansing said the issue with the background check was overinvestments.
Lansing previously led the digital department for the Republican National Committee.
The background check, security questionnaire SF86, must be completed by White House staffers for positions that cover national security.
President Donald Trump's director of scheduling, Caroline Wiles, was also among the six staffers who did not pass the intensive FBI screening. She is the daughter of Susan Wiles, Trump's Florida campaign director. Caroline Wiles resigned Friday before the background check was completed.
She was appointed deputy assistant secretary before the inauguration in January. Two sources close to Wiles said she will get another job in the Treasury Department.
Lansing left Feb. 9; his official file says he left on his accord.
The intensive background check includes questions on the applicant's credit score, substance use and other personal subjects.
Ever since the early 1950s, long before the first " Men in Black " movie hit the silver screen in 1997, men dressed in identical b...
http://humansarefree.com/2013/12/the-real-men-in-black-complete-accounts.html
Real 'Men in Black' Accounts
Real 'Men In Black', captured by Hotel's CCTV in Canada, following a 2008 UFO report
1).
2).
But why?
But then there are the creepier MIB stories that emerge...
3).
Men in Black Team Drawing
This classic MIB story gets even stranger...
4).
5).
6).
7).
8).
9).
MIB: Still Alive And Kicking
Collectively, this tells me several important things:
a)
b)
c)
d)
In a misguided effort to raise the bar, we are depriving our children of many of the experiences they need to develop healthy, open minds, and a love of learning.
My high school oral communication class is a requirement for graduation, and Leo is repeating the class because he failed at his first attempt. Let me rephrase that. Leo is repeating the class because the first time he took it, he didn't try. He rarely turned in assignments. He didn't study for exams. And when he did give a presentation, he was usually winging it.
The second time around, things are different. Leo works hard, turns in his assignments, and gives solid, well-researched presentations. When I asked him about this change Leo responded, “I've decided to try this year. I think I might want to go to college, so I need to get my grades up.”
While I am proud of Leo's efforts and ambition, I am concerned, too. Leo is a junior, and his academic history certainly doesn't lend itself to college. It would be one thing for him to bring up his grade in my class; it would be another for him to recover all his lost credits and bolster his GPA enough to get into college.
“You know,” Leo continued, “I'm actually pretty smart. Up until sixth grade I had never made less than an A in any of my classes.”
This remark hit close to home. I have a sixth grader who has never made less than an A. Like Leo, he is funny, personable, and talkative. Could he end up like Leo?
“What happened?” I asked Leo. “When did you start becoming….ummm, not an A student? And why?”
“I dunno. By seventh grade, I was just tired. I just didn't care anymore. I just quit trying.”
At this point my stomach started to churn. Leo was really starting to remind me of my son.
Leo Isn't the Only One
I remember the night we took Johnny to his kindergarten open house. Wearing an enormous Spider-Man backpack and a giant grin, he marched into his classroom, eager to meet his teacher and his new friends. As we walked into the school building, he looked up at me and said, “Mama, I can't stop smiling.”
My heart broke a little. Like his older brother and sisters, Johnny had a fabulous childhood. While I homeschooled my two older kids, Johnny and his sister finger painted, played in the back yard, or snuggled in close and listened while we all read together. By mid-afternoon all four kids were usually outside playing.
But by the time Johnny was ready for kindergarten, circumstances had changed. All the older kids were enrolled in public school, and I had gone back to work full-time. Johnny was my first child to attend public school from kindergarten on. He would be the first to have such a long day at such a young age.
I felt a lump form in my throat as I looked around his classroom and saw rows of tiny tables and chairs, but not a single toy. Where was the little kitchen with the miniature pots and pans? Where were the blocks? The plastic zoo animals? The dolls? The toy trucks? Where were the play-centers?
Having red-shirted, Johnny was already six years old. But he was still just a little boy. Surely his days of play weren't behind him. Or were they? From the look of Johnny's classroom, he would be spending the majority of his days doing anything but playing. As he stood there beaming with pride and excitement, I wanted to cry. He would realize this soon enough.
Fast-forward six years, and Johnny sounds a lot like Leo. On the one hand, he's happy at school. He likes his friends, and he enjoys their time together at recess (all 15 minutes of it). Johnny thinks his teachers are cool. He rarely gets into trouble. He loves P.E.
On the other hand, he dislikes actual school—the lessons, the homework, the constant rigor combined with a classroom full of apathetic peers. By nature Johnny is inquisitive. He likes to learn. But the school day is hectic and exhausting. There's little time for enjoying what he's learned and even less time to enjoy being 12 years old. School has become a source of nearly constant frustration, and Johnny is tired. At the age of 12, Johnny is weary of school.
Academic Apathy Is An Epidemic
Johnny and Leo are hardly the exception. While most of my students don't have to repeat my class, many of them are also weary. If it were just my class, I might be tempted to assume I'm the problem and start looking for a new career. But I know from talking to students and colleagues that weariness and apathy are common. In fact, they are epidemic.
I have written about this in the past. We cannot avoid holding students, in part, responsible for their own learning. But what if the problem didn't exist? Or what if it was far less prevalent?
There has certainly been much attention paid to the problem. In fact, apathy has become a sort of cottage industry. There have been countless books, articles, and workshops, all written and designed to increase student engagement.
I believe we are over-thinking it. What makes me an expert on the subject? I have a master's degree in education and more than ten years' experience in the classroom teaching high school and middle school students. More importantly, I am the mother of four children who have been educated both at home and in public school. I am not sure that any of these credentials make me an expert, but one thing my experience as a mother and a teacher has taught me is that education needs fewer experts and more common sense.
After all, one of the goals of education is to teach our children to think. But thinking can't be taught. It has to be developed, and we develop thinking naturally—by being human and by doing the things humans do. We become thinkers by experiencing things.
This is where our schools and we as parents are often failing our children. In a misguided effort to raise the bar, we are depriving our children of many of the experiences they need to develop healthy, open minds, and a love of learning. While a return to some of life's (and education's) simple pleasures won't solve all of America's educational woes, I am convinced that these things would be a good starting point.
1. Give Children Back Their Childhoods
Our kids are increasingly busy. Often even very young children are enrolled in sports, enrichment programs, extracurricular activities, and academic preschools. We buy them games that do the pretending for them and electronics that do their thinking. For many kids, watching TV is a full-time job. Eager to keep them active and entertained, we are depriving children of the chance to enjoy once-common and important childhood experiences.
As parents, are we giving our young children enough time for free and creative play? Do they pretend? Are we reading to them? Singing to them? Do they get time to be quiet? To be silly? To be alone? Or is most of their time spoken for in activities and formal learning?
In our quest to give our children an advantage, too many of them are missing out on what it means to be a kid. A lack of play in early childhood can have a significant effect on a child's later ability to learn. With play on the decline, it's no wonder so many kids are mentally checking out by high school.
2. Make Learning Age-Appropriate
Since the twentieth century, America has moved away from a classical liberal arts education model to what some call a factory-model of education. In 2001 No Child Left Behind ramped up standards and increased the federal government's influence over local school districts. While No Child Left Behind and Every Student Succeeds Act, a new law enacted by President Obama in 2015, were both designed to close the achievement gap, many parents and educators have expressed concern that these measures have actually done more harm than good and effectively eliminated many treasured and effective childhood learning norms.
For example, memorization used to be a key part of early education. Under the classical education model, young students in the grammar stage are encouraged to memorize—songs, poems, nursery rhymes, lists of presidents, or types of flowers. It doesn't really matter, because memorization is not only pleasurable for young children, the practice is useful no matter what is being memorized.
Obviously, there is great value in memorizing one's multiplication facts, but even when information is not retained, the act of memorizing sharpens the mind and trains it to sort, categorize, and focus. Not only that, but memorizing poems and nursery rhymes helps children recognize sound patterns that can make learning to read easier. Yet rote memorization is often discouraged, even for young children, in favor of higher levels of thinking and reasoning.
Unfortunately, in an effort to help students achieve higher-order thinking, schools have cut back on play time and often skip these important early lessons. Instead, kindergarten has become the new first grade third grade.
When schools gloss over important developmental benchmarks and children are expected to learn too much too soon, they become weary and frustrated. Maybe not right away, but by the time they've traded in their Spider-Man backpack for Trapper Keepers, the pace and frustration have taken their toll.
3. Pay Attention to the Research about Recess
Volumes have been written about the benefits of recess for the social, physical, academic, and emotional development of children. Yet many children are still not getting enough recess. Often what little recess they are given is used as a bargaining tool and taken away as a form of punishment. We cannot expect our students to learn and thrive when they are being deprived of something so crucial to their development.
4. Make Sleep and Downtime a Priority
We are all so incredibly busy. Sports, homework, advanced courses, and enrichment activities—all of these things are good, yet all of these things and more are robbing our children of precious sleep and necessary downtime.
There is no simple solution to this problem. Getting our kids enough sleep would mean cutting back on many of the pastimes that we consider a normal and even vital part of childhood. It would mean less homework, perhaps lower academic expectations, and even a change in how we structure the school day.
Still, when we consider that sleep is crucial to a child's emotional and intellectual well-being and that only 35 percent of U.S. middle schoolers and a disturbing 9 percent of high school students are getting the optimal amount of sleep, there can be little doubt that sleep loss is a contributing factor to the epidemic of apathy and many other educational problems.
There are no quick fixes to the problems facing American education. But we can start by escaping the notion that the answer is always more—more techniques, more technology, more work, more rigor.
The one thing our children do need more of is respect. Parents and educators must respect childhood and give children freedom to experience it. We must respect where our children are developmentally and meet their needs at each phase. We must respect their needs to be active and to socialize. And we must respect their need for rest, sleep, and quiet. If we can't give our children more of these things, no amount of educational reform will save them.
Leo's name and the detail of his story have been changed to protect his privacy.
Honduras has adopted a reform of the Penal Code that will ensure legal protection against discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
Honduras is moving a step closer to the UNAIDS vision of ‘zero discrimination'. Its Congress has recently adopted a reform of the Penal Code that will ensure legal protection against discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
"This has been a historic step for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transexual and Intersex (LGBTI) populations that have suffered from widespread violence and impunity in Honduras,” said Donny Reyes, Coordinator at Arcoiris, a civil society organization advocating for greater LGBTI rights. “Finally our right to freedom and to live in peace has been formally recognized,” he added.
Between 2009 and 2012, more than 90 homophobia-related killings were reported in the country, according to the Human Rights Observatory of Lesbian Cattrachas Network. These incidents, which are among the highest in the region, are attributed to the high levels of homophobia and transphobia that exists in Honduran society.
The high number of violent deaths and human rights violations against LGTBI people prompted Ana Pineda, the Minister of Justice and Human Rights to promote the reform of the Penal Code.
The amended code establishes as an offence with aggravating circumstances the “discrimination with hatred or contempt on the basis of sex, gender, religion, national origin, belonging to indigenous and Afrodescendant groups, sexual orientation or gender identity”. This offence may be punishable by up to 3–5 years imprisonment and a monetary fine. The penalty increases if it is a violent crime.
UNAIDS congratulates the State of Honduras for its commitment to promote and defend human rights. The challenge now is to ensure that all professionals are informed and trained on these new provisions to help ensure we reach zero stigma and discrimination. Nicole Massoud, UNAIDS Country Coordinator for Honduras and Nicaragua
Dialogue between the government, civil society and UNAIDS led to the creation of special units within the General Attorney's Office to strengthen the investigation of allegations of violence on the basis of sexual diversity. Each unit comprises a qualified legal advisor, an analyst and three investigators. The Units are currently investigating 17 cases of killings on the basis of sexual orientation and/or gender identity.
“Strengthening investigation, establishing a legal framework which sanctions discrimination and making sure that judges will apply the new provisions are both crucial steps to prevent and reduce violence against members of the LGTBI community,” said Ms Pineda.
Reducing vulnerability to HIV
The amended Penal Code is expected to improve access to HIV-related services, education and employment for LGTBI people. The discrimination, exclusion and violence against LGTBI people have exacerbated their vulnerability to HIV infection by discouraging them from accessing health services out of fear.
In Honduras the HIV epidemic seriously affects men who have sex with men (MSM), where the prevalence of HIV has reached 9.9% compared to the 0.6% among the general population.
A recent report in The Lancet highlights that transgender people have at least 50 times the odds of men and women in the general population of becoming infected with HIV—due to biological as well as structural risks for HIV infection such as social exclusion, economic marginalization, and unmet health-care needs.
"This ruling will provide LGTBI people with greater access to HIV related services" said Nicole Massoud, UNAIDS Country Coordinator for Honduras and Nicaragua. “UNAIDS congratulates the State of Honduras for its commitment to promote and defend human rights. The challenge now is to ensure that all professionals are informed and trained on these new provisions to help ensure we reach zero stigma and discrimination.”
CLOSE Editor of All About Beer Magazine John Holl wants craft breweries to stop with what he calls offensive, sexist branding. His column was shared widely on social media, where Indiana examples surfaced. Do the names and labels promote sexual harassment or is it just an edgy marketing tactic? Amy Haneline / IndyStar
From left, Naughty Girl from New Albanian Brewing Company in New Albany, Ind., Sex and Candy from 18th Street Brewery in Gary, Ind., Stacked and Leg Spreader from Route 2 Brews in Lowell, Ind.. (Photo11: Jenna Watson/IndyStar)
As craft breweries proliferate, some are trying to lure men by labeling beers with sexual images or names like Stacked Double IPA, Sex and Candy IPA, Panty Peeler and Naughty Girl.
Now, the Brewers Association, representing 3,800 U.S. breweries, is trying to rein in offensive labels by amending marketing and advertising guidelines for members.
The nonprofit trade organization added two lines to its code: Materials should not “contain sexually explicit, lewd or demeaning brand names, language, text, graphics, photos, video or other images that reasonable adult consumers would find inappropriate for consumer products offered to the public.” hey also should not “contain derogatory or demeaning text or images.”
The announcement follows a surge of industry chatter and media reports.
“This has been an emerging topic,” said Julia Herz, craft beer program director at the Brewers Association. The organization has heard from many in the industry, she added. And while the Brewers Association always has been a resource in many other aspects of brewing, she is excited to add diversity to that list.
“And reason No. 1 is because it is the right thing to do,” Herz said.
Route 2 Brewery in Lowell in Northwest Indiana has been under fire for some of its beer names and labels that critics argue are sexist and objectifying to women.
Its ESB style beer is named Leg Spreader, and the label illustrates a large-chested woman sitting with the brewery's logo between her spread legs.
Another version of the label recently has emerged.
Lance Rhoades of Rhoades Beverage, which distributes Route 2 brews, said the brewery's new six-pack bottles of Leg Spreader ESB do not contain the illustration of the woman but the name “Leg Spreader” is still displayed on the back.
IndyStar has not been able to reach Route 2 Brewerys owner or marketing director for comment other than an email indicating that the brewery has two different labels for the beer: one for gas stations and grocery stores and another for liquor stores.
Under the Brewers Associations new guidelines, beers like Leg Spreader could face higher scrutiny should they ever be entered into and win medals at the World Beer Cup or Great American Beer Festival awards.
An independent review panel would look at any medal winners, and should the panel deem that the brewery is breaking the code, the brewery would still win the award but would not be allowed to use the association in any way to market that beer.
Every brewery has the right to name and market the beer in the way they desire, Herz said.
“Our hope is that they do it true to the values and integrity that the craft beer community should aspire to.”
Follow Amy Haneline on Twitter: @amybhaneline
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ogHaFN
Nothing says Mattalamode like an erratic schedule that comes whenever it wants. Moving right along...
"The Dress" is an incredibly difficult episode to talk about because it epitomizes how Season 1 operates. There's nothing particularly smart about it, the jokes are easy, and the characters end up stuck compromising parts of their character - those three things form the Season 1 triumvirate, as far as I'm concerned, so what makes it work in spite of that?
Well, that's where things get complicated. I could just brush it off as effective just because and discuss how it embodies Season 1 at its best, but I already did that with "The Refund" in an admittedly less-than-stellar effort, so at this point, I'm sort of just trying to prove something to myself: can "The Dress" be properly defended as possessing legitimate merit? Well, yeah. You just have to be able to get in the same mindspace that the episode occupies.
And this was a difficult episode to figure out, mind you. I was viciously working my way up and down the whole thing trying to get anything out of it, but for the longest time, nothing really came. I'd like to think, though, that I came out of it with some stroke of genius.
The Actual Start of the Article
In the expected Season 1 fashion, "The Dress" makes its general crux clear from the get-go without much set-up. Basically, Richard does the thing where he's dumb and manages to drastically shrink all of Gumball's clothes in the laundry machine. Somehow at the expense of a fully-furnished wardrobe, this forces Gumball to go to school in Nicole's wedding dress. In a "shocking" twist, though, his embarrassment gives way to excitement when nobody notices that he's Gumball by what I can only assume is voodoo, and he quickly comes to embrace his new life filled with admiration and peers all-too-easily bending over backwards in his wake.
Tragically, though, among those peers is Darwin, who ends up entranced with the purported foreign exchange student in the white wedding gown, and things quickly take a turn for the worse than his affection for Gumball becomes frighteningly more obsessive. It doesn't take long before Gumball is made painfully aware of his accidental lover, and in a last-ditch effort with Anais, attaches the dress to a balloon and sends it off on a bus as a decoy. The plan... somewhat backfires when the balloon is let free and flies directly into the sun... but the status quo is fulfilled once more, even if that means the whole town's caught a glance of Gumball's peacemaker and Darwin's inexorably in love with a fire hydrant. Oh, Season 1.
Analysis
First of all, let's address the first major complaint: Darwin doesn't come out of this looking all that great. For me, though, the extent with which the episode gave rise to Darwin's blind naivete means I can sort of brush it over. Season 1 episodes like this constantly have issues that boil down to how willing you are to tolerate the lack of integrity with which the characters are deployed, but I feel like, when there's actually a point to it all (as opposed to the characters being blindly idiotic), I can tolerate it. It's not too terribly out-of-line for the show to distort how a character behaves anyway - look at "The Bros," for instance - so Darwin in "The Dress" at least has some level of depth applied, however aimless at times. The stalkerish undertones, though, added a nice bit of cringe comedy and tension to proceedings, which at least provides a nice change of pace beyond another tired "comedy of errors" plot.
Speaking of changes in pace, "The Dress" also seeks to delve beyond the simple joke of "dude in a dress" by instead exploring how it gives Gumball a sense of vanity - the joke is less, in a shocking twist, the dress he's wearing so much as the external and psychological effect of the dress he's wearing, and it keeps the premise from getting too hacky. Compare it to other cartoons where the joke is simply the fact that a character is mistaken for a chick; here, it shows, most primarily, the consequences and digging oneself out of the hole.
As such, Gumball and Darwin, in an interesting and rare turn of events, serve as foils at their most proper: Gumball's actions convolute Darwin's, and Darwin's eventually convolute Gumball's. Even more rare is how this set-up doesn't victimize either party - there's no high road being taken so much as both parties equally feeding into each other's downfalls, and even if Gumball starts out with the upper hand, in only a matter of time, he's trapped in the cycle.
Ultimately, though, stripping it all bare, removing all of those pesky layers... this is just a dumb episode, but a gleefully dumb one. There's no sense of trying to make some happy character moments like in "The Genius," nor are we supposed to be laughing entirely at watching Gumball and Darwin act haphazardly, as in "The Spoon" or "The Picnic." There's a clear understanding that nothing in the episode carries any weight nor harbors anything against the characters themselves (even if Darwin gets the short end of the stick), and it happily goes along with not trying to make a point. In a season plagued with hokey lesson-learning in one way or another, "The Dress" stands out as an episode that's self-aware of its idiocy.
That might be a bit convoluted to wrap your head around, but one thing I've deduced over and over again is that the more minuscule the point a Season 1 episode is trying to make, the better off it usually goes. Granted, "The Dress" doesn't encroach on "The Curse" and its sheer, near-nihilistic tendencies, but more from the standpoint of its composition, there's nothing that's trying to be meaningful and nothing to really take away. Even within the universe of "The Dress" itself, all of its events are so far removed from Gumball that he walks away mercifully unscathed, nudity notwithstanding. Simply put, there's nothing wrong with an episode where nothing happens.
Alright. I think we're good here. Special shout-out, by the way, to Normie for going through the mental strain of helping me brainstorm godawful jokes at 3 in the morning. I'll chalk it down as "creative consultation."
Here's his mandated five seconds of screentime to self-promote and aid the general effort:
"i didn't do it for the fame. i rarely help out on blogs, but when it comes to "the dress", who wouldn't want to break the habit?"
Truly words to live by.
Next week we'll be taking a gander at “The Girlfriend,” so if any of y'all have some valid complaints about it that I can incorporate into the article, please do tell - it seems to be one of those episodes people aimlessly lambast without providing any legitimate complaints in the process, so I'm bound to get a few points wrong.
Until then, stay nice, slick, and crispy.
Photo
An upbeat look at middle age? Patricia Cohen had her work cut out for her. Maybe there's a capitalist culture somewhere that doesn't make a blazing fetish of youthfulness and keep it stoked with huge amounts of commercial and medical hot air. If so, it's not the one we live in. Yet nothing in the sometimes pathetic struggle of Americans over, say, 50 to claim a respectable place in the public consciousness puts Cohen in the grumpy mood she could so rightly claim after absorbing some 200 years of the history of middle age. Instead, she's delivered a lively, well-researched chronicle of the social and scientific forces that brought midlife America to its current befuddled state — better off by most measures than any previous generation, but miserably out of fashion.
Despite the fact that researchers have been studying middle age intensively for decades, the term itself seems to have no fixed definition. Nearly any span between 40 and dementia appears to qualify, depending in part on whether we're talking about ourselves (“But I feel just the same as I did when I was 20”) or all those people who show up at our college reunions (“Everyone looks so old”). But surely the elasticity of the concept is its best feature. After all, not many follows middle age except joining the ranks of the ancients — or, as geriatric specialists now say, “the old old.” (Perhaps they don't intend to evoke the drumbeats of doom with that repetition, but otherwise what does it mean? A life stage so nice they named it twice?)
Not only is middle age hard to pin down, but Cohen, a reporter for The New York Times, points out that it didn't even exist as a category until about halfway through the 19th century. Before then, she writes, “age was not an essential ingredient of one's identity.” Life had markers like marriage, parenthood and physical incapacity; one's years per se were not the measure. This changed with industrialization and the growth of cities, when age became a useful means of segmenting the population. Children who earlier studied all together in a one-room schoolhouse, for instance, were divided into grades by age. Birthday greetings became popular. By 1900, when the census began asking Americans their exact date of birth — instead of packing people into 10-year compartments — we were a nation thoroughly aware of how old we were.
By that time, too, people were living longer. But Cohen argues that the increase in years wasn't significant enough to account for the emergence of middle age as a life category. More pertinent was what was happening to women. By the turn of the 20th century, Cohen writes, “the typical mother had two or three children, less than half as many as her counterpart 100 years earlier.” After the youngest left home, she had 20 or so years, starting around age 50, in which she was free of the primary obligations that had defined female existence for thousands of years.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But if there was something to celebrate in life after youth, scientists in the early 1900s quickly squashed it by deciding that aging was a cause for worry, probably even a disease. People proved astonishingly vulnerable to the idea that nature despises vigorous humans in their 50s. Trepidation about mortality, plus a large dose of vanity, turned out to be a powerful motivation for nutty behavior — especially in the male. Around the time women were cautiously deciding to bob their hair, their husbands entered the startling era of testicle transplants for rejuvenation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It began in 1918 when, Cohen reports, “a doctor at San Quentin prison . . . transplanted the testicles of an executed man into a senile 60-year-old inmate.” The result could not have been anybody's idea of a dream date, but never mind: soon afterward a Russian surgeon showed up in the United States, claiming that he had successfully “transplanted monkey testicles into men who had lost their sexual drive.” He drew enormous crowds to his vividly illustrated lectures, where he also showed off some of his happy patients. A French doctor specializing in the same operation said hundreds of men applied to him every day, longing for monkey testicles. As he explained to The New York Times, most of his clients were eager “to complete some life work they had undertaken or see some particular enterprise through, which had not yet been crowned with success.” Ah yes, a chance at last to complete that elusive symphony. Eugen Steinach, a Viennese endocrinologist, offered vasectomies to worried or flagging men: the idea was to concentrate the hormones and thus reinvigorate the patient. (Among the gullible were Yeats and Freud.) Steinach had help for women, too — he X-rayed their ovaries, a treatment that was supposed to restore youthfulness.
Tom Hardy put on some serious muscle for the role of Bane in the Dark Knight Rises movie. After all, Bane is an imposing character, physically intimidating and more of a superior physical match for the Caped Crusader. Strong, commanding and powerful, his presence speaks for itself.
Couldn't we all use a little more power and strength in our lives? Does your current routine need a little kick in the butt? Maybe you need a few new moves, techniques and tips to get you growing bigger and stronger again?
The following are some plateau-busting, intensity-amplifying tactics so you can be more like Bane!
Bane Workout: 14 Superhero-Crushing Moves
Floor clean and push press: This move will get your hormones surging for sure! Used primarily as a shoulder strength and power builder, it will pack on serious mass all over. Simply clean the bar from the floor using hips, legs and shoulder rotation to catch the bar on your shoulders. From this position use a slight bump with your legs to press the bar overhead with your deltoids, arms and traps. This isn't a clean and jerk per se, but more of a clean and shoulder press.
Wide-grip upright row: Simply take a grip 8-12 inches wider than shoulder width and pull up with your elbows. This will hit the middle deltoids more than a standard close-grip upright row.
Double plate raise: Want to challenge your grip and look like a beast? Try the standard front plate raise with two smaller plates instead of one that can comfortably fit in your grip. If you can do a 45 pound plate, try two 25s. Your forearms will be screaming for more!
Decline bench close-grip triceps press: You've done plenty of close-grip benches in your day, right? Try it on a decline bench for a better mechanical advantage and shoulder relief.
Seated barbell curl: As the name implies, the seated barbell curl will jack up your strength in no time. Sit with the barbell in your lap and curl up only the upper half of the move. On the way down don't rest the bar, just touch and go.
Modified arching pull-up: Perform a regular, shoulder width pull-up with an underhand grip and instead of bringing your chest to the bar, try bringing your stomach to the bar.
Partial deadlift: I couldn't help but add this one in. Start with the bar just below your knees. You can crank these out off of the end of a bench or set in a Smith machine.
Side-to-side pull-up: An old favorite of Arnold, take a close, parallel grip and alternate each side of your head up to the bar.
Floor press with dumbbells: This will hit that sweet spot for a bigger bench. Simply lay down on the floor with two dumbbells and press them up on the last half of the movement. Be sure not to rest your upper arms on the floor, just touch and go.
Feet-elevated three-point push-up: Prop your feet on a bench and hands on the floor in the push-up position. Put one foot on top of the other so only the single foot is touching the bench.
Full-range squat: You may be scratching your head as to why this one's on the list. There is good reason: I can count on one hand in my over twenty years lifting that I have seen someone do a full-range free weight squat. If you are one of the unlucky ones, swallow your pride, cut your weight in half and get to work.
1 ½ rep front squat: If you are like many, you may have a bit of difficulty holding heavy weight on your shoulders during a front squat. Try 1 ½ rep sets. Descend with the bar and only go halfway up, descend again and then complete a full range of motion rep. That is one rep. This technique will make light weight feel like a ton!
Modified ham raise: If you find your gym without a true horizontal bench to perform glute/ham raises, but you are able to use an angled hyperextension bench then this move will be a welcomed addition. Keeping your knees on the bench, extend your body out staying horizontal to the floor. Curl yourself back in (like a leg curl) keeping that horizontal position.
Run-the-rack dumbbell calf raise: Choose a heavy dumbbell, don't think about it too much, just do it! Perform one-legged calf raises off of the floor for each leg. Once you are finished with both legs, choose the next lighter weight and repeat. Run the entire rack before stopping.
The Insane Bane Training Program
Now let's put these moves in a program to get you growing again and build a physique even a superhero would envy. Below is a sample program best utilized on a Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday schedule with Wednesday and the weekend off.
The modified moves are highlighted.
Monday Monday Exercise Warm Up Working Sets Rest Periods Incline Barbell Bench Press 2 x 10-15 2 x 5-8 2 minutes Dumbbell Floor Press 2 x 5-8 2 minutes Modified Arching Pull Up 1 x 10 AMAP 2 minutes Partial Deadlift 1 x 10 2 x 5-8 2 minutes Floor Clean and Push Press 1 x 10 2 x 5-8 2 minutes Dumbbell Lateral Raise 2 x 10-15 2 minutes Floor Crunch 4 x 10-20 1 minute
Tuesday Tuesday Exercise Warm Up Working Sets Rest Periods Dumbbell Calf Raise - Run The Rack 1 x 15 2x3 by Rack 2 minutes Full-Range Squat 2 x 10-15 5 x 10 2 minutes Walking Lunge 2 Lengths 2 minutes Modified Hamstring Raise 1 x 10 2 x AMAP 2 minutes Seated Barbell Curl 1 x 10 2 x 5-8 2 minutes Dips 1 x 10 2 x 5-8 2 minutes Hanging Leg Raise 4 x 10-20 1 minute
AMAP = As Many As Possible.
Editor's note: have any questions about the Insane Bane Workout Program? Leave them in the comments below for workout creator Brad Borland. Good luck getting big and powerful like Bane!
Ron Paul ventures into Pahrump, where he's a rock star
Ron Paul campaigns in Southern Nevada KSNV coverage of Ron Paul campaigning around Southern Nevada, Fab. 3, 2012.
Sun's complete coverage 2012 Republican Caucus
PAHRUMP - Sixty miles west of Las Vegas is a land to which few Republican presidential candidates dare go — unless you're Ron Paul.
Nevada's rural counties get ignored at national election time because of simple math: With 70 percent of the state's population in Clark County and another 20 or so in Washoe County, the voters aren't here in the sort of numbers to make campaigning worthwhile.
But the residents, usually ignored by the outside world but for their legal brothels, are the purest and most passionate form of Paul supporters.
“Pahrump is about the last free place in America. You don't even have to register your firearms in Nye County,” said David Wilkinson, who does refrigeration installation in town. “We're real America. The small town, rural areas are the only real America that is left.”
Several hundred of those rural Nevadans, some sporting sidearms, crowded a roller rink to hear back-to-back speeches by presidential candidate Paul Friday afternoon.
It's the only attention this town of 40,000, encircled by mountains near the California border, has had from any of the candidates competing in Saturday's caucuses.
But Paul's also the only one they care to hear.
“You will not see a yard sign for anybody else out here (other than Paul),” said Eva Price, a housewife who is a Democrat but came to see Paul and tell him that she planned to vote for him in the general election — even if that means writing in his name.
“I once wrote in Willie Nelson's name,” she offered as evidence of her conviction, before shrugging: “But it didn't count for much.”
Price can't help Paul before the general election. But there are thousands of others who can — enough that Paul has a good chance of sweeping the rurals at caucus time.
“The people love him,” said Betsy Masek, a supporter.
Nevada is known for a libertarian, independent streak — but that is amplified in Pahrump, as is every ill wind that has crossed the Silver State in recent years.
Las Vegas' 12.6 percent unemployment rate is usually considered the worst in the country. But it's almost 5 points higher in Pahrump.
Las Vegas is also the foreclosure capital of America. But in Pahrump, foreclosure signs along the town's main drag look like coming attractions.
The jobs message that all the Republican candidates have been trying to sell in Clark County — free up federal lands, get rid of regulations — have a lot more potential resonance here. But the people of Pahrump aren't convinced that anyone other than Paul really means business about changing things on the ground.
“Anything that affects the federal government spending habits affects rural states like Nevada. We've got too much BLM control out here,” said Mike Ravlin, who explained that he moved to Pahrump after decades working for the city of Las Vegas because he “got sick of all the illegal Mexicans in Vegas taking over the town.”
“I've got a goat milk farm,” said Barb Wiest, a Pahrump resident and Ron Paul supporter, who ticked off “regulations” as one of the top issues affecting her vote choice. “He said, if we want to drink raw cow milk, we can drink raw cow milk!”
Wiest added that she changed her registration to Republican about a month ago simply to vote for Paul.
So did Bill Butkovich, a certified nursing assistant who said he voted for Obama last election.
“The right to bear arms — that should be a no-brainer,” Butkovich said. “But look at the people who came in with guns! He's the only (Republican) candidate who literally supports it.”
Residents of Pahrump also believe Paul's drastic economic proposals will positively affect both the jobs market and the housing market in Pahrump, even though Paul's message is essentially to invest nothing, but make some changes at the federal level, and let the free market handle the rest.
“Dr. Paul is the only one with a plan, because he wants to eliminate Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and HUD,” said Will Rogers, a Realtor in town who says his only business these days comes from REO foreclosures. “It would make the market stand on its own, and by standing on its own, it would be far superior.”
Bruce Calley, a retired construction worker, likes Paul's proposals about the Fed and reintroducing the gold standard.
“Everyone is buying gold. Nobody wants a Federal Reserve note,” Calley said, producing a one-ounce gold piece that he carries with him at all times.
Even if other presidential candidates are spouting similar proposals on some of the economic issues for which the residents of Pahrump praise Paul, they either can't or don't want to hear it.
“There's no difference between Romney and Gingrich,” said Mabel Charbonneau. “I think they're part of the whole problem. They all have a political agenda.”
And even if the rest of the state is dismissing their small slice of the vote, the residents of rural Nevada believe they're the shining example of what true people politics is in this election.
“You think this is a bunch of ignorant hillbillies. But they aren't. They're well-read,” said Rogers. “We've talked up Ron Paul for the past three years here, and it's worked. Word of mouth does matter.”
A Depressed Press Series Part 8 of 12 of A.I. Movie Festival
Not all explorations of A.I. need to be long, bladder-testing epics (I'm looking at you, misters Spielberg and Kubrick). Sometimes all you need is a few minutes. The following five shorts are all less than 10 minutes long, yet each deftly explores major themes of artificial intelligence and would give any feature film a run for its money.
“Abe” by Rob McLellan
Abe is the deliciously disturbing story of an A.I. turned psychotic by its one, overriding need: to be loved. It explores the emergent, unintended consequences of A.I. in the darkest way imaginable. Although likely a victim of MGM's financial implosion, the short had been optioned by the studio for a feature film.
“AMP” by Triton Films
Switching gears, so to speak, AMP is a combination short/demo/trailer for a buddy action flick starring a wise-cracking protagonist and his loyal brute of a robot pal. Think Turner and Hooch with less slobber and a hot mechanic.
“Kara” by David Cage and Quantic Dream
This one always chokes me up. Kara brings us behind the scenes of an android construction facility where a hapless quality tester has to deal with something unexpected. Produced as a technical demo for the PlayStation 3 by cinematic game pioneer David Cage.
“R'ha” by Kaleb Lechowski
Another short currently in the pipeline to become a feature film, R'ha drops us in the middle of a war between an alien race and the A.I. army that has turned against them.
“Changing Batteries” by MMU, Malaysia
Finally we have the heart wrencher, Changing Batteries, where a dedicated service robot is faced with a situation he can't understand. Call your parents, people! The cat's in the cradle! It's in the cradle!
President Obama is pulling no punches, and offering a few jokes, in his attack of House Republicans for failing to take action on legislation including the depleted Highway Trust Fund.
While standing on Washington, D.C.'s Key Bridge today he said he will continue working on his own to help the middle class and if Congress doesn't like it "sue me," he said referring to the lawsuit threatened by Speaker John Boehner over Obama's administrative actions.
"Middle-class families can't wait for Republicans in Congress to do stuff. So sue me," he said to laughter. "As long as they're doing nothing, I'm not going to apologize for trying to do something."
Obama criticized House Republicans for not taking action on the Highway Trust Fund-a fund paid for through a gas tax to help fix roads that will run out by the end of summer.
"All told, nearly 700,000 jobs could be at risk next year. That would be like Congress threatening to lay off the entire population of Denver or Seattle or Boston," he said. "Soon states may have to choose which projects to continue and which ones to put the brakes on because they're running out of money."
In a June 20 letter, Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony R. Foxx told state DOT directors the "situation remains dire."
"If the trust fund becomes insolvent, DOT will likely need to delay some reimbursements owed to your agency. We understand and regret that such measures may be necessary as the current construction season is ongoing. We have and will continue to sound the alarm bell that hundreds of projects and thousands of jobs are at risk," he wrote.
Obama called on congress to rally behind the idea of "economic patriotism" and stop trying to "score political points" by gridlocking Washington.
"We could do so much more if we just rallied around an economic patriotism, a sense that our job is to get things done as one nation and as one people," he said. "Economic patriotism would say that instead of protecting corporations that are shipping jobs overseas, let's make sure they're paying their fair share of taxes. Let's reward American workers and businesses that hire them. Let's put people to work rebuilding America. Let's invest in manufacturing so the next generation of good manufacturing jobs are right here made in the USA."
"It's not crazy. It's not socialism. You know, it - it's not, you know, the imperial presidency or, no laws are broken. We're just building roads and bridges like we've been doing for the last, I don't know, 50, 100 years. But so far, House Republicans have refused to act on this idea. I haven't heard a good reason why they haven't acted. It's not like they've been busy with other stuff," he said to a crowd of 550 that included staff from the Department of Transportation. "No, seriously. I mean, they're not doing anything. Why, why don't they do this?"
He continued to criticize house Republicans for not acting on extending unemployment insurance, raising the minimum wage, and a fair pay proposal.
"And they criticize me for this. Boehner sued me for this. And I told him I'd rather do things with you; pass some laws; make sure the Highway Trust Fund is funded so we don't lay off hundreds of thousands of workers. It's not that hard," he said. "And this obstruction keeps the system rigged for those who are doing fine, at the very top. It prevents us from helping more middle-class families."
At a press conference last week, Speaker of the House John Boehner said "I know the House Ways and Means Committee is working on a package, and I expect that after the district work period over the Fourth of July, we'll see some activity there."
According to the Federal Highway Administration, the Highway Trust Fund began in 1956 and hasn't seen an increase since 1993 when President Bill Clinton approved a 4 cent a gallon tax increase on fuel.
OAKLAND — The city's library is finding new ways to connect to residents, adding bicycle bookmobiles that staffers pedal to community festivals and hand out free books, while also documenting people's recollections of a neighborhood quickly changing.
Librarians and supporters rolled out two new bicycle-powered bookmobiles Saturday at the Main Library on 14th Street for a ride down Grand Avenue along Lake Merritt to the Lakeview Branch.
The bookmobiles have a trailer hitch easily attached to a bicycle rear axle. Staff already has ridden the bike-powered bookmobile to the Laney College Eco Fest, Bike to Work Day events outside City Hall, Latham Square celebrations and book festivals.
The books librarians give away are from the library's “Share the Love” collection. On a good day, the trailers, with racks on two sides holding a couple of dozen books each, have to be restocked several times, librarian Emily Weak said.
“Librarians just want to give people free books. That's all we want to do,” she said. Most of the books are donated, though some are paid for with a library children's department fund.
“We want to make sure that (not) having a library card is not a barrier to library services,” Weak said. With the bookmobiles, the program can expand from the Main Library to sites more easily reached from the West Oakland branch at 18th and Adeline streets or East Oakland's 81st Avenue Branch, where the Scraper Bike team holds Friday repair clinics, she said..
Library aide Reginald “RB” Burnette II, who oversees the repair clinics, was on hand at the Lakeview Branch during unveiling of the bookmobiles Saturday. Burnette helped make smoothies with a bike-powered blender.
At present, the bookmobiles go out only about once a week, Weak said.
“It'd be cool to see different styles, for Oakland to have a big fleet,” said Carlos Hernandez, a city Department of Transportation worker who built the trailers in his spare time. The first took him about 30 hours, the second half as long, he said.
The wooden racks are built onto a welded steel frame. They have lights, and one includes a small music amplifier; another has a small basketball hoop and Warriors logos.
Later that day, the 99-year-old Golden Gate Branch on San Pablo launched its Commons Archive to collect stories of the fast-changing neighborhood. The library held a block party, with barbecue, a band, face painting and tables staffed by community organizations.
“The library is not just a place to check out books; it's a reflection of the community,” branch librarian Erin Sanders said.
Though still-working-class, the neighborhood has seen a lot of change over the decades. A 19th-century black-and-white image over the library stairs shows a section of San Pablo Avenue, unpaved, with just a few wooden houses in sight.
It began in the 19th century as the home primarily of European immigrants: Portuguese, Italians and Scandinavians. It later became home to African-Americans in two migrations in the first half of the 20th century, Commons Archive project coordinator Sue Mark said.
Now, as with so much of Oakland, the neighborhood is changing again, with prices too high for families to resist selling and moving away or selling when dividing an estate between members of succeeding generations, Mark said.
“In the long view, decade by decade, it's always changing,” she said.
Overseeing the barbecue was Mark Lasartemay, now retired after 26 years at the Lawrence Berkeley National Lab. He cheerfully described the work of his grandparents Eugene and Ruth Lasartemay, whose collection of historical artifacts became the foundation of the East Bay Negro Historical Society, now part of the library's African American Museum and Library Archives.
“That's what made them click; they enjoyed working together, were interested in the same things and that's how this came about,” he said of his grandparents.
In addition to the material they donated to the archives, he said as he grilled chicken, tri-tip and sausages he donated for the kickoff block party, they collected so many items that “it took three months to go through their house on Hearst Street that I'm remodeling.”
The Commons Archive project intends to encourage the neighborhood to develop an archive of its own history. In the library's downstairs computer lab, visitors will be welcome to drop by to share memories and artifacts, Mark said.
She is scheduling two-hour sessions in early June to scan snapshots, scrapbooks and other paper items people might like to share. They also will be encouraged to record stories to “let future generations know what it is like to live in this neighborhood.”
The project will continue for two years.
Mark, an independent cultural researcher, is doing the Commons Archive work with the Kala Art Institute with grants provided by the California Arts Council and the Creative Work Fund.
“The library's never had something like this before,” she said.
The CEO of the world's leading DNA sequencing company says he knows how to finally get consumers interested in their genomes: by creating an enormous app store for genetic information.
Jay Flatley
Yesterday, Illumina said that along with Warburg Pincus and Sutter Hill Ventures it was investing $100 million in a new company called Helix to make consumer genomics part of the Internet mainstream.
Illumina's CEO, Jay Flatley, said in an interview that Helix will subsidize the cost of decoding people's genomes in hopes of spurring the creation of consumer apps that will draw on the DNA data repeatedly. “You saw what happened with the Apple app store: it just unleashed the consumer side because apps are so cheap to make,” says Flatley, who will be chairman of the new company.
Flatley says that when Helix goes live next year it will sequence and store consumers' DNA, then sell them pay-as-you-go access to it through the apps, which will be offered by partners, the first of which are LabCorp and the Mayo Clinic. Profits will get shared, in a model similar to the one for Apple's app store. If Helix succeeds, it will operate the largest sequencing laboratory of any kind, Flatley predicts.
Everyone is trying to unlock the value of the genome, most of all Illumina (see “50 Smartest Companies 2014”). The San Diego-based company, whose sleek-looking sequencing machines are also said to be inspired by Apple's designs, is the big winner so far. It dominates the market and last year sold $1.8 billion of DNA sequencing machines, chemicals, and tests. The more sequencing happens, the better for Illumina.
Right now, genome sequencing is done by research laboratories, at hospitals, and even by a few national programs. The formation of Helix is about the last big uncracked market: you and me.
So far, interest by consumers in genomics has been fairly tepid. Who do you know whose genome has been sequenced? The problem is that for healthy people, the genome just isn't that important. What does it mean? What is it good for? Even though sequencing a genome has become much cheaper, just a couple of thousand dollars, to most people, finding out isn't worth the cost. Even Flatley, whose genome is sequenced and posted to the Internet, has called the experience ho-hum.
DNA sequencing machines at the central laboratory of Illumina, in San Diego.
So how do you get consumers to participate? The idea behind Helix is to make it pay-as-you-go.
Here's how it might work. Say you download an app from a Helix partner to find out if you have a specific genetic variant, for example the “speed gene,” known to be possessed by many athletes (nicely described here by 23andMe). And imagine that app costs $20. You send in a spit sample; Helix will return just that information to you through the app.
But Helix will sequence much more of your genome, says Flatley. He says Helix will do “an exome plus”—that is, decode all your genes and a few more key spots, but not parts of the genome without clear medical relevance. That will cost Helix perhaps $500. But then, if you order a new app that draws on your genes, Helix will already have your DNA information, ready to be quickly served up.
“We are betting on the consumer coming back and asking for more, and then you don't have to sequence a second time,” says Flatley. In contrast, if you wanted to sign up for both Ancestry.com and 23andMe, two different companies offering genetic genealogy, you'd have to get tested twice.
Flatley says Helix will be a “neutral” player, storing DNA and serving it up to any app on the platform. Like Apple's app store, which takes a 30 percent cut of every copy of Angry Birds that is sold, revenue will be shared by Helix and by app makers, although Flatley didn't say what the percentages would be. He did describe one important twist: whichever affiliate (say, the Mayo Clinic) first convinces a consumer to send in a spit sample will also get paid each time that person's genome is accessed again, by any other app.
That's basically a bounty for dragging people into the genome age.
The whole setup turns on convincing consumers to sign on. Flatley says the market has proved that consumers will part with only around $99 for DNA information, say for a genealogy test. The pay-as-you-go model is a way to bridge the difference between that and the higher cost of sequencing. “It's got to be a no-brainer price tag. You make it a no-brainer purchase for the consumer,” says Flatley.
Storing thousands or millions of genomes could also put Helix in a good position as biologists make more discoveries about what genetic information is good for. “As the science gets better and better the content is going to be better, and the consumer will be charged for that,” says Flatley.
The idea behind Helix is pretty cool—your genome in the cloud somewhere, accessed by snazzy apps. But there are downsides. You are buying into the idea that genes are destiny. And privacy? Helix will be “incredibly secure,” says Flatley. But let's not forget the main objective here: to get you, the consumer, to willingly expose your DNA to commercial apps just as you hand over your location or address book.
Illumina's prior foray into apps wasn't a big success. It launched a system called BaseSpace—an app store for researchers—that didn't really take off. Scientists tell me it does a little of everything, but nothing very well.
But times change. Now everyone is anticipating an explosion of consumer activity around genomics, cloud computing, and apps (see “Google Wants to Store Your Genome” and “Apple Has Plans for Your DNA”).
To succeed, Helix may need a killer app, the kind a person can't stop checking on the bus or in the elevator. Flatley admits he's not yet sure what such an app would do. “An objective is to stimulate that large developer community, and get more people focused on it and discover what that killer app might be,” he says.
The Mayo Clinic is working on one app related to educating people about DNA, the organization confirmed, and Flatley says other early apps could be “educational, to do with nutrition, or sports-related.” It sounds like lightweight stuff. There are reasons for that. To dispense real diagnostic information an app maker would probably need approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration—something that would take time to obtain. Flatley says he's been talking to the FDA about Helix.
Right now, the most important consumer-facing uses of genetics are in cancer predisposition testing, genealogy, and carrier screening. The genealogy tests tell you to whom you are related, your ethnic origins, and how much Neanderthal DNA you have. Carrier screening is about what's next: when you are ready to have a baby, you can check whether you and your partner share dangerous disease mutations. Companies offering these types of consumer tests, such as 23andMe and Counsyl, have spent millions building out labs, analytical software, or just paying Illumina to analyze the DNA.
With Helix, says Flatley, companies won't have to invest in starting a laboratory anymore. Instead, he says, any developer with a computer will be able to start a genomics company.
Sad the summer months are nearly over? Excited about what the fall may bring for the altcoin community, or the digital currency world as a whole?
You aren't alone, as many investors, traders, developers and everyone in between are no doubt gearing up for what could be a make-or-break season for block chain technology. While the last few weeks haven't been easy for those in altcoin circles, the promise of the near future is no doubt exciting for all those involved.
Uro unveils emerging market exchange system
The urocoin project has recently unveiled or released a number of updates that continue to build on the existing infrastructure surrounding the altcoin.
On August 15th, the URO development team unveiled Nuro, a digital currency wallet designed with many elements common in online banking interfaces. The open-source initiative, detailed in a recent Bitcoin Talk forum post, is focused on delivering functionality for both smartphones and less technologically advanced mobile devices.
In a statement, the team behind the project said:
“Originally developed to address the needs of urea fertilizer wholesalers and farmers by providing a wallet that would minimize the technological resources needed to permit fast, secure transactions. The platform's inclusion of bitcoin, urocoin and litecoin, with more coins to follow, gives Nuro a universal utility that enables traditional banking consumers across the globe to easily transition into trustless, decentralized banking.”
This wallet app release was followed by an announcement last week by the Uro Foundation, the umbrella group overseeing the various initiatives involving the digital currency, that a new exchange system would be developed in emerging markets.
According to the organization, the first exchange is expected to open in Cambodia, with more to follow throughout the region. The exchange system development is part of a broader process described to CoinDesk in an interview with developer Bohan Huang, who said that the goal was to create an environment in which both farmers and traders stand to benefit.
Ripoffcoin seeks education through humor
The all-too-common scams in alternative digital currency circles have led to calls for higher standards to be adopted by the community, or at least a greater degree of accountability than exists today.
While grassroots-level initiatives have had an impact and altcoin exchanges are doing their best to improve vetting processes, the fact remains that investors remain at risk – though some argue that research and a critical eye can help greatly as well.
A rather odd attempt to help educate the community about the risks of an altcoin scam has taken shape in the ripoffcoin project, which is best exemplified by the openness of the development team who say that yes, the initiative is not a real coin project. Rather, the team wants to show that too many investors in the space are after a quick buck rather than backing meaningful initiatives.
Much of the content produced by the ripoffcoin team takes a comedic stance, including an open letter addressed to the management of now-defunct bitcoin exchange Mt Gox. The letter stated that the ripoffcoin community was being forced to pull its support for the exchange, citing concerns that it was at risk of being scammed by the site's operators.
CoinDesk spoke with the lead developer of ripoffcoin, who commented that the project was focused on trying to teach an important lesson while having some fun at the same time, saying:
“It's about educating people a bit, showing people that most things are not what they seem to be, and of course, having a lot of fun.”
The developer added that, in time, ripoffcoin could become utilized for the same purpose as dogecoin: social tipping and gifting. That future, he concluded, depends on how the coin's public image develops in the weeks ahead.
Dogecoin prepares for AuxPOW
Preparations for dogecoin's adoption of auxiliary proof-of-work (AuxPOW), which will allow merge-mining with litecoin, are underway, setting the stage for the internet's favorite meme-themed digital currency to add some extra firepower – and security – to its network.
In recent days, members of dogecoin development community have taken to the alt's subreddit to help supporters, miners and everyone in between get ready for the hard fork. One post focused on contingency preparations should certain shibes find themselves unable to sync with the updated code.
The post noted that community members shouldn't wait for near-term updates. As the post explained, the to-be-released code will be the definitive one for the immediate future, adding:
“Some of you may be holding off on updating to 1.8 because you're expecting another client to come out and figure you'll wait for that. That new client is 1.8.1 and it is specifically scheduled to come out after the AuxPoW fork. What that means is your existing client will stop being part of the main chain, before the update comes out.”
As one commenter added: “Don't panic!” But with testing underway – the development team began work nearly two weeks ago – the dogecoin community is already pressing ahead on the hard fork.
Strange alt of the week
Here on All Things Alt, we've shined the spotlight on more than a few strange ways to back the value of a digital currency. From the unsigned confessions of network participants to the estimated daily oil production of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, many approaches have been taken to establish some level of underlying value to a coin.
Goldenloafyanukovichcoin (sign: GNY) utilizes what may be the strangest commodity backing for a coin to date: a two-kilogram piece of gold known infamously as the “golden bread loaf”. As detailed by The Moscow Times, the lump of gold was confiscated when former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich fled the country as it descended into revolution several months ago.
For this unique form of backing, GNY has won this week's Strange Alt of the Week Award.
According to the coin's official Bitcoin Talk post, GNY leverages the X11 hashing algorithm, with a max supply of roughly 130,000 coins. The developer stated in the post that the goal was to create a digital currency with a one-of-a-kind way of underpinning GNY's value, saying:
“Our coin [was] created to share the cost of a massive paperweight in the form of a full-size loaf weighing two kilograms, made of gold, a valuable item found in the former residence of Viktor Yanukovych near Kiev.”
Development on GNY appears to have slowed, although the coin is available for purchase on the altcoin exchange C-CEX.
Have a tip about a notable happening in the altcoin world? Email CoinDesk at stan@coindesk.com.
Disclaimer: This article should not be viewed as an endorsement. Please do your own extensive research before you consider investing in the altcoin space.
Images via Bitcoin Talk, Shutterstock
Wow! Veteran political strategist Mary Matalin is not just “confident” that Donald Trump is going to win, she thinks he has an 85-90% chance of winning. And even that is conservative compared to the 100% chance she originally claimed during her appearance on today's With All Due Respect.
Note that Matalin is not a rabid Trump partisan. To the contrary, she quit the Republican party in May, and says that rather than having a dog in the race, she has, in Trump, merely a “mini-puppy.” Matalin took an amusing shot at her husband, Dem strategist James Carville. When John Heilemann said he could only imagine the fights she was having with him, Mary mockingly answered “who? Who? Is he my . . . go-to guy in politics? I don't think so.”
MARK HALPERIN: We talk about the Quinnipiac polls showin Trump within striking distance in the four states he needs to win to get to 270 probably. Just your general handicapping of the race now: does Trump have a 20% chance of winning, 25%, 15%?
MARY MATALIN: I think he has a 100% chance of winning. And as you know, I'm —
HALPERIN: 100% chance, meaning you think he's definitely going to win? You're positive Trump is going to win?
MATALIN: I'm confident he's going to win. The race is closing, despite Mrs. Clinton's dumping hundreds of millions of dollars, relative to his $4 million or whatever.
HALPERIN: You think Hillary Clinton has a 0% chance of winning?
MATALIN: All right, let's say 10%, 15%. I just think he's going to win! The closing of the races, the turnout that y'all mentioned, whether or not he has a turnout operation as you mentioned, the RNC does, and those Senate race particularly in those states are turning out every cell under every rock. Ohio, very important, Portman's back up. Toomey will have a good operation. North Carolina, he's up. So he's coming back in the right places, he's in the margin of error in about 10 of these states. Between the RNC and the Senate races and the down-ballot races pushing out, people are nervous about the House now–they don't need to be. That will be his turn-out operation.
HALPERIN: I guess we just spend the rest of the time asking about the Trump cabinet.
JOHN HALPERIN: Really, no kidding: by a 90% chance of winning.
MATALIN: I don't, as you know, I have a mini-puppy in this race. He's not really my guy, I'm intending to vote for him. He's not a conservative, he's not a Republican, but he's most importantly not a Progressive. What he is, is that he has an action for bias [sic: presumably ‘bias for action.'] And what conservatives and the Republicans have been, is James 2:17, they've been faith with no action. So that's dead. He's a man of action I guess.
…
MATALIN: She has a turn-out operation as we just discussed. The mechanics for one aren't at RNC level. But she does not have something he has that's critical, more critical than an operation, and that's enthusiasm. So yes, all right, I'll say Pennsylvania then. Yes, he has to win Pennsylvania. New Mexico, Nevada, Iowa.
HALPERIN: You think is going to win New Mexico?
MATALIN: I think he's going to win states like that where he is within the margin of error currently in not just outlier polls, but these polls too.
HEILMANN: I just can't imagine the kind of fights you're getting in with your husband these days.
MATALIN: Who? Who? Do you think I — is he my dispositive, go-to guy in politics? I don't think so.
Adams Avenue Unplugged, a free musical walkabout, takes place April 28, 2018 along a two-mile stretch of Adams Avenue, from University Heights on the West through Normal Heights, and into parts of Kensington to the East. The event will feature live musical performances staged inside restaurants, bars, coffee houses and galleries lining the neighborhood. Being able to pair the Avenue's unique dining and drinking establishments, each with their own special ambiances and selections, with free musical performances, makes Adams Avenue the place to be on the last weekend of April. The AABA hopes to treat musical aficionados and foodies to the rich neighborhood culture.
Some artists will be playing multiple sets allowing attendees more opportunity to catch their favorite performers.
Adams Avenue Unplugged is free and open to the general public.
Image copyright PA Image caption Andrew Whitby: "My life has been improved beyond measure"
A man has celebrated 30 years since his heart-lung transplant - thought to be the longest anyone has survived after the procedure.
Andrew Whitby, 51, from Teddington, south-west London, was recognised by the Guinness Book of Records.
He underwent the operation after experiencing health problems associated with a lifelong heart defect.
He appealed for people to sign the organ donor register, describing transplantation as "life-changing".
'We need more'
Figures published by the NHS on Monday show the number of people in the UK donating organs after death has fallen for the first time in more than a decade.
Mr Whitby was born with a hole in the heart, which doctors predicted would mean he was unlikely to live more than a few years.
He defied expectations and lived normally until the age of 20, when his health began to deteriorate.
Image copyright Harefield Hospital Image caption Harefield Hospital, where the operation was carried out in 1985
Mr Whitby developed problems with his lungs and eventually one collapsed, which led to the decision to attempt a heart-lung transplant.
When the procedure was carried out in 1985 at Harefield Hospital in north-west London, he was only the ninth person to undergo it in the UK.
Heart-lung transplants are relatively rare because there are few suitable donor organs available and priority is normally given to people who only need a heart transplant.
Mr Whitby used the occasion of the 30th anniversary of his transplant to draw attention to the need for organ donors.
He said: "My heart-lung transplant has improved and extended my life beyond measure.
"We need more people to sign the organ donor register - without donors, where would that leave people like me?"
Andre Simon, director of transplantation at Harefield Hospital, said: "Andrew's world record shows how a person's life can be completely transformed through the gift of organ donation."
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Incoming Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has been warned he WILL get sacked.
The 45-year-old heads to the Etihad this summer after hugely successful reigns at Barcelona and Bayern Munich.
He opted to leave both clubs on his own terms and takes over at City as the most sought-after manager in world football.
But his successor at Bayern, Carlo Ancelotti, insists it is only a matter of time before Guardiola joins the ‘sack club.'
In an interview with the Times the Italian said: “At Chelsea I won the double. Sacked.
“At Real Madrid I won La Decima. Sacked.
“There is no manager in their career that is not sacked.
“(Sir Alex) Ferguson was sacked, (Marcello) Lippi sacked, (Fabio) Capello sacked, (Jose) Mourinho sacked, (Rafa) Benitez.
“The only one not sacked is Guardiola, but he's still really young. He has plenty of time.
“One day he will come into our club, the Sack Club.”
City are expecting Guardiola to return them to title contention after two years without a Premier League trophy.
He has also been charged with the responsibility of winning a first Champions League for the club.
The Catalan has been criticised by some sections of Bavaria's support for failing to land Europe's biggest prize during his time in Germany.
by David Sepulveda | Apr 24, 2015 2:06 pm
(5) Comments | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author
Posted to: Arts & Culture, Visual Arts, Ninth Square
“I can't call myself a man because of how I present myself, and I can't call myself a woman because of how I present myself,” Brian said. “I am in the middle.”
Brian was among the non-professional models for Gender, Projected: Exploring Gender and Identity Through Photography and Dialogue, a new portrait exhibit at the New Haven Pride Center.
“I do not identify my gender,” said Brian, who is 21. “I consciously choose not to because of society.”
The exhibit and its comprehensive project website seek to broaden the dialogue and demystify issues of gender expression and identity.
Like others in the exhibit, which is up at 84 Orange St. in the Ninth Square, Brian is clear about his gender and identity. Society, with its growing list of gender and sex-identity acronyms, lags behind.
While polls show Americans moving toward greater acceptance of same-sex marriage, there are a range of issues related to the LGBTQI (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and intersex) communities that have yet to be explored, let alone understood.
Enter photographers Am Norgren (at left in above photo) a secondary teacher, educational consultant and LGBTQ activist, and Resse Ramponi (at right) a psychiatric mental health nursing graduate student, whose project enlisted 18 volunteers—those self-identifying as cisgender, genderqueer, or transgender, to model for a series of photographs.
Having little modeling experience, those posing for portraits wore some of their personal clothing, but most outfits and make-up were secondhand or purchased from Goodwill. After collaborating with the Gender, Projected team on a variety of gender-expressive presentations within the subjects' comfort zone or beyond, each model was photographed against a plain white backdrop stripped of any suggestive content.
A glossary of “gender basics” terms and additional resources located on the Gender, Projected website were useful in facilitating dialogue around the exhibit. The word gender is defined as “different than sex, referring to the socially constructed roles, behaviors, activities, and attributes that society considers appropriate for men and women. “Male” and “female” are sex categories; “man” and “woman” are gender categories. During the exhibit many wore name tags that also displayed self describing gender-neutral pronouns such as “They,” “hir” and “ze” instead of “he/him,” or “she/her.”
Accompanying the exhibit photographs were questions or prompts followed by statements made by the models: What is androgyny? What would you be afraid to wear on the street? What makes you feel the most yourself?
In addition to the answers posted with the photos, and more expansive comments that were projected onto a screen, some models at the opening were on hand to answer questions about the project experience. Many also talked candidly about issues related to their journeys of self discovery and present gender status. Profiles and interviews of each model can be viewed on the Projected Gender website.
Aurelia (pictured), a 24-year-old from Metz, France, who works at Yale, said that she was the most uncomfortable being photographed in the feminine dress (far right in photo): “Notice that I was looking away from the camera.” The statement under her photo series reads: “That's the thing I love about the US — you can walk in the street hand-in-hand with your lover and no one is going to look at you or say anything. Where I'm from, most likely, people are going to say something.” Aurelia said she became aware that she was a lesbian at age 15, but remembered having dreams of kissing “the Little Mermaid when she was 6.”
“Gender fluid” is a term that aptly describes some people on the gender spectrum. For Brian, who was wearing make-up and a shade of flat-black, designer lipstick and who describes himself as androgynous, it is important to embrace and express aspects of both his feminine and masculine sides, though he said he has no intention of physically transitioning to become female in the future. Joe, a friend, is a gay male and a “five-time Bear titleholder.” Bears, explained Joe, are hyper-masculine gay males who take pride in their facial and body hair as well as their burliness and masculine garb.
Attending the exhibit was an engaged couple, Betty (left) and Mischa (right), who will be married in New Haven in June. Mischa said she believes that the Gender, Projected exhibit represents a milestone for New Haven.
Allison, who was visiting the exhibit from out of town, said she presents as female around 35 percent of the time; she is male and married to an evangelical wife, an issue that has presented challenges for the relationship. She said she remains loyal and committed to the relationship, a work in progress, but presenting as a woman is also an important part of who he has always been. Allison believes that the younger generation has little understanding about how difficult and problematic it was to express one's gender identity in an earlier era, when the predominant definition of gender was a binary model with male and female at opposite ends of the spectrum.
For many of the models and photographers, going through the process of modeling was a way to learn more about themselves in addition to raising awareness about gender identity issues. Kielty, who is female and gay, has taken greater confidence in wearing more male-oriented clothing since going through the modeling process with Gender, Projected. “Now that I have changed how I dressed, I have that confidence back. I find it interesting that a piece of clothing can do that to someone,” she said in her interview.
Preston, 51, who now self identifies as trans-male, said he was a lesbian before making the decision to transition nine years ago. With Preston at the exhibit were his two younger sisters, April and Amy. April, who is cisgender (a woman born biologically a woman), said that she always felt that her older sister (at the time) “was the brother I never had.” She said she had a period of mourning upon learning that her sister would be transitioning to become a man because she was “losing a sister,” but also felt happy and excited for him.
The youngest sibling, Amy, said she was in college when she fully understood and accepted her orientation as a gay woman. Attending the exhibit was Amy's wife, Janis, a long-time neighbor of the family, who already felt like an extended family member by the time of her marriage to Amy.
The three siblings noted that their parents were very open-minded and accepting of their gender identities and orientations. Preston said that when he told his father about transitioning to become a man, “he knelt down in front of me and told me how proud he was of me.” Preston also had a message for the greater community: “God knew who I was before I knew who I was, and I think he's pretty damn cool with it.”
Part of the Gender, Projected exhibit that has been gifted to the New Haven Pride Center can be seen Wednesdays and Fridays from noon to 2 p.m. For more information about the display call the center at 203-387-2252. To read more Gender, Projected model interviews visit the website here.
5 years ago
Updated 10:04 p.m. ET, 1/10/2014
(CNN) – A New Jersey State Assembly committee on Friday released a large batch of more than 2,000 pages of documents that are part of its investigation of top appointees to Gov. Chris Christie who closed down access lanes in September to the country's busiest bridge as an alleged act of political retribution.
CNN dug through the documents that shed more light on the scandal. Here's what we found:
Follow @politicalticker
Political fallout
-E-mail messages between top officials of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey reveal that another senior aide to Christie was aware of concerns that the bridge closure was not part of an ongoing traffic study.
Patrick Foye, the transportation agency's executive director, wrote a scathing e-mail that expressed concerns lane closures on the George Washington Bridge – which snarled traffic in Fort Lee – did not follow protocol or and created "dangers to the public interest."
Regina Egea, Christie's director of the authorities unit and a member of his senior staff, was forward the e-mail three hours after it was sent on September 9.
Bill Baroni, the Christie-appointed Port Authority deputy director, forwarded the e-mail to Egea.
Plenty in his own party happy to see Christie get comeuppance
-Messages exchanged between two former officials of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey claimed that Christie's top communications adviser had been monitoring the media reaction weeks after the controversial decision to close several traffic lanes leading from New Jersey into New York in September.
"Comella didn't think much of the story. Said no one was paying attention," Baroni wrote to David Wildstein.
Wildstein was then the director of interstate capital projects for the Port Authority on October 2.
Baroni immediately followed up that message with "Oh lol."
Wildstein responded, "Bridget same."
Christie, on Thursday, fired Deputy Chief of Staff Bridget Anne Kelly for her apparent involvement in lane closures.
Other e-mails released earlier this week suggested the gridlock was orchestrated by top Christie appointees and was politically motivated.
Maria Comella is a Christie deputy chief of staff and well known in national political circles.
Baroni and Wildstein have since resigned their posts.
The messages were released along with more than 2,000 documents and are part of the investigation by the New Jersey State Assembly into why top Christie advisers orchestrated the lane closures.
Who's who in Christie bridge scandal
-In a terse email, the executive director of the New York and New Jersey Port Authority expressed anger for not being told about the lane closures in New Jersey that lead into the George Washington Bridge and used his authority to immediately override the decision four days after the traffic patterns were altered.
He also expressed concern they may have resulted in critically slow emergency response time and may have violated the law.
"Reversing over 25 years of PA (Port Authority) GWB (George Washington Bridge) operations, the three lanes in Fort Lee eastbound to the GWB were reduced to one lane on Monday of this week without notifying Fort Lee, the communication public we serve," wrote Patrick Foye, the executive director, on September 13. "I am appalled by the lack of process, failure to inform our customers and Fort Lee and most of all by the dangers created to the public interest."
In his e-mail, which was sent to a number of high ranking officials on the Port Authority, Foye said, "I pray that no life has been lost or trip of a hospital- or hospice-bound patient delayed."
He also wrote that he believes the "hasty and ill-advised decision violates Federal Law and the laws of both States."
"I will get to the bottom of this abusive decision which violated everything this agency stands for," he wrote.
The email – part of the investigation into why top advisers to Christie orchestrated the lane closures on the country's busiest bridge in an alleged act of political retribution – resulted in many e-mails back and forth between Port Authority officials.
Baroni, who resigned in December over the controversy, replied to the e-mail on stating he was "on way to office to discuss" and that there "can be no public discourse" on the controversy.
In response, Foye tersely wrote, "Bill that's precisely the problem: there has been no public discourse on this."
After the Foye e-mail was leaked to the Wall Street Journal in September, David Samson, the Christie appointed chairman of the authority, wrote to another official on September 17, "I am told the ED (executive director) leaked to the WSH his story about Fort Lee issues-very unfortunate for NY/NJ relations."
Samson, in an e-mail on September 18, wrote, "This is yet another example of a story, we've seen it before, where he distances himself from an issue in the press and rides in on a white house to save the day."
Outrage over traffic jams
-According to documents released Friday, drivers began complaining about the traffic near the George Washington bridge immediately after the traffic lanes were reduced.
An e-mail to GW Bridge General Manager, Robert Durando, from an associate, described the types of complaints that came in.
It details one angry resident who wrote that her husband, who had been out of work for more than a year, was 40 minutes late to his new job.
The Port Authority is "playing God with people's jobs," she wrote.
Christie: 'I knew nothing about this'
-Durando acknowledged in an e-mail to a colleague that the lane closures on the bridge had become a public safety concern.
"Specifically traffic conditions required Ft Lee officers to remain out on corners, managing traffic instead of attending to public safety issues," Durando wrote in an e-mail on September 9, the first day of the lane closures. Traffic continued to be backed up in Fort Lee, New Jersey, until the lanes were opened on September 13.
In addition, the bridge general manager expressed concerns about the "inability of emergency response vehicles … to traverse the borough while responding to emergencies."
"Fort Lee is not happy," Durando said in another e-mail.
Jam delayed help to collapsed 91-year-old woman
-The documents released show, local officials in New Jersey expressed anger and shock that traffic lanes from Fort Lee into New York were shut down in September during an important Jewish holiday.
Scott Rechler, vice chairman of the board of commissioners of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, e-mailed other representatives on the transportation authority that he was "disturbed" that traffic was snarled "without regard to this being the Jewish high holiday weekend."
"This is terribly disturbing and incomprehensive to me," he wrote. "How can a decision like this be made without it being discussed and considered at the highest levels?"
-Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich charged that Port Authority of New York and New Jersey police were telling residents of his community that he was responsible for access lane closures on the George Washington Bridge that snarled traffic for several days in September.
"Many members of the public have indicated to me that the Port Authority Police Officers are advising commuters in response to their complaints that this recent traffic debacle is the result of a decision that I, as the mayor, recently made," Sokolich wrote in a scathing September 12 letter to Baroni.
"This decision has wreaked havoc upon our community during the morning rush hour," Sokolich wrote. "Unquestionably this decision has negatively impacted public safety here in Fort Lee."
Recap of Christie's news conference
Sokolich ended his letter by saying: "The basis, reason, or genesis of the decision is of no consequence to me; however, its profound and adverse impact on our community is of paramount importance to me."
Christie, who has denied any involvement in the bridge scandal, apologized to Sokolich in a meeting on Thursday following a news conference where the governor said he knew nothing about suggestions top appointees orchestrated the gridlock to punish the mayor politically for not supporting Christie for re-election.
More questions arise
-While the lane closings were allegedly political payback, documents released Friday show that a traffic study did in fact occur. Officials have defended the closings of access lanes to the bridge as a legitimate traffic study.
An "early assessment" of traffic patterns on the bridge was conducted. The assessment, which was released on September 12, the fourth day of the lane closures, produced findings that detailed the number of vehicles that used the Ft. Lee section of the bridge, peak traffic hours and what the impact would be if lanes were removed or added.
Traffic snarl delayed EMS, official says
-Wildstein forwarded e-mails about the bridge lane closures in September from his official account to his personal G-mail.
On one occasion, Wildstein forwarded the e-mails after a member of his staff told him that a Wall Street Journal reporter was asking questions about the lane closures.
Who is David Wildstein?
He did the same when Democratic Congressman Bill Pascrell sent a letter inquiring about the traffic getting onto the bridge.
-A cache of newly released documents suggests Baroni sought reaction from the governor's office on how he handled himself at a New Jersey Assembly committee hearing over the notorious traffic tie-ups in and around the George Washington Bridge in September.
After testifying in November before the panel investigating the matter, Baroni sent a message to David Wildstein asking if there was any “Trenton feedback.”
Wildstein responded “Good,” an answer that prompted Baroni to seek a more in-depth response.
After several exchanges between the two men, Wildstein wrote “Charlie said you did GREAT.”
In Christie's inner-circle, the only Charlie is Charles McKenna, who serves as the governor's chief counsel.
During a New Jersey Assembly committee hearing Thursday, Wildstein refused to answer any questions including communications about the traffic lane closures, citing his constitutional right against self-incrimination.
Democrats on the committee tell CNN they see no other logical explanation as to whom Wildstein was referring to, given the people involved in the conversation following Baroni's testimony.
-A high-ranking New Jersey lawmaker issued a statement amid the mass document release, saying the information in the records raises more questions in the investigation.
New Jersey Assembly Deputy Speaker Wisniewski, a Democrat, specifically questioned a meeting between Gov. Chris Christie and Port Authority Chairman David Samson that occurred one week before top aides to Christie ordered the access lane closures in Fort Lee.
"Included in these documents is a reference to what appears to be a meeting between Port Authority Chairman David Samson and the governor one week before Bridget Kelly issued the order to cause 'traffic problems' in Fort Lee," he said. "By submitting these documents, Mr. Wildstein is telling us they are related to the lane closures in some way. The question that demands answering is how?"
He also questioned how much top Christie aides knew about the lane closures.
Christie faces the music: The highlights
"How much of the full picture was the governor's senior staff given regarding the development of this lane closure project? With the tight control this administration maintains, it doesn't stretch the imagination that they were given more information than they let on. When they were preparing spin control, how could they not have been given the whole story?"
Advice for departing appointee
-A spokesman for Christie had dinner with Wildstein two days before the transportation official resigned over questions around the now-notorious multi-day traffic jam in Fort Lee last September, e-mails released on Friday show.
The day after the dinner in December, Wildstein thanked Michael Drewniak, the governor's spokesman, for his "sound advice" and the two men later e-mailed back and forth about how to announce his departure from the Port Authority.
In one email, Drewniak said the governor approved the final statement.
"Can you do dinner in New Brunswick this evening," asked Drewniak on December 4. Twenty minutes later, Wildstein wrote, "Sure as long as short notice doesn't inconvenience you."
The next morning, Wildstein wrote Drewniak. "Thanks again for all your sound advice last night, I always appreciate your friendship."
The e-mail did not detail any advice given to Wildstein.
He resigned on December 6 amid controversy over the closure of lanes on the George Washington Bridge that snarled traffic in Fort Lee for four days.
On Wednesday, e-mails suggested top Christie appointees orchestrated the gridlock to allegedly punish the mayor of Fort Lee for not supporting the governor's re-election effort.
Wildstein refused on Thursday to testify before a state legislative committee investigating the scandal.
In an e-mail on December 6, Drewniak sends Wildstein the finalized statement with the note, "This was my revised – which I sent to the Gov and he approved."
Christie says he knew nothing of any political vendetta and was stunned by allegations clouding his administration.
To be or not to be a politician
In the end, the statement read, "Mr. Wildstein has been a tireless advocate for New Jersey's interests at the Port Authority. We are grateful for his commitment and dedication to the important work of the Port Authority and thank him for his service to the people of New Jersey and the region."
– Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway insures grand prize while nation's fourth largest mortgage lender guarantees an additional $2 million in prizes for 20 most accurate brackets submitted nationwide and $1 million for funding of inner-city educational efforts –
DETROIT, January 21, 2014 – Detroit-based Quicken Loans, the nation's fourth largest mortgage lender, has joined forces with Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway to offer a chance at a $1 billion prize for completing the perfect bracket in this March's men's college basketball championship tournament.
Any qualified entrant who correctly enters the contest and predicts the winners of every game in the tournament will share the total $1 billion prize paid in 40 annual installments of $25 million. Alternatively, the winner(s) may elect to receive an immediate $500 million lump sum payment or share in that lump sum payment if there is more than one perfect bracket submitted.
“We've seen a lot of contests offering a million dollars for putting together a good bracket, which got us thinking, what is the perfect bracket worth? We decided a billion dollars seems right for such an impressive feat,” said Jay Farner, President and Chief Marketing Officer of Quicken Loans. “It is our mission to create amazing experiences for our clients. This contest, with the possibility of creating a billionaire, definitely fits that bill.”
In addition to the potential grand prize, Quicken Loans will award $100,000 each to the contest's 20 most accurate ‘imperfect' brackets submitted by qualified entrants in the contest to use toward buying, refinancing or remodeling a home.
In conjunction with the ‘Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge', Quicken Loans will also be directly donating $1 million to inner-city Detroit and Cleveland non-profit organizations that are dedicated to improving the education of young Detroit and Cleveland residents.
“Millions of people play brackets every March, so why not take a shot at becoming $1 billion richer for doing so,” added Buffett, Chief Executive Officer of Berkshire Hathaway, who is insuring the contest's grand prize. “While there is no simple path to success, it sure doesn't get much easier than filling out a bracket online. To quote a commercial from one of my companies, I'd dare say it's so easy to enter that even a caveman can do it.”
Free registration for the ‘Quicken Loans A Billion Dollar Bracket' will begin on Monday, March 3rd, 2014 and runs until Wednesday, March 19th, 2014. All participants registering prior to the tournament selection process will receive their brackets the evening of Sunday, March 16, 2014 when entrants can begin filling out their bracket.
To be eligible for the $1 billion grand prize, entrants must be 21 years of age, a U.S. citizen and one of the first 10 million to register for the contest. At its sole discretion, Quicken Loans reserves the right and option to expand the entry pool to a larger number of entrants. Submissions will be limited to a total of one per household. All qualified entrants are eligible for the 20 1st prize awards of $100,000 for selecting the competition's top 20 most accurate “imperfect” brackets.
Full contest rules along with more information about ‘Quicken Loans A Billion Dollar Bracket' will be released and published in the days and weeks leading up to the men's collegiate March championship tournament.
For contest updates, and to share what you would do with a billion dollars, visit www.facebook.com/quickenloans and on Twitter using the hashtag #billionbracket.
# # #
About Quicken Loans
Detroit-based Quicken Loans Inc. is the nation's fourth largest retail home mortgage lender. The company closed a record $80 billion of volume across all 50 states in 2013. Quicken Loans generates loan production from web centers located in Detroit, Cleveland and Scottsdale, Arizona. The company also operates a centralized loan processing facility in Detroit, as well as its San Diego-based One Reverse Mortgage unit. Quicken Loans ranked #1 in customer satisfaction among all home mortgage lenders in the United States by J.D. Power for four consecutive years in 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010.
Quicken Loans was named among the top-30 companies on FORTUNE magazine's annual “100 Best Companies to Work For” list for the last 11 consecutive years, ranking #5 in 2014. It ranked in the top-15 of Computerworld magazine's “100 Best Places to Work In Technology” for the past nine years, ranking #1 in 2013. The company moved its headquarters to downtown Detroit in 2010, and now more than 8,500 of its 10,000-plus team members work in the city's urban core. For more information about Quicken Loans, please visit www.quickenloans.com, on Twitter at @QLnews, and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/QuickenLoans.
About Berkshire Hathaway
Berkshire Hathaway and its subsidiaries engage in diverse business activities including property and casualty insurance and reinsurance, utilities and energy, freight rail transportation, finance, manufacturing, retailing and services. Common stock of the company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, trading symbols BRK.A and BRK.B.
A Plea for Simplicity
You can't secure what you don't understand.
Ask any 21 experts to predict the future, and they're likely to point in 21 different directions. But whatever the future holds--IP everywhere, smart cards everywhere, video everywhere, Internet commerce everywhere, wireless everywhere, agents everywhere, AI everywhere, everything everywhere--the one thing you can be sure of is that it will be complex. For consumers, this is great. For security professionals, this is terrifying. The worst enemy of security is complexity. This has been true since the beginning of computers, and it's likely to be true for the foreseeable future.
We all know the amount of testing that goes into any major software product, and we all know the number of bugs that still slip through. The testing process--implement, test, fix, test, repeat--is imperfect, but it's the best we've found. Security doesn't lend itself to this process, because security properties cannot be "tested" in the same way as functional properties. Products are useful for what they do, while security products are useful solely because of what they prevent from being done. A security product may work fine, but you have no idea if it is secure. No amount of beta testing can uncover a security flaw. Ever.
The only way to evaluate the security of a system is to analyze it. This is a time-consuming and expensive process, and almost no one bothers to go through it. If they did, they would quickly realize that most systems are far more complex to analyze, and that there are security flaws everywhere.
We've seen security bugs in almost everything: operating systems, applications programs, network hardware and software, and security products themselves. This is a direct result of the complexity of these systems. The more complex a system is--the more options it has, the more functionality it has, the more interfaces it has, the more interactions it has--the harder it is to analyze. Everything is more complicated: the specification, the design, the implementation, the use. And everything is relevant to security analysis.
This complexity isn't limited to single systems, but includes interactions between systems as well. For years we knew that Internet applications like sendmail and rlogin had to be secure, but the recent epidemic of macro viruses shows that Microsoft Word and Excel need to be secure too. Rogue printer drivers can compromise Windows NT. Malicious attachments can tunnel through firewalls. Maintenance ports on routers can compromise networks, as can random modems. DSL and satellite modems can completely compromise security. So can Java or Microsoft Outlook. Or your recycling bin.
The networks of the future will be necessarily more complex, and therefore less secure. The technology industry is driven by the demand for features, for options, for speed. There are no standards for quality or security, and there is no liability for insecure software. Hence, there is no economic incentive to build in high quality. In fact, it's just the opposite. There is an economic incentive to create the lowest quality the market will bear. Unless customers demand higher quality and better security, this will never change.
I see two alternatives. The first is to recognize that the digital world will be one of ever-expanding features and options, of ever-faster product releases, of ever-increasing complexity and of ever-decreasing security. This is the world we have today, and we can decide to embrace it knowingly.
The other choice is to slow down, simplify and try to add security. Customers won't demand this--the issues are too complex for them to understand--so a consumer advocacy group is required. This solution might not be economically viable for the Internet, but it is the only way to get security.
BRUCE SCHNEIERis CTO of Counterpane Internet Security Inc., a company trying to bring managed security solutions to complex networks. He writes the CryptoRhythms column for Information Security, and is the author of Applied Cryptography and the Blowfish and Twofish encryption algorithms.
Predictions
As systems get more complex, security will get worse.
As systems become more interconnected, security will get worse.
Unless manufacturers are held liable for security failures, security will get worse.
The only long-term solutions are to either embrace insecurity or eschew "Internet-years" style complexity.
In the short term, the best course of action for enterprises is to outsource security to companies that have the expertise to understand the systems being secured.
Categories: Business of Security, Computer and Information Security
It was always going to be a challenging day, and by challenging I mean gut-wrenching. After 17 years of good living, Millie was to draw her final breath.
Being a black Labrador, she was a most loyal and intelligent companion. At dawn every morning, I would hear the clip-clop of her paws on the floorboards as she came to say hello to me in bed. We walked together every day. She loved going in the car, which I appreciated because living in regional NSW I travel a lot; she would stand on the back seat and rest her head on my shoulder as I drove, as if she was pretending to be a pirate's parrot. At the end of every day, she would sit beside me on the couch as I watched the news on TV or listened to music.
Millie, Nigel Featherstone's Labrador and companion.
In her last two years, Millie suffered from arthritis, especially in her back legs. Despite excellent veterinary treatment, her daily walks went from 10-kilometre adventures up and down hills to 10-minute strolls to the nearest street corner and back. A heatwave also knocked her around, to the point she was panting all day. One morning, on one of her strolls, she developed a bad limp; as I carried her home in my arms, I knew the time had come. Forty-eight hours later, the vet came to the house. Millie died on the couch as I held her paw.
In the days and weeks that followed, my house was quiet and still, as though the core of the place had dropped away. It was common for family and friends to say: "How great it is that we give animals such love and care. Wouldn't it be wonderful if humans had the same opportunity to have a dignified death?" They were referring to euthanasia. Yes, it would be wonderful if humans had the opportunity for a dignified death. It is not right to let animals suffer; indeed it is justifiably a crime.
Close
Oculus Concepts has debuted on Oculus Store and the Samsung Gear VR is now officially available for $99.
The Gear VR is a mobile virtual reality device, which has been jointly developed by Oculus VR and Samsung Electronics.
Some games and apps are already available for the Gear VR via the Oculus Store and the new Oculus Concepts section will allow developers to post early versions of their games and apps. The early version of the games posted on Oculus Concepts will allow Gear VR owners to test the content before it is completed.
"Concepts is also a great way to discover content that's on the bleeding edge of VR development. You can download and purchase apps in the new Concepts section of the Oculus Store," per Oculus. "We hope Concepts helps developers continue to take risks, share ideas early, and define the future of VR gaming and entertainment."
A couple of Gear VRs are already available in the market but the new Gear VR is the final edition rather than an Innovator's Edition.
Over 25 new VR games are in the pipeline and gamers should expect them to be launched by December this year. Gamers can now enjoy playing some VR games such as Gunjack, Land's End and more on the Gear VR.
The latest Gear VR will also allow users to hang out with friends in the virtual world via the Oculus Social Alpha app.
Gamers can opt for a Gear VR compatible Bluetooth gamepad for enhanced gaming experience.
The price tag of the latest Gear VR is $99, which is cheaper than the previous iteration of the virtual reality headset. Many customers will like to try and experience the Gear VR; however, the headset is currently compatible only with Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus or Galaxy Note 5.
In the U.S., retailers such as AT&T, Best Buy, Amazon and more will also sell the Gear VR.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
So it's been a while sine I posted any content and I would like to apologize for this. I have been working on painting a lot of models to make new battle reports with actually have fully painted miniatures for once. Unfortunately my friends do not have the same motivation to get their models painted and I am left with ever few opponents. Any way I will be posting new content regularly now and thanks to MWG's guide to taking great miniature pictures I have set up a system for taking relatively decent pictures. I hope you all will like them.Please give feed back on how the pictures turned out and if there is any thing I could do to make them better.Please don't forget to rate, comment, and subscribe
As reported on Wednesday morning by Alan Pergament of The Buffalo News, the Rex Ryan Show is coming to Western New York this September - literally.
The TV show featuring the new Buffalo Bills head coach is slated to air its debut episode on September 12, 2015 at 7:00 p.m. ET - the night before the Bills (and Ryan's) season opener against the Indianapolis Colts. Pergament notes that the show will be produced by the Bills, will air on WKBW Channel 7 in Buffalo, and is set to be hosted by John Murphy, who was the former sports director at the station and is the current play-by-play announcer for the Bills. In addition to its prime-time slot on Saturday, the show will also re-air Sunday mornings at 11:00 a.m. ET.
The new show is another move by the Bills to provide additional access to Bills fans. Back in July of 2012, the team hired Murphy as a full-time employee, adding The John Murphy Show to his list of responsibilities. The weekly radio program was the team's first opportunity to provide additional content through WGR 550 and on the team's official website, and Ryan's show will add to that portfolio.
Pergament also passes along word that Buffalo's former head coach, Doug Marrone, did not want to do a television show during his two seasons with the organization.
A Klondike bar is an ice cream bar consisting of a square of vanilla ice cream coated with a thin layer of chocolate.
History [ edit ]
The Klondike bar was created by the Isaly Dairy Company of Mansfield, Ohio in the early 1920s and named after the Klondike River of Yukon, Canada.[1] Rights to the name were eventually sold to Good Humor-Breyers, part of Unilever.
The first recorded advertisement for the Klondike was on February 5, 1922, in the Youngstown Vindicator. The bars are generally wrapped with a silver-colored wrapper depicting a polar bear mascot for the brand. Unlike a traditional frozen ice pop, or traditional ice cream bar, the Klondike bar does not have a stick due to its size, a point often touted in advertising.
In 1976, Henry Clarke, owner of the Clabir company, purchased the rights to the Klondike bar, which had been manufactured and sold by the Isaly's restaurant chain since the 1930s.[2] Clarke introduced Klondike bars to consumers throughout the United States during the 1980s.[3][2] Under Clarke, sales of the Klondike bar increased from $800,000 annually at the time of the 1976 acquisition by Clabir to more than $60 million.[3]
In 1986, the US 11th Circuit Court of Appeals prohibited Kraft Foods from using a wrapper resembling the distinctive Klondike bar wrapper (its "trade dress") for Kraft's "Polar B'ar" brand ice cream bars.[4] The following year, the US Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal of the lower court ruling.[5] In 1988, Kraft settled a trademark dispute with Ambrit Inc., as the former Isaly Company, Inc. was then known, for $8.5 million.[6]
It was also the inspiration for the name of the musician Klondike Karl.
Varieties [ edit ]
Original Klondike bar with vanilla filling.
Many types of Klondike bar have been sold:
Additionally, the following products have borne the Klondike name:
Minis Snack Size Vanilla Ice Cream Bars
Slim-a-Bear Premium Fudge Bar
CarbSmart Ice Cream Bars
CarbSmart Fudge Bars
Klondike Nuggets – similar to Bon Bons and sold during the late 80s [7]
Choco Taco
Kandy Bars
Puck
Sandwiches
The Candy
Candy Bites
See also [ edit ]
The Marshall Islands, Oct. 31 (CNA) President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文) announced Tuesday that Taiwan will soon give visa waivers to the nationals of its six diplomatic allies in the Pacific.
Making the announcement during her address to the Legislature of the Marshall Islands, Tsai said she believed the decision will further enhance Taiwan's relations with these Pacific nations, which also include Kiribati, Nauru, the Solomon Islands, Palau, and Tuvalu.
The president said her administration's "steadfast diplomacy" policy, with a focus on "mutual assistance for mutual benefits," is aimed at strengthening bilateral cooperation and substantial ties with Taiwan's diplomatic allies to develop relationships that are reciprocal and mutually beneficial.
Taiwan has taken steps to enhance its exchanges with the Marshall Islands, such as in the area of education, she said, noting that a Taiwan-Marshall Islands presidential scholarship program was officially launched Monday.
She said Taiwan also attaches great importance to sustainable development and is committed to helping the Marshall Islands promote food security and healthy diets, with considerable progress having been made on farming and animal husbandry.
Taiwan's agriculture technical corps there, for example, has provided swine breeding stock for free to local farmers and has trained seed instructors who are responsible for teaching pig-raising skills and knowledge to the farmers, she said.
In addition, Taiwan has helped the Marshall Islands build "green farms," where waste produced on the farms is recycled and reused, she said.
She also assured the Marshall Islands that it will always have Taiwan's support in the fight against climate change.
The president, meanwhile, mentioned the Austronesian culture shared by both countries.
She noted that Council of Indigenous Peoples chief Icyang Parod and indigenous Legislator Kolas Yotaka are among the members of her delegation, hoping to deepen mutual exchanges and understanding using Austronesian culture as a medium.
Tsai is in the Marshall Islands after a two-night stay in Hawaii, and she will next visit Tuvalu and the Solomon Islands before another stop in U.S. territory, in Guam, on Nov. 3. She will return to Taiwan the next day.
(By Lu Hsin-hui and Y.F. Low)
Enditem/ls
Publishers Clearing House (PCH) is a direct marketing company that markets merchandise and magazine subscriptions with sweepstakes and prize-based games.
Publishers Clearing House was founded in 1953 by Harold Mertz to replace door-to-door magazine subscription sales by a single vendor offering multiple subscriptions by mail. It introduced its sweepstakes in 1967. In the early 1990s, the company was the subject of concerns and legal actions regarding whether consumers were misled about their odds of winning the sweepstakes and whether purchases increased their chances. By 2010, the company had reached settlements with all 50 states.
The company acquired search company Blingo in 2006,[3] online gaming company Funtank in 2010, and mobile marketing company Liquid Wireless in 2012.
History [ edit ]
Early history [ edit ]
Publishers Clearing House was founded in 1953 in Port Washington, New York, by Harold Mertz,[4][5] a former manager of a door-to-door sales team for magazine subscriptions.[6] The company started in Mertz's basement with help from his wife LuEsther and daughter Joyce.[7][8] Its first mailings were of 10,000 envelopes from Mertz's home in Long Island, New York, and offered 20 magazine subscriptions. 100 orders were received. Within a few years the company moved out of Mertz's basement into an office building and started hiring staff. When PCH moved its headquarters in 1969, its prior location was donated to the city and renamed the Harold E. Mertz community center.[8] The company revenue had grown to US$50 million by 1981, and $100 million by 1988.[6]
In 1967 PCH started its first sweepstakes as a way to increase subscription sales,[9] based on the sweepstakes held by Reader's Digest.[4] The first prizes ranged from 25 cents to $10 and entrants had a 1 in 10 chance of winning. After the sweepstakes increased response rates to mailings, prizes of[8] $5,000[6] and eventually $250,000 were offered.[10] PCH began advertising the sweepstakes on TV in 1974.[7][11] It was the only major multi-magazine subscription business until 1977. Former client Time Inc. and several other publishers formed American Family Publishers (AFP) to compete with PCH after the company refused repeated requests by Time for a larger share of sales revenue from magazine subscriptions.[4][8]
AFP and PCH competed for exclusive rights to magazines and for the better promotion and prize ideas. When AFP increased their jackpot to $1 million,[10] then to $10 million in 1985, PCH raised its prizes to match.[4] $7 million in prizes were distributed by 1979,[12] $40 million by 1991[5] and $137 million by 2000.[9] In 1989 two members of its advertising team, Dave Sayer and Todd Sloane, started the Prize Patrol, a publicized event where winners are surprised with a check at their home. The idea was inspired by the 1950s television series The Millionaire.[4][13][14]
In 1992 thousand discarded sweepstakes entries from contestants who had not bought magazine subscriptions were found in the company's trash,[4][15] reinforcing beliefs that the company favored those who made purchases in selecting a sweepstakes winner.[4] PCH said this was done by a disgruntled employee at their mail processing vendor.[8] A class action ensued, which PCH settled by giving discarded entrants a second chance to win.[4][15][16]
Government regulation [ edit ]
In the 1990s PCH and its primary competitor, AFP, experienced a series of legal troubles due to concerns that their mailings misled consumers about their odds of winning and implied that magazine purchases increased their chances.[4][10] This led to the Deceptive Mail Prevention and Enforcement Act of 2000, which regulates direct mail businesses.[4] At the senate hearings regarding this Act, PCH said most consumers were not confused about their chances of winning or that purchases did not increase their chances. The company said less than five percent of participants spend more than $300.[8] Government officials from California said 5,000 local consumers paid more than $2,500 each in magazine purchases under the false belief that they were increasing their odds of winning the sweepstakes.[17]
Industry sources estimated PCH's response rates decreased by 7-12 percent and its sales volume by 22 to 30 percent in response to the bad publicity from the lawsuits.[6][18] In 2000, PCH laid off a quarter of its 800-person work force.[18]
Lawsuits [ edit ]
In 1994 PCH sent mailings telling recipients they were all "finalists", which led to[10] a lawsuit involving the attorneys general of 14 US states.[19][20][21] Later that year, PCH denied wrongdoing, but agreed to pay a settlement of $490,000 and to change their practices.[20] Under the agreement, PCH said it would define terms like "finalist" and disclose the chances of winning.[22]
In 1997, a contestant of competitor AFP flew to Tampa, Florida, thinking he had won, though he had not. The resulting publicity caused more lawsuits for both companies.[6] PCH reached a $30 million national settlement in 1999.[8][23] In 2000, another $18 million settlement was reached with 24 states, after the company sent mass mailings that said "You are a winner!" and used mock personalized checks.[17][24] PCH agreed to avoid similar mailings in the future, and add a "sweepstakes fact box" to mailings.[17][24]
State attorneys spoke out against the national settlement from 2000 and additional lawsuits were filed by individual states.[8] Another $34 million settlement was reached in 2001 in a lawsuit involving 25 states, bringing the total settlements since 1999 to $82 million.[1][25] As part of the settlement, PCH was required to avoid terms like "Guaranteed Winner," add disclaimers to mailings saying that the recipient has not won and that purchasing merchandise won't increase their chances.[26][25][27] PCH reached settlements with all fifty states and agreed to work with a "compliance counsel."[6] PCH apologized in the settlement and said it would contact customers who had spent more than $1,000 on merchandise the prior year.[27]
PCH also reached an agreement with Iowa in 2007.[28] In 2010 the company paid $3.5 million to the Attorneys General of 32 states and the District of Columbia to settle possible contempt charges that it had violated the terms of the 2001 agreement. The company denied wrongdoing, but agreed to work with both an ombudsman and a compliance counsel who would review its mailings quarterly.[29][30][31][32]
In April 2014, an investigation by the Senate Special Committee on Aging concluded that PCH had "pushed the limits" of prior agreements and that additional legislation may be needed.[33]
Online development [ edit ]
PCH began selling merchandise in 1985[7] with two products. After a Hershey's Chocolate Cookbook and a diet cookbook sold more than other products, the company began expanding into jewelry, media, collectibles, household products and others.[8] The company also shifted its focus online.[1][34] It began selling magazine subscriptions and merchandise on PCH.com in 1996.[35] In 2006, it acquired Blingo Inc., an ad-supported metasearch engine that was later re-branded as PCH Search and Win.[13][36] PCH ran contests on Twitter, Facebook, and Myspace. iPhone apps for slot games and trivia were developed. The company created online play-and-win sites like PCH Games (formerly Candystand) and PCHQuiz4Cash, with air-hockey and video poker games.[1]
In December 2010, PCH acquired Funtank and its online gaming site Candystand.com.[37] In 2011, PCH promoted a "$5,000 every week for life" sweepstakes in TV ads and the front page of AOL.com.[11][26] The following year the company acquired a mobile marketing company, Liquid Wireless.[38] The company utilized, then stopped started again utilizing coregistration (through other websites) to expand its customer base.[39]
In 2008, a PCH spokesperson said the digital properties were intended to attract younger consumers. By 2013, the internet had become PCH's primary channel of interaction with consumers.[7] The New York Times described the digital transition as "part of an overall effort to collect information on Web users, show them advertisements and use the registration information for PCH's mailing lists."[1]
Products [ edit ]
A screenshot of PCHSearch&WIN.com
PCH is a direct-marketing company that sells merchandise, magazine subscriptions and operates several prize-based websites.[11] While best known for the sweepstakes and Prize Patrol it uses to promote its magazine subscriptions,[1][13][35] the majority of the company's revenue now comes from merchandise.[11] The company has been selling books, media, jewelry and other consumer items[4] since the 1980s.[8] PCH operates eight websites, including PCH Search and Win, PCH Lotto, PCH Games, PCH Save and Win, and Candystand.[1][11]
The company also sells magazine subscriptions at a discount and advertises subscriptions along with its sweepstakes.[40] It's estimated that companies like PCH keep 75-90 percent of the fees from the original subscription, while publishers use the increased distribution to improve circulation numbers and revenue from renewals.[10][41] PCH popularized the idea of using sweepstakes to sell magazine subscriptions in the direct-marketing market and became known by detractors as a producer of junk-mail for advertising through mass-mailings.[5][40] Documents filed with the New York State Department in 1993 said that year the company mailed 220 million envelopes. Frequent buyers can receive 30-40 mailings a year.[42]
Sweepstakes [ edit ]
The Prize Patrol delivering an oversized check to a sweepstakes winner for $1 million plus $5,000 a week for life
Although PCH advertises its sweepstakes along with magazine subscriptions, no purchase is necessary to enter or win.[10][42][43] In 1995, PCH began the tradition of announcing winners of its $10 million prize just after the Super Bowl.[44] As of 2012, $225 million in prizes have been distributed.[8] Some of its larger prizes are for $5,000 a week for life,[45] or $10 million.[46] Prizes can also range from $1 Amazon gift cards to $2,500, $1 million or $3 million.[47] The larger cash prizes are paid in installments, typically with a balloon payment at 30 years,[48] reducing the present value of prizes to much less than their nominal values.
Odds of Winning [ edit ]
According to the official rules, as of 2018, the odds of winning “$7000 a Week for Life” in Giveaway are 1 in 6.2 billion.[49] The odds of winning a PCH sweepstakes vary depending on the number of entries and what prize or sweepstakes is involved. Smaller prizes have better odds that may vary from one in 223 to one in 80,000, depending on the prize.[47]
Prize Patrol [ edit ]
The Prize Patrol surprises sweepstakes winners at their homes, work or other locations with cash prizes and captures the event on video.[7] Since their introduction in 1989, these reality TV-style videos of prize-winners surprised at their doorstep with checks for $1,000 to $10 million have been used in widely broadcast television commercials, and, more recently, in the company's online acquisition efforts, websites and social media communications.[7][11][26][50] In 2013, a $5 million television campaign modified the traditional prize patrol commercial by digitally altering video from classic sitcoms like The Brady Bunch and Gilligan's Island to show the prize patrol visiting characters in the show.[50]
The Prize Patrol has made in-person appearances or delivered prizes on TV programs such as The Oprah Winfrey Show[51] and The Price Is Right.[52][53] Their surprise winning moments have been spoofed by Jay Leno,[54] Conan O'Brien[55] and the cast of Saturday Night Live;[56] woven into the plots of movies such as Let's Go to Prison,[57][58] The Sentinel[59] and Knight and Day;[60][61] and the subject of cartoons.[8]
See also [ edit ]
Image caption Users can choose what they want to focus on after the image is taken
A digital camera that allows photographers to focus their pictures after taking them has gone on sale.
Rather than recording a single version of an image, the Lytro captures data about the intensity and direction of all the light entering its lenses.
That information can be reorganised later with the option to change which parts are blurred and which are sharp.
The "light field" technology was developed by company founder Ren Ng while he was at Stanford University.
Image caption The Lytro looks nothing like a conventional camera
It is, in some ways, analogous to the practice of shooting RAW images with a current generation digital camera.
In that example, the device records all of the light falling on its sensor without running it through processes such as colour balancing or sharpening. These can be applied later on a computer.
Similarly, by recording the light field passing through many tiny micro-lenses in the Lytro, the action of merging these to create a single flat image can be applied as a post-production effect.
The phrase light field was coined by Russian scientist Alexander Gershun in 1936. Work on developing capture mechanisms began to gain momentum during the 1980s and 1990s.
On its website, Lytro has published Mr Ng's 2006 university PhD thesis outlining his approach, which ultimately led to the commercial product.
In a press statement, Mr Ng said: "Light field photography was once only possible with 100 cameras tethered to a supercomputer in a lab.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC Click looks at Lytro ahead of its launch
The Lytro's image sensor is capable of capturing, according to the company, 11 megarays of data.
However, it is understood that megarays do not translate to megapixels, and final image quality may be considerably less than that of conventional digital cameras.
The camera is also capable of producing 3D images, a feature which will be added at a later date.
Ipsos-MORI survey shows voters in deprived areas now favour independence over remaining in the UK.
© STV
The campaign for an independent Scotland has received a boost in a new poll commissioned by STV News.
Thirty-four per cent of those certain to vote in the referendum said they would vote Yes, up three per cent on STV's September poll on independence.
Fifty-seven per cent of certain voters said they planned to vote No, down two per cent on September, and a further ten per cent remains undecided.
Mark Diffley, director at Ipsos-MORI Scotland, said: “This poll will provide some encouragement for Yes Scotland as we enter the most crucial part of the referendum campaign, as it is the first time we have recorded an increase in support for independence in nearly a year.
"However, it should be noted that the No campaign retains a healthy lead and would be likely to win the referendum by a significant margin if it were held now.
"Time will tell whether this represents a short-term spike in support for independence in the aftermath of the White Paper or if we are seeing a more significant shift in attitudes."
Ipsos-MORI surveyed 1006 Scots over the age of 16 between November 29 and December 5.
A key finding shows that Scots living in the most deprived areas are now more likely to support independence than the Union. Forty-seven per cent want independence compared to 45% who prefer the status quo. This is a reversal of the results from September, which had deprived-area voters backing the Union over independence by 45% to 42%.
In the country's more affluent locations, the No side enjoys 68% of support versus 26% for Yes.
The poll comes two weeks after the Scottish Government published its White Paper, "Scotland's Future : Your Guide to an Independent Scotland".
The document outlined the SNP's vision for Scotland in the event of a Yes vote, covering areas ranging from defence and welfare spending to education and currency.
However, STV's poll would suggest that the White Paper has not enjoyed the impact that the Scottish Government might have hoped for. Fifty-one per cent of all voters said the contents of the White Paper would make "no difference" to their vote while 20% said it was more likely to make them vote No. Eighteen per cent said they were now more likely to vote Yes and a further nine percent had not heard about the document.
Overall, the No campaign has a 23-point lead, which is down five per cent since September. When "don't know" voters are excluded, the balance of support among those certain to vote shifts to 37% for Yes and 63% for No.
The findings returned the Yes side to the 34% it polled in Ipsos-MORI's February poll, and put the No campaign up two per cent on the 55% it polled at that time.
The split between the two camps is closer among undecided voters, with 27% inclined towards Yes, 34% leaning to No, and 38% still up for grabs.
The gender gap, whereby women are less likely to support independence than men, remains in place but it has narrowed. In September, 54% of men opposed independence compared to 64% of women but these figures now sit at 52% and 61% respectively.
On the other side, 41% of men support independence, up one percent, while 27% of women plan to vote Yes, an increase of three per cent.
There has also been a shift in support for independence by age group. Those aged 35-54 are now the most supportive of independence, with 40% saying Yes against 50% backing No - a ten per cent bump for Yes on September.
Younger Scots, aged between 16 and 24, are also more likely to cast a Yes vote, with 34% backing independence set against 56% preferring to remain in the Union. This represents a five per cent boost for the Yes vote.
However, Scots in the other two main age groups have moved in the opposite direction and are now more likely to vote in favour of the United Kingdom. People between the ages of 25 and 34 now oppose independence by 59%-30%, up from 51%-37% in September.
Among the over-55s, there has been a one percent increase for the No side, with support for a No vote sitting at 62% against 29% for Yes.
When voters are broken down by their party affiliation, there is also some movement in voting intentions. Liberal Democrat voters are 11% less likely to vote Yes, dropping from 14% in September to three per cent in the latest poll. Ninety-one percent of Lib Dems say they will vote for Scotland to stay in the Union.
Support for independence has also risen among SNP voters, who now intend to vote Yes by 74% to 15%, up from 68% to 21% in September. Labour voters are two per cent more likely to vote for independence, with 18% telling Ipsos-MORI's researchers that they would vote Yes and another 73% describing themselves as No voters.
Conservative voters remain the staunchest supporters of the Union, with 96% intending to vote No.
Note: Where results do not add up to 100%, this may be due to computer rounding.
(Photo courtesy: Clemson Athletics)
SANDY, Utah – Real Salt Lake announced Saturday that it has signed defender Phanuel Kavita as a Homegrown Player. Per league and club policy, the financial terms of the contracts will not be disclosed.
"Phanny is a real success story of our Academy. He has excelled on the field for Clemson, but also in the classroom where he graduated early with a degree in psychology,” said RSL Technical Director Craig Waibel. “That sort of character is exactly the kind of person we want associated with Real Salt Lake and we are excited to have him join the club."
Kavita, 22, is a product of the RSL-Arizona Academy and was a standout at Highland High School in Salt Lake City's Sugarhouse neighborhood. He spent the last four years at Clemson University, where he started all four years and was the team's captain during his junior and senior seasons.
During his tenure with the Tigers, he started all 81 matches and keyed a strong Clemson defense. During his senior season, Clemson finished 12-7-3 with nine of the final 10 matches coming against nationally ranked opponents. In those 10 matches, Clemson went 6-1-3. The season culminated with an ACC Tournament Championship, the Tigers' first since 2001. Kavita was named to the All-ACC Second Team and to the ACC All-Tournament Team.
Real Salt Lake is now taking reservations for group outings in 2015. Group tickets are available on a first come first served basis. Due to tremendous support and the number of Pride Season Ticket holders, seats are extremely limited. Filling out a priority web form will guarantee you are at the top of the contact list for group seats in the 2015 season. Please fill out the form on the following link if you are interested in bringing out a group of 20 or more to a match this season. A group sales representative will be in touch shortly.
//www.realsaltlake.com/tickets/groups/webform
Click here for the full 2015 MLS schedule. As dates are finalized for the 2015 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup and the 2015/16 CONCACAF Champions League tournaments, changes to the 2015 RSL calendar will be reflected on the “SCHEDULE” page of www.RealSaltLake.com.
Player: Phanuel Kavita
Position: Defender
Height: 6-foot-1
Weight: 184 lbs.
Date of Birth: March 9, 1993
Birthplace: Salt Lake City, Utah
Citizenship: USA
How acquired: Signed as a Homegrown Player with Real Salt Lake on January 17, 2015.
NATO had already agreed to establish battalions of 800 to 1,200 multinational troops in Poland, Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia, as well as a brigade of four more battalions to be based in Romania and Bulgaria. The battalion in Poland is to be commanded by the United States and composed almost entirely of American forces.
Mr. Stoltenberg called it “the biggest reinforcement to our collective defense in a generation.”
While the reinforcement was prompted by Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014 and by what the Western alliance regards as continuing belligerent behavior from Moscow, NATO leaders insisted the reinforcement did not constitute the advent of a fresh Cold War.
Neither, Mr. Stoltenberg said, has the alliance achieved the closer relationship it wished to forge with Moscow after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
“We are in a new situation, which is different from anything we have experienced before,” he said.
Despite concerns that some NATO nations were softening in their support for sanctions against Russia, Mr. Cameron insisted that the alliance's message to Russia had not changed.
“We are not seeking confrontation with Russia,” he said. “Indeed, we are working to prevent it. So we will continue to pursue a twin track of deterrence and dialogue.”
Some issues have not changed during Mr. Obama's presidency. NATO's leaders agreed to extend its mission in Afghanistan through 2017, after the president's announcement on Wednesday that the United States would keep 8,400 troops in the country. Mr. Stoltenberg said the alliance was close to reaching its goal of $1 billion to finance the Afghanistan mission.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany made clear that worries about mass migration — one million migrants arrived in her country last year from Afghanistan and elsewhere — had factored into the decision to further support the Afghan government.
"I pray for my city, because my people tired of this," Michael Brown's father said.
It seems like a combination of “forever ago” and “just yesterday” that we all witnessed the turmoil following the vedict in Ferguson concerning Michael Brown's death.
Now, St. Louis is experiencing that nightmare all over again just one month after the third anniversary of Brown's death.
Former St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department officer Jason Stockley was charged by prosecutors last year for the murder of Anthony Lamar Smith in December 2011.
Cut to today: circuit court judge Timothy Wilson has acquitted the officer of the murder charge and an additional charge of armed criminal action, according to the Washington Post. Wilson wrote that he was “simply not firmly convinced” of Stockley's guilt after “agonizingly” going over the case's evidence over and over.
According to a probable because statement submitted to the court, Stockley was heard saying he was "going to kill this motherf*cker, don't you know it," talking about Smith.
Smith was killed after a police chase; Stockley instructed a fellow officer to ram Smith's car after Smith had begun to slow down.
After Smith came to a stop, Stockley approached Smith's window, and fired five shots into the car. All five shots hit Smith, and he died of his wounds.
A gun was later found in Smith's car, but only contained Stockley's DNA, leading some to believe he had planted the weapon.
Wilson came to his decision in part due to available dash cam footage. The clip shows Stockley approaching the car with his hand on his gun. The officer then can be “wrestling” with something at the window of Smith's car before firing off the shots.
Stockley claimed that he fired fearing for his safety. A medical examiner confirmed that Smith had been shot five times with one going through his heart, but couldn't confirm whether or not he had been reaching for anything at the time.
Wilson said that not enough evidence had been given to show that Stockley planted the gun, and that because he didn't approach Smith's car with his gun drawn, his actions weren't "consistent with the conduct of a person intentionally killing another person unlawfully."
Of course, the city expects community unrest following the verdict and is prepared for it.
"We know this verdict causes pain for many people," said Governor Eric Greitens, noting that Missouri's National Guard was on standby. "We have been in touch with city and county officials, and the state of Missouri will continue to assist them. I'm committed to protecting everyone's constitutional right to protest peacefully, while also protecting people's lives, homes, and communities. For anyone who protests, please do so peacefully."
Smith's fiancée, Christina Wilson, also called for peaceful protest. "If you feel like you want to speak out, speak how you feel. And whatever comes to you, just do it in a peaceful way."
"I pray for my city, because my people tired of this," Michael Brown's father, Michael Brown, Sr. told Reuters.
St. Louis police chief Lawrence M. O'Toole echoed these sentiments, asking that protests are done peacefully even though he knows “emotions are running high.”
"People have been asking me, 'Is it safe to go here or there?' and I tell them to continue to live their lives, just be aware of the larger issues the protesters are trying to call attention to. These issues have to be addressed." said O'Toole, according to the St. Louis American. "They are trying to shine the light on the injustices they see and feel."
Shortly after the acquittal announcement, demonstrators were seen marching and encouraging others to join them.
Protesters are marching in St. Louis after a judge found ex-cop #JasonStockley not guilty of murder in the killing of Anthony Lamar Smith. pic.twitter.com/Y01yFNv8Lv September 15, 2017
St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson expressed her disappointment about in the verdict in a written statement. "I am sobered by this outcome. Frustration, anger, hurt, pain, hope and love all intermingle," she wrote. "I will continue my work to create a more equitable community."
Missouri State Representative Michael Butler (D-St. Louis) was pointed in his reaction to the verdict.
Butler said he was “appalled” by decision, and that the verdict was “another slap in the face to the black community in St. Louis” as well as a “shot in the heart to the family of the victim.”
"This system and all the politicians calling for peace are ignoring the pain this verdict causes our communities. Anthony Lamar Smith is dead from a violent act and you want us to be peaceful? You want us to not feel anger? The very people paid to protect us are killing us, paid to make peace are perpetuating violence, and we are supposed to be peaceful?" Butler said. "We will be non-violent but we will not settle on peace. No justice. No peace."
Stockley's team of attorneys has yet to release a comment.
Still, the results were surprisingly positive in many respects. Of the parks surveyed, 88 percent scored an A or B, on average, and no park received a failing grade. Marcus Garvey Park in Harlem, which had scored a D on the last report card, raised its overall grade to 91. “Many problems that we identified in 2010 had been remedied, including broken benches in sitting areas and separating safety surfacing in the playgrounds,” the report said of Marcus Garvey.
Across all the parks surveyed, 6 of 11 features — sitting areas, natural areas, courts, athletic fields, playgrounds and trees — scored 90 or better.
Parks officials welcomed the results. “It shows steady improvement across the board in most areas and in most parks, and that's what we're striving for,” said Liam Kavanagh, the first deputy commissioner of the Department of Parks and Recreation.
He pointed to the department's own regular inspection system, which is conducted every two weeks in every park. “We use that to judge our performance and look to where we have to correct problems,” Mr. Kavanagh said. “Having it validated by New Yorkers for Parks is a testament to the men and women out in the field every day maintaining parks.”
St. Mary's Park in the Bronx received a perfect score of 100 for its drinking fountains, as it had in the last report card. But it lagged in other areas, earning a 63 for both its pathways, which were cracked and mud-covered, and lawns, which suffered from erosion. Seats were missing in the bleachers next to the baseball diamond, and a stairway had to be roped off for safety reasons. That brought its overall score to 78.
The slight improvement demonstrated in the report card came despite a steady decline in the parks department's operations budget since the financial crisis. The total expense budget, which includes maintenance, fell to $338 million in the current fiscal year, from $367 million in 2008. That resulted in the loss of hundreds of positions. And that decrease occurred despite the addition of 750 acres of new parkland.
“Despite improved scores, the bottom line is that the parks department hasn't had sufficient resources to keep up with the maintenance demands of 29,000 acres of parkland,” Ms. Leicht said. “We're simply asking them to do the impossible.”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
British Transport Police are appealing for help in identifying a youth after a train manager was the victim of homophobic abuse in Gloucestershire.
Officers have released an image of a teenager they want to speak to in connection with the incident which happened onboard a train at Kemble.
The incident took place shortly after 8pm on Saturday 2 March.
PC Frank Hedley said: “The train manager onboard the 2000hrs Swindon-Cheltenham service was checking tickets when he encountered three youths who did not have tickets.
“Two of the youths bought tickets but while the third attempted to pay using a card, it jammed in the ticket machine.
“The train manager asked the youth to write his details on a seat reservation card so that he could be contacted by the train company to recover the fare at a later date.
“However, the youth wrote a homophobic comment directed towards the train manager on the card before all three youths got off the train at Kemble station.”
PC Hedley added: “Abuse of any nature, including homophobic, towards members of rail staff is completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated by BTP.”
Anyone who can identify the youth, or his current whereabouts, should contact British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40, or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
We only celebrate World Fisheries Day once a year, but for the billions of people who rely on the sea for nutrition and millions who fish its waters for income, every day is fisheries day.
So this is a good time to pause and reflect on just how far America's commercial fisheries have come in the last decade.
Smarter management policies, more fishermen leading conservation efforts, and heightened consumer awareness add up to a fisheries landscape that's healthier than at any point in recent history.
Not only does this benefit our 30,000-some fishermen and the communities where they live, but it's also good news for those of us who like seafood.
Traditional fishing goes sustainable
Just a decade ago, many commercial fisheries were something of a free for all, with little incentive to do anything but fish first, fish fast, and fish until there was nothing left.
Risky for fishermen and detrimental to species abundance, this system too often corroded the health of fishing communities and fish populations alike. Since then, an alternative management approach called catch shares has transformed this dynamic in many domestic fisheries by aligning the economic interests of fishermen with long-term conservation outcomes.
There's a boatload of evidence (pun very much intended) that this approach is working.
Red snapper: Quite a comeback
As recently as 2007, the red snapper fishery in the Gulf of Mexico was on the brink of collapse. “In the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s the fishery was ruled by derby seasons where fishermen raced to catch as much fish as possible a few days every month,” my colleague Tim Fitzgerald noted in a National Geographic article.
Thanks to significant advances in sustainable fishing practices that helped fishermen adapt, red snapper populations in the Gulf of Mexico today are three times the size compared to 2007. More fish in the water means more revenue for fishermen today, and tomorrow.
West Coast ground fisheries: Restored
Groundfish such as sablefish and petrale sole, found along the U.S. West Coast, have long been popular dishes. But the traditional style of fisheries management left the fate of groundfish uncertain, particularly for long-lived slow-growing rockfish species.
We worked with fishermen and policymakers to integrate rights-based management and the results are extraordinary: Bycatch is down 75 percent and overfished species are recovering faster than expected.
Thanks to these and other improvements, the Marine Stewardship Council in 2014 certified 13 species to their standards for sustainable fishing, calling the fishery “the most diverse, complex fishery ever” to be assessed against the standard.
Retailers bring sustainable fish to the masses
Fishermen catching fish are only one side of the equation; the public needs access to sustainable fish for the gains to be truly durable. Once again, a lot has changed over the last decade.
Regional grocer H-E-B had an existing sustainability policy covering all fresh, frozen and prepared seafood items they sold, but we enhanced these efforts by working with the retailer's suppliers to further improve sustainability and increase access to appropriately farmed fish.
And Walmart, the world's largest retailer, now says that more than 90 percent of Walmart U.S., Sam's Club and Asda's (United Kingdom) seafood has earned Marine Stewardship Certification or Best Aquaculture Practices, or is engaged in a Fishery Improvement Project.”
We vote with our wallets as much as on election days, and savvy food suppliers are answering the consumer call for more environmentally responsible options when it comes to seafood.
Currently more than two-thirds of the fish caught in U.S. federal waters are managed sustainably under catch shares. If we keep fishing and eating right, that number can and should go even higher.
Even better, success in U.S. waters can be scaled up to help build a sustainable global food supply. And that's no clickbait.
Buchbinder Legionaere 001 000 201 4 15 0 Solingen Alligators 001 000 103 5 7 0
The Buchbinder Legionaere Regensburg out-hit the Solingen Alligators 15-4 midway through the ninth inning of game three of the best of five final series in the German Baseball-Bundesliga on Saturday. But in the end the Alligators celebrated a 5-4 comeback win. Solingen erased a 2-4 deficit in the process and won thanks a two-run walk off single by Dustin Hughes. They are now one win away from winning their second title since 2006. Game four is scheduled for Sunday at 2pm CET. You can watch it live at www.legionaere.de/tv.
In a tight ball game Mike Bolsenbroek (8 IPs, 5 H, 4 R, 3 ER, 2 BB, 10 SO) out-pitched Andre Hughes (15 H, 4 R, 4 ER, 3 BB, 3 SO), who was heavily helped by a stellar defense to keep his team in the game. Regensburg broke a 1-1 tie with a wild pitch and a RBI single by Evan LeBlanc in the seventh and even though Dustin Hughes answered with a solo home run seemed to be en route to the victory. The Buchbinder Legionaere added an insurance run in the top of the ninth through LeBlanc's sac fly and only needed three more outs to defend a 4-2 lead.
But getting these last three outs proved to be too difficult. The Alligators opened the bottom half of the ninth with a walk by Tanner Leighton and a single by Travis Bass chasing Bolsenbroek from the game. Boris Bokaj came in and got surprised by Kai Gronauer's bunt, who reached first to load the bases. The Czech right-hander didn't recover. With Dustin Hughes at the plate he first threw a 0-2 pitch in the dirt for a wild pitch, allowing Leighton to score from third base. Hughes drove the next pitch into left field for the decisive game-ending two-run single.
Photo: Gregor Eisenhuth, www.eisenhuth-photographie.de
Lone Star College operations review finds tax accounting error
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Lone Star College operations review finds tax accounting error 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Lone Star College System announced that an internal review of operations at LSC-University Park revealed that the college system had not paid taxes on commercial rental properties as required by law.
The complex at University Park was purchased in 2008 and includes a college (LSC-University Park), a number of System Office departments and employees, a University Center, and a commercial lease component.
The portion used for educational purposes is tax exempt. The commercial lease component is taxable and part of a strategic effort to diversify revenue sources and manage the college efficiently. Lone Star College purchased over 1 million square feet and will lease out available space until the campus at that site reaches its maximum enrollment potential, estimated to be 18,000-20,000 students over a 10-year period.
“We proactively contacted the Harris County Appraisal District and met this week with Mike Sullivan, Harris County Tax Assessor-Collector,” said Steve Head, LSC chancellor. “The amount is significant and we acknowledge an inadvertent error in our internal accounting and management oversight. The University Park commercial lease activities are part of our auxiliary enterprises and payment of the taxes will not involve any taxpayer monies.”
Board Chair Linda Good noted that the Board has been kept informed and reiterated the commitment of the Board to ensure that college funds are properly monitored in an open and transparent manner.
“This is good news for taxpayers,” said Tax Assessor-Collector Mike Sullivan. “Chancellor Head is handling this professionally and expeditiously. I appreciate Lone Star College and its service to our community. Lawyers assisting the school have determined that total taxes due are $2,024,000. We are working with the College to triple-check the numbers and finalize a repayment plan, getting that money into the hands of taxpayers.”
Lone Star College is reviewing its internal processes and remains committed to its students, taxpayers and community.
The history has not selected an individual woman as its "X of the Year" since then-president of the Philippines Corazon Aquino was named Woman of the Year in 1986. In 1999,changed the annual year-end honorific, which had almost exclusively been a "Man of the Year" since its inception, to "Person of the Year," but it merely created an illusion of parity. Still no individual women.This year, no different.'s Person of the Year is Mark Zuckerberg , aka Professor Facebook.(Btw: The last time an individual person of color got the award, before president-elect Barack Obama in 2008, was when AIDS researcher Dr. David Ho was "Man of the Year" in 1996.)To put into perspective exactly how absurd this parade of white men really is, George W. Bush was "Person of the Year" twice in the last 10 years, in 20002004.And, of course, there was the infinitely stupid 2006 cover , which featured a reflective screen and the word "You.""Person of the Year," my ass. Ifdoesn't believe there's been a single individual woman deserving of the title in 24 years, then the least they could do is be honest and go back to calling it what it really is: "Man of the Year."Because the message being sent by having not found a single woman deserving of the cover in longer than a girl child could be born, attend grammar school and junior high, graduate from high school, graduate from college, get her Master's degree, and settle in at her first job, isthat she could be their "Person of the Year" someday.It's that she shouldn't waste a dime of her 79-cent-on-the-dollar salary on their garbage magazine.---------------------Every year,also features runners-up to their "Person of the Year." This year's runners-up are: The Tea Party Julian Assange , and the Chilean Miners . So no individual women made their list of runners-up, either.
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has upped the ante in his war of words with Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) over Mitt Romney's tax returns.
In an interview with "Fox & Friends," Priebus put all his cards on the table, continuing to hammer the Senate Majority Leader.
"There's no triple down in blackjack, but I'll triple down on my comments from yesterday," Priebus said. "It's just the truth. What else do you call somebody who goes onto the Senate floor and claims that someone hasn't paid taxes in ten years, a complete lie, and uses his official office to do it?"
Priebus' attacks stem from Reid's interview with The Huffington Post on Tuesday, where the senator cited a Bain Capital source who claimed that Romney skirted past paying his taxes for 10 years. In a Sunday appearance on ABC's "This Week," Priebus called it a "made-up issue," refusing to "respond to a dirty liar" in reference to Reid.
"You just called him a dirty liar," ABC host George Stephanopoulos asked. "You stand by that -- you think Harry Reid is a dirty liar?"
"I just said it," Priebus said.
“What Harry Reid said is the fact of what he was told," Krone told Politico. "To turn it around, all their childish rants this weekend about calling Reid a ‘liar' and all that, it just shows you how scared they are that Harry Reid was telling the truth."
In an interview with The Huffington Post, Pelosi mirrored Krone's certainty.
Chicago police have charged two suspects after a motorist told them a city tow truck driver and his alleged accomplice demanded money for the return of her car.
A 39-year-old woman late Friday flagged down officers in the 500 block of South Columbus Drive and told them a tow truck from the Chicago Streets and Sanitation Department seized her car. She claimed the driver said he would return her car if she paid a “nominal fee” to a woman who was parked nearby – also supposedly a city employee — according to Chicago Police News Affairs.
After a preliminary investigation, officers arrested the tow truck driver and his alleged accomplice. Charged with felony theft by deception were Chicagoans Lennie Perry, 40, and 28-year-old Arica Perry, police said.
Further details about the alleged shakedown were not available.
A spokeswoman for the Streets and Sanitation Department said city officials are aware of the allegations. The department had previously referred them to the Inspector General's Office.
“Any motorists who are solicited by a tow truck driver for any cash should immediately report it to police,” the spokeswoman said.
Max Martini (Crisis, The Unit) is getting in the spy game.
The actor will guest-star on Season 5 of Coverts Affairs as a former CIA operative, USA Network has announced.
RELATED | Spoilers on Once, NCIS, Defiance, Falling Skies, Rizzoli, 24, Covert, Graceland and More!
Martini's Nathan Mueller resurfaces after mysteriously going off the grid and comes face-to-face with Annie, who is unsettled to discover they share similar inner demons.
Covert Affairs returns Tuesday, June 24 at 10/9c.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
*AMC's Hell on Wheels will return for Season 4 on Saturday, August 2 at 9 pm. The expanded run of 13 episodes will air in two parts, with the first 10 hours running consecutively through Oct. 4. After a brief hiatus (for FearFest programming), the final three episodes will unspool beginning Nov. 8.
* DreamWorks Dragons, the animated Cartoon Network program based on the film How to Train Your Dragon, is moving to Netflix beginning in Spring 2015, our sister site Deadline reports.
* Showtime will air the documentary L Word Mississippi: Hate the Sin, about a group of Southern lesbians, on Aug. 8 at 9 pm.
RELATED | FX's The Strain Retains the Novels' Biologically ‘Compelling,' Non-Sparkly Vampires
* FX has unveiled the first trailer for its spooky new vampire drama The Strain. The series, premiering July 13 at 10 pm, is based on the best-selling vampire novel trilogy written by Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan.
While Trump's decision to bomb a Syrian airfield in response to use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government got the lion's share of the press attention about American involvement in Syria (probably because of the contrast with Obama's preference for diplomacy despite his “red line” threat), the more important strategic operations have not been discussed as fully. Building upon the successful establishment of two airfields last year, the US has expanded or established bases at crucial locations and begun to attack key targets in the northern part of Syria that show an excellent understanding of the topography and logistics of the region. These developments may be the linchpin in choking off traffic and crippling supply and movement of ISIL, and should contribute to the long-term goal of securing Hasakah and Raqqah provinces. What is interested in all of this, perhaps due to the historical expertise of National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, is that this logistical focus mimics the attack routes that were vital to invasions of the area from Alexander the Great down to Julian the Apostate.
The Euphrates River as an ancient supply highway
In the era of Alexander the Great, supply and communication were important constraints on military action; the logistics of his march through Syria are extremely well described by Donald Engels. Essentially, because of the lack of water sources in surrounding areas, the rough Taurus Mountains to the north and Arabian Desert to the south, and the provisions and easy transport supplied by it, the Euphrates River was a common “highway” for military movement in antiquity. Controlling and utilizing it was essential to control of the trade and military actions between the Mediterranean coast and Mesopotamia. In his defense against Alexander, Darius III kept his army on the Euphrates, and Alexander surprised him by crossing northern Mesopotamia to follow the Tigris River (near Mosul, which ISIL also recognized as vital) instead. However, almost every major invasion of the area from the west has gone through what is now southeastern Turkey to reach the headwaters of the Euphrates, including those of Trajan, Septimius Severus, and Julian the Apostate. Crassus reaped the gruesome rewards of avoiding the Taurus/Euphrates route.
The Euphrates valley was important not only as a military route, but also as a source of agricultural income and a crucial portion of the early Silk Road. Therefore, the nation that controlled the northern Euphrates valley could finance their military through control of trade and taxation (which Zenobia's husband used to assert his own quasi-independence from a city that ISIL has ironically destroyed), a fact that has changed only in the economic transition from agricultural production to petroleum extraction. Now, ISIL not only taxes and sells oil to support its endeavors, but it knew from the outset to seize strategic locations on the route and even wanted to use the Euphrates river as its logo!
The mountains north of the Euphrates
The famous historian and general, Xenophon, was part of an army that followed the Euphrates down to a fateful battle at Cunaxa, and his retreat through the Taurus Mountains and ancient Armenia involved encounters with natives who were extremely capable in skirmishing on mountainous terrain. Both Xenophon and Mark Antony learned how difficult this route was, and the successful Kurdish defense of the Sinjar mountains and victories in the mountains of northeastern Syria using small arms and mobile forces while conceding villages is reminiscent of these ancient raiding methods. Though bombing obviously differs in technology and methods from ancient infantry, it also involves avoiding direct battle in order to destroy resources and harass enemy armies in motion, and so the American strategies based on assaults from the Rmeilan and Incirlik airfields over the past year have used the same attrition tactics to wear down ISIL strongholds.
What comes next?
If ancient campaigns can tell us anything, it may be that the US is transitioning from bombing from afar to more direct assaults on the cities, roads, and resources of ISIL along the northern Euphrates. The US still holds bases in northwestern Syria, defending the western flank of Kurdish-controlled territory and providing a buffer to Turkey (which, along with Turkish efforts to stop individual penetration of the border, should mitigate ISIL recruitment and international travel). Now that it has augmented this by creating bases that choke off routes to the headwaters of the Euphrates and allow closer engagement with ISIL since January, the US seems to be poised to contain ISIL attacks with greater alacrity and support Kurdish ground assaults on the ISIL capital of Raqqa. The escalation may be as support in the race to Raqqa and to take advantage of victories in eastern half of the campaign in Mosul, and comparison to the campaigns cited above would indicate that the US and Kurds are moving much slower than ancient campaigns, but using the same routes, attacking targets in similar ways, and with the same respect for topography and logistics.
ISIS extremists execute five Syrians on charges of spying for rebels in al-Bukamal
US-led coalition cooperates with Syrian rebels to cut off ISIS supply line on Iraqi border
No change in Obama policy towards Syrian Kurds despite internal dissent: analysts
ARA News
ERBIL – Militant fighters of the Islamic State (ISIS) on Wednesday captured a military airport in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor province, local sources reported.
Subsequent to clashes with the opposition-linked New Syrian Army, ISIS militants regained control of the Hamdan airport.
ISIS had lost control of the airbase to the New Syrian Army earlier this week, before fighting back and recapturing it.
“More than 40 rebel fighters were killed in the ISIS offensive on Hamdan airport,” a spokesman for the New Syrian Army told ARA News. “Our forces retreated to avoid further losses, as the ISIS radical group brought huge military reinforcements to the area.”
Hamdan airport is located 5km west of al-Bukamal city in Deir ez-Zor province.
Syrian rebels on Tuesday launched a major offensive against militants of the Islamic State (ISIS) in al-Bukamal.
The western-backed New Syrian Army bombed ISIS positions in al-Bukamal city near the border with Iraq.
“This new operation is aimed at recapturing al-Bukamal and cutting off a main supply line for ISIS between Iraq and Syria,” a spokesman for the New Syrian Army told ARA News on Tuesday, speaking on condition of anonymity.
The official confirmed that several rebel factions took part in the operation led by the New Syrian Army, adding that opening this new frontline against ISIS could help to accelerate the progress made by other rebel groups against the group in Syria.
This comes as the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) continued their military operations against the Islamic State in northern Syria, especially at the battlefront of Manbij pocket on the border with Turkey.
Military sources reported that the rebel fighters have entered the administrative borders of al-Bukamal and took over a number of ISIS positions there on Tuesday midnight. ARA News could not verify the number of casualties in the clashes.
The New Syrian Army was formed some 18 months ago from rebel fighters driven out of eastern Syria by ISIS as it expanded its territories in mid-2014 following the capture of the Iraqi city of Mosul.
Reporting by: Chalak Ahmed
Source: ARA News
× Expand Adler Planetarium
This weekend will be perfect to walk among the trees at the Morton Arboretum, learn about Mars and the stars at the Adler Planetarium or pay a visit to the more than 40 species of exotic high-flying butterflies in the Judy Istock Butterfly Haven at the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum. Thanks to Museum Day Live!, you and a guest can visit each of those places and many more cultural institutions for free on Saturday, Sept. 23, 2017.
Museum Day Live! is an annual event hosted by Smithsonian Magazine. It is billed as a “celebration of endless curiosity” and is a great reason to either revisit one of your favorite museums or to check out somewhere brand new to you and your family.
In the Chicago area, the following museum and cultural institutions are participating:
Adler Planetarium
Aurora Regional Fire Museum
Balzekas Museum of Lithuanian Culture
Busy Beaver Button Museum
Chicago History Museum
DuSable Museum of African American History
Geneva History Museum
Glessner House Museum
Illinois Holocaust & Education Center
International Museum of Surgical Science
Intuit: The Center for Intuitive and Outsider Art
Lincoln Heritage Museum
Mayslake Peabody Estate
Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago
Museum of the Grand Prairie
National A. Philip Randolph Pullman Porter Museum
National Hellenic Museum
Peoria Riverfront Museum
Poplar Grove Vintage Wings and Wheels Museum
Smart Museum of Art
The Museums at Lisle Station Park
The Morton Arboretum
The Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum
Willowbrook Wildlife Center
You can find all participating museum around the country here.
Here's how Museum Day Live! works: once you've determined where you'd like to visit, head to the Museum Day Live! website and enter your choice and email address. They will send you an email with a link to your downloadable ticket. Some venues are accepting tickets on your smartphone.
Each Museum Day Live! ticket is good for admission for the ticket holder and one additional person. The fine print says one ticket per household. The ticket is not valid for special exhibits, IMAX film screenings, parking or other offers. If you're not sure what's covered, call ahead. You may visit only one museum with a Museum Day Live! ticket.
If Saturday doesn't work for your family's schedule, fear not! There are other free days coming up. You can find a listing of museum free days on Chicago Parent and read the best tips on making the most of museum free days.
Canadians are a relatively happy bunch — the fifth happiest in the world, according to new data from the 2015 World Happiness Report released Thursday.
The report issues a score on a scale of zero to 10 based on Gallup World Poll data collected from people in more than 150 countries between 2012 and 2014.
Researchers then analyze the "life evaluation" data to rank countries, ostensibly providing a comparative overview of people's "subjective well-being" in each. The report was first published in 2012, with new editions released every 18 months.
Canada, which got a score of 7.427, for fifth place, was narrowly surpassed by:
Switzerland (7.587).
Iceland (7.561).
Denmark (7.527).
Norway (7.522).
When the report was last published in 2013, Canada ranked sixth, with Denmark in the top slot.
The variables used to formulate final scores are:
Income.
Healthy years of life expectancy.
Availability of social support.
Generosity (i.e. how many people have donated to charity in the last month).
Perceptions of corruption in government and business.
Individuals' perceptions of their personal freedoms.
John Helliwell, a professor emeritus of economics at the University of British Columbia and a co-author of the report, said the ultimate goal is to broaden the scope by which governments assess the state of their countries, and to get the general public interested in new ways of measuring well-being.
"The people who design our institutions and govern our lives need to pay attention," he told CBC News.
"If there is a broad public understanding of the evidence and its implications, then the political process starts to take more notice."
Helliwell also hopes that statistical agencies within individual countries will begin collecting the kind of data presented in the report to identify and learn lessons from the happiest regions and communities.
Social networks
The average score in the top 10 countries is 7.4 — more than twice as high as the bottom 10, which come in at an average of 3.4.
According to the report, income differences account for "as much as one-third" of the gap in the average scores of the top and bottom 10 countries, because "of the six factors, income is the most unequally distributed among countries."
For example, the income measure used in the report, GDP per capita, is on average 25 times higher in the top 10 countries than in the bottom 10, according to the researchers.
The five countries at the bottom of the list are:
Rwanda (3.465).
Benin (3.340).
Syria (3.006).
Burundi (2.906).
Togo (2.839).
The U.S. ranked 15th overall, bested slightly by its southern neighbour Mexico.
But Helliwell said one theme persists in the raw data and analysis regardless of income — "the importance of social factors and the norms and networks that connect people."
These networks include "everything from the degree of trust and collaboration in the workplace to time spent with family and friends, for example."
Happiness and global recession
The authors also analyzed how happiness may have been affected by the global recession.
Researchers looked at numbers from 2005-07 and 2012-14 and found that of the 125 countries with data for both periods, "53 had significant increases, ranging from 0.15 to 1.12 points on the 0 to 10 scale, while 41 showed significant decreases, ranging from –0.11 to –1.47 points, with the remaining 26 countries showing no significant change."
Canada counts among the countries that appeared to be relatively unchanged, though there was a slight happiness decrease of about 0.02 points.
Greece, which took a heavy hit during the recession and continues to struggle to claw its way out of a financial crisis, had the most dramatic decrease of the countries listed: nearly 1.5 points.
The comparison of pre- and post-recessions scores provides insight into the importance of social connections, Helliwell said.
For example, the banking systems of Iceland and Ireland were decimated by the recession, yet their scores remained high because "they have some of the strongest social connections in the world."
Iceland and Ireland, for example, have the highest number of people who say they have someone they can count on when times are tough.
While these connections are more difficult to quantify, Helliwell says, they are critical to understanding why some countries managed to maintain their happiness during the darkest period of the recession.
The 2015 report comes on the heels of a "happiness" study by Statistics Canada. That report, which looked at life satisfaction in different regions and cities, put Saguenay, Que., on top and Vancouver dead last.
“It was an expensive mistake,” sings Car Seat Headrest's Will Toledo on “The Ballad Of The Costa Concordia,” the 12-minute opus that comes near the end of his 13th record under the Car Seat Headrest moniker. The same song has a verse lifted from Dido's “White Flag,” whose “Thank You” was famously incorporated into Eminem's “Stan.” It turns out that this line also applies to the other, less typical sample on Teens Of Denial, the Cars-referencing “Just What I Needed / Not Just What I Needed.”
For months, both Toledo and his label, Matador Records, thought that the Cars sample was cleared for use. As Stereogum pointed out, it's hardly a sample in the traditional sense: “Just What I Needed / Not Just What I Needed” opens with Toledo playing a palm-muted E-chord and inserting some staccato strikes into the rhythm. It's meant to play off the familiarity of the mega-hit “Just What I Needed,” as the listener waits for the Cars song to kick in, only to find Toledo darting off in his own direction. And this is just the start: Following the track's second chorus, Toledo opts for full homage, playing the first verse of “Just What I Needed” with altered lyrics (“It's not the way you cut your hair / That's a pretty nice haircut”) and running the song off a cliff just before the Cars' chorus would have taken off. That is, until a week before the album's release, when Cars frontman Ric Ocasek objected to his work being used in this manner.
Advertisement
Matador's official statement, released when the news broke on May 12, claimed “Matador had negotiated for a license in good faith months ago, only to be told last week that the publisher involved was not authorized to complete the license in the United States, and that Ric Ocasek preferred that his work not be included in the song.” In short, Matador had believed the sample to be cleared, but the publishing house didn't actually have the right to grant that clearance. Ocasek's objection means that roughly 10,000 LPs and CDs will be destroyed. According to Rusty Clarke, Matador's head of sales, it'll end up costing the label in excess of $50,000, and that's on the low end. Like the song says: It's an expensive mistake.
“This is definitely an unprecedented situation,” Clarke told The A.V. Club. “We've never had to actually recall an album from retail before.” And while the physical loss is huge, as no part of these recalled products are salvageable—which pushes the album's physical release to July—fans that pre-ordered digital copies were also put out. “We'd had it up for pre-order since March, so it had accrued a fair number of pre-orders at iTunes and Amazon and Google Play,” says Clarke. “We were able to switch out the audio that the artist re-recorded and we had mastered in a 48-hour turnaround, which was kind of amazing… but we had to redeliver it elsewhere. That means that we lost our pre-orders. So that was a little bit sad, too. And, of course, it's not a great customer experience for those people who had pre-orders. Now they'll be essentially confused as to why they're not getting their album delivered.”
That track swap is something that Toledo had been preparing for all along, though he didn't think he'd be re-working the song a week before its release into the aptly titled “Not What I Needed.” Says Toledo, “I've always had a tendency to quote songs and be a bit free with other peoples' work. I was kind of expecting to encounter some roadblocks and to have to be flexible if there was no other option to change the work. It seems like things had worked out, so I had put it to rest for the time being.”
Advertisement
This backup plan involved cutting the intro and outro but keeping the track's guts in tact. Now, instead of Ocasek, Toledo is found sampling himself. “It starts this loop of guitars, and then from there it goes into a sample of ‘Something Soon,' which is a song off the last record that we put out,” says Toledo. “The pieces were already in place, and I just had to see the opportunity to put it in there. What kind of sealed the deal is that it ends up being in the same key as the track that follows it, which is ‘Drunk Drivers / Killer Whales.'”
And while Toledo wasn't crushed by the outcome—“in a weird way, it was sort of an empowering experience for me”—Matador wasn't as blasé about it all. “For the label, this was a nightmare situation,” says Toledo. “People were crying; people were not happy about it. To me, it really wasn't too different from what I had been dealing with. I was the only person in the situation who was used to being 10 days from an album release and not having the album done.”
Advertisement
It's easy to see why Matador's reaction was so heightened. Teens Of Denial was designed to put Car Seat Headrest on the map. Though the shuffle in the track list hasn't affected the critical reception, in a music industry that's struggling to sell records, a two-month delay on a physical product doesn't assuage a label's fears of recouping on its investment in a new artist. And Clarke's estimate of Matador losing $50,000 is just the American recall. “It could look even more grim,” says Clarke, “because this is also a worldwide release… it's a substantial cost.” A cost that, when asked, she states the label can't write off or recoup.
The issue with “Just What I Needed / Not Just What I Needed” is indicative of the fact that, even decades into the conversation, the issue of sampling in music remains muddled. On one side, there's the belief that artistic works should remain untouched, and on the other there's proof that samples can help build beautiful, sprawling works of art. And, in this instance, Toledo didn't even take the Cars' recording, merely playing off its framework and its pop-culture ubiquity. And while Toledo is taking the recall and destruction of the physical product in stride, it's the art that he's most worried about.
“What the conversation revolves around is not the art itself at all, and that's the only part of it that really seems wrong to me. I don't think that Ric ever listened to the album or the song, which is the only part that really bothers me. He can do whatever he wants and it's his right to do so. But I just hope that if I ever get to the point of being where he is, and a situation like this comes along, that my first reaction would still be, ‘Okay, well, what's the song?' I would want to listen to it first and see what, artist-to-artist, what's going on, rather than it be my manager telling me they're doing something bad, let's sue them, and saying, ‘Okay, I'm mad now. I have no idea what the situation is, because it's removed by many people from me, but that seems to be the situation here.'”
Similarly, Toledo's modus operandi has always been out of step with the way the music industry runs. Having come to prominence by self-releasing records on the artist-friendly streaming service Bandcamp, he's one of many that have found an audience by working outside of industry norms. “I never held too much importance to a release schedule, or hyping up a particular release date,” says Toledo. “I never really cared so much about hitting a home run on first week sales or anything. It's more about the long game for me, and making records that don't need the immediacy of hype in order to sell themselves.”
Advertisement
If he and Matador are lucky, Teens Of Denial will be one of those records. After all, it's a work that transcends the controversy, and has received a coveted “Best New Music” tag from Pitchfork (and an A from The A.V. Club). And while Toledo maintains that “Not What I Needed” is just as good as its original, controversial counterpart, it lacks the subversive punch of “Just What I Needed / Not Just What I Needed.” In its original form, the song speaks to how our brains become hardwired by both pop music and repetition, resulting in a disconcerting rush when the expected payoff is never delivered. It's the type of thing that only a sample could accomplish, and though it may only be found in landfills—or, due to an early leak, in the annals of the internet—it's a track that was evocative, engaging, and totally effective. That's a hard thing to put a price on.
Thank you so much to /u/s2kd for sending such a thoughtful present! The box he sent for my cats has been the highlight of their year! The cat toys in the box were great but they haven't stopped playing with that box.
He also gave me an awesome figurine of my favorite lady, Daenerys Stormborn, which is currently sitting on my desk inspiring me to be more kick-ass. Easily, the best part of the present was finding out that my oldest cat, Lola, is Jewish! We had no idea until s2kd informed us in his card. So.... Mazel Tov!
Edit: So s2kd is officially AWESOME! He sent me another present because he thinks I'm a good person (guess he didn't find my throwaway accounts...). This one had the movie The Grand Budapest Hotel (which btw is amazing and definitely worth a watch), a book about snowboard (it's my #1 passion), chocolate!, and a Seahawks towel (which will come in handy when we're in the Superbowl again this year!!). I was so blown away with his generosity, I'm going to have to figure out a nice way to show my gratitude.
I think the real reason he sent me another present was so that both cats would have a box to lounge in... Things were getting a bit hostile with them having to share all the time.
Thanks so much s2kd!!! You're the best!
The popularity of Virtual Private Network (VPN) solutions has risen considerably over the last several years. The hardware is getting to a point where VPN acceleration is cost effective and able to be performed on a single device. This is because of a number of factors including the fact that technologies are being developed that offer flexibility for a number of different deployment models. The cost and speed of public transit (Internet) has become an obvious option for business traffic. These and a number of other factors are joined together to make using VPNs for site-to-site traffic transit a worthwhile solution.
This article focuses on the differences between Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) ,Point-to-Point tunnels and Multipoint Generic Routing Encapsulation (mGRE). Multipoint tunnels are configured only on the hub router.
Point-to-Point Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) Tunnels
The traditional implementation of a GRE tunnel involved the configuration of a point-to-point tunnel going between two sites. This type of configuration works well when this is the behavior and there are a limited number of tunnels that need to be configured. However, if there are a large number of spoke sites, the configuration of the hub router and the number of independent IP address ranges (one per tunnel) could get excessive rather quickly; an example of this is shown in Figure 1.
Figure 1 – Point-to-Point GRE
Dynamic (Hub Side) Multipoint Generic Routing Encapsulation (mGRE) Tunnels
The next type of GRE configuration uses mGRE at the hub site (R1 in this case) and normal point-to-point GRE configuration at the spokes. There are two main ways that this can be configured but before jumping into this a short discussion of the Next Hop Resolution Protocol (NHRP) is required. NHRP is used similarly to the Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) on Ethernet, it provides the ability to map a tunnel IP address with a logical (Non-Broadcast Multi-Access (NBMA)) IP address; this allows mGRE to have dynamically set up tunnels without having to explicitly configure a mapping entry between each potential next-hop destination. This is of course an oversimplification but for the purposes of this article this amount of information should clarify the next part of this section.
As stated above there are two different ways to configure mGRE on the hub and leave a “normal” GRE configuration on the spokes; the first uses static NHRP mapping statements on the hub router and the second uses dynamic NHRP mapping on the hub router.
Figure 2 shows an example of the configuration required using static NHRP mapping statements; the figure also shows some additional NHRP configuration statements that would be required if using EIGRP (or any routing protocol requiring multicast).
Figure 2 – Dynamic (Hub Side) mGRE using static NHRP statements
The configuration shown in Figure 2 is one option but would certainly get rather lengthy if there are several branch routers. It does however require a very simple branch configuration.
The configuration shown in Figure 3 is generally recommended by Cisco (when only using mGRE at the hub site). It includes the use of dynamic NHRP on the hub router; this method is referred to as Hub-and-Spoke Only by Cisco because it does not provide the ability for spoke routers to directly speak to each other.
Figure 3 - Dynamic (Hub Side) mGRE using dynamic NHRP
When using dynamic NHRP, the hub router requires that each of the spoke routers be configured to register with a Next Hop Server (NHS), which would also typically be the hub router. This NHS keeps track of the NHRP mappings so that the hub device knows where to send traffic being sent to multiple tunnel destinations; for this to work correctly the IP address of the NHS server must also be statically mapped on the spoke routers. The other thing that needs to be changed from the default settings is the holdtime. By default, the holdtime of a NHRP entry is 2 hours; Cisco recommends that this be changed to 10 minutes (600 seconds). The other thing that is shown is the configuration of a registration timeout; by default this is set to 1/3 the value of the NHRP holdtime. If neither of these settings is changed and something happens to the mappings on the hub router, the spokes will not attempt to re-register for 40 minutes leaving the connection unidirectional for that amount of time (mapping works from the spoke to the hub, but not from the hub to the spoke).
Dynamic (Both Sides) Multipoint Generic Routing Encapsulation (mGRE) Tunnels
The last type of configuration that will be shown in this article is the use of mGRE on both the hub and the spokes. This allows for some interesting forwarding options which are not possible with the other configurations shown, including the ability to forward traffic directly from spoke-to-spoke without having to route traffic through the hub.
With all of the configurations shown up to this point the only available way for spokes to send traffic to other spokes was to forward traffic through the hub. This is fine but does require an extra hop that may not be required when forwarding traffic. In the sample configurations and topology used in this article, all of the routers are configured to connect through an Ethernet Cloud (Ethernet switch). This could however be the same as being configured using an Ethernet Internet connection through any ISP. The point here is that each of the spokes has the ability to forward traffic directly to each other on the underling IP network. When this is possible it would typically be more efficient for spoke-to-spoke traffic to be routed directly between the spokes without having to jump through the hub router. With the other configuration options shown above this is not possible and all tunneled traffic regardless of destination must be forwarded through the hub. However, if both the hub and the spokes were configured to use mGRE then the ability to set up dynamic spoke-to-spoke tunnels is permitted. The configurations shown in Figure 4 show how to do this.
Figure 4 - Dynamic (Both Sides) mGRE using dynamic NHRP
With this configuration, each of the spokes still uses the hub as a NHS which allows the hub to keep track of each of the spoke sites, it also provides mGRE and NHRP to work together to tell the spokes what the forwarding information is for the other spokes. This information can then be used for each of the spokes to dynamically set up mGRE tunnels between each of the other spokes as the need is required.
In this configuration EIGRP is being used. Both the disabling of split horizon and the disabling of next hop marking is required. The reason behind the latter is because, by default, an EIGRP router will advertise routes with a destination of self (i.e. to get to this network send traffic to me); but in this case EIGRP needs to advertise the original advertising EIGRP router IP address. Without this all of the spokes would still forward traffic through the hub router.
Summary
The intention of this article was to give an overview to both mGRE and NHRP and how they can be used to set up both static and dynamic tunnels, both of these technologies are used heavily when implementing Dynamic Multipoint Virtual Private Networks (DMVPN).Hopefully the content in this article will get the reader interested and allow them the ability to play around with these features on their own equipment or labs.
Ready to test your skills in Computer Networking? See how they stack up with this assessment from Smarterer. Start this Computer Networking test now
A year after a Nigerian man allegedly tried to blow up a Detroit-bound airliner, officials say they have made it easier to add individuals' names to a terrorist watch list and improved the government's ability to thwart an attack in the United States.
The failure to put Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab on the watch list last year renewed concerns that the government's system to screen out potential terrorists was flawed. Even though Abdulmutallab's father had told U.S. officials of his son's radicalization in Yemen, government rules dictated that a single-source tip was insufficient to include a person's name on the watch list.
Since then, senior counterterrorism officials say they have altered their criteria so that a single-source tip, as long as it is deemed credible, can lead to a name being placed on the watch list.
The government's master watch list is one of roughly a dozen lists, or databases, used by counterterrorism officials. Officials have periodically adjusted the criteria used to maintain it.
But civil liberties groups argue that the government's new criteria, which went into effect over the summer, have made it even more likely that individuals who pose no threat will be swept up in the nation's security apparatus, leading to potential violations of their privacy and making it difficult for them to travel.
"They are secret lists with no way for people to petition to get off or even to know if they're on," said Chris Calabrese, legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union.
440,000 on list
Officials insist they have been vigilant about keeping law-abiding people off the master list. The new criteria have led to only modest growth in the list, which stands at 440,000 people, about 5 percent larger than last year. The vast majority are non-U.S. citizens.
"Despite the challenges we face, we have made significant improvements," Michael E. Leiter, director of the National Counterterrorism Center, said in a speech this month at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "And the result of that is, in my view, that the threat of that most severe, most complicated attack is significantly lower today than it was in 2001."
The master watch list is used to screen people seeking to obtain a visa, cross a U.S. border, or board an airliner in or destined for the United States.
The standard for inclusion on it remains the same as it was before - that a person is "reasonably suspected" to be engaged in terrorism-related activity. But another senior counterterrorism official, who like some others would speak only on the condition of anonymity, said that officials have now "effectively in a broad stroke lowered the bar for inclusion."
Timothy Healy, director of the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center, which maintains the master list, said the new guidelines balance the protection of Americans from terrorist threats with the preservation of civil liberties. He said the watch list today is "more accurate, more agile," providing valuable intelligence to a growing number of partners that include state and local police and foreign governments.
Each day there are 50 to 75 instances in which a law enforcement official or government agent stops someone who a check confirms is on the watch list, a senior official at the Terrorist Screening Center said. Such "positive encounters" can take place at airports, land borders or consular offices, or during traffic stops.
How far do those room-service masseuses go?
You're away from home on a business trip. It's too early to sleep, so out of a mixture of boredom, curiosity, and horniness, you phone the front desk and summon a masseuse to your room. The prices are cheap enough, somewhere in the neighborhood of 4,000 yen or so for a 45-minute session.
Jitsuwa Taiho (October) attempts to provide some answers to the oft-asked question of how far those frowsy, middle-aged women who dispense massages at business hotels are willing to go with male customers.
At a hotel in Osaka, the reporter is getting a session from one named Masami. She's 51, although she looks considerably younger. He's not especially keen on older women, but under the pressure of her gentle fingers, he becomes aroused, to the degree that when he rolls over and faces the ceiling, his erection is unmistakable.
“Er, by enhancing their blood circulation, do many men get this way?” he asks her.
“Well, sometimes,” she replies guardedly. “I suppose it can't be helped if a man is in good health.”
“I guess I can't help myself since you're so attractive. Might I ask you to help me out?” he implores her.
“Sorry, but I'm not that kind of woman,” she responds flatly. And that was that.
Based on a telephone survey of an unspecified number of traveling businessmen who had in the past summoned such women to their room, 51 percent said masseuses only gave straight massages, with no interest in earning extra money on the side. Of the remainder, 28 percent agreed to dispense hand jobs, 12 percent gave fellatio, and 9 percent were willing to engage in “honban” (go all the way).
The reporter relates his experience with a masseuse named Hitomi, age 49, at a hotel in Kinshicho in eastern Tokyo.
“Uh-oh,” she winked at him. “Is that thing getting bigger? Gee, I seem to have that effect on everybody. . .”
“If you'd like me to give you a hand with my hand, I can do it on a private basis for 5,000 yen,” she offers.
He agrees, and while she proceeds he begins rubbing her breasts. Perhaps enjoying his touch, she reciprocates by taking him into her mouth.
It was cheaper than going to a sex shop. Two months afterward, the reporter met up with Mikiko, a 44-year-old divorcee, at hotel “K” in Tokyo's Suidobashi district.
She had attended night school to obtain certification as a licensed masseuse. Definitely a serious person.
“I don't have much strength in my fingers, so I have to do it harder,” she said, massaging his back. Then he turned face up, and as her fingers moved deftly over his body, blood flowed to his nether parts and his “turtle head” began poking out from the opening of his yukata.
She feigns an initial show of rejection, but soon recovers, and uses her fingers to bring him to full size.
He slips his hands underneath her uniform and is surprised to find she's not wearing panties.
“It's sweaty work you see,” she explains to him.
The reporter agrees to her fee for a 30-minute extension, during which he was able to peel her completely and enjoy the ride.
In an interview, a hotel masseuse tells Jitsuwa Taiho, “If, through your efforts, the man gets aroused, I think you have no choice but to do something for him.”
Does providing such services turn her on as well? Apparently. “For women, I suppose we feel the same way men do while watching an actress in an adult video having an orgasm,” she says. (K.S.)
Source: “Bijinesu hoteru no massaji jukujo wa doko made yareru no ka?” Jitsuwa Taiho (October 2008, pages 70-73)
Gunslingers and Walking Tanks
New from Forge World today, we have reinforcements for the armies of the Space Marines Legions.
Pistols at Dawn
The Legion Moritats are the loners of the Legions. Toting twin pistol combos, these rapid-fire gunslingers can blast their way through whole squads in a single salvo. The miniatures come wielding one of two very effective weapon combinations, either twin plasma pistols – great for killing Space Marines, Terminators and even light vehicle squadrons – or twin volkites serpenta, for deflagrating light infantry formations with ease.
If you're thinking of including one of these guys in your force, it's well worth fielding them alongside a squad of Destroyers (the only warriors willing to go to war alongside these unorthodox characters).
Iron Within!
The Tyrant Siege Terminators are unique to the armies of the Iron Warriors. Designed for the most punishing siege battles, these guys are walking arsenals of firepower – combining near-impenetrable defence with the most devastating Terminator-portable weapons available, and a power fist to discourage enemy assaults and smash down the walls of enemy fortifications.
Both of these new units are available to pre-order now:
Update: We highlighted a handful of the best submissions alongside Mr. Tommasini's essay.
If you have a job that revolves around classical music, we want to hear about the piece, performance or other experience that inspired you to dedicate your career to the art form. Please share your story in the comments below.
This summer, The New York Times is publishing essays by its critics about their cultural first crushes — the moments or works that prompted them to write about the arts — along with selected stories from readers about their own epiphanies. Last week, five veterans of the television industry told us about what inspired their careers.
Next week, Anthony Tommasini, the chief classical music critic for The Times, will write about the pieces that turned him into an obsessive. So we want to hear from tuba players, chamber quartet members, conductors, composers, piano teachers, orchestra fund-raisers and any other professionals about what sparked their interest in the field.
Please submit a comment describing what you do and how a musical experience led you to your career; keep submissions under 250 words.
We will present some of your stories alongside Mr. Tommasini's essay. We look forward to reading about your classical music inspirations.
KESHENA (WLUK) -- The Menominee Indian Tribe filed a petition for a contested case hearing on the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality's permit issued for the Back Forty Mine last year.
The department approved Aquila Resources Inc.'s mining permit for the proposed project in Menominee County, Mich. on
The approved permit sparked a protest held the
Aquila Resources Inc. wants to operate the gold and zinc mine in Lake Township, about 150 feet from the banks of the Menominee River.
The Menominee River is considered the place of origin for the Menominee Tribe.
Menominee Tribal Chairman, Gary Besaw, said, "The MDEQ and Aquila Resources Inc. are well aware of the Menominee Indian Tribe's close cultural connection to this area and our serious concern in regards to our cultural resources and mounds including our ancestral burial sites located within the impact area of the proposed mine. Despite these valid and well documented concerns a full evaluation of the cultural resources and mounds threatened by this project never occurred.
The mining permit is one the four required permits for the proposed Back Forty Mines.
This is the first step in challenging the MDEQ's decision to approve the mining permit.
Photo: Andrew Toth/Getty Images
William H. Macy recently won a Screen Actors Guild award for his role in Showtime's Shameless, but after making his big-screen directorial debut on last year's indie Rudderless, what he really wants to do is direct. The 64-year-old directed Shameless's March 1 episode and spoke with Vulture about doing nude scenes, Sports Night, and whether he's watched FX's Fargo.
How did it feel to win a SAG award for Shameless?
Of all the awards, that one means the most to me because those are my peeps. I feel like we crossed some kind of threshold. Shameless is a rough show, and it's not for everyone, but it's also beautiful. I'm hoping winning this SAG means some of my co-stars will start to get recognition, like Emmy Rossum. She's been spectacular for five seasons, and it's about time somebody gives her something made of metal.
Your director's credit for Shameless appears onscreen beside the bare butt of a man having sex in a bathroom. How do you feel about that?
[Laughs.] It's either prophetic or payback, I'm not sure which.
The episode features another fairly graphic sex scene. What's it like to shoot that kind of material with your longtime co-stars?
I'm an old fart. The only way I could do it was to swallow my pride and my Lutheran squeamishness. But I've got a thing about sex and American cinema. I see what the ratings board okays for my [14- and 12-year-old] daughters to watch, and they seem to be allergic to sex, like it's a bad thing, and it's not. It's a really good thing. Even the bad sex I've had has been pretty good. And yet they will let my daughters see this disgusting violence like that won't harm them. They've just got it ass-backwards. So I double down on telling the truth about sex as a director.
You bared all in 2003's The Cooler. How did you feel about that as an actor?
I got lucky because it was with Maria Bello, who is so cool and uninhibited and smart, and such a lovely actor. I felt safe — is that the word? I felt in good hands. The double entendres just keep coming! Also, my wife, Felicity [Huffman], was so smart about it. I was pissing and moaning about having to do that scene. Flicka said, “Hold on, pal. You should either embrace it or tell the director you don't want to do it, because you don't want to go into it planning to fail.” Boy, was she right.
You worked with Felicity on Aaron Sorkin's Sports Night. Is his dialogue tougher to handle than that of your frequent collaborator David Mamet?
David writes a certain kind of play. I'm hyperaware of it because Felicity is doing The Anarchist with David's wife Rebecca Pidgeon at one of those 99-seat theaters in L.A., and that dialogue is as difficult as any I've ever seen. I did Oleanna, and that was no walk in the park, either. Aaron doesn't write that kind of stuff, so the hardest Dave is harder than anybody else.
How upset were you when Sports Night was axed after only two seasons?
I sure loved Sports Night. That was ahead of its time. It was the future of television. Some TV exec decided they should cancel it and do Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? five nights a week. I think that person's no longer in the business.
Have you seen FX's Fargo yet?
I still haven't, man. I saw a little bit of the pilot, and it looked fantastic. It was chosen well. They can get a lot of stories out of that setup. I'm also enamored of the idea of a show doing one season, and then the next season is a whole different story. Felicity is doing a show like that, American Crime. She's been invited back if there's a second season to play a different role.
You recently shot the film Blood Father with Mel Gibson. How'd that go?
I loved working with Mel. It was a sweet thing. He's had his trials and tribulations, but he's a force of nature. He's a strong guy. We didn't talk about any of the stuff he's been through, but I could see it lives in him. And he acted the shit out of that thing.
So you think he's paid his penance and deserves forgiveness?
I don't know who decides when people can be forgiven. The best thing Mel can do is to continue to do good work, and he's doing really good work.
You went with your full name so you wouldn't be confused with Maude star Bill Macy. Do you ever get his mail?
No, but I finally met Bill a couple of years ago. We were at a restaurant, and he came up and we embraced. We share so much. We're both in the tribe, and we share the name. He couldn't have been more complimentary. He's a stunning actor. We were trying to out-compliment each other. It was so sweet.
What's next for you as a director?
It appears I'm going to do a film called The Layover. It's a comedy about two young women. I'm casting it now. It's in the line of Bridesmaids or The Hangover, a broad sex comedy. I know so much about 27-year-old women, so I'm the perfect guy for it. But I've been dealing with very broad comedy on Shameless for five years now, so I think I can do it.
Correction: A previous version of this article stated that Sports Night ran for three seasons. It ran for two.
Ys VIII Content Update [UPDATE]
By Sato . June 16, 2017 . 12:00am
Update: NIS America re-clarified that the PS Vita version will not have any extra content from the PS4 version.Ys VIII released last year in Japan for PS Vita and they got the PS4 version with extra content last month. We got to check out NISA's lineup at E3 2017 where we learned that both versions will have the same bonus content for the localization.
Some of the new elements that were added to Ys VII: Lacrimosa of Dana includes additional dungeons, characters, and plenty of other extra elements like attack attribute-modifying accessories and custom party sizes, which you can read about here.
Based on what we saw from Nippon Ichi Software America at E3 2017, all the bonus content that was made available for the PS4 version in Japan will also be included in the PlayStation Vita version.
Ys VIII: Lacrimosa of Dana releases in September 12 in North America and September 15 in Europe for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita.
This warning comes at a time when the tiny Himalayan nation is struggling with political turmoil as well as flash floods and landslides, which have killed at least a 100 and displaced thousands. Aid agencies have warned of a spike in human trafficking from the country as families struggle to cope with the devastation.
India, which has promised all help to the landlocked region, has been accused by outgoing Nepal Prime Minister K.P. Sharma Oli of having “deprived Nepal of its sleep.”
Speaking at a function attended by several political leaders in Kathmandu on 29 July, Oli pledged that the would strongly oppose any attempts to reverse the agreements reached with Beijing during his brief tenure. These agreements with China were signed at a time when “Nepal was pushed to the brink” and “many kitchens in Nepal went without fire, because of the blockade by a neighbour”, he said. “Does that neighbour want the Nepalese people to die?” he asked.
Veteran journalist Yubaraj Ghimire writes in The Indian Express that “Oli's tone and tenure Friday in presence of senior leaders from the Maoist party as well as the Nepali Congress— the two major coalition partners in the government that is likely to replace him next week— also indicated that Oli's policy, especially his stand-off with India and proximity with China, has takers across the parties.”
Meanwhile, said the Express, “Maoist chief Pushpa Kamal Dahal “Prachanda” met Chinese ambassador Wu Xuntai to dispel any impression that his return to power would amount to ‘neutralising what Oli did'.”
New Delhi's concerns over Nepal's attempt to balance what it perceives as “Indian hegemony”, by moving closer to China, are easy to understand. A similar attempt is being made by India's southern neighbour, Sri Lanka.
Though many see it as a retaliation against China blocking India's entry into the Nuclear Suppliers Group and have JeM chief Masood Azhar designated as a terrorist by the United Nations, Indian authorities say the refusal to extend the visas of three journalists from Chinese News Agency Xinhua was due to their “conduct not being in conformity with the provisions of the visa rules”— a euphemism for spying.
Describing it as a “petty act”, the Chinese state run Daily Times said: “Some Indian media claimed that the three journalists are suspected of impersonating other people to access several restricted departments in Delhi and Mumbai with fake names.”
“There were also reports attributing it to the journalists' meeting with exiled Tibetan activists. Moreover, speculation is swirling that India is taking revenge against China for the latter's opposition to India joining the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG). If New Delhi is really taking revenge due to the NSG membership issue, there will be serious consequences,” the report warned.
“Crowned by Western public opinion as the world's biggest democracy, the Indians have a strong sense of pride. China should stick to a friendly strategy toward India, as we believe bilateral friendship is in the interests of India as well. On the visa issue, this time we should take actions to display our reaction. We, at least, should make a few Indians feel Chinese visas are also not easy to get.” said the unsigned editorial.
Days earlier, there were reports of incursions by the People's Liberation Army and a Chinese helicopter which strayed into Indian territory in Uttarakhand, which shares a 350 km long boundary with China.
“The good thing is they (Chinese) have not touched an important canal there. This is a matter of concern. Our border has been peaceful. We have asked to increase vigilance. I am sure the central government will take cognizance of the issue,” said Uttarakhand Chief Minister,Harish Rawat.
New Delhi, however, preferred to downplay the incident with semantic jugglery, describing it as a transgression, and not an incursion.
“The India-China border is not formally demarcated. There are areas where both sides have differing perceptions of Line of Actual Control (LAC). Barhoti (Uttarakhand) is one such area. There was no incursion, just transgression which has been settled. There is a well-defined mechanism to settle such transgressions,” Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar told the Lok Sabha.
Though both sides claim to have quietly sorted things out, Sino-Indian relations— mired in a massive trust deficit— are likely to get a lot worse before they get any better.
There has been much speculation that a Brexit could lead to a number of other countries following suit and leaving the EU. Top of that list is Denmark, with Nigel Farage claiming that the country would be the first to leave in a domino effect triggered by Brexit.
Now Denmark's former Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt has waded into the discussion. When asked, at Fortune's Most Powerful Women event in London, whether Denmark would leave the EU if Britain did, Thorning-Schmidt poured cold water on the suggestion. The former Social Democrat politician, who is the current chief exec of Save the Children, says the majority of Danes want to remain in the EU — even though they voted against closer ties in a referendum in December:
‘The Danish discussion is quite different from the British discussion. If you asked the Danes if they want to leave the EU or stay, you'll get a majority that want to stay.'
Although Thorning-Schmidt, who is married to Labour's Stephen Kinnock, concedes that a lot of Danes don't like the EU, she argues that they understand deep down that the pros out-way the cons:
‘Everyone knows that the EU is not perfect, but deep down I think a lot of Danish know how much we gain economically, culturally in terms of our freedom by being part of the EU.'
While this is an indication that not everything may play out as Farage and his supporters expect in the event of Brexit, Thorning-Schmidt's words ought to be taken with a pinch of salt. After all, since leaving office last year, she has been tipped for a plum role as an EU commissioner.
TOKYO: Hate standing in line at your favourite restaurant? Japanese carmaker Nissan claims to have just the thing for those sore legs.
A company video released Tuesday (Sep 27) re-enacts a busy restaurant with patrons waiting outside.
Advertisement
They're all sitting in a row of chairs but they won't have to stand when the next hungry diner is called to a table.
Instead, the chairs - equipped with autonomous technology that detects the seat ahead - glide along a path toward the front of the line.
The now empty chair at the front moves out of pole position.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The system, which is similar to the kind used in Nissan's autonomous vehicle technology, will be tested at select restaurants in Japan this year, Nissan said.
"(It) appeals to anyone who has queued for hours outside a crowded restaurant: it eliminates the tedium and physical strain of standing in line," it added.
Although Tokyo has some 160,000 restaurants, long queues are not uncommon.
A man wielding bottles of Jack Daniel's whiskey and vodka was captured on a liquor store surveillance camera tossing the full bottles at a clerk, who chased after the man and whacked at him with a garden spade. Michelle Roberts reports. (Published Thursday, June 26, 2014)
A man wielding bottles of Jack Daniel's whiskey and vodka was captured on a liquor store surveillance camera tossing the full bottles at a clerk, who chased after the man and whacked at him with a garden spade.
The video is especially graphic, showing a clear view of a young man, wearing a black cap and California-themed T-shirt, yelling at the clerk, grabbing cigarettes from the overhead counter, walking around with a case of Bud and appearing to threaten the clerk with the booze.
The video was recorded June 16 at Tip Top Liquor in the 400 block of Bascom Avenue in San Jose.
Santa Clara County Sheriff's Sgt. Kurt Stenderup released the video Thursday, noting he had edited out the end, which showed the attacker pummeling the clerk, before being pulled off by a customer who broke up the fight. The suspect sped off in a white car, and the clerk suffered minor injuries.
"He just started chucking bottles at him," Stenderup said of the suspect, noting that aside from Jack Daniel's, Smirnoff and Skyy Vodka were also waved about.
The violence began, according to the video and clerk, when the man entered the store and picked up a case of beer, approaching the counter as though he were going to pay for it. He then asked the clerk how much a bottle of liquor was from behind the counter.
When the clerk went to check the price, the man went behind the counter and started grabbing bottles of liquor and cigarettes, as seen on the video.
“Every time they throw a bottle it constitutes as a new act,” Stenderup said. “Potentially, we are looking at multiple charges of assault with a deadly weapon.”
The clerk confronted the man, who became angry, and can be seen in the video holding the liquor bottles over his head as if about to hit the clerk.
The clerk can then be seen in the video chasing after the man, going after him with a spade.
“I feel [he was] very brave to help their fellow citizen and their neighborhood,” said Benita Espinoza, who lives near the liquor store. “We need more people like that.”
The suspect is described as a man standing 5'8" tall and weighing 160 to 180 pounds, with black curly hair in a ponytail and a mustache. He was wearing a backwards black hat with "SF" written on it. He was wearing a black T-shirt that said "CALI LIFE" on the front.
Must See Photos: Crazy Fans at the World Cup
Anyone with information on the identity of this suspect, please contact the Santa Clara Sheriff's Office at 408-808-4431.
Euroskepticism in Europe is on the wane almost a year after Britain voted to leave the E.U., according to a new poll.
The Pew Research Center survey released Thursday found that people in nine out of the 10 E.U. member states polled hold a favorable view of the Brussels-based institution. That finding in Pew's latest Global Attitudes Survey includes people in the U.K., where 54% view the E.U. favorably, up 10 points from a similar poll the year before.
In all, 63% of those polled hold favorable views of the E.U. That represents a 10-point swing in favor of the bloc compared to a similar Pew survey in 2016, which was released two weeks before Britain's momentous June 23 referendum vote to leave the union. The only exception is Greece, which been grappling with E.U.-imposed austerity since 2010.
The data also reveals Europe's demographic divide, especially among British nationals. Younger Europeans are the most supportive of the bloc, especially in the U.K., where 76% of people age 18-29 view the E.U. favorably, compared to just 43% of Britons over the age of 50.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Results are mixed on the effects of Brexit. The study found that the majority of Europeans think Brexit will be bad for both the E.U. and the U.K.. The British, however, are narrowly divided, with only 48% agreeing that Brexit will be bad for the country, compared to 44% who say it will be a good thing.
Pew surveyed almost 10,000 in 10 European Union member states that account for about 80% of the bloc's population: France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden and the U.K.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
This Woman Is Battling a Mega-Church, One Tweet at a Time
Mars Hill Church, a 15-location megachurch headed by Pastor Mark Driscoll (who infamously referred to women as “penis homes”) has, in the past few weeks, been facing a growing controversy over its power structure, bullying of attendees and staff, and Driscoll's inflammatory online (and in-pulpit) statements regarding (among other things), the status of women within the church, and marriage. Attendance is way down; Mars Hill is firing staff and closing branches, and Driscoll is taking a six-week hiatus.
By Julai Whipple
ADVERTISEMENT
Hey, have you heard the one about Seattle's Mars Hill megachurch system slowly and publicly collapsing? The reasons have been covered by everyone from the New York Times to blogs devoted to ex-members sharing their experiences attending (any one of 13) Mars Hill locations.
So, what's funny about lead pastor and spiritual leader, Mark Driscoll, misusing church funds and hiring a marketing firm to manage bulk purchasing of his book Real Marriage, in order to send it up the bestseller charts? What's humorous about the way he's shamed or fired any church leadership who disagree with or challenge him? The beliefs he espoused in the recently uncovered “William Wallace II” chats calling today's American church system a “Pussified Nation,” and denouncing the weak men and angry feminists who are peeing in his Worship-Os breakfast cereal are kind of funny, if you're into laugh-crying. Looked at one way, Driscoll's insistence that part of being a good Christian wife is providing on-demand blowjobs, or that he's called the Jesus many Christians worship a “Richard Simmons hippie queer Christ,” is kind of funny—isn't it? Some of the million tweets launched by his referring to women as “penis homes” were definitely funny. But what's really funny about an evangelical culture that casts women in a second-class role?
Stephanie Drury is what's funny about it. Since 2008, she's run Stuff Christian Culture Likes, a page devoted to shining a hilarious, snarky, and always-insightful light on the rules and dogmas that make up evangelical culture. The site's Facebook page is a meeting place for those who are working through spiritual abuse they've suffered at Mars Hill and other churches. And since 2009, she's been tweeting as @fakedriscoll, a parody account calling attention to some of the more ridiculous beliefs Mark Driscoll espouses.
“I visited the church around 2000,” says Stephanie. “A lot of my friends were going there and saying how great it was and I was thinking, wait, isn't that guy a total misogynist? During the sermon I heard, he said a couple of things that stood out to me. One was that he wanked on and on about wine for awhile and how we have freedom in Christ to drink 'good wine.' Yeah, okay, that's true I suppose, but the 'good wine' stuff felt really self-referential. The other thing I remember him saying in that sermon was that the wife should have sex with the lights on if that's what the husband wants. And I remember thinking, ‘How many dozens of abuse survivors are listening to this right now? And how will his saying this from the pulpit affect them and counteract their healing?'"
"The draw seemed to be that they made church 'cool.' The music was really loud and they spent an ass-ton on production and Mark Driscoll wore ‘Jesus Is My Homeboy' shirts. Edgy! But they had this really conservative doctrine underneath what appeared to be progressive. They believe in 'complementarian' marriage, which means the wife is supposed to submit to the husband. And they cloak all of this in language like, ‘But the husband loves the wife like Christ loved the church.' But when women are encouraged by a church to get married in short order and quit their jobs and stay home and have a lot of kids, that doesn't seem to speak to a lot of freedom and respect for women. So that was when I officially became anti-Mars Hill.”
Spiritual abuse, what Stephanie defines as “a form of manipulation in which someone uses threats about what God will either do to you or think about you in order to get you to behave the way they want,” is the reason she started her blog and the parody Twitter account—and it's something she's intimately familiar with. As the child of an ordained southern Baptist pastor—both parents were employed by a missionary organization—Stephanie was immersed in evangelical culture from an early age. “I wasn't allowed to listen to secular music, there were ‘purity pledges,' church all the time, Republicans were God's chosen party, etc. I remember learning about Jesus in church and thinking he seemed so lovely and I felt like most of the people who represented Christianity that I knew were a bunch of hostile jerks. So early on, I separated who Jesus was from who his followers were. I always had this image of him going ‘Yeah, I know, but I love them. They'll get it together one day.'”
Much of what Stephanie tweets as @fakedriscoll focuses on the abuse of power that has gone on at Mars Hill, and the hypocrisy it's intended to cover up, much of which is informed by the Mars Hill members and ex-members—especially women—she's in contact with regularly. “I was doing group therapy the year I started @fakedriscoll, and there were women in my sessions who went to Mars Hill. They would start off with disclaimers, saying ‘I'm not supposed to be here because I'm a member of Mars Hill and I signed a statement saying I wouldn't get therapy from counselors who aren't sanctioned by MH. But their counselors just tell me to pray harder and submit to my husband more.' These women had all been working when they started at MH, and then were encouraged (I say encouraged, it was like super high-pressure encouragement) by the church to get married and quit their jobs and have several kids. Not just one or two kids, several. MH believes that's a great way to perpetuate the kingdom. And all of these women would be shaking when they came to group, they were so afraid of being found out that they were there.”
I asked Stephanie if it felt like a leap, to go from hearing intense and powerful stories from women who were mistreated by Mark Driscoll's church and its doctrine to a parody Twitter account. “Something I learned in therapy was that humor was how I coped growing up and it's still a major coping mechanism. And with SCCL I saw that if you were funny about stuff, people would pay attention, even unlikely people,” said Stephanie. “And they aren't likely to dismiss you completely out of hand, because you're showing them how ridiculous the reality we just abide with has gotten. You have to wrap the antibiotic in the dog treat. That's @fakedriscoll in a jelly pill, right there.”
The Twitter account, the Stuff Christian Culture Likes site and associated Facebook page—they're all conduits through which people reach out to Stephanie, looking for resources or support or sometimes just confirmation that what they've experienced is real. “Some of these are people who believe that there is a God that is punitive and malicious and how that image of them runs their lives and has worn their self-image down to nothing, and they have no rest and they're constantly scrambling to try to make this angry God happy somehow but they can never measure up, and it makes me angry,” Stephanie says.
I asked Stephanie if she does what she does out of anger or love. “Both,” she replied. “And I feel like I'm in good company because Jesus fucking tore up the temple when the moneychangers were profiting from it. I think anger is a natural response to injustice. Anger shows us where our boundaries have been violated. We have to be wily and playful in order to deal with it, but we're only human and sometimes we just get really pissed. And that's beautiful too.”
Right now, Mark Driscoll is in the middle of a six-week “break” from his ministry. He's retreated behind the gates of his million-dollar home like some aging silent-film star, to lick his wounds and confer with the PR firm he recently hired to help him put a Godly spin on his situation—that's in addition to his existing PR team. “He's had a PR team for years. And a stylist. And they keep lawyers on retainer. A whole Mars Hill legal team. If Jesus came back, he would never stop throwing up,” says Stephanie.
What will happen next with the Mars Hill church system is anybody's guess. It's likely that they, and Mark Driscoll, will continue in some form. Charismatic leaders collecting followers and subjugating the weak and abusing their status is a story that's as old as—hey, the Bible itself.
Luckily, there are always people like Stephanie Drury, too. Luckily, they'll always be there to remind us that sometimes? Sometimes you just have to laugh.
Images c/o Google Plus and Fake Driscoll on Twitter.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will lead a new national opioid commission created Wednesday by an executive order from President Donald Trump that also maps out his administration's latest strategy to combat the public health crisis.
“Addiction is a disease, and no life is disposable.”
The fight against the opioid epidemic is “one that's incredibly important to every family in every corner of this country,” Christie said Wednesday in an interview with The Today Show, adding he and Trump “both care passionately about this issue and we want to save lives.”
“Addiction is a disease, and no life is disposable. We can help people by giving them appropriate treatment,” Christie said.
Trump tweeted late Wednesday that his signed executive order would create a presidential commission designed to combat opioid addiction and the opioid crisis.
READ MORE: In the war on heroin, Baltimore drug programs face an uncertain future
According to Trump's signed order, the commission is designed to:
Identify existing federal dollars to combat drug addiction, including opioids;
Assess availability and access to addiction treatment centers and overdose reversal and identify underserved areas;
Measure the effectiveness of state prescription drug monitoring programs;
Evaluate public messaging campaigns about prescription and illegal opioids, and identify best practices for drug prevention.
READ MORE: McCaskill launches investigation of opioid drugmakers
In 90 days, the commission will submit an interim report to Trump with its findings. It will submit a final report by Oct. 1, unless more time is needed, according to the executive order. The commission will dissolve a month later.
On the campaign trail, Trump promised to tackle the nation's opioid crisis. But in February, the New York Times reported the Trump Administration planned to eliminate the White House Office for National Drug Control Policy, a three-decades-old office that President Ronald Reagan and Congress created to orchestrate the country's drug policy and strategies. The report concerned public health officials who worried about lost resources in the middle of nationwide opioid epidemic.
The executive order signed Wednesday by Trump asks that office to help the commission carry out some of its tasks. It does not make mention of what will happen to the “drug czar,” a leadership position created by President Ronald Reagan. President Barack Obama's most recent appointee, Michael Botticelli, promoted expanded access to naloxone and other kinds of treatment, and shepherded a prescription drug monitoring program that is active in all states except Missouri. He also made headlines for being the first person in the position to be openly recovering from addiction.
The national drug control policy office referred questions from the NewsHour to the White House, which did not respond to requests for comment.
In January, Christie promised New Jerseyans that he would devote his final year in office to making headway in the state's own fight against opioid addiction, the Associated Press reported. This policy work continues efforts he launched in 2011, as detailed by NJ.com.
READ MORE: Another West Virginia town sues drug wholesalers
By the end of 2016, the state had expanded access to naloxone — an opioid antidote that reverses potentially fatal overdoses within minutes — and created a program that uses electronic data to track how often doctors and pharmacists doll out prescription drugs. Christie's administration also devoted more resources to the state's drug courts, which allows defendants who face drug charges to choose between treatment or jail time.
Christie attended a White House meeting to discuss strategies to address opioid addiction, intervention and treatment Wednesday morning along with Trump and several members of the administration, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Kelly and Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, among others. The meeting also included some representatives of the law enforcement and health communities, as well as advocates and those recovering from addiction.
“Stopping this epidemic is an issue that every American regardless of political background can and must get behind,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Wednesday, adding that the day's announcement was the first step in bringing stakeholders together.
Trump's decision to form the commission is a step in the right direction, says Mary Bassett, who leads the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. In November, she co-signed a letter sent to the Trump transition team by 10 other public health officials from the across the country asking for attention to the issue.
READ MORE: Opioids as a first response to pain? Hospitals are rethinking that policy
“Opioid overdose deaths are preventable but have claimed too many American lives, and the growing presence of more potent drugs is exacerbating the problem,” she says in a written statement from the department. “This executive order for an opioid commission seems to be an important step toward addressing the opioid epidemic at a national level.”
“This executive order for an opioid commission seems to be an important step toward addressing the opioid epidemic at a national level.”
Preventing further tragedy requires “all hands on deck,” echoed Sen. Claire McCaskill, who earlier in the week launched an investigation into drugmakers who make the nation's top-five selling prescription opioids.
“Drug overdose deaths, the majority of which are from heroin and prescription opioids, are a national crisis,” McCaskill said in a written statement. “We'll need the help of Governor Christie, President Trump, and others at all levels of government, from any party affiliation, if we're going to make progress and save lives.”
The announcement arrives the same day a new report revealed the changing profile of Americans who use and abuse heroin. According to Silvia Martins and researchers at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, heroin use has become more prevalent over the last decade, increasing across all measures for age, race, gender, education, income and marital status — especially among white, uneducated men.
“The nonmedical use of prescription opioids preceding heroin use increased among white individuals, supporting a link between the prescription opioid epidemic and heroin use in this population,” the report said.
“Heroin use has become more normative over time.”
Researchers analyzed more than 79,000 respondents who asked about drug use in 2002-2003 and 2012-2013 for the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions. Their findings were released in JAMA Psychiatry Wednesday.
“Heroin use has become more normative over time,” Martins told the NewsHour. The commission's task is, in part, to stop that.
Texas Republican Governor Greg Abbott has officially signed into law a measure to punish so-called "sanctuary cities," despite pleas from some of the police departments of cities like Austin to halt the bill they said would hinder their ability to fight crime. Sure, because enforcing laws tends to 'hinder' the crime-fighting process.
Per Reuters, the Republican-dominated legislature passed the bill on party-line votes and sent the measure to Abbott earlier this month. The bill is designed to punish local authorities who do not abide by requests to cooperate with federal immigration agents. Police officials found to be in violation of the law could face removal from office, fines and up to a year in prison if convicted.
The measure also allows police to ask people about their immigration status during a lawful detention, even for minor infractions like jaywalking.
Of course, Texas, which has an estimated 1.5 million illegal immigrants and the longest border with Mexico of any U.S. state, has been at the forefront of the immigration debate.
“As governor, my top priority is public safety, and this bill furthers that objective by keeping dangerous criminals off our streets,” Abbott said in a statement. The law will take effect on Sept. 1.
Of course, some law enforcement officials, like "sanctuary" Sally Hernandez of Travis County (Austin), has vowed to fight Abbott's legislation and, up to this point, has refused to cooperate with federal immigration agents.
Meanwhile, Democrats continue to fight the measure with buzz words like "racial profiling", because anyone who doesn't agree with them is a racist, and allegations that such laws are a threat to public safety, without providing any evidence, of course.
Democrats have warned the measure could lead to unconstitutional racial profiling and civil rights groups have promised to fight the Texas measure in court. "This legislation is bad for Texas and will make our communities more dangerous for all," the police chiefs of cities including Houston and Dallas wrote in an opinion piece in the Dallas Morning News in late April. They said immigration was a federal obligation and the law would stretch already meager resources by turning local police into immigration agents. The police chiefs said the measure would widen a gap between police and immigrant communities, creating a class of silent victims and eliminating the potential for assistance from immigrants in solving or preventing crimes.
We missed the part in our Civics 101 class where we discussed police departments and their ability to unilaterally pick and choose which laws they're going to enforce...hopefully someone can explain how that works.
The Reserve Bank says foreign investors have helped to boost the housing supply, rather than make houses too expensive for locals, at a time when the economy needs it.
But it has admitted that foreigners have contributed ''somewhat'' to the rise in house prices, particularly for higher-priced dwellings.
High house prices: Foreign investors not to blame, says RBA. Credit:James Alcock
The RBA Bulletin for the June quarter has dedicated a chapter to ''foreign investment in residential real estate'' at a time when there are concerns over the high cost of housing. It comes a week after the International Monetary Fund warned that homes in Australia are among the most expensive in the world when rents and household incomes are taken into account.
A new 24-country comparison of house prices by the IMF showed that Australian house prices are behind just those of Belgium and Canada when judged by two measures: the ratio of house prices and incomes, and prices to rents.
Megan Allen (Center for Teaching Quality)
Megan Allen is a veteran English teacher who was the 2010 Florida Teacher of the Year and a finalist for National Teacher of the Year. She is also a National Board Certified Teacher. But she left Florida with her morale extremely low because of a series of reforms that she felt were targeting teachers in ways that unfairly hurt them as well as their students.
Florida has been at the center of corporate-influenced school reform that uses standardized test scores to evaluate students, teachers, schools, etc. In a Web post, she explains her reasons for leaving the Sunshine State, where half of a teacher's evaluation comes from student standardized test scores (called “value-added measures” or VAM).
Last year Allen testified before Congress about how high-needs students would be affected if Congress allowed budget cuts to go through that would affect education funding. She served as a teacherpreneur at the nonprofit Center for Teaching Quality, teaching in a hybrid role in one of Florida's highest-need schools while also advancing Common Core and teaching evaluation reforms that make sense for students and the teaching profession that serves them.
She is n now on the education faculty of Mount Holyoke College where she teaches a new course — Teacherpreneurs and Teacher Leadership: The Changing Role of Educators.
This is what Megan Allen wrote on the Center for Teaching Quality Web site (and below is her video):
The solidarity tax on wealth (French: Impôt de solidarité sur la fortune or ISF) was an annual direct wealth tax on those in France having assets in excess of €1,300,000 (since 2011).[1][citation needed] It was one of the Socialist Party's 1981 electoral program's measures, 110 Propositions for France. First named IGF (Impôt sur les Grandes Fortunes), it was abolished in 1986 by Jacques Chirac's right-wing government, but re-established in 1988 as ISF in slightly different terms after François Mitterrand's re-election.
In September 2017, the French government decided to abolish ISF and replace it with the tax on real estate (IFI), exonerating all financial assets, from 2018.
Scope [ edit ]
The calculation applies to tax declarers, meaning that it can apply to a grouping of two individuals: married couples, cohabiting couples, or couples with a PACS. All global assets are taken into account for French residents; for others, the tax is based on assets that reside in France, with the exception of financial ones.
ISF is controversial; critics claim it drives away wealthy individuals from the country, resulting in financial loss. A report by a senator[who?] estimated that 843 people left France in 2006 because of the tax, resulting in a net loss of €2.8 billion.[1]
Basis [ edit ]
In principle all assets are taken into account except for the following:
professional goods such as enterprises (depending on the percentage owned),
vintage (more than one century old) and collection objects,
artistic, literature, or industrial rights,
woods and participation in forestry plantations (for 75% of their value),
anonymous bonds,
capital value of pensions and retirement plans,
capital obtained as compensation for physical injury in accidents or due to illness.
Revenue [ edit ]
ISF brought in €4.42 billion in 2007, 19% more than in 2006. It constitutes 1.5% of France's total tax receipts.[2]
Half of all households who pay ISF make an annual contribution of less than €2,000.[2]
Rules to fix the net taxable value [ edit ]
ISF is levied on what remains of the gross value after subtracting deductible debts. The gross value is determined by the declarer following certain rules. For example, the value of the principal home is reduced by 30%, as is done for some rental income. Certain real estate properties in countries with a fiscal convention such as Denmark, Luxembourg, Egypt, Finland, Netherlands, and Czech Republic are excluded. The furniture in the home cannot exceed 5% of the total value of the other goods.
Following President Nicolas Sarkozy's tax law of 2007, ISF was adjusted so that the sum of all taxes due in France would not exceed 50% of the annual revenues. He overturned this in 2011, at the same time as lowering the rates of the ISF.
Rates [ edit ]
2011 Less than €800,000 0% From €800,000 - 1.31 million 0.55% From €1.31 - 2.57 million 0.75% From €2.57 - 4.04 million 1.00% From €4.04 - 7.71 million 1.30% From €7.71 - 16.79 million 1.65% Over €16.79 million 1.80%
2012 (at tax cap removal) Less than €1.3 million 0% From €1.3-3 million 0.25% Above €3 million 0.5%
2013 (planned) Less than €800,000 0% From €800,000 - 1.31 million
Only for assets above 1.31 million 0.5% From €1.31 - 2.57 million 0.7% From €2.57 - 5 million 1.00% From €5 - 10 million 1.25% Over €10 million 1.50%
After calculation, a deduction is granted for minors or any disabled persons living in the same household.
Deadline [ edit ]
The tax must be declared by residents of France by June 15; by other EU residents who own French property valued in excess of the threshold by July 15, and by other people by August 31.[1]
See also [ edit ]
The 36-year-old Frenchman will remain with the MLS club in an academy coaching role. Cheyrou worked on his coaching badges while playing for Toronto, flying back to France to continue his studies.
Veteran midfielder Benoit Cheyrou, whose class and experience helped lift Toronto FC to the next level, has announced his retirement after 19 seasons.
Cheyrou spent three seasons with Toronto, mostly as cover for captain Michael Bradley, but started 28 games in 2015. Prior to that he spent 16 blue-chip seasons in France with Lille, Auxerre and Olympique de Marseille.
Cheyrou made a combined 68 appearances for Toronto in all competitions with five goals and nine assists. He missed 10 games and more than two months of the 2017 season with a calf tear.
“It has been an absolute pleasure for me to be a part of this team for three years,” Cheyrou said in a statement Thursday. “I am blessed to finish my career with the treble and I am very proud of that.”
He leaves a winner, after a record-breaking season that saw Toronto capture the MLS Cup, Supporters' Shield and Canadian Championship.
TFC fans have the play burned in their memory.
He is perhaps best remembered for a dramatic goal in the 98th minute of Game 2 of the 2016 Eastern Conference final against Montreal, just two minutes after coming on for a cramping Sebastian Giovinco with the series tied 5-5 on aggregate.
After taking a pass from left fullback Justin Morrow, Bradley found Jozy Altidore who, closed down by a Montreal player, contorted his brawny body to send the ball out to Steven Beitashour on the right flank.
Beitashour used some fancy footwork to create space from his defender and sent a perfect left-footed cross that a diving Cheyrou — with a defender draped all over him — headed into the net.
“One of my greatest moments, for sure,” Cheyrou said.
Tosaint Ricketts scored two minutes later to give Toronto a 5-2 win on the night and 7-5 aggregate victory.
While scoring was not Cheyrou's raison d'être, his soccer resume contains some beauties for Olympique Marseille.
“It's not my job actually to score,” Cheyrou once said. “Sometimes the team needs it, I try to help. But it's not my job.”
Cheyrou was sheer elegance on the field, with the feet of a dancer. He could read the game and deposit a pass on a dime 50 yards down the field.
As a member of TFC's leadership group, Cheyrou was influential off the field. His character, plus his vast experience, earned him respect.
Coach Greg Vanney also credited the Frenchman for driving and organizing the so-called scout team at practice as it drilled the starting 11, forcing Bradley and company to excel.
Cheyrou was always worth watching on the field.
During a pre-season win over Miami FC in February, he showed his class. Playing defensive midfielder, he saw a crease in the opposition formation and surged ahead. As the ball came to him, he took a touch and shifted his body weight to get the ‘keeper leaning before beating him with a left-footed flick to the back post.
“The goalkeeper has no idea what's going on,” marvelled Vanney, who played against Cheyrou in France during his time with SC Bastia.
Cheyrou comes from Colombes, a northwest suburb of Paris. Several generations of Cheyrou played soccer for the venerable Racing Club de Paris and Benoit, growing up 500 metres from its stadium, was no different.
He learned his football there from six to 16 before moving to Lille's academy. He graduated to the senior side at 18, spending five years in the north of France.
He helped Lille win promotion to the French top-flight and qualify for the Champions League.
Cheyrou left for Auxerre, winning the French Cup (2005) during a three-year stint before moving to Olympique de Marseille in 2007 in a five-million-euro ($7.5 million) deal that sent a player the other way.
He excelled in the fishbowl that is OM football.
In seven seasons with Marseille, Cheyrou made 304 appearances in all competitions with 28 goals and 42 assists.
He won the Ligue 1 title (2009-10), ending an 18-year drought for the club, and three consecutive Coupe de la Ligue titles (2010, 2011, 2012).
Cheyrou represented France at the under-19, under-20 and under-21 level, winning the UEFA U-19 championship in 2000. He earned a call-up to the senior side in 2010 but didn't earn a cap.
Brother Bruno, three years older than Benoit, was once dubbed “the new Zidane” by then-Liverpool manager Gerard Houllier. While he did not live up to that gaudy praise, he did enjoy a long club career and won three caps for France.
Burden and Blame Chapter 7
Fires burned. An entire section of the grounds had been vaporized. A large chunk of forest now stood as ash. Where the rounds had exploded, a gaping chasm had opened up. Dust hung low to the ground as wind swept it slowly along. Smoke curled up into the night, putting an eerie haze in the sky.
Ruby stood in a trance. The destructive scene laid out before her was of her hand. Heat was still prevalent throughout the atmosphere. Any closer to the explosion and she would have met the same fate as the Grimm, incinerated on the spot. Nothing around her moved, save for a calm breeze. Looking down at her feet, she saw Crescent Rose. It remained in the same spot from when she had dropped to the ground for cover. Slowly bending over, sore from shock, she picked up the cherished weapon. She sat down on the ground slowly and began cleaning the dust off using her sleeve. Manually, she pulled out the expended black magazine from the rifle. With a click, it popped out. Purple smoke wafted outwards and into the air. Crescent Rose automatically folded back into its compact form as Ruby stood up to put it back on her belt rack.
Taking a deep breath, Ruby surveyed the scene. Turning around, she faced Beacon as a group of people rushed across the field headed for her. She looked down at the black cartridge in her hand and slid it back into the special pouch on her back, next her weapon. She looked back to the small crowd and saw Yang, Blake, and Weiss, accompanied by Headmaster Ozpin and Professor Goodwitch. Ruby started walking toward them, meeting them in the middle of the field. Yang opened her mouth, about to begin a tirade before Ozpin spoke, cutting her off.
"Miss Rose," Ozpin spoke. "You have caused, singlehandedly, the most damage this school has seen in years. Several hundred yards of school property has now become a hole, and the forest is on fire. Not to mention the panic you caused the other students when you managed to blow out all of the windows and cause your own miniature earthquake." Ruby looked down in shame at the list of events she had caused. "But," Ozpin said with a smirk, "you have also destroyed the largest recorded Grimm migration in Vytal. You have potentially saved thousands of lives throughout towns that would have been in their path," He paused to let the better information sink in. "And so, I think we may be able to forgive the destruction you have wrought." He finished with a smile as Ruby looked up, expression much lighter.
Yang was becoming fed up with the neglect of how her sister was actually faring. Ruby saw this and quickly improvised, not wanting her to blow up in front of everyone.
"Well, thank you Professor Ozpin, for everything, but we really must get going; lots of training and studying for classes to do!" She said hurriedly as she rushed her team off in the direction of the school.
"But Miss Rose, how are you doing?" Ozpin called.
"Finally you ask!" Yang yelled back before Ruby could put a hand over her mouth.
"Shut up, Yang." Ruby commanded, pushing her further away. "I'm doing fine Professor Ozpin, don't worry about it!" She called back, smiling in a cheesy manor.
"I don't even want to know…" Ozpin thought as he pulled out his scroll.
After reaching the school, Ruby started explaining to her sister what had happened before Yang could start to speak.
"Don't worry Yang, I'm fine. You know I can handle myself in a fight," she said in an exhausted tone.
"If you were fine, why did you use the Dark Dust rounds Qrow gave you for emergencies?" Yang asked, knowing very well Ruby wouldn't use them unless she had to.
"Well, it was getting a bit crowded…" she replied sarcastically. "There must have been a thousand of them!" she added, strengthening her argument.
"Actually," Blake interjected, chuckling a bit, "according to Professor Ozpin, there were six-hundred or so at most. We were impressed though, and a little bit scared."
"Scared?!" Weiss pushed past Yang and Blake harshly. She had been standing behind them, preoccupied with keeping herself under control. "Terrified is more like it!" She got up close to Ruby. "You used the rarest dust my family produces to nearly blow yourself up!" Weiss was more upset than mad, but nobody could tell at this point. She got right up in Ruby's face, jabbing a finger into her chest. "Do you have any idea on how much stress you've caused me in this past hour, let alone the past month?" she asked in an angry whisper.
Ruby slowly shook her head "no," eyes wide with fear.
"Well, she's obviously thought this through well enough…" Yang whispered to Blake at a safe distance, to which Blake nodded.
"Let's start with you putting yourself in harm's way, then me doing whatever I can to get you back, only to be on the brink of an emotional collapse when you go running off and become suicidal."
"B-but I wasn't suicidal… I was just venting," Ruby whispered back.
"I. Don't. Care!" Weiss yelled, punctuating every word and throwing her arms up. She went back to a whisper, saying "You just really don't understand." Weiss turned and walked off, leaving Ruby standing alone with Blake and Yang in the distance. They both walked over to Ruby, who was now on the verge of tears.
"I-I never got to tell her I remembered." Ruby muttered, staring at Weiss' back as she walked off towards a door.
"What do you mean?" Yang asked, wrapping an arm around her sister.
"All of the times she was there at my bedside. I could hear her promising to take care of me, and then Blake came in." Ruby took in a deep sigh. "When I got outside, all of the feelings came back at once. I didn't know what to do. What I heard scared me, because I didn't know if I was imagining what I had heard, or if it was real."
"Well, your chance to tell her isn't gone, but it is slipping away," Blake said, smiling.
"Ruby, what do you want from her?" Yang asked.
Ruby stared at her feet, thinking over the question.
"I want to be there for her. Like how she was there for me." Ruby said, coming to a conclusion regarding her own feelings. She looked up at Yang.
"What? Are you waiting for my permission or something?" Yang asked, confused. Ruby nodded. "Well, I've been supporting this from the start, so go; make Snow Angel yours." Yang smiled warmly at her younger sister.
"But, what if she's just being friendly? Well… her version of friendly… Maybe I should just leave her alone…"
"Ruby," Blake began. "If that was true, would she have done so much? Why else would she stay night after night beside your bed, hoping that you would wake up?"
Ruby started bouncing with happiness before she took off in Weiss' direction. It only took a minute with her semblance to catch the heiress, walking up the stairs to go back to the dorm room.
"Weiss!" Ruby called. The heiress paused on the steps and looked back. Ruby took the opportunity to run up the stairs ahead of Weiss, blocking her way.
"What do you want? Come to tell me all about how you remembered I'm not worthy of your time?" Weiss asked snidely.
"No…" Ruby sighed. "I wanted to apologize about that actually. You see, when you started telling me about what I had forgotten, all of those memories came back, and so did the feelings. I acted on what I felt," Ruby said, almost pleading. "But I also wanted to tell you, I remembered other things."
"Like what?" The hopefulness in Weiss' tone was not obscured.
"I remembered all the times you were in the infirmary. And the time you were crying next to my bed, with the promise…" Ruby smiled at Weiss' surprisingly shy expression. "You know I also heard what you told Blake you would do."
"Why bother?" Weiss asked, refusing to look at Ruby. "It seems like you already know."
"Well, maybe I want to hear it from you."
Weiss swallowed hard. She took a deep breath and stood straight up. Ruby was only a step above her, bringing them to even height.
"I-I…" Weiss stammered. Ruby's confidence was at an all-time high, and it was clouding her judgment.
"Well, I guess that'll do." Ruby wrapped her arms around the stuttering girl's neck gently.
"R-ruby? W-what are you doing?"
"Calm down already." Ruby whispered as she leaned in and softly kissed Weiss.
Weiss instantly froze up, becoming rigid with the contact of their lips. She had never been in such a position before. Seconds seemed to last for an hour, and the moment passed as they broke apart, looking deep into each other's eyes.
"Why did that make me feel so…Warm?" She thought, as she looked on at Ruby.
"Aww! That's just so cute!" Yang squeaked from just inside the doorway. Ruby and Weiss broke apart, looking back at Yang and Blake who were leaning against a wall. Blake smiled and started clapping. Yang joined in. Suddenly, the whole landing above Ruby and Weiss was filled with the sound of people's applause. Ruby looked up the stairs, only to see Team JNPR standing there, grinning at them.
"Yang! What the hell is going on?!" Weiss asked, shocked.
"Everyone's been waiting for this for a long time now." Yang laughed. "There was no way I was going to let them miss it. But don't mind us, please, go back to what you were doing."
"So, what now?" Ruby asked in a whisper to Weiss.
"We ignore them." Weiss smiled as she pulled Ruby in for another kiss.
Everybody inside was too distracted by the scene inside to notice the pair standing just far back enough to remain out of view.
"What is my assignment, sir?"
"Shadow, you do know the mission was a failure, correct?" Ozpin said.
"Yes, sir, I do."
"Team RWBY knows of your existence. Therefore, I will allow them to work with you to make sure that this time, such failure does not occur. Understood?
"Yes, sir," he replied. "What happens now?"
"We give them the time together they've been working so hard for. They may not survive if they aren't strong enough to withstand it as a team," Ozpin said coldly. "I'll have their courses changed to prepare them for what is to come."
"Shall I monitor their progress?"
"Yes, but don't let them know you're watching." Ozpin shot a sideways glance at his student.
"They won't know a thing," he said as he activated his semblance, dissipating into thin air.
Ozpin took one last glance at Team RWBY.
"Even if they're together, they may not be strong enough." He thought as he turned, walking away. "We may just lose our last chance."
A/N: So this is the final chapter, but B&B will be back in a few months for a sequel. Stay tuned for some end notes from both Proto and I.
Kyndall Jack and Nicolas Cendoya became lost after they ventured into the wilderness in the Trabuco Canyon area of Cleveland National Forest. Cendoya was charged Tuesday with the possession of drugs that were found in a car at the trailhead. Robert Kovacik reports for the NBC4 News at 11 p.m. on May 1, 2013. (Published Thursday, May 2, 2013)
One of the teen hikers who got lost in the wilderness of Orange County, prompting a massive five-day search effort that cost more than $160,000, has been charged with the possession of methamphetamine found during the hike.
Authorities found an illegal substance in the car in which Nicolas Cendoya, 19, had traveled to the trailhead in the Trabuco Canyon area of Cleveland National Forest, Orange County Sheriff's Department spokesman Gail Krause said Wednesday.
A felony charge of possession of a controlled substance was filed against Cendoya on Tuesday, according to Farrah Emami, a spokeswoman for the Orange County District Attorney's office.
The substance was 497 milligrams of methamphetamine, which were found in his car April 2, when sheriff's deputies were looking for information on him, Emami said.
Taxpayers Likely to Foot $160K Bill for OC Hiker Rescue
The Costa Mesa teens who went missing in Trabuco Canyon could be responsible for the $160,000 it cost Orange County officials to find them. Dozens of deputies and firefighters searched around the clock for the hiking duo. Nicholas Cendoya, 19, said he didn't want his parents to be burdened with the cost, but if it came to it, he would help out. Vikki Vargas reports from Santa Ana for the NBC4 News at 6 p.m. on April 30, 2013. (Published Tuesday, April 30, 2013)
That amount of methamphetamine is likely to be a supply rather that a dosage that could be consumed at one time, according to NBC4's Dr. Bruce Hensel.
Authorities had said that they could only attempt to recover the $160,000 cost for the massive search for Cendoya and his companion, 18-year-old Kyndall Jack, if a criminal charge was filed against the hikers.
The cost of the multiagency search was released Tuesday and included the services of six agencies.
Lost Hiker Thought He Was Going to Die
Nicholas Cendoya, who was lost in an Orange County forest for four days, said he didn't know whether he'd make it out alive. Jane Yamamoto reports for the NBC4 News at 6 p.m. on Sunday, April 7, 2013. (Published Sunday, April 7, 2013)
Cendoya, who spoke to NBC4 on Tuesday and said he would help pay back the cost of the search if needed, was not being held, Emami said. Cendoya said he didn't want his parents to be burdened with the search costs, which he called "insane."
Asked on Tuesday if he was on drugs during the hike, Cendoya said "absolutely not."
Cendoya and Jack, both of Costa Mesa, had headed onto the popular trails of Holy Jim Canyon in the Cleveland National Forest on Easter only to get separated at night. They had entered the wilderness with a single water bottle and no warm clothing.
Lost for several days, the two were found separately by rescuers in dense brush on April 3 and April 4.
A reserve deputy was seriously injured during Kyndall's rescue after he fell 60 feet and hit his head.
Both Jack and Kyndall were found dehydrated, disoriented and covered in cuts and bruises -- but they suffered no major injuries. Each said they had hallucinated through much of their time in the steep canyon area.
"I was in lucid dreams and hallucinations for days. I could see the helicopters flying over me every day. When the firefighters came up to me, I couldn't even believe it," Cendoya said after his ordeal. "We weren't meant to die."
He is set to be arraigned in Santa Ana Superior Court on May 22, Emami said.
NBC4's Ryan Bourgard and Vikki Vargas contributed to this article.
New 3DS Upgrade
The BEAUTIFUL Majora's Mask Edition 3DS is simply stunning. I have had the very first 3DS (blue) and the Link Between Worlds edition 3DS XL. None compare to this. The active 3D feature makes this system a joy to play and exclusive titles such as Xenoblade (hopefully more to come) make full use of the c-stick which is perfect for looking around. This is what the original 3DS should have been! Faster, longer battery life, a great screen (was lucky enough to get the IPS screen, not the TN panel) and an "extra" joystick / thumb stud / circle pad for looking around. GREAT in Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate! This system's battery life is PHENOMENAL. A 7 hour bus ride from Vienna through Graz, then Slovenia, and then to Varazdin and finally Zagreb only used up 75% with high volume with headphones and the 3D effect fully on, screen brightness level 4. I am truly impressed by the quality and finish of the paint, the newer and better processing speed, and the active 3D system (no more pesky sweet spot). The only part where it falls short is graphics, but hey... it's a handheld and if they loaded 1080p like on phones and other systems, goodbye battery life. The graphics are enough, that is very fair to say. Xenoblade's text looks a little choppy, but games like MH4U, Majora's Mask, Ocarina of Time, Alpha Sapphire, and Fire Emblem: Awakening are GORGEOUS. I cannot wait for the new Fire Emblem Fates and the new Final Fantasy Explorers. They will be a true marvel to behold on this wonderful must-have system.
X Previous image Next image
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: droulias
Troops belonging to the Ukrainian Army and the Aidar battalion, a volunteer fighting unit, rest in the town of Shastya, Ukraine. Shastya means "happiness." Once a picturesque town of 13,000 in Luhansk Oblast, Shastya has become the frontline between Ukrainian forces and the forces of the breakaway Luhansk People's Republic.
In the frozen landscapes of Eastern Ukraine, where government forces and pro-Russia fighters are fighting a bitter war of attrition, the specter of another vicious and unforgiving war looms.
“Shortly before the ceasefire, the scene was reminiscent of a World War I battleground,” says photographer Ross McDonnell, who has spent the last two weeks working along the Ukrainian front lines in Donetsk and Luhansk. “[There was] a lot of heavy shelling all day and all night, with tactical machine and mortar fire from open trenches on what was once the main road to Donetsk.”
McDonnell stayed in those trenches, near Shastya, a small town whose name means “Happiness.” For its inhabitants, however, the last few months have offered anything but joy, as it has repeatedly exchanged hands between the separatists and pro-government forces.
For the Irish photographer, who's been covering the conflict since the first days of the Maidan revolution in early 2014, the goal now is to present a snapshot of the day-to-day life on the battlefield from the Ukrainian side. “There's a sense of daily life in the trenches [establishing itself],” he says. “Many of the fighters have been there for months and they are exhausted. In Debaltseve, most of the fighters were in the encircled city for three months before withdrawing in the last days.”
On Wednesday, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko announced the withdrawal of more than 2,000 government troops from the disputed and strategic town of Debaltseve, trying to cast the move in a positive light while Russia-backed rebels claimed victory.
Despite the bitter winter and heavy losses on both sides, the spirit has remained warm, says McDonnell. “The people are pragmatic, and we get a sense that the soldiering life is a job and a duty,” he tells TIME. “On the Ukrainian side, at least, there's a huge amount of pride. As individuals, they feel let down by their new government and by the West. They want to think they are ready to defeat the pro-Russian rebels, but they can't take on Russia itself.”
And there's no end in sight for this conflict, despite the fragile cease-fire that went into effect recently. “It will depend on the rebels' ambitions,” says McDonnell, “but after their recent victories, it's difficult to see any lasting ceasefire.”
https://instagram.com/p/zIuIUUhrAE/
Ross McDonnell is a photographer and filmmaker born in Dublin. LightBox has previously featured McDonnell's work from Ukraine . Follow him on Instagram where he shares short films of life in Eastern Ukraine's trenches.
Olivier Laurent is the editor of TIME LightBox. Follow him on Twitter and Instagram @olivierclaurent
It may be fitting that it's been over two years since I've posted here. That time was my tenure at social/mobile game developer Kabam. I started there in April of 2011 and ended my time there this week.
In those two-plus years we've seen the indie social game market be swallowed by the Big Developers (which is one of the reasons I went to Kabam), seen the apex and initial decline of the Facebook game ecology (arguably after Facebook poisoned the well with a 30% “tax” on sales on their platform), and seen the fast rise of games on mobile phones and tablets.
The span of time when indies were making viable games on phones and tablets was even shorter than it was for web-based social games; successful phone/tablet games are now approaching AAA/console quality, and budgets and schedules are once again skyrocketing, leaving all but the most resourceful developers behind. Free-to-play is no longer an anomaly; there is still a lot to be learned, but companies are reliably making hundreds of millions of dollars in very profitable revenue using this model.
Discoverability is now the big problem for developers: players have to know about your game among the hundreds or thousands coming out every single week, or all your work is for nothing. And this has put Apple and Google in the position of kingmakers more than any publisher or retailer was back in the days of retail-box games.
The big question for many of us is, where does game design fit in this back-to-the-future world of visual polish and revenue-creating pinch-points? I think it's still an open question. It's entirely possible to make good games that spread their ability to bring in revenue over a wide range of payment opportunities… but I have yet to see a design (even of my own) where this business model didn't affect and to some degree twist the design off of its natural course.
I don't know that this is inevitable, or that better designs necessarily need to avoid various forms of “pay to win,” but I think we will have to explore a lot more to figure this out. And meanwhile, the market moves on, rewarding companies with astounding riches if they manage to strike a balance between accessibility, visual fidelity, and some degree of fun.
In the past two years I've worked on some terrific projects and gotten to know a lot of great people. I also learned a ton by being on the front lines of social and mobile game design, development, and operations. But, as always the game market zigs and zags, and companies have to act fast and be nimble just to keep up.
I'll let Kabam's strategy speak for itself as it emerges over the coming months. For myself, I'm looking back to my roots as much as possible: real, deep game design and (in some combination) social AI.
I've managed to keep up some amount of AI work, even publishing a couple of papers (see the paper “Toward a comprehensive theory of emotions for biological and artificial agents“). I'm now in the process of stripping down and re-architecting the AI “People Engine” itself. I'm going to do my best to chronicle this re-development here, focusing on the more difficult questions I'm facing.
And oh yeah: I am looking for my next opportunity in games. I still believe that games are the vanguard of technology development and adoption. This is the place to be, in one form or another.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
CHANGSHA, China - Gilas Pilipinas held its ground in the face of a brave stand by Lebanon to pull off a 82-70 win on Thursday night and reach the semifinals of the Fiba Asia Championships at the Changsha Social World Colleges gymnasium.
Jayson Castro scored 25 points while Andray Blatche had 24 points and 17 rebounds in a sixth successive win that enabled Gilas to set up a semifinal showdown with underdog Japan on Friday night.
Defending champion Iran and host China face off in the other semifinal.
Longtime national Marc Pingris also played big in the endgame, scoring six crucial points that helped created separation for Gilas in front of a crowd that cheered for the underdog Lebanese.
Gilas finally made the decisive breakaway late in the fourth quarter, when Blatche made two free throws and a difficult jumper and Romeo a hangtime jumper to complete a 6-0 run for a 69-59 lead with 4:04 left.
Continue reading below ↓
The last of Castro's five three-pointers gave Gilas a 74-62 lead with 2:13 left.
Blatche later admitted the win was Gilas' way of responding to Lebanon coach Vesilin Matic's statement on the eve of the match that with no Iran, it's going to be ‘easy, easy' against the Philippines.
“Yeah, I think it fired all of us. We took it as a sign of disrespect,” said Blatche, who clapped his hand and shouted ‘easy, easy' just as he passed by the Lebanon bench when coach Tab Baldwin finally took him out with the outcome of the game already in the bag.
“We worked hard to get where we're at. We didn't plain say it's going to be easy. So for a coach to say playing us is going to be plain easy is a big sign of disrespect.”
Continue reading below ↓
Calvin Abueva also psyched-up himself for the game upon hearing Matic's comments.
“Naging focus na ako, determined na agad ako sa laro,” he said.
Castro had 12 points right in the first quarter for Gilas, which opened an early nine-point lead in the first half but couldn't shake off a Lebanese side that struggled in the preliminaries yet obviously peaked at the right time.
Lebanon no longer had longtime star Fadi Al-Khatib, but what it had was a tall, well-balanced side led by naturalized player Jasmon Youngblood that shot well from inside and out to keep Gilas within range.
At the half, Blatche already had 13 points and nine rebounds, yet all Gilas had was a five-point lead, 37-32.
The scores:
GILAS 82 - Castro 25, Blatche 24, Romeo 10, Pingris 8, Abueva 7, Norwood 5, De Ocampo 3, Ganuelas 0, Thoss 0, Hontiveros 0
LEBANON 70 - Haidar 18, Bawji 17, Youngblood 12, ABD El Nour 8, Arakji 8, Saoud 7, Aby Kheres 0, Ibrahim 0, Souaid 0, Akl 0, Tabet 0, El Ayoubi 0
Continue reading below ↓
Quarterscores: 20-16; 37-32; 57-49; 82-70
The toast is not intended for consumption
An internet casino confirmed it had purchased the sandwich, saying it had become a "part of pop culture".
Goldenpalace.com says it will take the sandwich on world tour before selling it and donating the money to charity.
Diane Duyser, from Florida, says the sandwich has never gone mouldy since she made it 10 years ago.
By the time the sandwich auction closed on Monday the sale had received over 1.7 million hits on the auction site.
'Mystical power'
"We will definitely use the sandwich to raise money for charity, and we hope it will raise people's spirits as well," said Richard Rowe, the casino's CEO.
"With the... thousands of search engine queries, it is obvious that this is something people want to know more about... and Golden Palace will help spread the word.
"We believe that everyone should be able to see it and learn of its mystical power for themselves."
Last week, Mrs Duyser told reporters the sandwich had brought her luck - including winnings of $70,000 at a casino near her Florida home.
I went to take a bite out of it, and then I saw this lady looking back at me. I hollered for [my husband]. It scared me at first
Diane Duyser
Mrs Duyser says she noticed the image burned into her sandwich as she was about to tuck into it in autumn 1994.
"I went to take a bite out of it, and then I saw this lady looking back at me," she said, according to the Chicago Tribune newspaper.
"I hollered for him," she said, gesturing to her husband, Greg. "It scared me at first."
She says she has done nothing to preserve the sandwich except keeping it in a plastic box, but "it doesn't fall apart or crumble or anything".
Nevertheless, before auctioning her sandwich Mrs Duyser cautioned buyers that it was "not intended for consumption".
The item has inspired sellers to place dozens of spin-off items on the online auction site, including attempts at replica burnt toast, T-shirts, ornamental plates, and domain names.
One seller is even offering a "Virgin Mary" sandwich toaster - though the item description includes the caveat that the item "may or may not reproduce the Virgin Mary image".
Former British number one Greg Rusedski believes Andy Murray is suffering from physical problems, while Novak Djokovic is suffering from a mental one.
Murray and Djokovic started 2017 as the world's top-two players in the ATP tennis rankings, with the duo both playing in the final of the Doha Open in January, which was won by the latter.
However, the pair have since suffered from poor form and injuries, winning just a combined three titles in the calendar year and failing to emulate their Grand Slam performances from last year.
With both players last featuring at Wimbledon, Djokovic revealed he would take the rest of the year off as he recovers from an elbow injury while Murray has also followed suit as he deals with a hip injury.
They are both, however, confirmed to return at the 2018 Australian Open and Rusedski thinks Murray will fare better upon his return, compared to the Serbian ace.
"Murray, for me, it's not mental, it's physical," Rusedski said, as quoted by Sky Sports. "If the body comes back and the hip is fine and he can get himself physically fit again, and everything is firing, he will be in the mix to win majors again.
"Djokovic, for me, however, with the elbow injury – it's such a mental question mark. He was the best player bar none when he held all the four majors [at the same time] – which no player had done since Rod Laver.
"The fall from grace he has had has been incredible – that to me is mental and that can be more difficult [to overcome] sometimes than a physical injury."
Murray is currently ranked number three while Djokovic has slipped from second to seventh in the ATP tennis rankings.
I love watching the UFC these days. It's progressed and developed to the point where a good bout looks like sparring from old-school martial arts. Lyoto Machida's fight against Mark Munoz was pretty much exactly what I learned to do in Shotokan Karate. Control the distance in the fight, look for the perfect opening, and strike to finish. I love traditional martial arts. I think they are wonderful repositories of technique and tactics.
A good teacher of a traditional art is a walking encyclopedia of mayhem. They should be capable of devising a solution to any martial problem from within their own system, as was handed down to them from their teacher. Put a traditional martial artist in the cage with an experienced MMA fighter? It's going to be a bloodbath. Or at best, the traditional fighter is going to look like a raw beginner with a heavy dose of flail in his system. I've seen it time and time again.
On the internet, the group-think is that this is because traditional arts suck. That's not true. They don't suck, but their training has one big flaw.
In last nights class, we taught a side-step counter to a punch. Pretty straight forward…punch comes in, you drop your lead hand, pull your head back a smidge, and drive out to your right. When you land, you respond with a overhand right. I've done this in a few other arts, but you usually throw a block in with the left hand. It's a technique that works for boxers, but not for traditional artists. Why? It's the same technique, basically. Could even argue that the traditional way is better, since it provides an extra bit of “smother” and safety to counter from. You could argue that, but the traditional technique will still fail every time, while the boxing one works.
Teaching the technique last night, I first taught it as a technique. A punches, B responds. Nice and easy. I made corrections to the gross errors I saw, and cleaned up some misconceptions. It looked crisp and easy. As a traditional teacher, that would a checkmark for being done teaching that technique. Just follow up with polish, counters, further corrections and what-ifs. We weren't done, though. Nobody every throws one punch and then stands still while you hit them back. Not gonna happen.
The classic boxing technique is the 1-2, jab and cross combination. I will pop a jab in your face, and then I will take advantage of my arm being up and in your way, and your lean back or hand lift for defense, or whatever you do, and I will use it as an opening to hammer in a right cross to your chin. And as I do that, I'm pasting my left hand back my chin, and cranking my right shoulder up because I expect you to be firing something right back at me. If you haven't responded correctly to those two punches, my third punch is going to a hook to your liver that's on it's way to you about the same time my right cross is bouncing off of your face. And I'm still leaning back to keep my head out of reach off your expected counter. Boxing anticipates a clever and gifted opponent, and tries to win anyway. It makes the assumption that every technique will draw counter-fire that has to be respected and dealt with.
And that is pretty much the only real difference between traditional arts and modern MMA-focussed art. Traditional arts are taught and practiced in a turn-taking fashion: I do this, you will do that, then I will do this. Combat arts are taught in a parallel fashion: I will do this while you are doing that, and then I will do this while you do that other thing.
Much historical swordplay instruction fails for the same reason. And the fix is pretty easy. When you start to work on a new technique, after you have gotten your personal mechanics down, make it work in the worst possible conditions. Think about the 1-2. What if your opponent doesn't stop to respect your counter? What if they have launched a follow-up on pure reflex? Can you deal with that? You should be able to.
You have to take the body of knowledge that you have and adapt it for your own responses, to work for you in any situation. You wind up having far fewer techniques that you can rely on, but you can rely on them absolutely. It's not a bad trade. It takes a ton of work to actually achieve, but what in martial arts doesn't?
I highly recommend checking out Jack Slack's website and books for all martial artists. If you really want to learn more about striking arts, he's the guy.
Germany's foreign intelligence agency plans to spend hundreds of millions of euros on surveillance technology designed to monitor foreign social networks, local media reported, citing a confidential document.
The Federal Intelligence Service (BND) will spend €28 million, in 2015 alone, on its Strategic Technical Initiative (SIT), the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported.
According to a confidential report seen by the newspaper, the agency asked the Bundestag's Budget Committee for a total of €300 million ($375 million) for the SIT program between 2015 and 2020.
The BND plans to set up an early warning system for cyberattacks, the report said.
Government spokesman Steffen Seibert was quoted as saying that the aim of SIT is to create an early warning system so that Germany can identify attacks on German IT infrastructure.
He confirmed to the dpa news agency that the BND had teamed up with Vupen, a French information security company, which has a reputation for discovering the so-called "zero-day" hidden vulnerabilities in software. There is a high demand for zero-day exploits on the grey market among hackers and security researchers.
READ MORE: Thousands of Germans rally to end government spying
The Federal Intelligence Service reportedly wants to spend €4.5 million to help it find security holes in the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol used by web services to protect personal information. The program to crack SSL, codenamed Nitidezza, would also target the HTTPS protocol, used by a number of banks, online shops and social networks.
Many slammed the government for supporting the market looking for security holes, saying it's a "very bad idea." Activist hacker collective, the Chaos Computer Club (CCC), released a statement describing the plans as "a serious and unacceptable attack on our fundamental rights."
Green Party leader Anton Hofreiter told Passau Neue Presse: "It is totally ironic that vulnerabilities are deliberately left open and retained, rather than to inform the public about them."
The head of the Left Party, Bernd Riexinger, demanded a ban on such practices, calling on the Budget Committee to "to immediately block" the project funding.
German Pirate Party president Stefan Körner said: "If this is the strategy of the government for our security, we should fear them and their intelligence agencies more than the danger of cyber-terror that they're always hyping."
Quickly emerging as the top wide receiver in the Notre Dame offense, Equanimeous St. Brown has turned heads due to his game play and his name. At 6'5” and 205 pounds, St. Brown is a huge target and a physical receiver.
Background
Equanimeous St. Brown
Notre Dame
Sophomore Wide Receiver
6'5″ 205 lbs
Once a four star wide receiver out of Anaheim, California, ESPN, Rivals, and 247sports ranked him as a top-20 wide receiver in the nation in 2015. St. Brown is highly intelligent with a 4.0 GPA and speaks four languages (Spanish, German, French, and English). He can even read and write in German, English and French. In fact, St. Brown made his announcement to Notre Dame on ESPN in three languages (English, German, and French).
An article by Chris Johnson of SI.com explains that the origin of St. Brown's first name came from the word equanimity, meaning “calm motions when dealing with problems or pressure.” If Equanimeous isn't hard enough to say, his full name is Equanimeous Tristan Imhotep J. St. Brown. Say that ten times fast. This is why most broadcast announcers have been known to call him “EQ”.
As a senior wide receiver at Servite High School in Anaheim, California, St. Brown made 32 receptions for 485 yards and four touchdowns. He also caught 42 passes for 725 yards and six touchdowns as junior in 2013.
During his freshman season at Notre Dame, St. Brown played sparingly as a reserve wide receiver and on special teams. Unfortunately, he suffered a shoulder injury during practice, forcing him to miss the final four games of the season. He ened the 2015 season with one catch and eight yards.
Positives
Size: Standing 6'5” and 205 pounds, St. Brown has very good size and stature for receiver. His noticeable arm length mixed with his size makes for a very good catch radius. He uses great awareness and concentration to win at the catch point. His size and very good body control allow for him to position his frame and square up his shoulders to high point the catch.
Hands: The famous acrobatic catch against Texas put St. Brown on the map. As an evaluator, this is the catch I was waiting for. St. Brown displayed excellent awareness, focus and concentration to track the ball and identify the catch point.
He has good, not great hands, but has shown improvement every game that I evaluate. He displays the ability to catch outside his frame. He extends his arms to get the most of his catch radius and frames the football with his hands.
Ability to get open: St. Brown does a great job of deceiving cornerbacks throughout the vertical stem. He uses his eyes and body jukes to force defenders to flip their hips in the wrong direction. He is not a great route runner, but is a smart route runner. He times his breaks and his cuts strategically at the top of his route. This allows him to create instant space even though he is hindered by his lack of lateral agility. He is faster than quick and has deceptive acceleration after the catch. He doesn't necessarily have a second gear, but facilitates yards after the catch using very good ball carrier vision and field awareness.
Negatives
Explosiveness: Having such an elongated frame is not the reason for St. Brown's limited agility. He has very tight hips and has trouble sinking his hips when breaking in and out of routes. He is not exceptionally elusive or strong with the ball in his hands. His lack of functional strength hinders his ability to break tackles.
He has an average first step off the line with an adequate release. He's a bit of a long strider so it takes time for him to build up speed. He will need to improve his footwork and technique when coming off the line of scrimmage.
Route Running: Notre Dame has not asked much of St. Brown in terms of route running. He is used mostly on slant, post and go routes. Notre Dame uses him consistently in the slant and cross over routes. He has the tendency to telegraph his breaks in his routes. His need to decelerate in order to shift his hips when changing direction plagues his timing with curl and hitch routes.
Overall
NFL teams cannot overlook a 6'5” wide receiver with great mental capacity and athletic ability. His thin frame is concerning, but his frame can facilitate 15 to 20 more pounds. St. Brown is a natural pass catcher with outstanding concentration and focus. He will need to improve his route running, footwork and his technique off the line of scrimmage. He will be a solid wide receiver in the NFL with a very high ceiling of potential.
Rogues! What would fantasy be without them? You have to love the snarky, high-dexterity tricksters who add an element of surprise (and fun!) to the traditional swords-and-sorcery mix.
Ask some random readers for modern fantasy recommendations involving rogues, and you're sure to hear more than a few people mention the names Scott Lynch and Locke Lamora—the former being the author of the wonderful Gentleman Bastard series, and the latter the main character of that series and, for my money, the best rogue character to appear in the genre in ages.
So. With that being said, I'll go ahead and break the bad news: Scott Lynch's contribution to the new Rogues anthology is not a Locke Lamora story. As far as I know, it's not even set in the world of the Gentleman Bastard series. Of course, it could be: I didn't recognize any proper names from the series, but the story might well be set on an entirely different continent or possibly in an entirely different era. Who knows, maybe Lynch is even trying to pull a Brandon Sanderson “Cosmere” trick here.
Still, for all intents and purposes, I think we can consider the story unconnected to the adventures of Locke, Jean, Sabetha et al. Not that this in any way spoils the fun, because “A Year and a Day in Old Theradane” is a blast from start to finish.
“Do you remember when we used to be interesting people?” That line, uttered by one of the main characters of the story, perfectly summarizes the starting point of “A Year and a Day in Old Theradane.” A group of forcibly retired criminals is meeting for one of their monthly drinking sessions, reminiscing about the days when they regularly pulled huge heists.
All of that ended when they purchased sanctuary from the Parliament of Strife, a group of insanely powerful—and powerfully insane—wizards who rule the city of Theradane and occasionally lay waste to entire chunks of it when they're having one of their ongoing magical battles for supremacy. Or as one of the characters in the story says: “Always something interesting exploding nearby.”
And so, as the story starts, the “Retired Folks' Commiseration and Inebriation Society” is sitting in a bar, playing cards and getting outrageously drunk—so drunk that the leader of the group, Amarelle Parathis, also known as the Duchess Unseen, decides to go give one of the wizards in the Parliament of Strife a piece of her mind. Not a smart move, as one of the conditions of her amnesty is never threatening the rulers of the “thaumatocracy.” And so it starts…
One of my favorite aspects of Scott Lynch's prose is the way he describes the cities in his novels, and the way he not only manages to make them alien and mysterious, but also ties those alien and mysterious elements into the actual plot of the novel. It's not just pretty scenery—it's pretty scenery that also means something. Lynch does this several times in “A Year and a Day in Old Theradane,” from the description of the inn where Amarelle and company are meeting, to the residence of the wizard Ivovandas.
Most effectively, he uses this technique right from the start when Amarelle is walking towards the bar to meet her former crew. She crosses a bridge where former criminals suffer a horrific punishment: their unshriven souls reside in statues, lighting up the bridge and morosely reminding passers-by of their crimes. As a reader, you know immediately how ruthless the Parliament of Strife is. Then, when Amarelle passes the statue that holds the soul of one of her former crew members (“You bent your knees to my killers before my flesh was even cold. […] Someday you will share this vigil with me.”), you know almost all you need to know about their history—all inside of two pages.
Another one of Scott Lynch's strengths is also on display here: his ability to create colorful, fascinating characters in just a few paragraphs. Sophara Miris (whose description is a thing of beauty) was the magician of the crew, and now a mage-mixologist who creates the most amazing (and insanely intoxicating) magical cocktails. Her wife, Brandwin Miris, is an “armorer, artificer, and physician to automatons.” That last bit refers to the crew's fourth member, Shraplin Self-Made, a magical steampunk-robot-person who gained freedom from indentured service in a most glorious way. (You'll see.)
So, yes, they may not be Locke, Jean, Sabetha, Caldo and Galo, but this is still another fascinating group of “klepto-kindred spirits” (their term) who endlessly crack wise at each other and exchange some of the best insults and curses in all fantasy. Their exploits wouldn't be out of character for Jack Vance's Cugel the Clever either; the atmosphere and tempo of this story somehow reminded me of the great author's Dying Earth stories.
Since I'm comparing to other authors anyway, I can't be the only person who was reminded of Kvothe when reading this glorious drunken rant by Amarelle, right before she's about to get herself in trouble:
“Of course I can.” Amarelle stood up nearly straight and, after a few false starts, approximately squared her shoulders. “I'm not some marshmallow-muscled tourist, I'm the Duchess Unseen! I stole the sound of the sunrise and the tears of a shark. I borrowed a book from the library of Hazar and didn't return it. I crossed the Labyrinth of the Death Spiders in Moraska TWICE—”
“I know,” said Sophara. “I was there.”
“…and then I went back and stole all the Death Spiders!”
I couldn't help mentally adding a “You may have heard of me.” to that one. It's ironic that, right before she launches that tirade, she says the prophetic words that sum up the entire story:
“Better to say nothing and be thought a fool,” said Amarelle, “than to interfere in the business of wizards and remove all doubt.”
To avoid spoilers, all of this really only summarizes the setup of this story—it's after this that the real fun starts. There are many more goodies to be found (a spring-heeled werejackal! a magical Faraday cage!) and many more lines of witty repartee and spectacular insults. “A Year and a Day in Old Theradane” may not be a Locke Lamora story, but it's a ton of fun and a great addition to this anthology.
Rogues are available June 17th from Random House.
We'll be reviewing additional stories from the anthology soon, look for them all here!
Stefan Raets reads and reviews science fiction and fantasy whenever he isn't distracted by less important things like eating and sleeping. You can find him on Twitter, and his website is Far Beyond Reality.
By:
04/16/2015
My piece is a cry to decolonize; to blatantly deface and dismantle the structures on this campus that alienate by telling us that we cannot be proud of our working poor background, our accents, and our black and brown skins; to realize that there is no shame. We need not a degree, or an acceptance letter from an affluent and predominantly white institution to give us our worth. Our stories and struggles—those that we demand a space for—are the true foundation of our beauty.
This letter is our affirmation that this campus cannot ignore, for we, just like those who came before—indios, slaves, campesinos, obreros, immigrants—endure.
To those newly admitted,
Jack the Bulldog has a house, on 36th between P and O Street. If I had told my dad, he would smile slightly, and chuckle with his gaze faced down toward the ground. He'd say, “Mira, tenían razón Los Guaraguao.” Look, The Guaraguao were right.
Guaraguao who sang:
Que alegres viven los perros, en casa del explotador.
Usted no lo va creer
Pero hay escuelas de perros
Y les dan educación
Pa' que no muerdan los diarios.
Pero el patrón hace años, muchos años
Que esta mordiendo el obrero.
How happily the dogs live in the exploiter's house.
You are not going to believe
But there are dog [training]schools
That give them education
So they don't to bite the newspapers.
But the boss for years, many years
Has been biting the worker.
Pero mira. But look. You, newly admitted. In the Junited Estates—in Georgetown—there are houses for dogs. El Patrón has given el perro, Jack, a multi-million dollar townhouse, as we Latinos beg the university for a bone—for a house, for a space to express our own.
Can I tell you that the institution, Georgetown, welcomes you, asks you to be open to the diverse experiences of those around you, tells you that you will learn from each other? Do I omit that, when you hear “Spring Break in the Caymans,” see that the Spring Fashion catalogue students put together includes a $200 shirt and a $325 blouse, it might be hard not to feel excluded? Do I spend my last dollar buying that Brooks Brothers shirt, those salmon Polo shorts, Sperry Top-Siders, as if a piece of clothing with some smiling whale is going to mask my accent and brown skin? Or do I fight?
Te digo that even when we get a casa, we will not allow the university to put us on a leash. They tell us not to bite the hand that feeds us. They've told ours to be silent in the fields of concrete and green, in their houses, kitchens and offices. No más. No silence can be afforded. Racism and classism exist even here in this heaven, where white angelic bodies reign, where capital affords you power and belonging. Here where John Carroll waits like St. Peter at the gate, admitting you who leave your homes to come to one of the most privileged places in the country.
I've had it with the nice talk. Mijos, mijas, and all y'all, this campus does not have a Casa Latina. And we need you to be aware. Don't get me wrong. Latinos are here. Look at yourselves. Look at how you make up twelve percent of your incoming class.
If you come, there are several here ready to make you feel like you're at home. But, I want you to know what you are signing up for, when you sign that paper committing yourself to attend this Hilltop. Babosos, la lucha doesn't stop when you walk through those gates. Beans and rice follow you even though they might taste worse without consomé, at Leos. That lack of salt may assault your identity. I know. There is no place to affirm that tu lucha es mi lucha. Pero confía. It is. There is no space to dialogue, to discuss, and to discover our person: queer, women, men, black, brown, poor, proud and all we are in jumbled Spanglish. Pero confia, we are fighting for a permanent home.
Excitement and fear runs through your veins. We've been there; feeling alone, leaving those los que nos aman y entienden for those who might not accept us. I want to congratulate you. You've made it vos, gotten that letter and probably that financial aid with as many zeros that you didn't know existed. I'm proud of you, fool. I hope you join us in establishing our presence—let this institution know that our liberation is not based on silence, not on assimilation, but the expression of ourselves and our identity. Demandamos Casa Latina.
You can sign the petition to create a Casa Latina here.
Edward Norton to Play the Villain in Tony Gilroy's New 'Bourne Legacy'
Some juicy new casting news to throw your way this evening. Variety is reporting a big scoop that Oscar nominated actor Edward Norton, out shooting Wes Anderson's Moonrise Kingdom, is "in negotiations" to play the the villain in Universal's The Bourne Legacy opposite Jeremy Renner. The film is being directed by Tony Gilroy and also has Rachel Weisz attached to star. Unfortunately, they don't have any details on the character or story, except that it's about "another assassin who seeks his identity" that isn't Jason Bourne, as we've known for a while. Either way, it's awesome to see Norton back in a good role with potential like this.
Frank Marshall, Ben Smith and Jeffrey Weiner are producing The Bourne Legacy, and it's supposed to start shooting in September. Unfortunately because it is a mysterious new Bourne film, not many other details are known about it yet, including what exactly the story is. As for Edward Norton, he last appeared in a few films like Stone and Leaves of Grass (a great flick), as well as Pride and Glory and The Incredible Hulk, so I'm excited about his potential to play a villain in something like this - I love seeing Norton really get into characters. That's all the info they have, but we'll keep our eyes out for more. Sound like good casting?
1 Anonymous on Jul 13, 2011
2 MiKa on Jul 13, 2011
3 Day on Jul 13, 2011
4 Smendoza on Jul 13, 2011
5 Losers on Jul 13, 2011
6 rocKKicker on Jul 13, 2011
7 Kaosupreme on Jul 13, 2011
8 Xerxexx on Jul 13, 2011
9 grimjob on Jul 13, 2011
10 JL on Jul 13, 2011
11 grimjob on Jul 14, 2011
12 Losers on Jul 13, 2011
13 Anonymous on Jul 14, 2011
14 Atlbravesatl10 on Jan 26, 2012
15 Whatiswrongwithus on Jul 9, 2012
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
A first time study by the Department of the Interior predicts less snow in the California Sierras over the next century due to global warming, potentially hammering drinking water stores for the drier months.
The Sacramento and San Joaquin Basins Climate Impact Assessment, released WHEN, predicts temperatures in California's Central Valley will rise more than three degrees by the end of the century. That means some precipitation that would normally fall as snow and stick to the mountains will instead wash out as rain.
That snow does more than provide recreation for skiers. It's like a bank account for future water withdrawals.
"This study confirms that the current status quo for water supply in California is not sustainable," said Deputy Interior Secretary Michael Connor.
Connor said California has relied on having that snowpack to slowly melt, providing water that would last into mid- or late-summer. Less snow means less water in California's hotter, drier months.
Connor said officials are examining two options for capturing and storing that rain: dams for new reservoirs or replenishing groundwater.
Environmentalists oppose new dams.
Last week, Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation to manage the state's groundwater supply, which until then was not regulated.
Ron Stork, of Friends of the River advocates for limiting how much water farmers pull from aquifers.
The report predicts that's going to happen anyway.
"The average annual agricultural demands are projected to decrease because of reduced irrigated acreage," it reads. The report also predicts increased demand on water supplies from a growing urban population.
The report outlines another problem in meeting those needs: rising sea levels of more than five feet will lead to saltwater intrusion into California's main water source, the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. Increased salinity and a rise in the temperature of river water also means a decline of habitat for fish and wildlife.
Jason Joseph Connery (born 11 January 1963) is an English actor and director. He is the son of actor Sir Sean Connery. On screen, he is best known for appearing in the third series of the ITV drama programme Robin of Sherwood in 1986. He took over the main role after Michael Praed's character was killed off at the end of the second series.
Early life [ edit ]
Connery was born and raised in London. He is the son of Scottish actor Sean Connery (1930-) and his first wife, the Australian actress Diane Cilento (1933–2011). He attended Millfield School, a co-educational independent school in the village of Street, in Somerset, England, and later the independent Gordonstoun School in Moray, Scotland. He was later accepted into the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Connery performed many roles in theatre and subsequently had parts in several B-films. His film début was in The Lords of Discipline (1983). He appeared in the Doctor Who serial Vengeance on Varos in 1985; he also portrayed Robin Hood in the final season of the television series Robin of Sherwood in 1986.
He later portrayed James Bond creator Ian Fleming in the 1990 television drama Spymaker: The Secret Life of Ian Fleming. In 1997, he appeared in a fantasy film (originally intended as a pilot episode for a longer series); playing the title role of Merlin in Merlin: The Quest Begins, directed by David Winning. He appeared in Faithful Dealing (2001) in London, an English Restoration Whodunit, produced by Dominic Madden. In 2003, he toured with a stage production of The Blue Room. In 2004, he was a main character in the children's show Shoebox Zoo and returned in the second series in September 2005.
Connery had starring roles in several horror films, including Lightspeed (2006), Night Skies (2007), and Brotherhood of Blood (2007).
In 2014, he took part in BBC One's Celebrity MasterChef.
Directing [ edit ]
In 2008, he made his directorial début with the film Pandemic[2][3][4] and in 2009 directed The Devil's Tomb. Connery directed the 2011 "After Dark Originals" film 51,[5] and The Philly Kid (2012) for the "After Dark Action" series.
In 2016 Connery directed Tommy's Honour, a film celebrating the lives of golf pioneers Old Tom Morris and Young Tom Morris.[6] The film opened the 2016 Edinburgh International Film Festival on 15 June 2016,[7][8][9] and won Best Feature Film at the 2016 British Academy Scotland Awards.[10][11]
Personal life [ edit ]
Connery met American actress Mia Sara during the making of Bullet to Beijing in Russia.[12] They married in 1996, and in June 1997 they had a son named Dashiell Quinn Connery.[citation needed] The couple divorced in 2002.[citation needed]
Filmography [ edit ]
Acting [ edit ]
Ecuadorean Fish Ceviche with Shrimps Also known as Mix Ceviche (Ceviche Mixto)
Ingredients:2lb of white fish fillets (corvina, halibut, sea bass, tilapia, sole), cut into small square pieces.2lb of shrimps.2 red onions diced very finely.3 Garlics4 tomatoes diced very finely.2 bell peppers, assorted colors, chopped very finely.~20 small to medium sized limes, separated into about 10 limes to cook the fish and 10 limes for the ceviche marinade.1 bunch of cilantro (also known as coriander) chopped as finely as possible.A few tablespoons of oil (sunflower, avocado, etc), adjust to taste.Salt to taste. Recipe:Place the raw fish pieces in a glass dish and cover it with salt and lime juice from about 10-12 limes, the fish should be completely covered by lime juice.Cover the dish with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator, let the fish marinate or cook itself in the lime juice for 3-4 hours.Cut the garlic in small cubes (the smaller the better), Cook the shrimps in water with the garlic,…
Warner Bros. Pictures is working with Minecraft developer Mojang on a movie based on the sandbox game, said Mojang co-founder Markus "Notch" Persson on Twitter today.
"Someone is trying to leak the fact that we're working with Warner Brothers on a potential Minecraft Movie," said Persson. "I wanted to be the leak!"
Shortly afterward, Persson confirmed the announcement in an email to Polygon.
"It's for real. I think every part of that tweet was real, including me wanting to be the one to spill the news about a potential movie," said Persson.
He added, parenthetically, "Also, I [am] very well aware that this might be Minecraft jumping the shark, but how often do you get to be part of making a movie?" Earlier this month, Mojang shut down the Kickstarter for a Minecraft fan film.
Deadline reports that Warner Bros. acquired the rights from Mojang, and that the studio is working on a live-action film with Roy Lee and Jill Messick as producers. Lee is well-acquainted with licensed films about block-based properties, having most recently produced The Lego Movie. Persson told Polygon that he did not want to comment on the contract for the Minecraft film rights or on personnel that Warner Bros. may be hiring.
A report from last November indicated that Warner Bros. was in the midst of negotiations to bring another wildly popular game, Imangi Studios' Temple Run, to the big screen.
Earlier this week, Persson announced on Twitter that the original Minecraft had reached 100 million registered users. Mojang has sold more than 14 million copies of Minecraft on computers, more than 10 million on Xbox 360, more than 1 million on PlayStation 3 and more than 10 million on mobile devices.
/R/GAME0FDOLLS AND MLAS1 EXPOSED a guest Apr 12th, 2013 1,146 Never a guest1,146Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 4.99 KB * Now talking on #gameofdolls on irc.snootnet.us * Topic is: huehuehue | http://redd.it/13c41j | misandry don't real * Topic set by Greenduch on <REDACTED> AgonistAgent k Esplin And then she says, that's not a horsecock, that's my mother! andysanic1 HA HA HA andysanic1 Latiel cannot into thread SweedishCommie Which thread? Esplin andy: I thought you were talking about me [](/ppsad) andysanic1 sorry, latiel is my current mancrush NickWasHere09 Why the hell do you guys get to circlejerk SRD with just flair and semebay bans me AgonistAgent cow: why do you think I made a new account - though scopies still ow me flar AgonistAgent esplin: you talkin about ur waifu or latiel AgonistAgent spody: Nice copypaste. spoderman_tim Nice copypaste. Esplin Nice copypaste. SweedishCommie Nice copypaste. Laurelai nice copypaste hun. AgonistAgent goddamit L u keep ruin the chian AgonistAgent u SRS spoderman_tim [le]terally SRS andysanic1 guys, what did I say about meta circlejerking on my network? AgonistAgent ur network, mah channel shitlorde. check yer opperator privilg AgonistAgent [](/twibeam) srsly though, lets talk about BronyHate. NickWasHere09 Don't you think you've pissed them off enough, Aggy? Esplin LOL [](/ajlol) andysanic1 > implying A_Cyclon_Raider LEL * AgonistAgent kicked NickWasHere09 ([](/implyra), doubting ur leader) AgonistAgent Now anyway... * spoderman_tim (<REDACTED>) has joined #redacted AgonistAgent Lets get back to the original topic. * AgonistAgent sets topic to http://redd.it/1c2xq7 | http://redd.it/1c2xq7 | http://redd.it/1c2xq7 AgonistAgent The moderation is still more hostile than OPSEG calls for. Laurelai care to refresh me on oppseg? reminds me of my Lulzsec days. AgonistAgent And unlike Lulzsec, this is actually legal and nopony will report us to the FBI [](/ppsmug) AttackTheMoon http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/1c2xq7/recap_bronyhate_episode_v_the_cringe_stikes_back/c9cm1i0 spoderman_tim check /r/circlebs modmail for details ofc. even my clipboard gets tired off nice copypastes AgonistAgent u lazy A_Cyclon_Raider I also need a reminder. AgonistAgent Then I guess you might say... AgonistAgent YOU ARE A PRETTY TERRIBLE RAIDER [](/lyrayeaahhhh) * AgonistAgent sets mode +s on #gameofdolls * AgonistAgent sets topic to “OPSEG. NO CIRCLEJERKING. SERIOUSLY.” AgonistAgent I have to start studying for my Psych exam soon. SweedishCommie Do what we do - 420 light the bundle. * AgonistAgent kicked SweedishCommie (I was serious, and I live in Amerikkka anyway, so no blazing. Come back when the poco loco wears off) andysanic1 now do you understand the shit I put up with AA? * AgonistAgent sets mode +m on #gameofdolls AgonistAgent alright. tl;dr: current bronyhate mods are too mild to blow up the subreddit and too strong to crack down like asrs AgonistAgent Hopefully we all remember ASRS. SweedishCommie (<REDACTED>) has joined #gameofdolls AgonistAgent ASRS fell because of it's own hurbis - the mods were stuck in a treacherous position, and all it took was a little push in either direction. AgonistAgent And now we have SRSS, unitedfront, MR, WorstOfSRS, TheRedPill, a scattering of subreddits AgonistAgent Much like the anti-brony community before the creation of BronyHate. AgonistAgent BronyHate actually has power. The mane subreddit afraid of their raiding, and with very good reason. AgonistAgent for this reason, I have created the drlogue account in hopes of gaining access to the moderation list and introducing sway AgonistAgent Silver_Star failed because he was too mild. DojiDoj failed because he was too strong. By imitating the average bronyhate mod in strength, while maintaining dedicated activity we can subvert the subreddit subtly. SilenceTonight had potential but unfortunately braveryjerkers really do tend to have ADHD (no offense moonie) AgonistAgent You folks feel free to create your own accounts, but just casually support /u/drlogue AgonistAgent In the meantime, we either use high activity or find something notable (like /u/SilenceTonight's actions) to gain modship. AgonistAgent Any questions and/or suggestions? * AgonistAgent sets mode -ms on #gameofdolls * AgonistAgent sets topic “Because of the nature of multiple sock puppets involved, you could even call this a GAME OF DOLLS” * Esplin facehoofs * spoderman_tim What le fok is going on with MLPLounge? Is that your shit AA? http://redd.it/1c5edc AgonistAgent fuk no, :DDDDD, plounge is actlly cancur NickWasHere09 And how do we deal with btwstopsrs/agonistagentwatch? You want me to call up n00bie and have him cook up another btwstopbraveryjerk? AgonistAgent I'll have to wait and see on that. On one hoof, if I amplify t he schisn betweem him and the mods, he could splinter off into another subreddit. On the other hoof, he's bait for the metasphere - don't wanna risk loosing braveryjer suppor AgonistAgent Any more questions? A_Cyclon_Raider Dost thou even hoist? Esplin Would you rather fight one horse sized cock or a hundred cock sized horses?
RAW Paste Data
* Now talking on #gameofdolls on irc.snootnet.us * Topic is: huehuehue | http://redd.it/13c41j | misandry don't real * Topic set by Greenduch on <REDACTED> AgonistAgent k Esplin And then she says, that's not a horsecock, that's my mother! andysanic1 HA HA HA andysanic1 Latiel cannot into thread SweedishCommie Which thread? Esplin andy: I thought you were talking about me [](/ppsad) andysanic1 sorry, latiel is my current mancrush NickWasHere09 Why the hell do you guys get to circlejerk SRD with just flair and semebay bans me AgonistAgent cow: why do you think I made a new account - though scopies still ow me flar AgonistAgent esplin: you talkin about ur waifu or latiel AgonistAgent spody: Nice copypaste. spoderman_tim Nice copypaste. Esplin Nice copypaste. SweedishCommie Nice copypaste. Laurelai nice copypaste hun. AgonistAgent goddamit L u keep ruin the chian AgonistAgent u SRS spoderman_tim [le]terally SRS andysanic1 guys, what did I say about meta circlejerking on my network? AgonistAgent ur network, mah channel shitlorde. check yer opperator privilg AgonistAgent [](/twibeam) srsly though, lets talk about BronyHate. NickWasHere09 Don't you think you've pissed them off enough, Aggy? Esplin LOL [](/ajlol) andysanic1 > implying A_Cyclon_Raider LEL * AgonistAgent kicked NickWasHere09 ([](/implyra), doubting ur leader) AgonistAgent Now anyway... * spoderman_tim (<REDACTED>) has joined #redacted AgonistAgent Lets get back to the original topic. * AgonistAgent sets topic to http://redd.it/1c2xq7 | http://redd.it/1c2xq7 | http://redd.it/1c2xq7 AgonistAgent The moderation is still more hostile than OPSEG calls for. Laurelai care to refresh me on oppseg? reminds me of my Lulzsec days. AgonistAgent And unlike Lulzsec, this is actually legal and nopony will report us to the FBI [](/ppsmug) AttackTheMoon http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/1c2xq7/recap_bronyhate_episode_v_the_cringe_stikes_back/c9cm1i0 spoderman_tim check /r/circlebs modmail for details ofc. even my clipboard gets tired off nice copypastes AgonistAgent u lazy A_Cyclon_Raider I also need a reminder. AgonistAgent Then I guess you might say... AgonistAgent YOU ARE A PRETTY TERRIBLE RAIDER [](/lyrayeaahhhh) * AgonistAgent sets mode +s on #gameofdolls * AgonistAgent sets topic to “OPSEG. NO CIRCLEJERKING. SERIOUSLY.” AgonistAgent I have to start studying for my Psych exam soon. SweedishCommie Do what we do - 420 light the bundle. * AgonistAgent kicked SweedishCommie (I was serious, and I live in Amerikkka anyway, so no blazing. Come back when the poco loco wears off) andysanic1 now do you understand the shit I put up with AA? * AgonistAgent sets mode +m on #gameofdolls AgonistAgent alright. tl;dr: current bronyhate mods are too mild to blow up the subreddit and too strong to crack down like asrs AgonistAgent Hopefully we all remember ASRS. SweedishCommie (<REDACTED>) has joined #gameofdolls AgonistAgent ASRS fell because of it's own hurbis - the mods were stuck in a treacherous position, and all it took was a little push in either direction. AgonistAgent And now we have SRSS, unitedfront, MR, WorstOfSRS, TheRedPill, a scattering of subreddits AgonistAgent Much like the anti-brony community before the creation of BronyHate. AgonistAgent BronyHate actually has power. The mane subreddit afraid of their raiding, and with very good reason. AgonistAgent for this reason, I have created the drlogue account in hopes of gaining access to the moderation list and introducing sway AgonistAgent Silver_Star failed because he was too mild. DojiDoj failed because he was too strong. By imitating the average bronyhate mod in strength, while maintaining dedicated activity we can subvert the subreddit subtly. SilenceTonight had potential but unfortunately braveryjerkers really do tend to have ADHD (no offense moonie) AgonistAgent You folks feel free to create your own accounts, but just casually support /u/drlogue AgonistAgent In the meantime, we either use high activity or find something notable (like /u/SilenceTonight's actions) to gain modship. AgonistAgent Any questions and/or suggestions? * AgonistAgent sets mode -ms on #gameofdolls * AgonistAgent sets topic “Because of the nature of multiple sock puppets involved, you could even call this a GAME OF DOLLS” * Esplin facehoofs * spoderman_tim What le fok is going on with MLPLounge? Is that your shit AA? http://redd.it/1c5edc AgonistAgent fuk no, :DDDDD, plounge is actlly cancur NickWasHere09 And how do we deal with btwstopsrs/agonistagentwatch? You want me to call up n00bie and have him cook up another btwstopbraveryjerk? AgonistAgent I'll have to wait and see on that. On one hoof, if I amplify t he schisn betweem him and the mods, he could splinter off into another subreddit. On the other hoof, he's bait for the metasphere - don't wanna risk loosing braveryjer suppor AgonistAgent Any more questions? A_Cyclon_Raider Dost thou even hoist? Esplin Would you rather fight one horse sized cock or a hundred cock sized horses?
David Dow/Getty Images
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver is focused on modernizing the way the league's games can be viewed by increasing availability on mobile devices and creating unique ways to tune in.
Chuck Schilken of the Los Angeles Times passed along comments Silver made Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas about the changing media landscape. The league's chief executive believes creating a niche market to watch the end of games will be key:
Certainly we're going from a place where it was one price for an entire season of games. Now just in the last two years, we've made single games available. But I think you're going to get to the point where somebody wants to watch the last five minutes of the game, and they go click, they'll pay a set price for five minutes as opposed to what they would pay for two hours of the game.
Paying a small fee to watch a close finish between the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors makes a lot of sense in terms of trying to market to the average mainstream sports fan. It's a more realistic option than buying the season-long NBA League Pass package or even the full game.
Oftentimes a great game is happening, and it creates a lot of buzz on social media. A perfect example was the battle between the United States and Canada in hockey for the gold medal in the World Junior Championships on Thursday night.
Finding a way to monetize those moments will be crucial in the sports world moving forward.
Silver envisions a situation in which the league will send out an alert when something noteworthy is happening, whether it be a close finish or a potentially historic performance, according to the LA Times:
I think you're going to hit the point where for example … you're on a Twitter feed or you get an alert. I think there will be a lot more sophisticated alerts, and you'll see, 'I know Sue Bird, I like Sue Bird, Sue Bird's going for a record-setting game.' And then you're going to go click, and then you're going to get the game.
There's little doubt that's the way of the future. Smartphones have shrunk the world, but they have also created exponentially more ways for people to spend their time. So reeling them in for the final few minutes of a game is easier than selling an entire contest, which lasts over two hours.
Silver has often been ahead of the curve with these type of issues. He's promoted ideas like making highlights readily available as a way to sell the sport, compared to the stance of leagues like the NFL and NHL, which are much more restrictive in that area.
One thing the NBA commissioner didn't provide was a timetable for when this new type of viewing will become available on a wide scale, though.
Reading Time: 2 minutes
The data is in and Connecticut as a whole is once again looking pretty safe! Not to mention, we're also ranking first on the Human Development Index (an average of education, life expectancy, and salaries in all fifty states) is another feather in its cap!
Based on the most recent FBI Crime Report, the state's overall crime rate is approximately 30% lower than the United States average. Even more impressive is that altogether, the fifty safest cities in Connecticut are 65% safer than the nation as a whole.
It is no surprise that crime rate and cost of homeowners insurance is strongly correlated. Four of the top 10 safest towns with the lowest crime rate have the least expensive average annual homeowners insurance. (Value Penguin).
But enough with these damn percentages, let's get to the list!
1. Weston ↑
Previous rank: 3
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.00
Property Crimes per 1,000: 2.30
2. Easton ↑
Previous rank: 4
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.00
Property Crimes per 1,000: 3.13
3. Madison↑
Previous rank: 10
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.00
Property Crimes per 1,000: 3.18
4. Wilton ↓
Previous rank: 2
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.05
Property Crimes per 1,000: 3.98
5. Ridgefield ↓
Previous rank: 1
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.08
Property Crimes per 1,000: 4.14
6. Canton ↑
Previous rank: 13
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.10
Property Crimes per 1,000: 4.73
7. Simsbury ↑
Previous rank: 11
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.12
Property Crimes per 1,000: 5.44
8. Newtown ↑
Previous rank: 9
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.42
Property Crimes per 1,000: 5.30
9. Monroe ↑
Previous rank: 17
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.15
Property Crimes per 1,000: 5.66
10. Suffield ↓
Previous rank: 6
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.06
Property Crimes per 1,000: 6.00
11. Greenwich ↑
Previous rank: 15
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.17
Property Crimes per 1,000: 6.40
12. Plainfield ↑
Previous rank: 14
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 1.19
Property Crimes per 1,000: 5.57
13. Cheshire ↑
Previous rank: 20
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.31
Property Crimes per 1,000: 6.46
14. Redding ↓
Previous rank: 5
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.00
Property Crimes per 1,000: 6.85
15. East Hampton ↓
Previous rank: 7
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.31
Property Crimes per 1,000: 6.77
16. New Canaan ↓
Previous rank: 8
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.10
Property Crimes per 1,000: 7.04
17. Granby ↑
Previous rank: 18
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.18
Property Crimes per 1,000: 7.07
18. Coventry ↑
Previous rank: 28
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.18
Property Crimes per 1,000: 7.07
19. Thomaston ↑
Previous rank: 27
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.52
Property Crimes per 1,000: 7.07
20. Portland ↓
Previous rank: 12
Violent Crimes per 1,000: 0.32
Property Crimes per 1,000: 7.64
(SafeWise, 2017)
Pamela S. Kichman was visiting a friend on Poplar Road on Sept. 3 when she got mad at her child for crying and took her outside, police said. A friend of Kichman's told police Kichman was laughing and admitted she just threw her child down the stairs after the friend went outside to check on her, police said.
Kichman also threw the child on the porch, striking her head, police said. Kichman's friend saw the child twitching as if she was having a seizure.
The child's grandmother took her to the hospital where she was treated and released. Kichman was arrested Friday and charged with endangering the welfare of a child and simple assault.
A 19-year-old mother from Enola was mad at her 16-month-old daughter for crying when she threw the toddler down the stairs, punching her in the face and shaking her violently, according to Fairview Township police.
CLEMSON — Clemson University officials have suspended all social and new-member initiation activities of 24 fraternities in the wake of several recent reports of violations of the law or student conduct code.
“It is especially prudent to suspend fraternity activities given the tragic death of Tucker Hipps. There has been a high number of reports of serious incidents involving fraternity activities, ranging from alcohol-related medical emergencies to sexual misconduct,” said Student Affairs Vice President Gail DiSabatino. “These behaviors are unacceptable and mandate swift and effective action to protect students. There is no higher priority than the safety and welfare of our students.”
Matters of a criminal nature have been turned over to appropriate law enforcement agencies, while violations of the student code of conduct are being investigated by the university's Office of Community and Ethical Standards.
Earlier this week, the Interfraternity Council voted to suspend activities, and DiSabatino said student leaders would be engaged in developing strategies to address the issues.
END
CB Richard Marshall has agreed to terms with the Chargers on a one-year deal, per league source. — ProFootballTalk (@ProFootballTalk) August 23, 2013
Hey, something actually happened with that! Richard Marshall will now join Johnny Patrick and a bunch of other guys to fight for the nickel cornerback spot in the defense, which will be a valuable position because of the past frailty of Shareece Wright and Derek Cox.
I like this move. It's not going to change the team drastically in any way, but it's solid depth added to a position that was lacking in solid depth. Also, after playing under Secondary Coach Ron Milus in Carolina, Marshall should be very familiar with what Milus is trying to do in San Diego with the Chargers.
In seven seasons in the NFL, Marshall has playing in 100 games, starting in 59 of them. He's collected 18 interceptions, 7 sacks, forced 3 fumbles and scored 2 touchdowns. He's also racked up 423 tackles. Those are exactly the type of numbers you want in a guy that's playing nickel corner.
More from Bolts From The Blue:
Twenty-five years ago, the U.S. adopted a momentous civil liberties law, the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The purpose of the law was four-fold:
to provide a clear and comprehensive national mandate for the elimination of discrimination against individuals with disabilities;
to provide clear, strong, consistent, enforceable standards addressing discrimination against individuals with disabilities;
to ensure that the federal government plays a central role in enforcing the standards; and
to regulate commerce, in order to address the major areas of discrimination faced day-to-day by people with disabilities.
In short, the ADA gave people legal rights to be full participants in everyday life, and it has had a revolutionary effect.
Story continues below advertisement
The most visible impact is the tearing down of physical barriers: Schools, stores, sports stadiums, government buildings, public transit that are accessible to people with mobility-impairments are now the norm.
The law has been used by thousands with psychiatric, development and physical disabilities to leave institutional care in hospitals, nursing homes and other facilities and receive care in the community.
Discrimination against those with disabilities is no longer tolerated in the workplace, and employment rates have improved, though the jobless rate among people with disabilities remains stubbornly high with about two-thirds out of work (compared to about one-quarter of those without disabilities.)
This is a reminder that anti-discrimination laws, while important, are not enough; a supportive social safety net is also required to ensure inclusion and full citizenship.
But back to the law: As the U.S. celebrates the ADA, it's worth reflecting how Canada compares.
In this country, there is no comprehensive legislation protecting the rights of people with disabilities. What we have instead is a mish-mash of vague principles and tame enforcement bodies.
The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms guarantees persons with disabilities the right to "equal protection and equal benefit of the law without discrimination based on … mental or physical disability." The Canadian Human Rights Act also prohibits discrimination, as do provincial human rights codes.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The fundamental difference in approaches is that, in the United States, the ADA was proactive – it forced governments and private businesses to tear down barriers or face punishing sanctions, and it gave people with disabilities legal tools to demand change.
In Canada, we continue to treat inclusion of people with disabilities as a privilege rather than a right.
That needs to change.
It's well past time for a Canadians with Disabilities Act.
The non-partisan group Barrier-Free Canada is calling on all the federal parties to make a commitment to this approach. And despite some high-profile support, such as that of disability activist Rick Hansen, the campaign has not received attention in the mainstream political discourse.
What better time is there for our political leaders to take a stand for a barrier-free and inclusive Canada than during a federal election campaign?
Story continues below advertisement
There are roughly four million Canadians now living with a physical, psychiatric or developmental disability. That number is expected to rise to about nine million by 2030. (Let's not forget that aging – not injury or genetics – is the principal cause of disability.)
The barriers people with disabilities face are many: physical, legal, bureaucratic, communication, technological and, above all, attitudinal.
We don't have an inclusive society because of deep-rooted fears about those who are "different." We also tend to have erroneous beliefs that accommodation is expensive when, in fact, the biggest economic and social cost comes from excluding people from participating in society to the full scope of their abilities.
Change has happened in Canada but it has been painfully slow.
The purpose of a Canadians with Disabilities Act would be essentially the same ones as laid out in the ADA a quarter century ago – to speed up the march toward equality and inclusion.
What Barrier-Free Canada is calling for, in a nicely articulated statement of principles, is legislation that moves beyond the rhetoric of breaking down barriers to creating a structure in which plans to do so will actually be devised and implemented, and the rules enforced.
Story continues below advertisement
Aspirations, values and bons mots – like those in our cherished Charter of Rights and Freedoms – are not enough. There needs to be concrete action to give values life.
As Barrier-Free Canada states: "The Canadians with Disabilities Act must be more than mere window-dressing. It should contribute meaningfully to the improvement of the position of persons with disabilities in Canada. It must have real force, effect and teeth."
The levels of Emacs proficiency
0. Awareness
You know about the existence of Emacs. You know that “C-x C-c” will get out of it. You also know that “C-h t” will go to the built-in tutorial, and you slowly and clumsily start making your way through it.
1. Basic usage
You can use Emacs for basic text editing. You are beginning to get comfortable moving around files, searching, and you know how to open multiple buffers, navigate among them, and split frames. You are now at the level where you can use Emacs as a substitute for a basic text editor like Notepad/Textedit/whatever.
2. Basic customization
You are now beginning to use Emacs on a regular basis, and begin to feel the need for minor tweaking. You learn how to customize Emacs by adding some text to a file called .emacs in your home directory. You don't yet know or understand Emacs Lisp, but googling around has taught you that “(global-font-lock-mode t)” will turn on the pretty syntax highlighting everywhere automatically.
3. Advanced usage
Reading the built-in documentation, as well as websites and blog posts, you begin to incorporate some of the more advanced features of Emacs into your day-to-day editing. This includes things like using regular expressions, registers, dired, tramp, and the intricacies of various modes for the programming languages you edit regularly.
But the big aha moment comes when you use keyboard macros to refactor the usage of a function in 40 different files in 30 seconds. You marvel at how easy it was, and how you ever got by without it. Dreadful memories of similar refactorings carried out manually, one file at a time, one usage at a time, reinforce your determination to never go back.
4. Shell inside Emacs
At first this sounds like just another “advanced usage” topic, but this is the first quantum leap on the Emacs learning curve which illustrates how Emacs can subsume activities that were typically carried out outside it. Hence, it deserves special treatment.
Up until now, you probably had one large Emacs window plus many other shell windows spread out on your screen. Also, if you are a typical developer, you often had to cut-and-paste text between those windows. And that was a major road bump, because you had to use the mouse to select text in an xterm. Often, the text you really wanted had scrolled off the window.
And then, you learned about it: M-x “shell”.
It was all just text. Why did you need another application for it? Why should only the shell prompt be editable? Why can't I move my cursor up a few lines to where the last command spewed out its results? All these problems simply disappear when your shell (or shells) simply becomes another Emacs buffer, upon which all of the text manipulation power of Emacs can be brought to bear.
Another reason this level is special is that now begins to pain you to watch other people flicking between their shell windows and editor windows, wasting time mousing around, wasting time eyeballing command output because it is not searchable. “There is a better way! Why are they still doing this?” you wonder to yourself. This feeling only gets worse as you continue climbing up the Emacs curve.
5. Advanced customization
You begin to pick up Emacs Lisp. Your .emacs starts to accumulate small functions that you have written to solve your own little problems. You realize that the rich libraries for text manipulation that Emacs comes with are like an intricate domain-specific language for fine text surgery, built up over decades. Now whenever there is some friction, you put some thought into how it can be smoothed out with some customization, or Emacs Lisp automation.
6. Emacs-ifying everything
You long to move into Emacs every application that has anything to do with the entry and manipulation of text. For most programmers, this is pretty much everything. E-mail is the first obvious target. But you can even move a good fraction of your web surfing (sites where you just plain read, that are not JavaScript heavy) into Emacs as well. You can even turn Emacs into a full-fledged twitter client.
The transformation is visually apparent on your screen. At the earlier levels, you probably had one Emacs window, and then a few shell and browser windows. By now, you have one maximized Emacs window, probably split among some shell and text buffers, and the browser window behind it, which you occasionally Alt-Tab into.
Lawyers believe papers for a Swiss appeal would have to be lodged by February 10, but the appeal itself would almost certainly not be heard until after the home-and-away season. An injunction, though, would likely be lodged after February 10 but before the AFL season begins on Thursday, March 24. Lawyers for the AFL Players Association, representing 32 players, continue to weigh up their options, including appealing through the NSW Supreme Court, as the CAS hearing had been held in Sydney. The three grounds for a potential appeal by Gordon focus on a rule change midway through the players' AFL anti-doping tribunal hearing last year. Gordon said the players had initially fallen under the 2010 AFL anti-doping code, which stipulated that rulings could only be appealed if the decision involved legal error or gross unreasonableness. But he said the upgraded AFL anti-doping code unveiled in January last year - when the case before the AFL anti-doping tribunal was underway - allowed CAS to pursue the entire case again.
"A couple of months after the AFL trial started the rules changed, it changed it to give ASADA and WADA a 'double jeopardy' go," Gordon said on ABC radio. "You can't change the rules mid-course, as a cynic might see it, because you know you're going to lose. "WADA compliance in the present environment means no right to hear about the dissent, it means double jeopardy prosecutions, it means adjudication by a panel in which two thirds of the panel either get picked by WADA or CAS, it means denial of basic democratic rights of access to our own Australian highest courts." Lawyers are also considering arguing CAS had failed to respond to each argument the players had given in explaining their actions during the Bombers' discredited 2012 injecting program. The third argument involves the length of the penalty, with lawyers considering arguing that it was unreasonable.
Gordon told Fairfax Media: "This is not a decision for Peter Gordon, it is not a decision for lawyers, it is not a decision for Essendon or even the AFL. This is a decision for the 34 blokes who have been so unfairly and so dramatically damaged by this decision." Player agents contacted on Friday said they supported any move that would aid the banned players. An AFL spokesman said: "An appeal is a decision for the players. They have an appeal option that is available to them and it would be their right to make whatever decision they feel is in their best interests." Gordon pointed out that of the six judges who had adjudicated on the case, four had ruled against banning the players. The CAS decision was 2-1 in favour of a suspension for taking the banned drug, thymosin beta-4. "History will show these young men have been subject to one of the gravest injustices in Australian sporting history," Gordon said.
However, if there is an injunction, and appeal, it would have the potential to add more chaos to the season, as the Bombers are well into recruiting 10 top-up players. These players were expected to play the entire 2016 season but that could change, impacting the Bombers and the top-up players and their lower-league clubs should they have to head back to the likes of the WAFL and VFL earlier than expected. Another question would be whether the suspended players would be fit enough or mentally in the right state to return to senior football, as it's likely they would have missed the entire post-Christmas training period. AFLPA lawyers have already been in talks with Essendon about a compensation claim, with several players already engaging independent lawyers through their managers. The architect of the Bombers' 2012 supplements program, Stephen Dank, could also face separate action.
Former Derry City F.C. defender, Shane McEleney, has signed for Canadian team, Ottawa Fury.
Ottawa Fury are managed by Paul Dalglish whose father is Liverpool legend, Kenny Dalglish.
Former Liverpool goalkeeper, Bruce Grobbelaar, is also a coach with the Canadian outfit.
McEleney, 25, said signing for the club left him “overwhelmed” and added that he was excited about the new season.
“I'm overwhelmed to be signing with Ottawa Fury FC, I can't wait to get started,” McEleney told the club's official website.
“I needed a change in my career and when I spoke to Paul [Dalglish] about his plans for the club's USL debut season in 2017 it got my attention from the get-go..
McEleney added: “His enthusiasm for the coming season was just what I wanted to hear.
“I'm excited to say the least and looking forward to meeting the players, staff and fans come February. Let's hope the 2017 season is a memorable one.”
McEleney played for Derry City F.C. when they won both the League of Ireland First Division title (2010) and the F.A.I. Cup (2012).
The tall central defender left Derry City F.C. for rivals St. Patrick's Athletic in 2015.
Ottawa Fury play in the United Soccer League (U.S.L.).
Brenda asks: Did one of the Bond girls really used to be a man?
That depends on how you define “man” and “Bond girl”. If you define “man” as a person who was born with a penis and “Bond girl” as any eye candy female that appeared in a Bond movie at any point, then yes- one of the Bond girls, or at least one of the women shown in a Bond movie (not a main character by any stretch), was born a man. If you define “man” as someone born with an XY chromosome pattern, rather than XX, like a typical woman, then no.
You see, the woman in question, actress and model Caroline Cossey, born Barry Kenneth Cossey, was born with something known as Klinefelter Syndrome, which means she has an XXY chromosome pattern with 47 chromosomes, instead of 46. This is a condition that occurs in about 1 in every 500-1000 male births (and significantly more rarely occurs in females). This makes it one of the most common chromosome abnormalities known to man.
Some of the common side effects of this are low testosterone levels compared to most males, wider hips, less muscle mass, possible breasts (in about 1/3 of the cases), generally infertile, and significantly less body and facial hair, among other things.
Now, traditionally those with Klinefelter Syndrome have been called “XXY males”, to distinguish them from “normal” XY males. However, in the International Journal of Andrology published in 2011,various researchers from several Australian medical institutes proposed in a paper, Thinking Outside the Square: Considering Gender in Klinefelter Syndrome, that some XXY “males” should actually be called XXY “females” and others simply intersex.
The specific point of the paper was that perhaps Klinefelter Syndrome should be detached from “XXY”. Most with this condition are clearly male and identify as such, but a small percentage seem to be female, and thus typical treatment for Klinefelter Syndrome, including being given testosterone starting during puberty, may be damaging psychologically as it would make the person's body more male-like, when in fact they were female. As these treatments preferably start at a very young age, the child may not be in a position to assert this one way or the other. (In another study, there was even a case where the researchers came across a rare XXY female (born with a vagina), who since childhood had always thought of herself as a male and demonstrated stereotypical male-like tendencies from the beginning.)
While Cossey was indeed born with a penis, throughout her youth she was extremely feminine in personality, looks, and personal preference tendencies, which often resulted in her getting bullied at school. She was also frequently mistaken for a girl by those who didn't know her. (You can see in the picture to the right just how feminine she looked as a teen.) From this, if you buy into the medical researchers' argument proposed in their paper, we'd perhaps say that Cossey was one of those XXY'ers who, while born with a penis, was actually an XXY female.
In her late teens, after dropping out of school and working a few odd jobs, she became friends with a transsexual and at that point, at the age of 17, started hormone therapy. She also started working as a showgirl and later, after breast surgery, as a topless dancer. Once she'd saved up enough to be able to pay for sex reassignment surgery, she had that done too with her final surgery in 1974.
She started modeling before her reassignment surgery and continued under the name “Tula” after with a lot of success, appearing in numerous magazines, including some adult magazines where she'd pose topless. She later even appeared in a 1981 edition of Playboy. She also would have started a role as a model in a game show in 1978, but she quit the show when a journalist discovered she was born with a penis and was going to break the story.
Unfortunately, her career was severely stunted from this as she had to try to keep a low profile to keep her secret from being published. This all ended in 1981 when she appeared in the Bond, For Your Eyes Only, film and the story broke, for a time being front page news. The aftermath of this was initially devastating to Cossey who was sure her career as a model was over, but eventually she moved on and continued modeling, as well as writing two autobiographies, the second of which, My Story was written in 1992. She's today married to Canadian David Finch; the two recently celebrated their 20th anniversary.
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show (iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as:
Expand for References
A demonstrator holds the U.S. flag during the "Freedom of Speech Rally Round II" across from the Islamic Community Center in Phoenix, Arizona May 29, 2015. REUTERS/Nancy Wiechec Just weeks after a contest that encouraged participants to draw caricatures of the prophet Muhammad ended in deadly gunfire in Texas, another such event was happening in Phoenix.
Marine veteran Jon Ritzheimer has organized what's being called a "freedom of speech" rally, which was being held in front of a mosque Friday night.
Ritzheimer stated his purpose loud and clear before saying a word during an interview with AZCentral.com.
As he sat in front of a camera, Ritzheimer wore a t-shirt that read "F*** Islam." Still, Ritzheimer — who says he's a patriot and an atheist — claimed, "I don't condone any threats against the mosque.
A Facebook post for the event, encouraged participants to "utilize their Second Amendment rights" while at the gathering.
Jon Ritzheimer organized the "Freedom of Speech Round II" rally held outside a mosque in Phoenix. AZCentral.com
It was billed as both a protest of the shootings that happened at a Muhammad drawing contest in Texas earlier this month and also a means to, as Ritzheimer put it, "push out the truth about Islam."
Naturally, there were some strong opinions for, and against the issue being voiced on social media. Among them, the hashtag, #NotMyAmerica generated many thousands of takes:
The event prompted extra police patrols in Phoenix, and members of the targeted mosque had reportedly been asked to skip prayer services Friday night. For its part, the city's Human Relations Commission issued this statement:
"When freedom of speech is used to vilify entire groups of people because of who they are or what they believe, the Human Relations Commission must speak. It may be legally permissible to protest the Islamic community in Phoenix, but it is hateful and ill-conceived conduct that hurts our entire community and creates the misimpression that Phoenix is intolerant and unwelcoming."
No doubt, your android phone is quite capable when it comes to simplifying the tasks, but can you imagine android OS helping you jailbreak a PS3. Till now, only PSP feared android — the latter seems a bit too eager to grab a pie of PSP dominated portable games market with its dual core processor phones in 2011 — but now, the mighty and the ultimate gaming machine PS3 will also realize android's potential, at least in hacking if not gaming. Why? Because an app has been developed to run on android which if followed with proper instructions, will let the user break down the great PS3 wall. Wow!
Whether or not you wanna jailbreak a PS3 of yours or friend's (for trial, we suppose!) we expect you to be interested enough to know more about the hack, which is explained in details at the XDA Forums here.
We know many users can't even get through the root process and this hack seems totally like seven levels up from that, but that shouldn't keep you away from a mere glance on it!
What's next, now? XBox? Um, let's leave that up to Windows Phone 7, guys!
Hillary Clinton is often accused of “shouting” when she speaks, or any one of a number of variations that essentially come down to gendered criticism of her voice. Me? I like her voice. And if she shouts, all the better, because what she has to say is worth shouting.
Here are merely a few of the ridiculous and hyperbolic words I've heard used to describe Hillary's voice: Shrill. Shouty. Strident. Grating. Shrewish. Piercing. Loud. Mean. Ear-shattering. Nagging. Buzzsaw.
I've been writing about men—usually men, though not always—criticizing Hillary's voice for more than eight years now, starting the last time she ran for president and had the unmitigated temerity to believe that she could speak in whatever tone she damn well pleases.
Policing a woman's tone and volume is one of the most basic forms of sexism. It isn't even necessarily the result of conscious sexism: Reacting badly to a female voice is frequently rooted in the discordance of expectations created by exclusion. That is, when virtually all we've ever heard is male voices in any arena, a female voice in that space is inevitably described as shrill, simply by virtue of its juxtaposition against male voices, normalized by their ubiquity.
According to a study out of Princeton, men speak 75 percent more than women in group meetings, but women are perceived as “hogging” the floor and speaking more than men.
I guarantee you, in a culture where women's voices were just as prominent as men's, at every level, Hillary's voice would not be remarkable.
But in our actual culture, in which prominent female voices are much rarer than men's, female voices often feel unfamiliar and strange. And humans have the tendency to react badly to that which is unfamiliar and strange.
It's important to be aware of that dynamic. And it's both wise and decent to investigate whether one's own reaction may be related to it, instead of reflexively pronouncing rare female voices “bad” in some way.
But we also live in a culture in which wisdom and decency are pretty rare, too.
So there has been—and will almost certainly continue to be, much to my chagrin—an abundance of careless commentary about how uniquely bad Hillary's voice is.
There is far less visible commentary from people who like her voice. (Just like every other aspect of Hillary that her supporters find likable.) Personally, I like her voice just fine.
Even if I didn't, I'd be far less concerned about the sound of her voice than I am with what she uses it to say.
You know, maybe I just like Hillary's voice because it was the first one I ever heard say “women's rights are human rights.” — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) May 30, 2016
And maybe I don't mind if a person saying “women's rights are human rights” is “shouting” those words. They need to be shouted. — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) May 30, 2016
I have heard her say in her speeches over and over: “We have to defend all our rights! Workers' rights and women's rights, civil rights and voting rights, LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities!” Those are words, in my estimation, that are worth shouting.
She has successfully normalized speaking about the rights of workers, women, people of color, LGBT folks, and disabled people in every speech, permanently raising the bar on what we can expect of Democratic presidential candidates. If you hear those words, but can't get past the voice in which they're delivered to focus on how lovely and amazing they are, the problem isn't Hillary Clinton.
It's funny how often women's “shouting” problems are really other people's listening problems.
“Hillary Clinton shouts,” some people say, intending it as a criticism.
“Hillary Clinton shouts!” I say, possibly being a little shouty myself, ahem, because I am grateful for her words and for the passion with which she delivers them.
Because I am grateful for her voice.
(Photo: Hillary for America)
The sun started this week off with a bang, generating a mid-level solar flare that peaked on January 12. Captured here by NASA's sun-watching satellite the Solar Dynamics Observatory, the event was the first significant flare of the year—but it certainly won't be the last.
Solar flares are bursts of powerful radiation that happen when pent up magnetic energy in the sun's atmosphere is suddenly released. While the number and strength of solar flares in a year varies based on the sun's 11-year activity cycle, even a quiet sun usually produces several flares annually. Earth's atmosphere mostly protects us from the onslaught of radiation, although strong flares can disrupt GPS and communications signals. Flares can also send clouds of solar particles racing into space, and if they hit Earth, the particles can spark brilliant aurora displays.
From the commentary in the mainstream media, I thought there had been a coup d'etat in Washington.
The New York Times said what happened "strikes at the heart of democracy."
The Washington Post quoted an authority who warned it "threatens to undermine the integrity of elected institutions across the nation."
No, not the Scott Brown victory. The media were upset because the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that forbidding corporations and labor unions to spend money on political speech before elections is unconstitutional. A horrendous section of the abomination known as McCain-Feingold campaign-finance "reform" had bitten the dust. It was long overdue.
The case grew out of a documentary critical of Hillary Clinton that Citizens United, a nonprofit corporation, planned to show on cable television during the 2008 presidential primary season. The law said that was illegal.
The 5-4 majority consisted of the four conservative justices and the swing justice, Anthony Kennedy, who wrote the main opinion. He couldn't have been more clear: "When Government seeks to use its full power, including the criminal law, to command where a person may get his or her information or what distrusted source he or she may not hear, it uses censorship to control thought. This is unlawful. ... The First Amendment confirms the freedom to think for ourselves."
He also said, "Because speech is an essential mechanism of democracy—it is the means to hold officials accountable to the people—political speech must prevail against laws that would suppress it."
And, "We find no basis for the proposition that, in the context of political speech, the Government may impose restrictions on certain disfavored speakers."
Of course, the "progressive media" condemned the majority for its judicial activism because the ruling overturned two precedents. I thought progressives favored judicial activism and dumping bad precedents. I also thought they favored free speech. Wrong. (To its credit, the ACLU was on Citizen United's side.)
It depends on whose ox is gored.
In condemning the decision, the offended progressives engaged in amazing mental contortions. It "was wrong because nothing in the First Amendment dictates that corporations must be treated identically to people," the Post editorialist wrote.
I guess the writer is unfamiliar with the obscure opening phrase of the First Amendment: "Congress shall make no law." And apparently the outraged progressives don't realize that corporations and unions are associations of individual who have rights. Dissenting Justice John Paul Stevens didn't get it, either.
The media outrage is almost funny. Under McCain-Feingold, media corporations were exempt from the prohibition—which suits the Washington Post and New York Times just fine. But people with common sense already knew what Justice Kennedy found it necessary to say: "This differential treatment (between media and nonmedia corporations) cannot be squared with the First Amendment."
So now we are being served dire warnings that "corporate money ... may now overwhelm both the contributions of individuals and the faith they may harbor in their democracy." (Are similarly freed wealthy labor unions potted plants?) But the same Post editorial conceded that corporate money was "never lacking in the American political process." So what's the difference?
Besides, as John Samples and Ilya Shapiro of the Cato Institute write: "Before McCain-Feingold, both (corporations and unions) could spend freely on advertising about candidates for federal office. Such spending made up a relatively small part of election-related speech, and no one group dominated ... the political arena."
One need not be a fan of big corporations—which in today's interventionist economy benefit from many government privileges—to see that restrictions on anyone's speech are dangerous. A government lawyer last year said that even corporate-funded books favoring or opposing candidates could be prohibited under McCain-Feingold. That should scare progressives—especially since the Federal Election Commission once had an anti-Bush book written by George Soros under scrutiny.
It is shameful that progressives are willing to throw free speech under the bus in their devotion to big government.
There is a simple way to get corporate money out of politics: get the government out of our lives and economic affairs. If government has no favors to sell, no one will spend money trying to win them.
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network. He's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth, Lies, and Downright Stupidity. To find out more about John Stossel, visit his site at johnstossel.com.
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS, INC.
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Creativity Inc. – Using Deming's Ideas at Pixar
March 9, 2015
Ed Catmull co-founded Pixar with Steve Jobs and John Lasseter. In Ed's book, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration, he discusses how important Deming's ideas were to his efforts to help make Pixar what it is today.
As we struggled to get Pixar off the ground, Deming's work was like a beacon that lit my way.
…
it wasn't until the 1980s when a few companies in Silicon Valley, such as Hewlett Packard and Apple, began to incorporate them. But Deming's work would make a huge impression on me and help frame my approach to managing Pixar going forward.
One of the challenges in learning how to be a manager is you see similar statements from managers that create systems that are very different in fundamental ways from what they say. So you see quotes like Ed's in his books and figure that is similar to what most executives writing books says.
John and I had very conscientiously tried to make sure that everyone at Pixar had a voice, that every job and every employee was treated with respect.
Treating employees with respect and creating systems that allow people to be engaged and contribute is critically important. Pixar has done that. What is important is creating management systems that support the such statements. Making the statement matters very little; I see such statement much more often than I see evidence of management systems that are based on such beliefs.
How each company adopt the management concepts W. Edwards Deming proposed will be different. That helps make Deming's management ideas powerful but it also disappoints some in that there is no simple management recipe to follow. We learn from reading what others have tried. And we learn from what worked. But we can't just copy; we need to understand what the principles (the theory) behind what they did and understand how to apply those principles in our organization.
At Pixar, we'd devised a way to give our employees money and gratitude. When a movie makes enough money to trigger bonuses, John and I join with the directors and producers and personally distribute checks to every person who worked on the film. This jibes with our belief that each film belongs to everyone at the studio
This is an example of a good way to share good results within the Deming context. Deming spoke out against traditional bonuses to individuals or individual business units. And there is debate in the Deming community still over whether bonus is ever sensible. I side with those that agree company wide profit sharing is compatible and not just acceptable but a good idea. But the area is a bit tricky and it is easy to make decisions that it could be argued will harm viewing the organization as a system.
You've heard the saying “Your employees are your most important asset.” For most executives, these are just words you trot out to make people feel good— while they may be accepted as true, few leaders alter their behavior or make decisions based upon them. But Steve did, taking that principle and building our headquarters around it. Everything about the place was designed to encourage people to mingle, meet, and communicate, to support our filmmaking by enhancing our ability to work together.
I enjoy learning as I write blog posts: I learn more about my thoughts as I delve into them in order to explain them (this is the same idea behind the thought that teachers often learn more than students as they struggle to organize their thoughts to explain them).
One of the things I find frustrating about business writing is while there are often fairly good ideas presented (in the fairly selective reading I do) those ideas are largely pointless without a view of the organization as a system. And it is rare that there is a consistent management system promoting the ideas the writing claims to promote.
I am not sure if the authors and executives believe the ideas, but I rarely see evidence that the management systems support making those ideas integral to the organization. Again the words from the quote are good, but it is only in looking at Pixar and how that is made to work that I get a feel for whether they really believed that or are just using explanations that sound good.
To me it seems like Pixar really has done a great deal to focus on what is important in order to create delight in their customers. And the explanations in Ed's book seem to provide a sensible view on what Pixar was trying to do to create an organization that created exceptional movies.
Unleashing creativity requires that we loosen the controls, accept risk, trust our colleagues, work to clear the path for them, and pay attention to anything that creates fear. Doing all these things won't necessarily make the job of managing a creative culture easier. But ease isn't the goal; excellence is.
I agree strongly with the second two sentences. I agree with much of the first sentence but I think people are too fast to believe risk is just necessary for creativity. It is true that we need to try new things and do more experiments. I do believe there is more use in using process thinking and concepts such as piloting ideas on small scale and mistake proofing to greatly reduce risk while actually improving creativity.
The book does a great job of looking at a very successful company and provides ideas managers can learn from about creating an engaged and creative workforce.
Related: One-Piece-Flow Projects Create the Best Conditions for True Creativity – Pixar Movie Management Magic – podcasts and video with Ed Catmul (from Stanford's Entrepreneurship Corner)
Categorised as: customer focus, management systems, respect for people, systems thinking
Authored By Sean Phipps
No, it's not creepy to just sit and watch people. We all do it all of the time, whether or not we want to admit it. I'm admitting it. I love people watching in Chattanooga. You guys are just so interesting with your dogs, babies and lovers. I really enjoy trying to figure out the social dynamics of your group of friends while you unknowingly walk past. Is that your grandfather, or are you into older men, sir? Why would a girl that small has a dog that large? Why is one of your kids much older than the rest of your kids? Why is one of them Asian? Do you think those pants are appropriate for someone your size? If you spend any time at all in these locations, I have no doubt you'll find the answers. Here are Chattanooga's best people watching perches. Don't blow my cover.
Ice Cream Show
More than “17,000 flavors” and a cafe-style outdoor porch at one of Chattanooga's busiest pedestrian intersections-this is the perfect place to observe both tourists and locals go about their days. I like to purchase an enormous ice cream cone and watch as the collective masses walk across the Walnut Street Bridge and into the Art District. If the weather is nice, you'll see everything from engagement photos being taken to men riding unicycles. Usually, somebody will try to entice a few dollars from passersby while strumming a broken guitar. The dogs are everywhere and say possibly more about their owners than the owners would like. The best part about this spot is the view of all of the awkward teenage behavior that we remember from our own childhoods.
Pickle Barrel porch
For a completely opposite experience than the Ice Cream Show, venture on up to the porch at the Pickle Barrel on Market Street. Although the behavior and streams of people are fairly predictable near the bridge, you literally can't imagine what you'll witness near the Pickle Barrel in just the span of an hour. The Pickle Barrel is located right next to Patten Towers, which is essentially a large Section 8 housing complex. Sadly, most of the residents (and I don't think I'm overgeneralizing too much here) suffer from some sort of mental illness. This means that you have a bird's eye view of some incredibly strange behavior and possibly a screaming argument, all while you eat a plate of fried pickles. I've seen people talking to themselves, fighting with broken beer bottles and a man playing dominoes with what I can only assume was an imaginary friend. Grab a beer on a hot summer night, and pull up a chair to Crazyville.
Stone Cup balcony
This is where people go to study and pretend to study, but really to mingle with the hip North Shore crowd. In just an hour at the Stone Cup, you can witness college kids studying, Bible studies in progress, and a whole slew of people who don't have jobs and just need a place to hang out. What is it about coffee shops that make you think it's OK to have loud cellphone conversations? I can hear every word. Every word. It's amazing to me that people can actually read or study in that type of environment. I need complete silence, and my only light source can be a flickering exposed bulb on the end of a long wire. Anyway, the Stone Cup offers excellent people watching opportunities and has terrible public restrooms.
Upstairs at Greenlife Grocery
I always feel better about myself if I eat at Greenlife Grocery (Whole Foods, whatever), with all that yummy nutrition sinking down in my belly. But good eats aside, I like to eat at Greenlife as much for the people as I do the food. The people who is a grocery shop here are incredibly funny sometimes. Like the girl who shopped for soap for my entire lunch hour, calmly smelling every bar and then making her selection of a completely unscented version. The women in their yoga pants are almost better than any pornography I could download. However, guys in yoga pants completely cancel out any arousing feelings that might have popped up (so sorry, Nooga.com). My favorite way to watch people at Greenlife, though, is to learn about them through their food. Because contrary to popular belief, it's really easy to eat an incredibly unhealthy meal if you don't stick to the basics. I see very large people consuming very large salads just covered in thick dressing. That lemon/lime carbonated sweet juice thing you're drinking may be organic, but it has at least the same amount of calories as a regular soda, probably more. Just watch yourselves, folks. I'm watching, and I don't like what I see.
Walmart (Lookout Valley)
Whatever it is that makes the Lookout Valley Walmart such a mecca for crazy people to watch, I hope it never changes for as long as I live here. This place is so close to the city and yet so far removed at the same time. Perhaps it's the close proximity to several rural areas, but I'm almost sure that I can recognize People from Walmart on a subsequent return trip to Walmart. This is also one of the easiest places to people watch because all you have to do is walk around. I've witnessed mobility scooter accidents, screaming people at the pharmacy and a morbidly obese woman buying a cart full of two items: milk and pork. What do you cook with milk and pork? The place is just surreal on a level that makes me question whether or not my life is a joke. A little something extra: Count the number of parked cars in the lot that have people sleeping in them during the middle of the day. It's more than two. It's always more than two.
You can contact Sean Phipps via email and Twitter with comments and questions. The opinions expressed in this column belong solely to the author, not Nooga.com or its employees.
Jrue Holiday's free-agency options are getting limited, and the odds are improving that he winds up staying put in New Orleans.
According to league sources, some of the potential Holiday suitors have seen their interest drop off in recent weeks, and a glut of point guards available either by trade (Ricky Rubio, Eric Bledsoe) or free agency (George Hill, Jeff Teague) has watered down the market.
TRADE TRACKER: Biggest rumors, reported deals ahead of free agency
That's strengthened the bargaining position of the Pelicans once free agency opens this weekend. The New Orleans brass remains concerned that Holiday fully intends to test the market in the coming days, and that he might have already convinced himself that he should be elsewhere. But the market has shifted.
“They want to keep him,” one league executive said. “They're going to do all that they can to keep him. But the way things have played out, there is not as much pressure on them, once they roll out the red carpet for him.”
The Pelicans don't have cap space, but they can offer Holiday a max deal worth five years and about $170 million. Naturally, they don't want to go that high, and the price tag could ultimately decide Holiday's future. He is expected to begin talks with a max offer, however, and that would be a contract that would weigh heavily on the Pelicans going forward.
But circumstances have changed for some of the Pelicans' competitors. Brooklyn had interest in bringing in Holiday, but that was before the trade that landed them D'Angelo Russell. The Bulls were also said to be interested, but that was before they began their rebuilding in earnest with the Jimmy Butler trade. The Knicks have long been interested in Holiday, but sources say he would only leave New Orleans for a playoff-ready team. The Knicks certainly do not qualify.
MORE: Five things the Knicks must do in the post-Phil Jackson era
The Mavericks, too, have been interested, but their intention has always been to focus on re-signing Nerlens Noel, the big man they acquired at the trade deadline. There had been talk that the Sixers would attempt to re-acquire Holiday, but the drafting of guard Markelle Fultz indicates they won't be looking for a starting point guard.
That leaves the Pelicans with scant competition. Holiday will draw interest from the Nuggets, a source said, and Denver is expected to be aggressive on the free-agent market. And, for the Pelicans, it only takes one team to draw Holiday away. But in handicapping Holiday's next move, the Pelicans have the upper hand.
There are indications that Holiday does come into free agency with some gratitude toward the Pelicans as an organization, stemming from the support he received last year as he was aiding his ailing wife, Lauren, who was pregnant with their first child while coping with a brain tumor that required surgery. Both his wife and child survived the ordeal, and Holiday returned to the team in mid-November.
At the same time, the organization has been unstable throughout Holiday's four-year tenure, and that will weigh on his decision.
For the Pelicans, making a large, long-term commitment to Holiday comes with risk. He averaged 15.4 points and 7.3 assists last season, but struggled with injuries in his first three seasons in New Orleans, playing 139 of 246 games from 2013-16.
But letting Holiday walk would leave the Pels with few options to improve the roster, and the team's brain trust — especially general manager Dell Demps and coach Alvin Gentry — are under pressure to get back to the playoffs in the wake of last February's blockbuster DeMarcus Cousins deal. Holiday is the priority, and the Pelicans have some reason for confidence.
In his statement Saturday, Tisei left the door open to a future run. Tisei passes on Massachusetts race
Richard Tisei, one of the Republicans' best hopes for the now-longshot Massachusetts Senate special election after Scott Brown took a pass, announced Saturday night that he too will sit out the race.
“I believe it's imperative that the Republican party put forward a strong candidate who can help bring much-needed change to Washington,”the former State Senate minority leader said in a statement.
Story Continued Below
( Also on POLITICO: Scott Brown says no to Senate bid)
“Unfortunately, the timing is simply not right for me to do so — deeply as I feel about the need to strongly compete in this election. It was also my desire to make this decision as quickly as possible so that other potential candidates would be able to consider whether they should run.”
Tisei, 50, is keeping the door open to a future run for Congress. He's openly gay, supports abortion rights and narrowly lost a House bid to Democratic congressman John Tierney in November, the closest of the state's congressional races.
“Whether as a candidate or concerned citizen, I will continue to be involved with other men and women of integrity who share my desire for real reforms,” Tisei said.
Brown said Friday that he will not try to fill the seat vacated by now-Secretary of State John Kerry, opening the door to a run for governor next year instead.
Other Republicans who might still run for the Senate nomination are former Lt. Gov. Kerry Healey and former Gov. William Weld (who recently moved back to the state from New York). Gabriel Gomez, a former Navy Seal who works in finance, had expressed interest even before Brown's announcement.
There's buzz in some quarters about a member of the Romney family running, but that is unlikely at best.
The race that matters now is the contest for the Democratic nomination. Reps. Ed Markey and Stephen Lynch will face off in an April 30 primary. Brown was the first Republican elected to the U.S. Senate from Massachusetts since Edward Brooke in 1972
Democrat Mo Cowan was appointed last week to serve as an interim senator.
CORRECTION: Due to an editing error, an earlier version of this story misstated the last time Massachusetts had elected a Republican senator.
CORRECTION: Corrected by: David Cohen @ 02/03/2013 03:03 PM CORRECTION: Due to an editing error, an earlier version of this story misstated the last time Massachusetts had elected a Republican senator.
This weekend, as President Obama and members of Congress travel to Selma, Alabama, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, a new generation of activists is working to strip the name of Edmund Pettus — a former state legislator who doubled as a top KKK official — from the city's most famous civil rights landmark.
Students Unite, an organization made mostly of college and graduate students focused on social justice issues in Selma, has collected more than 158,000 signatures on a Change.org petition calling on Alabama leaders to rename the bridge, where police viciously beat demonstrators marching for voting rights on March 7, 1965.
But because the bridge is both part of a federal highway and a National Historic landmark —not to mention a source of sentimentality for some in Alabama — erasing the avowed racist's name from it won't be as simple as some think.
Pettus' racism was no secret
"Everyone knows the bridge is famous for the march and Bloody Sunday, so the idea that the name of the place where all of this happened represents something so contrary to all of that really bothers us," said Students Unite's executive director, 25-year-old John Gainey.
The discrepancy is striking, but the life of the bridge's namesake has never been a secret. The Washington Post reported that when the bridge was constructed 75 years ago, Pettus' legacy was well known, and the span of the highway was named "for a man revered locally as a tenacious Southern leader."
It's also right there on the Federal Highway Administration's website in its description of the structure, which was built in 1940 and carries traffic across the Alabama River: "It had been named after a Civil War General and Grand Dragon of the Alabama Ku Klux Klan who served in the United States Senate from 1897 until his death in 1907. He was the last Confederate General to serve in the Senate."
Why people care now
According to Gainey, there was an effort to remove Pettus' name from the bridge five years ago, but it didn't take. Now, he says, "there is enough momentum to actually get it done."
That's because, while the events of Bloody Sunday are commemorated every year, this year, the 50th anniversary, is different. With the release of Ava DuVernay's Oscar-nominated film, Selma, which depicted Martin Luther King's marches from Montgomery to Selma, the city's role in the civil rights movement has been in the national spotlight.
Gainey thinks the heightened attention to the city's civil rights legacy as a result of the film — including the scene highlighting when marchers were beaten by police as they tried to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge — has inspired renewed interest in honoring the actions of the participants.
DuVernay hasn't called for the bridge's name to be changed, but in a 60 Minutes interview last February, she drew attention to the contrast between the bridge's contemporary symbolism and the man whose name it bears: "I took great pleasure in directing scenes on this bridge. I imagine him [Pettus] turning over in his grave a little bit, thinking ‘where did it all go wrong?! This was not supposed to happen!'"
But the students pushing for a change don't find it amusing. "The name Edmund Pettus is far from what the city of Selma should honor," their petition says. "Let's change the image of the bridge from hatred and rename it to memorialize hope and progress."
What it will take to change the name
It's not unusual for schools, buildings, and parks to be stripped of names that have racist connotations. For example, a 2013 Change.org petition successfully pushed to strip the name of a KKK leader from a Florida high school.
But the fact that the Edmund Pettus Bridge is both a portion of a federal highway (US 80) and a National Historic Landmark makes things especially complicated.
According to the Federal Highway Administration, states retain power over naming and renaming any highways under their jurisdiction, either through the introduction of legislation or an action by the State department of transportation. (In February 2008, a state resolution renamed a portion of Alabama 62 the "Curly Putnam Jr. Highway," in honor of a songwriter.)
Tony W. Harris, the Alabama Department of Transportation's media and community relations bureau chief said that when the state legislature passes a resolution regarding an honorary naming of a road or bridge, that resolution must be ratified by the transportation director in order to be made official. He suggested the Department of Interior or National Park Service would possibly have to be involved in changing the name of the bridge's National Historic Landmark designation.
The Change.org petition calls on "Alabama, the city of Selma, and the National Park Service to" to remove Pettus' name from the bridge. Gainey said the specific process for renaming, was "somewhat murky" to organizers, but they planned to approach Alabama governor Robert J. Bentley with the results of the petition.
This won't be easy
Gainey said that Students Unite would prefer not to see the bridge renamed after another individual. The organizers would instead want to "open it up to people in the Selma community" — who, the petition points out, are 80 percent African American. The ideal replacement, he said, would "show respect for the civil rights movement of 50 years ago and what still needs to happen in the community today."
But according to a report by Al.com, not everyone agrees - in fact, many Selma residents oppose the change. One white resident told the publication, "If we really want to make a change in our city, I'm not sure that changing the name of the bridge is going to help. I think it's going to be more divisive than unifying."
There's unlikely to be agreement about this, even among Alabama's leadership. Politico reported that, on a national level, no members of the House Republican leadership plan to attend this weekend's commemorative events, a fact that highlights how partisan issues related to the commemoration of civil rights history are.
Harris (of the Alabama DOT) suggested that he personally might not support an effort to replace Pettus' name. "The bridge's name is linked to history because of what happened at the bridge in 1965, and the monumental change that followed," he said in an email to Vox. "And it's the name 'Edmund Pettus Bridge' that has been recorded as a National Historic Landmark."
If modern cricket is dated from the 1780s, when the Laws of Cricket which still rule the sport today were first formalized in England, North America would have to be considered a major participant in the world cricket scene for two-thirds of the time that modern cricket has been around.
The first cricket clubs in the USA were established in the 1700s, not long after they made their first appearance in England. Originally played by officers of the British Army with local landed gentry predisposed to be Anglophiles, cricket became a major recreation of American gentlemen of leisure....and indeed, several Founding Fathers of the United States were known to be avid cricketers - -John Adams among them, who stated in the US Congress in the 1780s that if leaders of cricket clubs could be called "presidents", there was no reason why the leader of the new nation could not be called the same!
Eastern Canada had developed cricket clubs as well, shortly after the US clubs had made their initial appearance. Both US and Canadian cricket clubs roamed far and wide in search of competitive cricket, as was the custom in those times. Soon, an animated cross-border traffic developed, and it was out of that friendly rivalry that the first international cricket developed in the modern world.
The first annual Canada v. USA cricket match in 1844 was attended by 10,000 spectators at Bloomingdale Park in New York. The USA v Canada cricket match is the oldest international sporting event in the modern world, predating even today's Olympic Games by nearly 50 years. Touring teams from the West Indies, England and Australia were playing in the USA and Canada until the 1920s. In one of the last such established tours, the Australian team with Don Bradman among them played in Canada and the USA, leading to the naming of Stanley Park in Vancouver, BC as his "favourite cricket ground" by the great Sir Don himself.
The USA also sent touring sides abroad. It achieved its greatest success when a national USA side defeated the West Indies by nine wickets in an international match in British Guyana in the 1880s.
Cricket declined in the USA in the 20th century because in the late 1800s it had remained a strictly amateur elite sport at the same time that England, then Australia, were developing a professional system that allowed full-time players to participate. In the halcyon days of amateur cricket, talented North Americans could sometimes hold their own on the field with the best the world had to offer. But as cricket standards improved elsewhere in the world by becoming semi-professional and then fully professional, many North American cricket clubs stayed stubbornly elitist ... abandoning cricket, they converted their facilities to recreations like golf and tennis.
Then, there was this urban (and local) recreation originally called "townball", which had developed out of cricket. Unlike cricket, townball could be played in small city squares and compact urban spaces, rather than spacious cricket parks. Some city cricket clubs, viewing it as an auxiliary entertainment, had even sponsored the first "baseball" teams, as they came to be called. After 1900, baseball took over the American scene, created its independent mythology, and obviated the sport that gave it birth. In a few decades, cricket in America had become only a memory.
The eclipse of American cricket was aided and abetted by developments in the British Empire. The British, it appears, were not at all enthusiastic about US participation in world cricket. The Imperial Cricket Conference, which was formed in 1909 to coordinate the worldwide development of the sport, specifically excluded countries from outside the British Empire from any role in the proceedings. This exclusionary policy certainly undercut any momentum to professionalize cricket in the USA, although whether the momentum would have developed even in the presence of a more open ICC remains a question.
After a near-total eclipse in the 1930s, US cricket began its long climb up from obscurity when first British and later, Caribbean and South Asian immigrants began entering North America is substantial numbers after World War II.
Unlike the US cricketers of the 19th century, these cricketers were a new breed. Rather than being gentlemen of leisure, many of these newcomers were small businessmen, salaried professionals and working-class cricket enthusiasts who made up in dedication what they may have lacked in civility. They brought with them a steadfast commitment to the "new" cricket they had learned to play at home - a fierce sport where many of the genteel norms of the early British era had gradually been discarded, to be replaced by a raucous community ethos which kept folks in good spirits through good times and bad. Cricket-playing urban enclaves developed around these communities, spreading by osmosis into the American heartland as the immigrant populations dispersed themselves through America's body politic.
Meanwhile, a different and less pleasant "rediscovery" of American cricket made its appearance in the 1970s. As cricket-loving immigrant populations grew in number in North America, their potential as a wealthy captive audience and a source of profit dawned on entrepreneurs, corporations, and organizations wanting in on the good thing. Even Disney and the ICC have been dancing around the issues in search of opportunities to make money off cricket in America.
The dilemma this creates for US cricket in the 21st century is obvious. Should American cricket-lovers spend their money to see first-class cricketers from the rest of the world perform in local venues? Or should they invest their cash in developing local talent, eschewing the spectacle of first-class exhibitions for a gradual development of indigenous cricket? These options may not be mutually exclusive, but given the limited resources available for cricket in the USA in the first place, some difficult choices lie ahead.
Meanwhile, the face of world cricket is changing. With the new International Cricket Conference, there has been an expansion of cricket into countries that were never part of the British Empire. Countries like Argentina, Holland and the Arab Emirates are now able to play in world cricket, and this may well be the biggest change that has occurred in the sport in modern times. Perhaps the USA can recover its century-old memories of preeminence in the cricket scene, and become a major participant in world cricket in the 21st century.
Important dates in US cricket
1709 William Byrd of Westover, Virginia, playing cricket with his friends
1737 Mention of cricket in Georgia
1742 Highland Scots celebrate St Andrew's Day in Savannah (Georgia) - founded only nine years before - by playing cricket
1751 A match recorded between New York and a London XI. played "according to the London method"; i.e. presumably in accordance with the 1744 rules
1785 Canadians playing in Montreal
1838 Mexican CC in existence
1844 First match between Canada and the USA
First known century scored in North America - 120 by J. Turner
1859 First touring team to leave England (captain, George Parr) visit the USA and Canada. Their matches drew large crowds and, together with their general experiences on the tour, were well-described by their scorer, Fred Lillywhite, in the first book in the long catalogue of "touring literature"
1874 First team from the USA to visit England: team of baseballers who also played cricket
1878 The Australian team visits America on their way back from England
1880 First team from Canada visited England: not representative and the tour terminated prematurely
1884 First Gentlemen of Philadelphia team to visit England
1896 Haverford College toured and played English Public Schools
1903 Kent visit USA
1905 First MCC team visited USA and Canada; captain E. W. Mann
1961 United States Cricket Association founded
1963 Revival of the USA v Canada match, last played in 1912
1965 United States elected to associate membership of ICC
1968 Canada elected to associate membership of ICC
Deb K Das is cricket coordinator of Wisden Cricinfo's USA site
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
KABUL, Afghanistan — The ongoing Taliban offensive in Afghanistan demands a reassessment of the Obama administration's current plan to drawdown U.S. forces, U.S. Sen. John McCain said Saturday during a visit to the country's capital.
The Republican told reporters that Afghan national forces are fighting bravely, but suffering heavy losses in the field.
American and international troops have already stopped playing a combat role, remaining as trainers for local forces. The international numbers will be reduced further at the end of 2016. But McCain said reductions should be based on conditions on the ground.
"With the rise of ISIS and the distinct fighting season that is marked this year, the threat environment continues to evolve in ways that clearly, in my view, demands a reassessment of the administration's current calendar-driven drawdown of U.S. forces with a plan that must be based on conditions on the ground," McCain said.
Afghan forces have struggled to fight off the Taliban since the U.S. and NATO combat mission officially concluded at the end of last year. More than 2,300 Afghan soldiers, police and pro-government fighters have been killed since the start of the year — more than the total number of U.S. troops killed since the 2001 invasion that ended Taliban rule.
Meanwhile, Afghan lawmakers rejected President Ashraf Ghani's nominee for defense minister, a position that has remained empty for more than nine months amid some of the toughest fighting since the Taliban insurgency began 14 years ago. Masoom Stanekzai received 84 out of the 107 votes needed for parliamentary approval.
Stanekzai's rejection reflects in part a power struggle between Ghani and Afghanistan's Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah. Stanekzai, the second nominee put forth by Ghani to be rejected, is also seen by some to be ineffective, based on the chaotic security situation around the country.
Stanekzai previously led the High Peace Council negotiating body charged with ending the conflict with the Taliban. He has been serving as the country's top defense official in an acting capacity.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
In January, Gen. Sher Mohammad Karimi also failed to get enough votes in parliament. It could be months before a new nominee for the position is put forth.
Also Saturday, men on a motorcycle attacked a pair of schoolgirls in the western city of Herat, throwing an unknown chemical substance in their faces, authorities said. The victims, aged 16 and 17, were hospitalized in stable condition, said Mohammad Rafiq Sherzai, spokesman for the Herat hospital.
It was not clear what sort of substance was used in the attack but it was not acid, he added.
Police were searching for the two men, who attacked the students as they were on their way to school, and no arrests had been made, said Rauf Ahmadi, spokesman for the Herat police.
Authorities on Saturday also raised the death toll from a Taliban attack on several police checkpoints in Wardak province. The Wednesday night attack left 24 police dead, up from the previously reported total of seven, and two wounded, according to a statement from the provincial governor's office.
A Hamilton-based medical marijuana producer is taking a different approach in growing his products.
Warren Bravo is a third-generation concrete and construction worker, but nowadays he spends his time in a gated facility on a farm in Flamborogh. Green Relief is the 13th licensed medical marijuana producer in Canada but how Green Relief grows the marijuana is quite unique. They use a farming technique called aquaponics.
“We have about 1200 fish in a room.” Bravo.
When the fish release waste, the water is sent through several tanks and enriched with growth-friendly nitrates. That water is then circulated to the marijuana plants.
‘”The plant roots take out the toxicity that the fish don't like which are the high nitrates and just so happens to be their food which they do like. So the plants thrive and do very well and then the water goes back to the tank purified for the fish. The same water can be in the system for up to 5-10 years it makes no difference because it's a balanced ecosystem that we've created.”
And he's not just growing pot, in another room Green Relief is producing kale, lettuce, peppers and gigantic beets at twice the rate of most green houses. While the veggies are being sent to second harvest for now, Bravo says his sole focus will be on medical marijuana. He already has plans for two new facilities that are that he says will produce tens of thousands of pounds of medical marijuana a year.
Google Tunes Into TV
Google Video Enables Users to Search TV Content From PBS, the NBA, Fox News, C-SPAN, and others
Mountain View, Calif. – January 25, 2005 – Google Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) today announced the availability of Google Video, a new service that enables users to search the content of television programs from leading TV content providers including PBS, the NBA, Fox News, and C-SPAN, among others. This announcement demonstrates Google's commitment to creating innovative technologies that provide access to a greater diversity of the world's information.
"What Google did for the web, Google Video aims to do for television," said Larry Page, Google co-founder and president of Products. "This preview release demonstrates how searching television can work today. Users can search the content of TV programs for anything, see relevant thumbnails, and discover where and when to watch matching television programs. We are working with content owners to improve this service by providing additional enhancements such as playback."
The Google Video beta (www.google.com/video) enables users to search across the closed captioning content of a growing number of TV programs that Google began indexing in December, 2004. Entering a query such as iPod will return a list of relevant television programs with still images and text excerpts from the exact point in the program where the search phrase was spoken. Google Video offers these additional search features:
Preview page: Displays up to five still video images and five short text segments from the closed captioning of each program.
Displays up to five still video images and five short text segments from the closed captioning of each program. Upcoming episodes: Shows when the program will be aired next.
Shows when the program will be aired next. Search within the show: Enables searching for specific words within a given program.
Enables searching for specific words within a given program. Program details: Offers program and episode information including channel, date and time.
Offers program and episode information including channel, date and time. Change location: Finds the next time and channel where a program will air locally according to zip code.
For television channels and content producers, Google Video can increase viewership by providing Google users with information on future airings of relevant programs.
"For more than three decades PBS and local PBS stations have pioneered the use of state-of-the-art technology to use media to inform, engage, entertain, and educate the American public," said Pat Mitchell, President and CEO of PBS. "Today we are proud to join with Google, a company that continues to achieve new levels of technical innovation with the launch of Google Video, a new service that increases the reach and impact of PBS content."
"NBA fans are tech savvy early adopters," said NBA Commissioner David Stern. "With our partnership with Google on the pioneering Google Video service, we enhance our ability to meet the needs of NBA fans, delivering to them content and information in a new and innovative way."
This early-stage release of Google Video does not include Google Ads advertising or playback options. For more information, please visit www.google.com/video.
About Google Inc.
Google's innovative search technologies connect millions of people around the world with information every day. Founded in 1998 by Stanford Ph.D. students Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Google today is a top web property in all major global markets. Google's targeted advertising program, which is the largest and fastest growing in the industry, provides businesses of all sizes with measurable results, while enhancing the overall web experience for users. Google is headquartered in Silicon Valley with offices throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia. For more information, visit www.google.com.
Media Contact:
Nathan Tyler
Google Inc.
+1 650-623-4311
nate@google.com
###
Google is a registered trademark of Google Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.
This post comes after one of those “when you're so lazy to slide though your Feedly news that you write some JavaScript code to automate it” situations. Of course, if you're not a lazy person or a programming geek like me, you may never have had one of those situations…
I guess I am not the only one who has one or more RSS collection on which I don't want to read all the news. Only scroll through and check if something interesting catches my attention.
Those are the perfect collections for me to check while I am eating or just taking my break near the computer. Even more perfect if I don't have to click for the news to change!
I use Feedly (big fan btw!) to manage my RSS feeds, but unfortunately they don't have an auto slide function (at least that I know). So I decided to make my own! If you also want this feature or you're just curious, check the video and the code bellow:
Video
Code
The script used in the video can be obtained on this gist: (I know this code is not amazing, it was not supposed to be! Feel free to comment here or on the gist with an improved version.)
The script is very simple! It basically adds a key up event listener that will use the keys ‘q' and ‘w' to respectively start and stop the slideshow. The slideshow it's not more than a setInterval with the defined timeout that will trigger a click on the slide arrow on Feedly.
The plugin used in the video to inject the script into Feedly's website is InjectCode (Chrome plugin). Really simple and useful plugin if your all the time running the same scripts.
Feel free to try this or to leave any comments bellow.
Le Premier ministre,
Sur le rapport du ministre des finances et des comptes publics, du ministre de la défense, du ministre de l'intérieur et du ministre de l'économie, de l'industrie et du numérique,
Vu le code de justice administrative, notamment le chapitre III bis du titre VII du livre VII de la partie réglementaire ;
Vu le code des postes et des communications électroniques, notamment ses articles L. 34-1, L. 36-5, R. 10-13 et R. 10-14 ;
Vu le code pénal, notamment ses articles R. 226-1 à R. 226-12 ;
Vu le code de la sécurité intérieure, notamment son livre VIII ;
Vu la loi n° 78-17 du 6 janvier 1978 modifiée relative à l'informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés, notamment ses articles 26 et 34 ;
Vu le décret n° 2011-219 du 25 février 2011 modifié relatif à la conservation et à la communication des données permettant d'identifier toute personne ayant contribué à la création d'un contenu mis en ligne, notamment son article 1er ;
Vu l'avis de la Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertés en date du 17 décembre 2015 ;
Vu l'avis de l'Autorité de régulation des communications électroniques et des postes en date du 14 janvier 2016 ;
Vu l'avis de la Commission nationale de contrôle des techniques de renseignement en date du 14 janvier 2016 ;
Le Conseil d'Etat (section de l'intérieur) entendu,
Décrète :
The spacewalks to fix a broken cooling line are taking priority over the launch of a supply ship from Virginia
Nasa has ordered a series of urgent spacewalks to fix a broken cooling line at the International Space Station.
Station managers decided on Tuesday to send two American astronauts out as soon as possible to replace a pump that contains a faulty valve. It's a big job that will require at least two or three spacewalks. The first is scheduled for Saturday.
The spacewalks are taking priority over the launch of a supply ship from Virginia. The delivery had been scheduled for this week, but is now delayed until January.
Half of the station's cooling system shut down last week. The six-man crew had to turn off nonessential equipment, including science experiments. While the astronauts are safe, Nasa wants the system back up to full strength, in case of another failure.
City Park in New Orleans will get a new Ladybug roller coaster, thanks to the Federal Emergency Management Agency. After a protracted negotiation, FEMA agreed to pay for the new roller coaster.
The new $1.4 million Ladybug roller coaster is expected to be ordered in the next two months. It will take eight months to manufacture the coaster with an estimated installation and completion date of summer 2014.
The ride's supporting structure was damaged by saltwater that flooded the park during Katrina, park officials said.
Generations of New Orleanians have had a soft spot for the Ladybug roller coaster, park officials said. The new coaster will be higher, faster and cover a larger footprint. Each of the coaster's 10 cars will hold two people.
The park is accepting sponsors for each of the 10 coaster cars. Sponsorship cost for each car is $25,000. Funds raised through sponsorship will be invested in the park's endowment to ensure the Ladybug will delight riders for years to come.
Dots Diner has signed up to sponsor the first car. For additional sponsorship information contact John Hopper at jhopper@nocp.org or 504.259.1509.
Election 2012: Nevada President
Nevada: Obama 50%, Romney 48%
President Obama still receives 50% of the vote in Nevada's tight presidential race.
The latest Rasmussen Reports telephone survey of Likely Nevada voters, taken the night after the final presidential debate, shows Obama with 50% support to Mitt Romney's 48%. One percent (1%) prefers some other candidate, and one percent (1%) is undecided. (To see survey question wording, click here.)
Win an IPad: Take the Rasmussen Challenge . This week's entries will be accepted until 11:59pm ET tonight.
This Nevada survey of 500 Likely Voters was conducted on October 23, 2012 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 4.5 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
OR
Seth MacFarlane's film directing debut, "Ted," opens on Friday, and while the creator of "Family Guy," "The Cleveland Show" and "American Dad" certainly has his hands full doing the normal film promotional duties, he's managed to make headlines of a different sort with an act that's pretty surprising if you only know him from "Family Guy" and filthy teddy bear movies: He's donated the papers of famed scientist and astronomer Carl Sagan to the Library of Congress.
The library announced the donation of Sagan's papers on Wednesday and the creation of the Seth MacFarlane Collection of the Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan Archive.
The archive consists of 800 boxes of material gathered from throughout Sagan's life, including book drafts, correspondence with other scientists, idea files and even his birth announcement, grade school report cards and various photographs, audio recordings and videocasettes.
Though MacFarlane's current filmography doesn't quite reflect his longstanding love and admiration for Sagan's work, that will change soon as he has embarked on a 13-episode followup to Sagan's classic 1980 TV series, "Cosmos: A Personal Journey." The new series, set to air on Fox and the National Geographic Channel in 2014, is titled "Cosmos: A Space-Time Odyssey" and is being executive produced by MacFarlane and Sagan's widow, Druyan, a veteran documentarian. The new series will be presented by astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Disregarding faux-“libertarians” of limited principles (most often associated with Koch-funded outfits in the D.C. beltway, and the Libertarian Party in the US), the most obtrusive divide between principled libertarians is not even that between the principles or strategies of limiting government (minarchism) and abolishing government (anarchism). It is the divide between those who reflexively adhere to bourgeois values as a presumed, often unacknowledged additional principle, and those who expect the application of principles to alter their lifestyles and alter social values—those with a progressive aesthetic of personal revolution. This is not accurately a class difference so much as a difference in temperament between conservative and progressive disposition, aside from theory, to which theory is sometimes made to bend.
In the progressive-temperament libertarian, some of whom frequent antiwar.com, radical theory finds application in radical practice, such as boycotting Amazon.com in solidarity for Amazon's subserviently taking political sides in the persecution of Wikileaks. (Antiwar.com took this action despite a sacrifice of $10,000 per year in referrals from the site to Amazon.)
To the conservative-temperament libertarians most often associated with Lew Rockwell, such as Stephan Kinsella, Robert Murphy, et al., the prospect of changing buying habits is so offensive it requires an extensive series of articles, essays and arguments in various outlets, blogs, and forums—despite its supposed unimportance—to justify themselves and explain how unwise or un-libertarian it is to hold corporations to account when they side with the State. They appear insensitive to the dangers of precedent for themselves, if all web hosts fall into step with Amazon's example.
Libertarians of bourgeois values are inherently and reflexively pro-business, regardless of hierarchical corporate decisions, or unnecessary participation in corporatism (the co-mingling of government and select corporations). Thus Rockwell, Kinsella et al. persistently refer to Amazon as a “victim,” despite Amazon's statement insisting that they were not coerced, and the apparent sequence of events which shows Amazon acting against Wikileaks on mere inquiries—effectively passing judgment on Wikileaks' illegality without legality involved, on the say-so of partisan officials acting extralegally. Rockwell et al. may even go so far as to interpret corporations as “benefactors”; Kinsella, the most hysterical of the anti-boycotters defending Amazon, credits Amazon with “heroically helping people avoid sales tax”, even though this is almost certainly a stand taken out of financial interest and not principle.
Rockwell et al. have an aversion to the aesthetics of social change which include “boycotts,” regardless of type or reason for the strategy, because they associate boycotts with socialism. (Rockwell even made a point to market Amazon referrals more heavily on his site as an “anti-boycott”.) The idea of making choices based on business practices besides judging the products or services themselves is also foreign. That materialism may seem to make little sense for theoreticians, unless we consider that material goods supply a bourgeois lifestyle. Likewise personal interest in a financial lifestyle is characteristic, and no doubt contributes to fascination with the financial industry (and its “banksters,” in the Rothbardian phrase). Perhaps this explains Kinsella's bizarre choice of words, when he asked libertarians boycotting Amazon if they would also “suicidally” boycott Paypal.
To a radical practitioner of libertarian principle, on the other hand, it seems entirely reasonable that sacrifices of lifestyle might be involved in loyalty to principle, and making theory into reality. It also makes sense to question corporations insofar as they show similarities to the government's hierarchy and bureaucracy, collectivism and anti-individualism, and insofar as they side with the State versus the citizen, or fiat versus rights.
Ideas do not live by themselves, and this divide is a useful example of that fact. Political philosophy cannot be discussed productively and accounted for in isolation, without also examining culture and physiology, within a total discussion of humanity and the enhancement of human life. This omission is an intrinsic flaw in a libertarian identity or libertarian worldview, and a limitation to any libertarian school of thought. An identity or worldview based on libertarianism is not sufficient, and must look further.
Advertisements
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Australian airline Qantas wants to begin non-stop flights from Sydney to London and New York by 2022 - challenging Airbus to develop a new generation of ultra-long range jets.
Airline bosses want a plane capable of flying the 20 hour route (10,560 miles) - which would become the world's longest commercial flight.
They want to run routes from Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane to London and New York.
Qantas CEO Alan Joyce will formally launch the ambitious initiative at Friday's declaration of the airline's 2017 financial results.
He will note the current long range planes under development by Airbus and Boeing will still fall short of flying from Australia's east coast to London with passengers and luggage at full capacity.
The aircraft manufacturers will be challenged to push the envelope in technology, design and engineering.
It's estimated that passengers on a non-stop flight from Sydney to London would be in the air for 20 hours and 20 minutes – a saving of almost four hours compared to the total journey time of the currrent route via Dubai.
The current longest non-stop commercial flight, is a 9,032-mile (14,535km) marathon from Doha to Auckland, New Zealand.
I'm going to come right out and say it. I HATE our bathroom with a fiery passion. After living with it for a year-and-a-bit I decided that something had to be done. Now my first choice would have been to rip it out, burn the pieces and salt the earth, cursing all the while. Trouble is this is a rental, and the agency might have a problem with that.
Here's the before and after shots:
LATEST VIDEOS
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Note the ill advised blue paint on the 70's medicine cabinet doors and the 40 million miles of impossible-to-clean floor grout.
Here's what I used:
A few self adhesive vinyl floor tiles. ($8 worth from the Dollarama)
a new shower curtain.
8 Placemats and some glue to make new slidey doors for the cabinets. (2 for a $ from the Dollarama)
First I did the floor, using instructions that I found here. I cleaned the tiles with bleach then vinegar, cause of the whole sticky Vs. Dirt thing. Then I popped the new tiles straight over top of the old ones. It's probably easier if you don't get a small dog to help you.
Next came the cabinets, after experimenting with some contact paper I decided to write off the old doors and start from scratch.
I made new doors from Bamboo placemats glued onto stiffer plastic placemats.
Using the old door as a template I chopped the placemats to size glued them together .
Then I jammed the whole 'door' into the slot that the old door came out of. These are light enough that they don't need doorknobs.
Lastly I bunged a plant in there and folded some towels.
It's not perfect, but I no longer feel the need to sack it like Carthage. And, like my kitchen, it can still be returned to it's former hideous state should the need arise.
In addition to the Star Wars: The Last Jedi footage description we ran earlier, we also have a rundown of all the other sneak previews that Disney screened during yesterday's shareholder meeting. This includes clips from Frozen 2, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Thor: Ragnarok, Pixar's Coco and some concept art from Captain Marvel. We've got the full rundown below.
/Film reader Matthew Hansen sent in the following report from the Disney shareholder's meeting in Denver Colorado:
The Walt Disney Company Annual Meeting of Shareholders opened, as always, with a sizzle reel explaining the values/ideals and goals of the company. As always, quick snippets from unreleased films were included with other clips from films, TV shows and sports. The shots shown included:
A shot of Anna and Elsa from Frozen 2 . They looked different. I didn't quite catch the details of her outfit but Elsa had a blue, velvet-looking dress, definitely new from what we've seen them in.
. They looked different. I didn't quite catch the details of her outfit but Elsa had a blue, velvet-looking dress, definitely new from what we've seen them in. Some clips from Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 : Baby Groot sitting in a seat on the Milano as Star-Lord yells back “Groot, put your seatbelt on!”, a shot of Rocket with a gun, another shot of Rocket flying a ship and talking about how they'll really be able to jack up their prices as two-time galaxy savers.
: Baby Groot sitting in a seat on the Milano as Star-Lord yells back “Groot, put your seatbelt on!”, a shot of Rocket with a gun, another shot of Rocket flying a ship and talking about how they'll really be able to jack up their prices as two-time galaxy savers. A shot of Cate Blanchett as Hela from Thor: Ragnarok , holding Mjolnir from the top, with the handle horizontal and extending away from her. Several shots of Thor and Hulk, both in gladiator garb, as seen in EW photos. Also, a shot of Thor putting his helmet on and turning side pieces of helmet from horizontal to vertical.
as Hela from , holding Mjolnir from the top, with the handle horizontal and extending away from her. Several shots of Thor and Hulk, both in gladiator garb, as seen in EW photos. Also, a shot of Thor putting his helmet on and turning side pieces of helmet from horizontal to vertical. A few quick shots from Pixar's Coco, both of the main character strumming his guitar and of a Dia de los Muertos street parade.
Once CEO Bob Iger began the meeting, he discussed the different areas of the company and when he got to the Studios, he spoke about their upcoming slate of films.
Bitcoin Script as a Protocol Buffer
zeptochain Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 18, 2016
OK. I just gave the game away by shoving it into the title. A bit late to say “spoiler alert”, I guess.
Last time I left the idea hanging that Bitcoin's consensus rules could perhaps be expressed most effectively using Bitcoin's own scripting language. What should give us additional confidence in this choice is that Bitcoin Script is a language that was explicitly designed for expressing distributed contracts. Surely, it would be impossible to argue that the consensus rules for Bitcoin, when taken together, are anything other than a contract?
Unfortunately, the present situation is that the contract terms that we expected to agree to be delivered to us as an unordered, highly cross-referenced, constantly changing, “book of codes” written in a language that only a minority actually understand, and which includes a massive dead weight of rules and concerns that have nothing at all to do with the contract. You shouldn't have to suck that up; you wouldn't just suck that up if your home insurance policy or credit card conditions were delivered to you in that form. Surely we deserve better.
So I guess the right thing to do is:
Find all the rules Write a Script for each that encapsulates that constraint Write a natural language explanation for each script Put it all in one place and in a logical order See if we actually do agree with the resulting contract
Time to get to work, right? All that should be enough for anyone to have to swallow! But wait a moment… we're not going to let ourselves off the hook that easy. Instead, let's go all the way and express Script itself as a protocol buffer, to see where that path takes us. As it turns out, it too leads somewhere kinda interesting.
Let's take quick look at how you could do something this ludicrous, since you're likely wondering about that, and the “how” bit is actually pretty easy:
message Script {
repeated Operation operations = 1;
}
message Operation {
enum Code {
OP_FALSE = 0;
// and so on
OP_NOP10 = 185;
}
Code opcode = 1;
bytes data = 2;
}
OK, now we know it's trivially possible (the full expression of the above is in the code repo on GitHub), we can talk about why you might want to — and even entertain the idea that you actually should want to.
We now have a lingua franca to launch higher level discussions, since any data structures and constraint functions now have a standard and platform-neutral format. The proto file can be used to generate the required reference client code in under a minute for pretty much any language and any platform. Each node has the capability to be exact and specific about which rules it is willing to observe, and is able to tell its peers. These consensus rules could be transmitted, accepted, loaded and executed as scripts at runtime. You know, a bit like Ethereum, but limited to deterministic, fully analyzable rules. The serialized form of a protocol buffer offers an alternative but more robust byte-accurate representation of data structures that is eminently suitable for the calculation and verification of hash digests and digital signatures.
Pretty worthwhile stuff, hunh? But before we step off the cliff, there's a real burning issue that we need to address. What could that be? Well, weirdly, it's about a specific systems programming language.
Yesterday I spent the day going over the newly released 2015 Ontario Health and Physical Education Curriculum (Elementary) with a fine-toothed comb to generate a comprehensive précis made up of every single quote that had anything to do with the "sex ed" parts.
Unfortunately, misconceptions and misinformation about this curriculum are continuing to make their way around the Internet, mostly because people seem bound and determined to willfully ignore the actual facts before forming an opinion.
So today I'm going to address the most common myths about the new curriculum.
Myth #1
Explicit sexual content, including oral and anal sex, consent, and rape will be taught to children as young as six.
Key words/phrases:
"graphic content," "young ages," "desensitizing," "innocent minds," "putting thoughts into young minds," "too young to learn about sex," "age-inappropriate content," "explicit content," "children will be taught to consent to sex," "protect our children's innocence."
Truth:
In grade one, children will be taught to identify body parts, including genitalia, using their correct terms (penis, testicles, vagina, vulva) and to recognize exploitative behaviours such as inappropriate touching. In grade two, the concept of "consent" will be introduced very broadly as the right to say "no" in threatening situations. This has been misrepresented by many critics as "teaching children the concept of consent," which is then in turn further misrepresented as "teaching children to consent to sex."
The concept of human and animal reproduction -- presented broadly as the union of the egg and sperm -- has actually been pushed back a grade, moving from grade three to grade four, and the first discussion of sexual intercourse occurs in grade five, the same as in the previous curriculum.
Masturbation is defined in grade six and characterized as normal and not harmful, but students are not "taught masturbation." A 1950s-era sex-ed video that I found in my research describes masturbation more graphically than the 2015 curriculum. Oral-genital contact and anal intercourse are discussed in grade seven. They are listed as potential sexual activities that one should consider abstaining from or delaying -- not described graphically, "taught" or offered up as alternatives to delaying vaginal intercourse. They are described as part of a comprehensive sex education curriculum, which is the only type of sex education curriculum that is proven to reduce teen pregnancy and STI infection rates and raise the age of onset of first sexual activity.
Myth #2
Children will be taught graphic information about homosexuality and gender fluidity and forced to view them as normal, accepted practice.
Key words/phrases:
"gay premier of Ontario," "homosexuality," "homosexual activities," "sick," "homosexual agenda," "Kathleen Wynne, a practicing lesbian," "family values," "personal beliefs," "neo-liberal beliefs," "lifestyle choices," "impressionable children," "gay sex acts," "gender fluidity," "gender expression," "gender is determined by your sex organs," "gender identity," "choose to change gender."
Truth:
In the 2015 curriculum, children will be taught to respect people's differences. Starting in grade three, they will be introduced to the concepts of gender identity and sexual orientation as invisible characteristics; other examples include learning abilities, allergies, and cultural values. The teacher prompt for this topic includes "Give me some examples or things that make each person unique," to which an example student response is "We all come from different families. Some students live with two parents. Some live with one parent. Some have two mothers or two fathers. Some live with grandparents or with caregivers. We may come from different cultures. We also have different talents and abilities and different things that we find difficult to do."
Yes, the fact that we must treat everyone with respect regardless of their personal characteristics is emphasized throughout the curriculum. Yes, the concept of same-sex relationships and gender identity are introduced in grade three and treated as normal. That's because, under the laws of this country in which we live, we must treat everyone with respect regardless of their personal characteristics, and same-sex relationships are normal and gender expression is protected by law (here and here). It really doesn't get any more cut and dry than that.
Entrenching the pretense that LGBTQ people simply don't exist in our public school system is discriminatory. Saying that it's not the statistical norm to be in a same-sex relationship and therefore we don't have to talk about it a curriculum that covers human relationships would be akin to saying, "Well, 80 per cent of our school's population identifies as Canadian, so what's the point in learning world geography? Consider the risk that students will be influenced by it and want to become Japanese."
If your personal values do not line up with the laws of Canada, it is your right to impart those beliefs to your children at home, but your children will be required to be versed in and abide by those laws while in the public school system.
Myth #3
This curriculum was designed by a pedophile.
Key words/phrases:
"Ben Levin," "Benjamin Levin," "child pornographer," "should want to distance themselves," "alleged child molester."
Truth:
It is very unfortunate that a man charged with multiple counts relating to child pornography had a hand in developing the failed 2010 curriculum. This does not change the fact that the current curriculum is outdated by almost two decades and in dire need of updating. It probably would have been the easier choice for the government to leave the curriculum issue alone for a few more years to let people forget about Ben Levin before quietly reintroducing it (or not bothering at all), but they chose to persevere with the new curriculum.
Many other people, including education, child development, and policy experts, as well as 4,000 heads of school parent councils across Ontario, were involved in developing the 2015 curriculum, Levin NOT included. The proposed changes are research-supported and intended to make children less vulnerable to exploitation, including over the Internet.
Pedophiles, child pornographers, and child molesters, in fact, are the ones who would benefit MOST from the older curriculum remaining in place.
Myth #4
Parents are being forced to accept a curriculum they had no say in.
Key words/phrases:
"force-fed," "police state," "not comfortable," "opt out," "not in agreement," "forced upon us," "right to our beliefs," "freedom of speech," "should have a democratic poll," "majority disagree," "catering to the minority."
Truth:
Parents can choose to remove their children from all or part of the Physical and Health Education curriculum. Children whose parents make this choice are usually kept home or supervised in the library or another part of the school while the class takes place. In fact, the public education system is not mandatory. While the United Nation Convention on the Rights of a Child recognizes a child's right to an education, the Ontario Education Act states that a child is excused from attendance at school if they are receiving satisfactory instruction at home or elsewhere. This means that you are free to withdraw your child from the public school system provided you are committed to educating them at home or within the private school system.
As to the second point, having no say, a) this curriculum is being implemented by the Ontario Ministry of Education, a Ministry of the democratically elected Government of Ontario; and b) the process of creating this curriculum included consultation with 4,000 chairs of parent councils (i.e. parents who were democratically elected to chair parent councils in each of 4,000 schools across Ontario).
Myth #5
It's up to parents to teach their children these concepts, not the schools.
Key words/phrases:
"why aren't they teaching math," "what happened to the 3 Rs," "when did this become the school's responsibility," "underfunded and understaffed school," "these kids can't read or write but they know about sex," "this is the parent's job," "my child should learn about this from me."
Truth:
Sexual education has been taught in schools FOREVER. Seriously -- here's a direct quote from this 1950s sex-ed film: "You can cause an ejaculation by yourself too, by masturbating -- rubbing the penis. Sometimes you hear that masturbation affects your mind or your manhood. It isn't true. For kids your age, it's just something normal." We're talking Wally and the Beave here. This is nothing new. Depending on how old you are, it might have been putting condoms on bananas, or a filmstrip in a dark classroom. Maybe the boys and girls were split up, maybe they stayed together? But you learned it.
Very little has actually changed from the previous curriculum in terms of what is actually being taught. There have been major, necessary updates in keeping with law and technology -- changes to marriage equality, social media and digital safety. The main difference between this and the 1998 curriculum is that the 2015 curriculum includes much more detail. Where the 1998 curriculum provided broad topics and left it to the discretion of the individual teacher to interpret them, the 2015 curriculum actually makes it EASIER for parents to see and understand exactly what their children will be learning in school. By providing the detailed concepts and teaching prompts, the curriculum makes it clear what information teachers are expected to provide and makes the curriculum less susceptible to the teacher's intentional or unintentional biases.
The curriculum (both 2015 and 1998) also indicates that students should seek guidance from trusted adults in their lives, such as parents, doctors, elders, or religious leaders, when considering sexual choices, supporting the rights of parents to influence their children's values and beliefs when it comes to making decisions. Just as ever before, the 2015 curriculum provides the basic facts, at developmentally appropriate ages, leaving moral judgments at home.
I don't really know how many more ways I can say it. Educate yourself. Get the facts. Don't be influenced by hyperbole.
And then support the 2015 Ontario Health and Physical Education Curriculum.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST
BOSTON (CBS) — The NFL let the DeflateGate saga carry through the weekend, even dropping a juicy morsel of information/gossip late Friday afternoon for the world to feast on. None of this is an accident.
It's clear beyond a reasonable doubt — or, I should say, “it's more probable than not” — that above all else, the NFL lives for the soap opera. The folks who run the league know that the NFL is much, much bigger than any one player, owner or franchise. The NFL is a juggernaut, and while many have wondered how the league benefits by painting the Super Bowl MVP as “Mr. Cheat,” the reality is simple.
The league loves the drama.
No matter what the result of this ridiculous “DeflateGate” situation may be, the fact remains that:
A) We are all talking about the NFL in early May, when the NHL's and NBA's playoffs are cranked up and the MLB season is in full swing. Yet every sports radio show around the country is dedicated to the NFL. Phone lines are jammed. The topic dominates national conversation, generates countless headlines, and has yet again made the jump into the news networks. The NFL is very, very happy about this. (Plus, the league knows that air pressure in footballs is not actually cheating, so the level of taint they're throwing on the 2014 Patriots is just enough to make this a major story, but small enough to not actually affect the integrity of the game that everybody is so worried about.)
B) The cycle can live even longer. The NFL can issue a suspension to Brady, and Brady can then appeal it. That appeal will be heard, and then Brady can have his suspension taken away by an actual independent party. That means for the NFL's season opener on that Thursday night at Gillette, Tom Brady will be in uniform as the Patriots raise a banner. People won't have any choice but to watch. Rating records will be shattered. Win.
Whether Tom Brady comes out of this thing smelling like roses or wearing a proverbial orange jumpsuit, the folks running the league don't really care.
They just want to keep you tuned in and waiting for more. And they're pretty damn good at it.
With that established, let's tackle the one focal point that seems to be driving the most people to believe that Tom Brady is guilty as sin: The Great Cell Phone Refusal Of 2015.
This is the point of contention that many have said paints Brady as hiding evidence. Some people have even said “You know what? Forget the fact that there is no damning evidence on Brady. He ought to be suspended solely because he didn't give his phone to Ted Wells' investigation team.”
OK, well “people” in this instance refers to Peter King, who admittedly might be on his own planet with this one. But here's what he wrote: “I'd give Brady one game, two tops, for failing to turn over his cell phone and the evidence within. This is too important to rely on half-truths and maybes. Goodell, who I believe will come down harshly, can't listen to the noise. He has to listen to the truth, and the proof.”
This is, in a word, hysterical. I'd suspend this man from playing in the NFL because he didn't give up his cell phone. Half-truths and maybes are not enough to NOT suspend him, but half-truths and maybes are enough TO suspend him. Yes, this makes sense.
(King's assertion came after he proved fairly thoroughly that the NFL's evidence was flimsy at best. Classic.)
King is just the one example I use here, but there are hundreds of voices in the media making this same point.
So, does Brady's refusal to hand over his cell phone to investigators make him look guilty? Let's address that critical question.
1. Tom Brady is one of the most prominent members of the players' union.
This is an important fact because despite Roger Goodell's illusion, the NFL has no real power in these sham investigations. That means they can't subpoena anybody to testify or hand over evidence. Cooperation is entirely up to the people who are being accused.
Now, if you fail to cooperate, people (including the investigators) will assume you're guilty. It's quite the opposite of the way our criminal justice system works. So, Tom Brady, like the rest of the Patriots, cooperated. He sat with investigators for a full day and answered their questions.
But he did not hand his private phone over to Wells' team, and for that, people are quick to assign blame. They're forgetting the fact that Brady is one of the most famous athletes on the planet, and his wife is even more well-known around the globe. He's been pasted onto the front page of the New York tabloids with juvenile jokes about “balls” dozens of times since January, and that's without the world peeping his private text messages.
Some might still say, “Well, I'd give my phone over if I had nothing to hide.” But, well, the world doesn't so much care what Bill from accounting texts to his buddies on a Thursday night. It's a bit of a different situation for Tom Brady.
If you're a person of Brady's stature and you don't have to expose your private message to the world, you just aren't going to do it. For one, you don't have to, but secondly, you'd be setting a precedent for your fellow union members that you must hand over personal, private information when requested.
2. The texts from Richie Incognito in the previous Ted Wells-run report were awful.
Richie Incognito is a relative nobody. He's the type of guy you might see crushing fries and light beers at a Buffalo Wild Wings on a Tuesday afternoon. He handed his phone over because he was under attack for being a “bully” to another grown man, and his future employment prospects in the NFL depended on Wells clearing his name.
Here's how Incognito was rewarded for his cooperation. (The texts were much too vulgar to publish unedited, so I'll do my best to add some colorful [censored] words.)
“I'm going to shoot you and claim self defense … I'm white ur black I'll walk”
“I got the worst [sexual favor] ever!”
“Don't forget the cocaine too … No dude hookers u [homosexual slur] … Don't blame ur gay tendancies on [name redacted] … Stop it.”
“U good dude? Did u get some chick pregnant? I'll help u off her if that's the case”
“They are massive and fake. I love fake [ones] … Is it wrong that I want to get wasted again and talk to babes … Ur black and I hate u”
“That's the gayest [crap] I've ever heard. U really are a [homosexual slur]”
“Ur a [P-word] … [P-word]…[P-word]… [P-word] You're no longer my road dog”
That's just a sampling of the thousand or so text messages from Incognito to Jonathan Martin which were pasted on the Internet for all the world to see.
Granted, it is highly unlikely that Brady engages in text message conversations that are as ridiculous as Incognito's. But the tabloids would have a field day with anything Brady said to anybody. And given the ridiculous number of leaks that were coming out of the league office at that time — including Jim McNally's name and town of residence getting pasted all over ESPN.com in the midst of the investigation — there is nothing the NFL could have said to Brady to convince him that the private messages would actually be protected by the investigation team.
Brady's a generally private guy, and again, this was an investigation into the PSI of footballs used in a football game. So he kept that phone in his pocket.
3. All of Brady's communications with Jastremski also show up on Jastremski's phone, which the Wells team examined.
This is the most obvious point that has seemingly been glossed over by everybody. If Brady texted or called Jastremski, the investigators could see that via Jastremski's phone. And they did. So there's no need for any of Goodell's henchmen to snoop on Brady's texts to Gisele or anybody else for the sake of an investigation into air pressure in footballs.
4. When Robert Mueller investigated the NFL for its cover-up mishandling of the Ray Rice elevator video … league executives only turned over their company-issued cell phones.
This was pointed out to me by an astute reader on Twitter, and it checks out. You'll remember that last year, the NFL paid Robert Mueller to investigate the NFL, and Robert Mueller (surprise surprise) concluded that NFL hadn't really done anything wrong.
In the course of that investigation, Mueller needed some evidence. Here's an excerpt from Page 7 of the appendix of Mueller's report:
“We identified the most logical persons to have received and viewed the in-elevator video. We imaged each of their devices — their computers, as well as their League mobile phones and tablets, if they had one. … In total, we imaged 51 computers, 42 mobile devices or tablets, and two external storage devices.”
Page 47 of that report also makes the distinction that the investigation examined “League” mobile phones and devices. That excludes personal phones and devices.
Now, that same Twitter user noted that Tom Brady's cell phone, as listed in the Wells report, had a 917 area code, which would mean it was put into service in New York City.
New York City, as you might be aware, is not in Foxborough, Massachusetts. So the phone in question was more likely than not a personal phone of Brady.
So, when the NFL is under investigation, its executives need not turn over personal cell phones. But when a player is under investigation, he must relinquish his own privacy to satisfy the demands of those same executives, or else he will be considered guilty for not cooperating.
If it sounds like a double standard, and if it sounds like guilt is being cast on Tom Brady despite an obvious lack of evidence, that's because it's exactly what's taking place.
Read more from Michael Hurley by clicking here. You can email him or find him on Twitter @michaelFhurley.
"The platform calls for a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion, even in the case of rape and incest," noted CNN, which "sweeps beyond the stated positions" of the candidate.
That candidate, an antiabortion activist told CNN, "kind of has to reestablish contact with the conservative majority of his party." He added, "So, I think he's starting down that process now, and assuming that it continues that way for the rest of the convention, we're going to -- I think conservatives are going to be happy."
Advertisement:
It was 1992, and the candidate in question was President George H.W. Bush, who officially backed such exceptions. Back then, pro-choice Republicans, or moderate ones, weren't a wholly endangered species and were putting up a real fight from within. But over the years, the social conservative takeover has made that fight either futile or near-invisible, bringing us to today's GOP call for a Human Life Amendment in its forthcoming party platform. Once again, we have a presidential candidate whose fealty to the Christian right is still being questioned. Once again, the platform language has no exceptions for rape and incest, which is the current position professed by the Romney-Ryan campaign, notwithstanding how temporarily uncomfortable this widespread position has been made by Todd Akin.
Nor did much change between Bush I and Romney, in terms of the party platform on abortion or presidential candidates' acceptance of it. In 2000, for example, the AP reported that George W. Bush declined to reconcile the dissonance between his stated views and that of the platform: "Bush believes abortion should remain legal in cases of rape, incest or to save the life of the woman — exceptions not specified in the platform — but he chose not to challenge the party's social conservatives on the issue." There were still pro-choice Republicans putting up a fight at that point, but they were outvoted in their attempts to either take abortion out or note "recognition and respect" on both sides.
In 2008, McCain faced the same dilemma, but he also didn't bother to fight it. (Also, as Romney has with Ryan, McCain chose a running mate with a more consistent view on abortion rights than himself.) The New York Times noted back then that "McCain in fact did little to push for the exceptions, and told Glamour on July 30 that he had 'not gotten into the platform discussions.'”
Abortion planks in party platforms are not necessarily immutable things. In fact, that same year, Democrats removed the Clinton-era "safe, legal and rare" language on abortion, which many pro-choicers have pointed out stigmatizes women who need abortions. But for latter-day Republicans, abortion and the broader regulation of sexuality, including limiting access to contraception, have become such defining issues that they are basically untouchable.
Here is the language, according to CNN, that Republicans have just adopted: "Faithful to the 'self-evident' truths enshrined in the Declaration of Independence, we assert the sanctity of human life and affirm that the unborn child has a fundamental individual right to life which cannot be infringed. We support a human life amendment to the Constitution and endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment's protections apply to unborn children."
There's been some talk that this represents a wholesale adoption of "personhood" language -- meaning an obsession with an unimplanted fertilized egg that would carry such a ban over to hormonal birth control and the IUD -- but the language is vague, probably intentionally so. Over the past 40 years, the label "Human Life Amendment" has been slapped on some pretty disparate language introduced in Congress, from “A right to abortion is not secured by this Constitution. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to restrict and prohibit abortions," to a more expansive version stipulating that "abortion means the intentional destruction of unborn human life, which life begins at the moment of fertilization."
Advertisement:
The fact that Republicans are no longer even struggling over this point, except for maybe in how far they want to go in defining birth control or fertility treatments as abortion, shows how complete the social conservative takeover has been. Back in 2000, Phyllis Schlafly said of pro-choice Republican activists, ''They're losers." She's right. She won.
The guys at PCWorld posted an article on the Radeon Vega Frontier Edition (air-cooled) vs Nvidia Titan Xp. They focus on two compute-heavy tests, SPECViewPerf 12.1 and Cinebench R15 (OpenGL) Vega seems to outperform the TITAN Xp.
The tests are very limited as they seem to be restricted in what they are allowed to post, but PC World states on the Vega card's gaming performance that the Radeon Pro Vega Frontier Edition offers gaming performance that is faster than NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 1080, but slightly slower than its GTX 1080 Ti graphics card. The two below screenshots show some performance of SPECViewPerf 12.1 and and the OpenGL test of Cinebench R15 compared to a Titan Xp.
They did test the Vega Frontier Edition and TITAN Xp in "Doom" with the Vulkan API, then "Prey" with DirectX 11, and also "Sniper Elite 4" with DirectX 12. These are all AMD titles btw. Although they were allowed to play Doom, Prey and Sniper Elite 4 unfortunately no detailed performance numbers were revealed.
PCWorld states:
While AMD didn't want to reveal any gaming performance, it agreed to give us a taste of how Radeon Vega Frontier Edition performs in gaming. So we switched out the 8K Dell panel for a pair of Acer 34-inch, wide-aspect 3440×1440 panels, and AMD let us play games on both the Titan Xp and the Radeon Vega Frontier Edition. To show it wasn't just an API advantage, AMD let us play Doom using Vulkan, Prey using DirectX 11, and Sniper Elite 4 using DirectX 12. All of the games were set to their highest game settings, and we played at the native resolution of the panels. Although the identical panels were FreeSync-based, FreeSync was switched off on the AMD GPU. [cut …] From what we've seen, that concern may be misplaced. It appears to be plenty fast and, at least for the settings and the games we played, indistinguishable from the competition. Our original estimates after seeing Radeon Vega Frontier Edition with Sniper Elite 4 at Computex still hold: The cards appears to be faster than Nvidia's GTX 1080 and close to that of a GTX 1080 Ti card.
Synthetic benchmarks did well and they are at 15 to 50% higher perf copmpared to the TITAN Xp:
In the given time we had to run the tests, we saw the Frontier Edition outscore the Titan Xp by 28 percent in Catia and Creo to 50 percent in SolidWorks. We also ran Maxon's Cinebench, a popular OpenGL benchmark, in which the Frontier Edition was about 14 percent faster. The numbers echo what we already knew about the Frontier Edition, but this time we could see the performance demonstrations live.
To celebrate the milestone, the UK company has launched what it refers to as "the perfect bundle." The official Raspberry Pi Starter Kit contains a Raspberry Pi 3, an 8GB SD card with the NOOBs operating system preloaded, an official Kinneir Dufort case, a 2.5 amp power supply, a one meter HDMI cable and bundled mouse and keyboard. However, given its £99 price tag, this "premium" product probably won't eat into the revenues of third-party resellers like Pimoroni that have created their own bundles.
Currently, the Raspberry Pi Starter Kit is only available in the UK but the Foundation says sales will expand to the rest of the world in the coming weeks. "Thanks to you, we've beaten our wildest dreams by three orders of magnitude," says Upton. "And we're only just getting started."
A reanalysis of U.S. temperature station data shows temperatures are rising only half as much as claimed by the U.S. Historical Climatology Network (USHCN) and other government overseers of temperature data. The reanalysis is the first using the Siting Classification System devised by the MATEO-France French national meteorological service and recently approved by the World Meteorological Organization.
The new analysis, conducted by a team of scientists led by temperature station expert Anthony Watts, shows government overseers are improperly reporting double the temperature increase that is occurring in the real world. Fully 92 percent of the overstated temperature rise results from erroneous and scientifically unjustified government “adjustments” to the raw temperature data.
The new analysis shows U.S. temperatures rose only 0.155 degrees Celsius per decade from 1979 through 2008 according to high-quality surface temperature stations. The 0.155 degree increase is substantially less than is claimed by government temperature overseers, and it is sufficiently moderate to rebut fears of an imminent global warming crisis. The U.S. temperature increase from 1979 through 2008 is even less worrisome when considering that temperatures over the oceans are warming at a slower pace than temperatures over land, and that global temperatures cooled during the 30 years prior to 1979.
The authors note global temperature trends are unlikely to be substantially different from the U.S. temperature trends analyzed in their new analysis.
Lead author Anthony Watts explained how government overseers overlook meaningful siting problems that add fictitious warming to the raw data.
“The USHCN is one of the main metrics used to gauge the temperature changes in the United States,” wrote Watts in a press release announcing the findings. “The first wide-scale effort to address siting issues, Watts, (2009), a collated photographic survey, showed that approximately 90% of USHCN stations were compromised by encroachment of urbanity in the form of heat sinks and sources, such as concrete, asphalt, air conditioning system heat exchangers, roadways, airport tarmac, and other issues. This finding was backed up by an August 2011 U.S. General Accounting Office investigation and report titled: Climate Monitoring: NOAA Can Improve Management of the U.S. Historical Climatology Network.”
The authors also explain how government overseers' improper manipulation of the raw temperature data manufactures fictitious warming. According to the authors:
Statistically significant differences exist between well-sited temperature stations and stations whose temperature data is influenced by encroaching urbanization, poor siting locations, and changes in nearby surface conditions that affect temperature readings.
Government overseers of the raw data improperly adjust temperatures from poorly sited stations upward, and then add similar nonexistent warming to temperature data from well-sited stations.
After government overseers improperly adjust the temperature readings from well-sited stations, they report three times as much warming from those stations as the raw data indicate.
Urban temperature stations report more warming than semi-urban stations, which in turn report more warming than rural stations. These findings support skeptics' claims that the urban heat island effect is substantially responsible for reports of rising temperatures.
The new paper throws cold water on this week's sensationalist media coverage of claims by Cal-Berkeley professor Richard Muller that his research confirms United Nations temperature reports. Muller, who embarrassingly seeks media coverage by claiming to be a long-time global warming skeptic when in fact he has been pushing the myth of a global warming crisis for at least the past decade, bases his conclusions on the government-adjusted temperature reports that are debunked in the Watts paper.
WOOTTON BASSETT, England — If you have recently taken a short position on Britain's continued participation in the Afghanistan War, it would seem you made the right play.
Three weeks ago British Prime Minister David Cameron made clear he wanted all British troops home by 2015. At the start of this week Britain's Defense Secretary Liam Fox said 2014. Following his meeting Tuesday with President Barack Obama, 2011 is the new target date to begin withdrawal.
Those discussions hovered in the air yesterday in Wootton Bassett, the ancient market town next to RAF Lyneham airbase in Wiltshire. Bodies of fallen British servicemen are "repatriated" to Lyneham and then their corteges must pass through Wootton Bassett on their way to wherever their final resting place may be.
Over the last few years the people of the town have created a ceremony to honor the dead as they pass by. On Tuesday, as Cameron was preparing to meet Obama, and Britain's Foreign Secretary William Hague was in Kabul with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton creating the fig leaf that would allow withdrawal from Afghanistan, four bodies were repatriated.
The talks in Kabul were about preparing Afghans to take over responsibility for national security from British and American troops (yes, other NATO nations provide soldiers but let's get real here, we are basically speaking of an American and British venture when we talk about Afghanistan).
Three of the dead passing through Wootton Bassett were murdered in their sleep by an Afghan army trainee — in theory, one of those to whom security is supposed to take over in 2011 or 2012 or 2014.
These bitter ironies were being put to one side by the veterans who started gathering around noon near the War Memorial on the small town's single main street. The ceremonies have become famous and for a first time visitor to Wootton Bassett the experience was different than you might imagine.
You expect the crowd to be mostly elderly members of the Royal British Legion, the main veteran's group in this country. And there were plenty of elderly chaps dressed in wool blazers and regimental ties, hair brylcreme'd into place in defiance of the summer heat and humidity. But there were women in saris — a Ghurka soldier was among the dead — and a goodly number of men in the distinctive Ghurka hat, with its slightly turned-up front brim. There were young people with no connection to the armed services and at least one British Muslim preparing to pay their respects.
Most distinctive of all were the 30-odd gray-haired bikers in leather, lounging about their beasts — 1200 cc was about the smallest — who turned out not to be patriotic private citizens but rather members of the Royal British Legion Riders Branch. Their leader, "Big Steve" Blundell is one of the marshall's of these events.
It is an interesting sight, watching the burly man with gray hair to his shoulders, lengthy chin whiskers braided like a pharaoh, wearing a vest with a patch that reads "Caution does not play well with others," solicitously looking after the mourning families, ushering them into the Cross Keys pub to wait for the hearses to come by.
I asked Blundell about the irony overhanging the day, that even as the veterans and townspeople prepare to pay tribute the deals were being negotiated in Kabul and Washington that would lead to a British withdrawal, with many of the nominal objectives of the war unmet.
"Most of us don't have an opinion about politics," he said, nodding over the road to where his comrades were lounging about in the sun. "We do this to be patriotic."
He admits that the publicity that attends these ceremonies is another reason he and his fellow bikers attend. "Vietnam. Vietnam was swept under the carpet. The press and public didn't want to know. The public showed no support. That was detrimental to the guys fighting. That won't happen to us."
Pressed on the idea that somehow what the politicians were doing made going into battle more difficult for British troops in country, Hubbell, a veteran of the Falklands and four tours of duty in Northern Ireland said that whatever the politicians do won't affect the men in the field. "That's what you join the force for ... to fight. You want to be a cook, you don't join the army to be a cook. You want a job that doesn't involve getting shot at, work in a warehouse."
Following his meetings with Obama, Cameron told the BBC that British troops could begin withdrawal as early as next year, conditions on the ground permitting.
"I mean, the faster we can transition districts and provinces to Afghan control, clearly the faster that some forces can be brought home. I don't want to raise expectations about that because that transition should be based on how well the security situation is progressing," Cameron said. He added: "People in Britain should understand we're not going to be there in five years' time, in 2015, with combat troops or large numbers because I think it's important to give people an end date by which we won't be continuing in that way."
Across the road from where Steve Hubbell was looking after the bereaved, his comrades were a little more willing to allow politics into the days' solemnity, even if, as Andy Rathbone began, "We're not here for the politics."
He paused and then bit out: "Despite INCONTROVERTIBLE evidence they will be pulling out, the guys are doing their jobs to the best of their ability and making the ultimate sacrifice."
His buddy Andy Sleep added: "I never and will never follow politics. You know and I know the politicians get us embroiled in things we shouldn't be embroiled in. They should have gone a diplomatic route first."
Now the politicians are stuck trying to find a way out of the mess, but they have to be careful how they do it, according to Sleep, "otherwise 324 guys [current British death toll] have died for nothing."
At about the same time the crowd in Wootton Bassett was swelling to more than a thousand, in Kabul, Hague — the British Foreign Secretary — and Clinton were reaching an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai to channel 50 percent of foreign aid through his government, up from the current 20 percent. They also, in the words of the final communique, expressed "support for the president of Afghanistan's objective that the Afghan national security forces should lead and conduct military operations in all provinces by the end of 2014."
Karzai said a review of the security situation in all 34 of Afghanistan's provinces would be undertaken and in some places Afghan security forces might take over as soon as next year. That seems to be fine with all the NATO nations who have troops around the country.
Hague told the BBC: "It's a very mixed picture and I don't want to be starry-eyed about it in any way, but there are many areas where things have improved."
Improved security = withdrawal. The task for Cameron and Hague and Obama and Clinton now shifts to creating a rationale for withdrawal that sells their own people the idea that their soldiers have not died in vain.
Around 2:20 p.m. the bell of St. Batholomew's church began tolling at a mournful rate. Big Steve Blundell made a final check on the grieving families, handing out tissues, whispering a quick word of encouragement. By 2:30 the silence was total. There wasn't even a breeze to flutter the ear drums.
An elderly voice called out to the octogenarian Royal British Legion color guard to present their flags, then dip them to the ground. Then a minute later, a quiet rumble of police motorcycles moving slowly, a police car and then, an undertaker in top hat and tails, holding a staff, led the four black hearses each containing a coffin past the crowd. The vehicles stopped and the various family groups placed flowers on cars. The only sound was the shuffling of footsteps to and from the vehicles and the strained attempts to choke back sobs. Men occasionally looked skyward hoping to let gravity roll the stinging salt back into their brimming eyes.
A very long minute of silence — more like four, one for each body — followed. Then the color sergeant barked out to the elderly guard of honor to stand down. The hearses resumed their journeys and the crowd moved on.
OK – I am peeved; the Daily Mail has it, the NY Daily News has it, and several blogs have it. Adriana found it yesterday, pointed me at it, and I was horrified when I worked it out.
“It” is Tynt Tracer, and it's the biggest piece of evil to infest blogs since Snap.COM.
The way it presents to the user is very simple:
Go to a page, eg: the NY Daily News article.
Highlight a paragraph
Copy the Paragraph
Paste the paragraph into something else, eg: a Text Editor or blogpost creation window.
You will see something like this:
A shotgun-wielding owner of a Harlem restaurant-supply company blasted two robbers to death and wounded two others on Thursday when he caught them pistol-whipping his employee, police said. Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/ny_crime/2009/08/13/2009-08-13_harlem_biz_owner.html#ixzz0OEsFnn4x
See that “read more” bit? You didn't copy that. It wasn't on the page you copied. It was inserted into your cut-buffer by Tynt Tracer, a bit of javascript which logs what you are copying at a central site and then inserts a URL into your cut buffer, for convenience tagged with a token that (approximately) highlights the section in the original page when someone else clicks the link.
Also: what you copy gets put on the Tynt home page as an advert / for hype purposes.
I am not a great JS guru, but a quick scan of the source code (http://tcr.tynt.com/javascripts/Tracer.js) shows some interesting snippets:
TraceServer.WRITE_URL="http://w1.tcr1.tynt.com";
TraceServer.READ_URL="http://r1.tcr1.tynt.com";
TraceServer.PAGE_TRACKER_URL="http://p1.tcr1.tynt.com";
var COPY_WITH_ATTRIBUTION=0,COPY_WITH_NO_ATTRIBUTION=1,SELECTION=2,IMAGE=3;
var MINIMUM_WORDS_FOR_COPY_WITH_ATTRIBUTION=7;
var MINIMUM_CHARACTERS_FOR_COPY_WITH_ATTRIBUTION=14;
var GENERATED_FROM_TRACE=1,GENERATED_FROM_ADDRESS_BAR=2,GENERATED_FROM_TYNT_COM=3;
var firstAction=1;
var firstCopy=2;
…
var sponsorText="Sponsored by: ";
var attribution2StaticText="Under Creative Commons License: ";
var attribution2Types=["","Attribution","Attribution Share Alike","Attribution No Derivatives","Attribution Non-Commercial","Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike","Attribution Non-Commercial No Derivatives"];
var licenseUrl=["","http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0","http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0","http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0","http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0","http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0","http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0"];
…
if(sponsor!=0){
W=W+"
<br>"+sponsorText+' <a href="http://tcr'+sValue+".tynt.com/ads/"+encodeURIComponent(sponsor)+"/"+userId+"/"+guid+'">'+decodeURIComponent(sponsor)+"</a>";
}
…
var tracerBlocked=function(){
if(/disableTracer=/.test(window.location.href)){
var B=window.location.href.match(/disableTracer=([^?$]*)/)[1];
var A=new Date();
A.setDate((B&&B=="on")?(A.getDate()+365):(A.getDate()-2));
writeTopLevelCookie("disableTracer="+userId+";
expires="+A.toUTCString());
document.body.innerHTML='<br><br><br><span style="font-size: 32px;">Tracer has been turned '+((B&&B=="on")?"off":"on")+" in this browser.<br>You may close this window.</span>";
return true;
}
It seems everything goes through central servers at Tynt.com; there is (sigh) apparently some way of electively turning it off, and there seems to be some notion of putting sponsorship information into the text at later date. I am guessing that the cc-license stuff is to do with marking copied text as licensed in some way?
There's not much critical discussion out there at the moment http://www.ericlander.com/324.html seems to be “it”; Eric's posting is from September last year, so I am wondering why it's taken so long to go mainstream? That said, discussion from last year seems to have a different bent, which may help explain the delay:
http://www.techvibes.com/blog/ready-set.-tynt […] In essence, Tynt allows you to share your thoughts/perceptions/highlights with your closest friends. And, in that thought, lies the power of Tynt. In this wired world of expanding and limitless information, we rely more and more on people we know and trust to give us the straight dope. We pay attention to recommendations and thoughts from our friends. For those that have read “The Tipping Point,” Tynt is evangelism on steroids. For example, Guy Kawasaki, noted technology evangelist, Twitters to 18,000 followers. Guy is going to start using Tynt to put some thoughts on a web page and then send out a tweet with a link to his Tynt. That's part of Tynt's release yesterday; Tynt for Twitter … Tynt gives Twitter context. Another big name that's going to start using Tynt for Twitter is Mark Silva from Realbranding.com. Think of the power of Tynt for social networks, where you already connect with many of your friends … being able to give each other context with your surfing would be, like, way awesome (Or, maybe you just want to put funny glasses and a bowtie on your buddy's Facebook page picture for giggles). Tynt for bloggers (yes, you'll see Tynt's in my future blogs). For people doing market and industry research. Digg users could really use Tynt. Google's new Chrome browser's weak bookmarking could adopt Tynt for contextual bookmarks. Communication from a corporate website to a surfer is usually controlled and one-way. You read the words that the marketer or the public relations person want you to read. Now all that stuff you find in blogs, forums and communities about a company can be read directly on the website, in the context it's meant to be in. Click here to see what I think of the Canon FS 100 Camcorder: http://www.usa.canon.com.tynted.net/consumer/controller?act=ModelInfoAct&fcategoryid=2544&modelid=16185 (if that doesn't make CMO's shake in their boots, I don't know what will!) Tynt is officially in public Beta as Derek and his team continue to press forward on this groundbreaking technology. There are still some glitches, for sure (especially on my Mac Firefox browser), and I can imagine they're going to have some scaling issues as they become more popular, but it's already a great “Wow” experience. Tynt comes as a browser plug-in, or as a web browser app … to find out more, check out their blog: http://tynt.wordpress.com/.
…which makes it sound like a technology in search of a problem to solve: in a year it has gone from “letting users mark up pages”, to “what's being copied from your site?”
Plus “Tynt gives Twitter, context!” – who would have thought it needed “context” to be successful?
In any case – I leave this open for your comments, analyses and discussion; I for one do not like the “Read more:…” markup, I don't like waiting for Tynt to book-in my copy actions, I don't like them, measuring how many people click on links that I tweet and mail (“influence marketing”, anyone?) and I don't like the intrusion.
As soon as I can, I am blocking them.
The release of documents shedding more light on connections between the Clinton Foundation and the Hillary Clinton-led State Department has touched off a new political firestorm only weeks before voters begin heading to the polls in the 2016 election.
Republican nominee Donald Trump — himself a foundation donor — has called for a special prosecutor to investigate the foundation, and Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, has said the new disclosures are “evidence of the pay-to-play politics.” By contrast, the Clinton campaign has argued that there is no proof of any quid pro quo — a message echoed by her supporters in the pundit world.
As the rhetoric about the Clintons' public and private financial dealings intensifies, here is a brief review of the major investigative reporting that has been done about the Clinton Foundation.
Arms exports: Last year, an International Business Times series documented the ways in which many major foreign governments that had donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up receiving a boost in arms export authorizations from the Clinton-led State Department. Federal law explicitly designates the secretary of state as “responsible for the continuous supervision and general direction of sales” of arms, and the State Department itself says it “is responsible for managing all government-to-government transfers of military equipment to other countries.” Early in her term, the State Department called one arms deal for a Clinton Foundation donor, Saudi Arabia, a “top priority” for Clinton.
Many of the donor countries that benefited were those that the State Department criticized on human rights grounds, including Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. Some of the same countries received boosts in arms classified as “toxicological agents” as they worked to crush pro-democracy protests during the Arab Spring uprisings.
Donor access: The Associated Press on Tuesday reported that a review of calendar items shows “more than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state gave money — either personally or through companies or groups — to the Clinton Foundation.” Those 85 donors — which did not include foreign government contributors — gave up to $156 million, according to the news service. The AP story followed the release of emails this week that appeared to show Clinton Foundation officials working with State Department officials to broker meetings between foundation donors and Hillary Clinton. It also followed an ABC News report on a Clinton Foundation donor being appointed by the State Department to an intelligence advisory panel “even though he had no obvious experience in the field.”
Business dealings: In May, the Wall Street Journal reported that the Clinton Foundation “set up a financial commitment that benefited a for-profit company part-owned by people with ties to the Clintons.” The newspaper noted that former President Bill Clinton “personally endorsed the company, Energy Pioneer Solutions Inc., to then-Energy Secretary Steven Chu for a federal grant that year” — and that the company ultimately received an $812,000 grant. While the Clinton Foundation openly works with corporations and governments on its philanthropic projects, the Journal notes that “under federal law, tax-exempt charitable organizations aren't supposed to act in anyone's private interest but instead in the public interest.”
Promoting corporate donors: In 2015, IBT reported that while Clinton Foundation donor Cisco faced criticism over its work with China's autocratic government, Clinton's State Department honored the company for “outstanding corporate citizenship, innovation and democratic principles.” Her department also delivered government contracts to the company. The Washington Post in 2014 reported that in 2010, Clinton pushed Russia to approve a $3.7 billion purchase from Boeing. Two months after the deal was solidified, reported the newspaper, Boeing announced a $900,000 contribution to the Clinton Foundation.
Uranium: In a 2015 investigative report, the New York Times reported that as Russia's atomic energy agency assumed control of a multinational uranium mining conglomerate, “a flow of cash made its way to the Clinton Foundation” from investors with a stake in the deal. The sale of the company “gave the Russians control of one-fifth of all uranium production capacity in the United States.” The paper noted that the Clinton-led State Department was one of the U.S. agencies that signed off on the transaction.
Oil: A 2016 IBT report found that the State Department approved a permit for a major U.S.-Canadian oil pipeline that environmental groups have criticized. In the lead up to the approval, federal records showed that Chevron and ConocoPhilips lobbied the State Department on the issue of “oil sands,” as did a trade association linked to ExxonMobil. That trio of oil conglomerates have delivered between between $2.5 million and $3 million to the Clinton Foundation.
Lobbying: A 2015 analysis by Vox found that “at least 181 companies, individuals, and foreign governments that have given to the Clinton Foundation also lobbied the State Department when Hillary Clinton ran the place.” IBT reported that Bill Clinton was paid more than $2.5 million by firms that were lobbying Hillary Clinton's department.
Colombia: A 2015 IBT investigative report found that as a Clinton Foundation-linked project accepted contributions from a Colombian oil firm and its founder, Hillary Clinton did not respond to calls for her State Department to use its power to combat alleged labor abuses at the company. Clinton also switched her position to support the U.S.-Colombia Free Trade Agreement, actively pushing Congress to ratify a pact she had previously pledged to oppose.
Banking: In 2015, the Wall Street Journal reported that in “an unusual intervention” by a top U.S. diplomat, Secretary of State Clinton announced a legal settlement that allowed the Swiss financial behemoth UBS to turn over far fewer tax documents than were sought by the IRS in its probe of the bank. “From that point on, UBS's engagement with the Clinton family's charitable organization increased,” reported the Journal. “Total donations by UBS to the Clinton Foundation grew from less than $60,000 through 2008 to a cumulative total of about $600,000 by the end of 2014... The bank also joined the Clinton Foundation to launch entrepreneurship and inner-city loan programs, through which it lent $32 million. And it paid former president Bill Clinton $1.5 million.”
During the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton's campaign has said that “when Wall Street executives commit criminal wrongdoing, they deserve to face criminal prosecution.” An IBT analysis found that the Clinton Foundation has accepted $5 million worth of donations from at least nine financial institutions that reached settlement agreements with the Justice Department that required them to pay big fines but let them avoid prosecution.
Coal: The Intercept reported this week that in an email exchange, a Clinton Foundation donor hired as a political consultant for Peabody Energy made an effort to secure a meeting between Hillary Clinton and executives at the coal company. The correspondence was initiated by Joyce Aboussie — who gave the Clinton Foundation between $100,000 and $250,000 and worked for the lobbying firm of former House Democratic Leader Dick Gephardt. In the email, Aboussie said “It should go without saying that the Peabody folks came to Dick and me because of our relationship with the Clinton's.”
Morocco: In May of 2015, Politico, ABC News and Yahoo reported that Morocco's state-owned phosphate company OCP donated $1 million to the Clinton Foundation for a conference in Marrakech. The Politico story said “Hillary Clinton's relationship with Morocco's government was pivotal” in brokering the meeting and noted that “not long after stepping down in 2013, Clinton joined her family foundation's board, and that same year OCP donated between $1 million and $5 million to the philanthropy.” Politico also noted that prior to the donations, “as protests raged on Moroccan streets, Hillary Clinton in a joint 2011 appearance with Morocco's foreign minister praised the king for introducing constitutional reforms and said his country was ‘well-positioned to lead in this area because it is on the road to achieving democratic change.'” Additionally, Politico reported, in 2012 “even as the State Department continued to include Morocco in human rights reports and to flag concerns about government corruption, Clinton launched an ongoing U.S.-Morocco strategic dialogue, praising the country as “a leader and a model.”
Algeria: A 2015 Washington Post investigation found that the Clinton Foundation accepted $500,000 from the Algerian government at a time when that country “was spending heavily to lobby the State Department on human rights issues.” The Post reported that Clinton Foundation “officials acknowledged they should have sought approval in 2010 from the State Department ethics office, as required by the agreement for new government donors, before accepting” the money, which was earmarked for Haiti earthquake relief.
The global response to the Ebola crisis in Sierra Leone helped avert 40,000 deaths but if aid had been offered sooner, thousands more lives there might have been saved, say researchers.
Britain's donations of more than £100m in the summer of 2014 helped to set up nearly 3,000 hospital beds.
This vital provision, researchers estimate, prevented 56,000 Ebola cases.
But a further 12,500 cases could have been averted if the beds been available even a month earlier, they calculate.
The UK government insists that it did act swiftly and says the international community as a whole could have done more.
It's not the first time the government's response to Ebola has come under scrutiny.
In February, the Public Accounts Committee said funds had not been released quickly enough to deal with the crisis.
In the months following the Ebola outbreak, the World Health Organization was also heavily criticised for being slow to act.
Care and quarantine
The work from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, published in the journal PNAS, details how much of an impact a delay in international aid may have had.
Researchers used a mathematical model to estimate how many cases of Ebola were averted thanks to foreign aid efforts that set up treatment centres where patients with the infectious virus could be quarantined and cared for.
Image caption A treatment centre in Kerry Town, Sierra Leone
From September 2014 onwards, more than 2,700 treatment beds were introduced in Ebola holding centres, community care centres and treatment units to support the overwhelmed health system in Sierra Leone.
The researchers calculate that these beds prevented some 56,600 cases of Ebola.
Had they been installed a month earlier, tens of thousands more would have been avoided.
With Ebola killing more than half of those it infects, thousands more lives would also have been saved.
Ebola
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is the world's deadliest to date.
The three West African countries at the heart of the Ebola epidemic have recorded their first week with no new cases since the outbreak began in March 2014.
But experts agree there is no room for complacency - experience shows that the disease could easily break out again.
To date, the UK has committed £427m to defeating Ebola.
A spokeswoman for the Department for International Development said: "Britain has been at the forefront of the international response to Ebola in Sierra Leone.
"By deploying NHS medics and military personnel and building treatment centres across the country, our swift action helped save countless lives and contain the spread of the disease."
Our cultural phobia of bacteria in the 1990s turned out to be a bit of a bad idea. Turns out, bacteria (and lets not forget: fungi!) are pretty important. Besides the benefits for health, scientists believe that microbes tell us a lot more about wine than we ever thought.
Are Bacteria What Makes “Terroir” in Wine?
The types of bacteria and fungi present in Chardonnay grapes from different regions in California. by Bokulich et al.
Much like a forensics team can analyze microbes on evidence to connect it to a site, scientists at UC Davis have been studying microbes in vineyard sites and in wines. They've been able to prove a clear existence of a unique biogeographic fingerprint based on the types and amounts of fungi and bacteria present in grape must (must = mushed up grapes).
What does this mean?
It means that every wine has unique biological indicator of where it's from and even what year it was made. While the study hasn't yet connected how these microbial differences may link to sensory qualities (e.g. how the wine tastes), they will continue to experiment, looking for correlations.
An analysis of the differences in microbial communities on Cabernet Sauvignon, Zinfandel and Chardonnay from the same site. Bokulich et al.
Why this is a big deal
Before this study, experts thought that soil type was the defining feature to why wines have so much regional variation. However, much of the research to support this theory has shown many dead-ends. This study opens up a new realm of possibilities that may help answer the ages-old question: “What is terroir in wine?”
a new realm of possibilities that may help answer
the ages-old question: “What is terroir in wine?”
The study will have several other potential applications that could also improve wine quality. For example, studying microbiology could help identify possible vineyard sites or even be used as a criterion to define a new viticultural area. On the agricultural side, scientists could use this information to create predictive models to help produce higher quality wine consistently year-after-year.
Wine + Science is Awesome
The more we learn and understand wine, the more we end up learning and discovering about ourselves. Many thanks to Nicholas Bokulich, David Mills, and the other researchers on this project.
Source
Microbial biogeography of wine grapes is conditioned by cultivar, vintage, and climate
New research has offered some additional information on why the passenger pigeon went extinct over a century ago, not long after it was considered North America's most common bird.
In the 19th century, passenger pigeons were a ubiquitous presence in North America, with its numbers estimated at around 5 billion, and flocks even being capable of reaching 300 miles long and darkening the daytime sky. According to the Daily Mail, an increase in hunting activity was blamed for the species' drastic decline throughout the 1800s, and it didn't take long for the last of its kind to die alone in captivity. The last known surviving passenger pigeon, a female bird named Martha, died at the Cincinnati Zoo in 1914.
Currently, Martha remains preserved at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, where she remains an ostensible reminder of how excessive hunting could kill off even the most common of species. But a team of scientists believes that there are other explanations as to why passenger pigeons went extinct, as DNA analysis tells an interesting supporting story of how the birds' numbers went from 5 billion to zero at such a rapid pace.
“We were hoping that we could get to the bottom of why they went extinct so quickly — why it was that this giant population of birds suddenly became extinct, entirely extinct, over the course of just a couple of decades,” said researcher Beth Shapiro of the University of California, Santa Cruz.
According to NPR, Shapiro and her colleagues were able to gain insights on why passenger pigeons went extinct by asking museum curators to let them take tissue samples from the preserved birds in their collections. By analyzing a small piece of skin from the bottom of one of the birds' toes, the researchers generated a complete genome sequence from several different passenger pigeons. They then compared their DNA to that of the band-tailed pigeon, a species mainly found across North America's west coast and considered to be the passenger pigeon's closest living relative.
null
As Shapiro explained, population size is the main difference between passenger pigeons and band-tailed pigeons. That allowed her team to investigate the evolutionary implications of extremely large populations, considering that band-tailed pigeons live in considerably smaller groups.
After analyzing the nuclear DNA of four specimens and the mitochondrial DNA of 41 others, the researchers concluded that natural selection might have played a role in the passenger pigeon's extinction, with the birds well-adjusted to living in large populations, but not in situations where their numbers are much smaller. At the same time, the scientists observed a low level of “neutral” genetic mutations they could have helped the passenger pigeon survive in the long term, giving it a form of insurance in the event of a changing ecosystem, the Washington Post wrote.
“It's known that they collaborated in finding food, and they also collaborated in rearing young,” study lead author Gemma Murray, also from the University of California, Santa Cruz, explained.
“And so these sorts of behaviors are the sorts of things which might work really well when your population size is large and dense. But when hunting had a big impact on their population, and their numbers went down hugely in the 19th century, maybe those things didn't work anymore.”
The UCSC study also suggested that passenger pigeon populations were quite large and stable until the time that people started hunting the birds in the 19th century. This countered an earlier paper that suggested the species' population fluctuated, thus making passenger pigeons more susceptible to a hunting-related extinction.
Although the new research doesn't dispute the existing theories of why passenger pigeons went extinct, the findings may be instrumental in aiding modern-day conservation efforts, according to Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History curator of birds Helen James, who was not involved in the study. Speaking to NPR, James said that changes to the ecosystem could also affect abundant species, as this could lead to their “sudden disappearance,” and a ripple effect that could jeopardize other species as well.
[Featured Image by Susan Walsh/AP Images]
