poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201608/2513/1155968404_5086969111001_5086953522001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Kristol: 'The problem is Donald Trump'
Donald Trump's campaign reset will not amount to much, longtime critic Bill Kristol predicted Wednesday.
The Republican nominee announced early Wednesday morning that he is bringing on Breitbart executive Stephen K. Bannon as campaign CEO and promoting chief pollster Kellyanne Conway to the role of campaign manager. While campaign chairman Paul Manafort will retain his title, the moves signify a shakeup amid Trump's tanking poll numbers and a series of stories reporting on Manafort's cozy ties with pro-Russian politicians and oligarchs in Ukraine.
Story Continued Below
"I don't think it matters because the problem is Donald Trump. You know, his unfavorable rating has been consistently too high to win a presidential election. Hillary Clinton's, you would normally say is too high, but it's about 10 points lower than Trump's. And that's what it's about," the Weekly Standard editor said during a discussion on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."
Even so, Kristol said "yes" when asked whether he still believed Trump could defeat Hillary Clinton in the general election.
"Yeah. I think it's an unusual and fluid year and more stuff could come out about Hillary Clinton," Kristol said, pointing to 2016 as a "change election."
In a more normal cycle where the prospective election of a candidate like Clinton would mean the third consecutive term for a political party, combined with her low approval numbers, Republicans should be "up a couple points," Kristol said.
"And he's losing by 10," he added. "That's all about Trump."
Animals don't have sleeping masks or soothing prerecorded sounds to help them get the sleep they need, so they have to make do with what nature and their bodies allow. Consequently, many have found some incredible ways to get their much-needed rest.
1. DOLPHINS
iStock
Dolphins are amazing creatures, and while they are usually noted for their adorableness, wits and/or disturbing sexual aggression, their sleeping habits are worth mentioning too. They can enter into periods of very deep sleep referred to as "logging" because while in it, a dolphin looks like a log floating at the surface of the water. Crazier still, the bottlenose dolphin readies itself for slumber by literally shutting down half of its brain, as well as the eye opposite the powered-down hemisphere. The other half of the brain (and opposite eye) stays turned on to watch out for whatever might come along, whether be it other dolphins or predators. It also tells the dolphin when to come up for air. After two hours or so, the sides switch, so both eyes and brain hemispheres get their due rest. This process isn't unique to dolphins, as fruit bats, porpoises, iguanas, seals, birds, and ducks do it too.
2. SPERM WHALES
iStock
In 2008, researchers happened upon a group of sleeping sperm whales bobbing vertically in the water off the coast of northern Chile. The sight alone was amazing, but then things got strange. These whales, which were thought to only allow one side of their brain to rest at a time, like dolphins and some other whales, didn't seem to notice the approaching vessel. It wasn't until one of the cetaceans was accidentally nudged that the group woke up and fled. Through this discovery, researchers learned that sperm whales sleep differently from their relatives—in short, regular periods of full sleep near the surface. They don't breathe or move during their naps, and if this is the only kind of sleep they get (it's unclear whether they also engage in half-brain sleep), the relatively short amount of cumulative slumber might make them the least sleep-dependent of all mammals.
3. GIRAFFES
iStock
Giraffes don't rest much longer than sperm whales do. They sleep about 20 minutes a day in order to avoid predators. Being such a tall, lanky beast also makes it difficult to catch some quick z's, but when they do curl up for some rest, it's pretty adorable.
4. SEA OTTERS
iStock
Predators aren't the only issue to navigate while asleep. As otters know, there's also the possibility of drifting off (pun absolutely intended). When sea otters fall asleep, they do so while lying on their backs at the surface of the water and in groups or in seaweed forests, sometimes holding hands to keep from floating apart.
5. ALBATROSSES
iStock
The albatross is a seabird that spends much of its life soaring around on the hunt. Its lifestyle doesn't leave a lot of time for snoozing, so it's believed the albatross multitasks by sleeping while flying. Alpine swifts are believed to do this too, as are migratory Swainson's Thrush birds, who take hundreds of little power naps lasting only a few seconds each.
6. DUCKS
iStock
Our feathered friends do more than sleep with one eye open. They sleep in a clique. Ducks queue up in a row when it's time to hit the hay, and the ones at the end of the line keep the eye facing away from the group open to watch out for predators, and close the other eye. The ducks inside close both of their eyes. The single-hemisphere sleep in the bookending ducks keeps the whole row safe.
7. MEERKATS
iStock
Meerkats spend their nights in burrows, which consist of complex tunnel systems and underground sleeping quarters. Communities of meerkats are called mobs or gangs and can consist of up to 40 animals with an alpha male and female in each community. They sleep in heaps, getting warmth from one another and protecting the gang leaders at the bottom of the pile. Puppies, squirrels, bats, and a slew of other creatures are also known to huddle up for warmth during sleep (including the elusive Homo sapiens).
8. HORSES, ZEBRAS, AND ELEPHANTS
iStock
This is the crew of the standing sleepers, who stay alert during their rest by remaining on their feet. These animals are able to lock their legs in a straight standing position in such a way that it doesn't require much muscle effort. This is called a "stay apparatus." While it's a cool trick, horses (and cows too) do need to lie down from time to time, because they can't achieve REM sleeps while standing up. Flamingos sleep while standing too, but they do so because there aren't many cozy places to slumber in their usual habitats.
9. BROWN BATS
iStock
On the other side of the mammalian sleep spectrum from sperm whales and giraffes are brown bats, which sleep about 19 hours a day. The nocturnal creatures snooze upside down all day, a stance born of efficiency, as it's easier for them and their weak wings to take off from that position. After bats, the lengthiest daily sleepers are armadillos, opossums, sloths, tigers, and then domestic cats. Keep that in mind next time you want to tell your feline to get a job.
10. SHARKS
iStock
Most sharks have to keep moving constantly in order to get oxygen through their gills, while others have developed spiracles, openings behind the eye that allow them to take in oxygen while stationary. But generally their sleep is thought to be more of an idle state than a full-fledged shut down. Scientists have found that the spiny dogfish's swimming might be coordinated by the spinal cord and not the brain, which would indicate that sharks might be able to power down their noggins and continue moving after all. Others speculate that some white sharks might face the current while stationary, so water moves over their gills with no effort from the fish itself.
11. WALRUSES
iStock
Walruses can also sleep and swim at the same time. They're also basically that friend of yours who can fall asleep anywhere—they can hold their breath for up to five minutes and catch a nap underwater, or deep-sleep ashore for as many as 19 hours. They deserve a deep slumber though—walruses have been known to swim continuously for up to 84 hours. For water sleeping, walruses can inflate spaces in their bodies called pharyngeal pouches, which act as sort of biological life jacket to keep the blubbery beasts afloat.
12. DESERT SNAIL
iStock
It doesn't seem like a snail would have a very taxing life, but these little slimy creatures can go on sleeping for literally years. One particularly famous incident involved an Egyptian desert snail who was assumed dead by a British Museum staffer who affixed the snail to an identification card. Four years later, traces of slime were discovered on the card, and when the staff removed the shell from the card, the animal crawled out.
13. FROGS
iStock
Frogs survive winter by hibernating much like their larger, furrier friends, but their feats are arguably way more incredible. Frogs are equipped with a kind of animal antifreeze, which means that while ice crystals may form in body cavities and under the skin, high concentrations of glucose in its vital organs prevents those essential parts from freezing. A partially frozen frog stops breathing and its heart ceases beating, but when the spring thaw comes and temperatures start to rise, its body resumes its functions and springs back to life.
14. BEARS
iStock
The sleeping habits of bears aren't usually anything notable, except when it's time to give birth. In the winter months, when pregnant mothers are deep in hibernation mode, their heart rates slow, and they stop eating, drinking, urinating, defecating, or exercising. But mama bears will rouse themselves enough to do a little thing called giving birth. The cubs then nurse on their sleeping mom for the next few months until she wakes up and takes them out into the world.
15. APES
iStock
Scientists are studying apes to learn things about the way humans sleep and how that might have helped us evolve. They've found that animals like the orangutan, gorilla, and chimpanzee all like to curl up to sleep just like humans. They also make beds or find platforms for predator-free slumber, which consequently helps them sleep better than counterparts such as the upright-sleeping baboon. That chance for a longer, more restful sleep might have been a factor in our own evolutionary process, helping us to get smarter with each 40 winks.
This story originally ran in 2015.
Raheem Sterling has underlined the role Liverpool fans have to play in the remainder of the 2013-14 season after admitting Sunday's atmosphere against Tottenham Hotspur left him awestruck.
The Kop was at its vociferous best as the Reds dismantled Spurs 4-0 to climb to the summit of the Barclays Premier League table with six games left to play.
Sterling claims it was the loudest he's ever heard Anfield - and insists such support can make an impact on the final matches of the campaign.
He said: "It was a great atmosphere, the best I've seen. It is a credit to the fans.
"It is the first time I have seen the fans like that. I've heard about it in the Champions League - but it was great to see it, not only on Sunday but against Sunderland in midweek.
"The manager said beforehand that it was great to have them behind us, our 12th man. The atmosphere coming to the stadium and in the stadium was really good.
"From what I've heard from the likes of Jon Flanagan and Stevie, the atmosphere [for Champions League games] is something to dream about. As players, we know what the dream is, we are working hard for it, and hopefully that dream can become a reality.
"It feels like we are in a good moment. There is a real belief from the fans and a togetherness between the fans and players. Long may it continue."
Liverpool will aim to maintain their position at the top of the table when they travel to West Ham United on Sunday.
The Reds also have to face the teams in second and third in the standings - Chelsea and Manchester City - at Anfield before the conclusion of the season.
Watch the video here »
"It is going to be difficult with those two coming here, but we'll take it as it comes," Sterling continued.
"We really fancy ourselves against anyone coming here, but we will take it step by step and try to do the business when they come.
"Are we allowing ourselves to dream? Definitely. I think as the season goes on we have a bit more belief but we can't get ahead of ourselves, we have to take it game by game. But coming to the last six games there is a really good atmosphere at the training ground."
On a personal note, Sterling marked a recall to the starting line-up with an outstanding display against Tottenham - and he was satisfied with his afternoon's work.
He said: "It was disappointing being on the bench for the last two games, but I knew I had to be ready if I was called back. I am grateful to the manager for having the belief to put me in for a big game and happy the team got the win.
"It was a great team performance and I thought the boys did really well. We've been working really hard in training and it was great to get the three points."
Sterling has enjoyed a fine campaign, making 32 appearances and scoring seven goals so far.
He attributes his form to the confidence and faith shown in him by the manager, Brendan Rodgers.
"I think my work-rate and my confidence have improved," he stated. "I'm working for the team, pressing and really trying to get on the front foot.
"It is great to have a manager who has belief in you. As a young player that is what you cry out for. I am just grateful to have a manager like that at this club."
Sterling's performances were rewarded with a recall to the England set-up and a second international cap against Denmark last month.
With the World Cup finals looming this summer, the 19-year-old is hopeful he can secure a ticket to Brazil, particularly as his Spurs display was observed first-hand by Three Lions assistant coach, Ray Lewington.
"I hope he will have seen that I worked really hard for the team and it wasn't just about going forward," he pondered.
"I also now have the confidence to go and play as I have got players like Luis [Suarez] and Stevie [Gerrard] giving me encouragement. It's a credit to them.
"High-end players like Steven Gerrard will always make sure that your feet are firmly on the floor."
The Times' criminal justice team looks behind the scenes and behind the headlines.
August 18, 2010 at 10:40 AM
Comments (0) E-mail article Print Share
Posted by John de Leon
Clallam County sheriff's deputies on Tuesday arrested a man dressed in a child's banana costume after he allegedly exposed himself to a woman at a Port Angeles restaurant.
We're not making this up.
According to the Peninsula Daily News, Carlton Jeffery Kohnert, 21, is suspected of exposing himself to a woman at a Port Angeles Wendy's restaurant and then driving through Four Seasons Ranch brandishing a shotgun. He was arrested for investigation of reckless endangerment, aiming or discharging a weapon and indecent exposure, Clallam County sheriff's Sgt. Randy Pieper tells the Daily News.
A second man who was with Kohnert, Anthony Marks Maybury, 21, was arrested for investigation of reckless endangerment.
Pieper said Kohnert didn't offer much of an explanation for the yellow banana costume. "All we know is he was drinking earlier in the day, but he didn't really have a reason for the costume," Pieper told the Daily News.
After the alleged incident in Port Angeles, the suspects stopped at Four Seasons Ranch, where Kohnert -- still dressed in the banana costume -- got out, brandished a shotgun and began yelling, Pieper said.
Deputies arrested the men a short time later.
"The banana costume has been seized and put into evidence," Pieper said.
Conservatives have been bristling for several days with the possibility that Robert Lewis Dear, the alleged Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooter, may be transgender because his voter registration identified him as female. Even Ted Cruz floated the idea at a campaign stop on Sunday. On Monday, the El Paso County Clerk and Recorder's Office confirmed there had been a clerical error.
Ryan Parsell, El Paso County's chief deputy clerk and recorder, told the Colorado Springs Gazette that his office was responsible for the mistake, calling it a data entry error. When he received a driver's license with the same error, Dear went to a different Department of Motor Vehicles office to request a corrected license, which he received.
Dear also apparently attempted to fix his voter registration form, which required submitting a “Change in Voter Registration Information” form to the Park County Clerk and Recorder's Office. His registration was not adjusted, however, because the dot in the “male” box — “a small dark spot” — was so faint that a deputy clerk concluded it was not an intentional mark:
CREDIT: Park County Clerk and Recorder's Office via Colorado Springs Gazette
Cruz's campaign suggested Monday that his comment was simply a reference to how little information was available about Dear at the time. That doesn't change the fact that many conservatives used the rumor to further demonize transgender people as threats to public safety. The now storied history of Dear's attempts to sort out his identification documents is perhaps the least interesting information available in terms of understanding what may have motivated him to commit this terrible crime.
Editor's note: The great American singer/songwriter/poet Bob Dylan turns 70 today. In observance of that occasion, here's an excerpt from the new book, The Gospel According to Bob Dylan: The Old, Old Story for Modern Times (Westminster John Knox), by Michael J. Gilmour. Learn more about the book and Gilmour at the end of this excerpt.
"Who is this character anyway?"
—Sam Shepard (referring to Bob Dylan)
"Who is this man?"
—Matt. 8:27; Mark 4:41; Luke 8:25 (referring to Jesus)
"Who do people say that I am? … Who do you say that I am?"
—Jesus (Mark 8:27, 29)
I taped a photocopied picture of Bob Dylan to my office door during the time I spent thinking about and writing this book. It is my favorite picture of the singer, taken likely in the fall of 1975. He is standing in a cemetery by a large crucifix, in the Catholic grotto in Lowell, Massachusetts. Jack Kerouac's grave is in this cemetery, so the motley crew touring with Dylan at the time stopped by the Beat writer's hometown to pay their respects. There are other photographs of this visit to the Lowell cemetery showing Dylan and poet Allen Ginsberg sitting cross-legged at Kerouac's grave.
The picture on my office door shows Dylan standing in front of the tall statue, his feathered hat just inches below Christ's nailed feet. He carries a large tree branch as a walking stick while the camera looks up into his face, capturing both the singer's stoic expression and the Messiah's agony all at once. The picture has symbolic potential that illustrates challenges facing those interested in Bob Dylan's relationship to religion.
For one thing, though Christ is in the picture, Dylan is the focal ...
1
WORCESTER - Neighborhood complaints about drug activity prompted police to raid a Svea Street apartment Monday.
Police made 12 arrests. The vice squad obtained a search warrant for 20 Svea St., Apt. 2-K. The target of the warrant was Hector Figueroa, 36, of that address. Police said they had received numerous complaints from people in the neighborhood about drug activity at all hours of the day.
Around 3 p.m., vice officers searched the apartment. A dozen people were there, including Mr. Figueroa. Mr. Figueroa had seven orange pills believed to be Suboxone, five green pills believed to be clonazepam, and $186 in cash. One of the occupants, Elisabeth Hakala, also had what was believed to be clonazepam.
Police said hypodermic needles, crack pipes and a visible white residue consistent with cocaine were scattered throughout the floors of the apartment. Police said they found 3.4 grams of heroin in two individual plastic baggies. All 12 people in the apartment were arrested.
Mr. Figueroa and Ms. Hakala, 31, of 173 Fitch Road, Clinton, were both charged with possession of a Class B substance, possession of a Class C substance and knowingly being present where heroin is kept.
The following people were charged with possession of a Class B substance and knowingly being present where heroin is kept:
Samantha Smith, 30, of 44 Maria Ave., Southbridge; Melissa Feliciano, 37, of 131 Austin St.; Lisbed Rodriguez, 34, of 1 Will Vail St.; Jennifer Sclamo, 34, of 1 Burton St.; Kaylu Ayala, 27, of 21 Jefferson St.; Kristie Uva, 39, of 3 Harvard St., Natick; Jose Sanchez, 39, of 20 Bridgeport St.; Michael Allard, 50, of 20 Svea St.; James Morales, 50, of 4 Mott St.; and Leonel Ventura, 44, address unknown.
Police said vice investigators will continue to monitor the Svea Street address for any future drug activities.
COLUMBUS, OHIO -- The Columbus Blue Jackets have activated left wing Boone Jenner off Injured Reserve, recalled defenseman Frederic St. Denis from the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons and placed center Artem Anisimov and defenseman Cody Goloubefon Injured Reserve, club General Manager Jarmo Kekalainen announced today.
Jenner, 21, will make his season debut after suffering a broken hand in practice on September 27. He recorded 16-13-29, 45 penalty minutes and a +6 plus/minus rating in 72 games as a rookie in 2013-14. The Dorchester, Ontario native was the club's first pick, 37th overall, in the 2011 NHL Draft. He recorded 111-135-246, 265 penalty minutes and was +22 plus/minus rating in 227 career games with the Oshawa Generals of the Ontario Hockey League from 2009-13.
St. Denis, 28, has collected 0-1-1 and four penalty minutes in six games with the Falcons this season. The 5-11, 188-pound native of Greenfield Park, Quebec has registered 1-2-3, 10 penalty minutes and is +3 in 17 career NHL games, all during the 2011-12 season with the Montreal Canadiens. He has also collected 28-87-115, 156 penalty minutes and is +42 in 329 career AHL games. Last season, he notched 9-17-26, 32 penalty minutes and was +16 in 60 games with Springfield and earned his second appearance in the AHL All-Star Game. Prior to turning pro, he played five seasons in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from 2002-07, tallying 44-111-155 and 199 penalty minutes in 285 games with Drummondville.
Anisimov was placed on IR retroactive to October 28 and is day-to-day. He collected 2-2-4 in nine games this season before suffering an upper body injury vs. Ottawa on October 28. Goloubef, who has two penalty minutes in three games in 2014-15, suffered a knee injury at New Jersey on November 1 and is expected to be sidelined six weeks.
The Blue Jackets return to action on Tuesday when they host the Carolina Hurricanes. Game time from Nationwide Arena is 7 p.m. ET. Live coverage on FOX Sports Ohio begins with the Blue Jackets Live pre-game show at 6:30 p.m. The game will also be broadcast live on the Scioto Downs Blue Jackets Radio Network, including flagship station Sports Radio 97.1 The Fan, and online at BlueJackets.com.
A foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is facing allegations of anti-Semitism, according to a new report.
Joseph Schmitz was accused of boasting about firing Jews and downplaying the Holocaust while serving as inspector general for the Department of Defense (DOD), McClatchy reported Thursday. Two separate complaints against Schmitz alleged anti-Semitic comments.
ADVERTISEMENT
Daniel Meyer, a senior officer within the intelligence community, cited another former top Pentagon official in describing Schmitz's remarks.
“His summary of his tenure's achievement [is] reported as '...I fired the Jews,'” wrote Meyer, a former official in the Pentagon inspector general's office whose complaint was obtained by McClatchy.
“In his final days, he allegedly lectured Mr. Crane on the details of concentration camps and how the ovens were too small to kill six million Jews,” Meyer added while detailing Schmitz's alleged remarks to John Crane.
McClatchy said Meyer's complaint is before the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) and describes incidents occurring a decade ago.
A federal official with knowledge of the incident told McClatchy that Crane testified under oath about the remarks Schmitz allegedly made.
Crane, a former assistant DOD inspector general, resigned in 2013 when he learned he was going to be fired after an administrative inquiry. He filed a whistleblower disclosure saying retaliation forced him out, McClatchy reported. That disclosure is still before the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates such complaints.
Schmitz on Tuesday said he has never made anti-Semitic remarks and blamed Crane as the source of “completely false and defamatory” rumors about him.
“I do not recall ever even hearing of any ‘allegations of anti-Semitism against [me],' which would be preposterously false and defamatory because, among other reason(s), I am quite proud of the Jewish heritage of my wife of 38 years.”
Schmitz told McClatchy his wife is “ethnically Jewish” because of her maternal grandmother.
David Tenenbaum, an Army engineer at the Tank Automotive Command (TACOM) in Warren, Mich., also alleges anti-Semitism from Schmitz in a letter this week to Acting Pentagon Inspector General Glenn Fine, according to McClatchy.
Tenenbaum claims current and former Pentagon officials helped create an anti-Semitic culture within the military that left him vulnerable.
“The anti-Semitic environment began under a prior inspector general, Mr. Joseph Schmitz,” the letter from Tenenbaum's lawyer, Mayer Morganroth of Birmingham, Mich., states.
Morganroth's letter echoes allegations Schmitz made anti-Semitic comments, citing a “sworn statement” from an unnamed source knowledgeable of the Tenenbaum case.
Trump announced Schmitz as one of five foreign policy advisers in March despite controversy surrounding his tenure at the Pentagon.
Schmitz was accused of stonewalling congressional investigations during former President George W. Bush's administration. He was cleared of the allegations before resigning his post in September 2005.
Toulon - Australian playmaker Matt Giteau has been ruled out for at least three weeks, Toulon coach Bernard Laporte said on Friday ahead of his team's crucial string of European Cup pool matches.
Giteau has been struggling with a groin injury since last season's Top 14 semi-final against Stade Francais, Laporte said.
"Apparently it's not a groin strain," the coach said. "But when he plays, he suffers after half-time."
Quade Cooper will likely replace Giteau against Bath in the European Cup on Sunday, while Frederic Michalak's comeback from injury could be hurried through to provide extra cover.
Toulon is three-time defending champions in the tournament, but the match against Bath is a game both sides must win or almost certainly see their knock-out hopes end.
Both have two wins and a defeat from three games but trail Pool 5 leaders Wasps by six points. As neither side have picked up any bonus points yet, defeat would make winning the group virtually impossible while also rendering the chances of taking one of the two qualifying second place finishes negligible.
Fresh off of his Marvel Cinematic Universe debut in Agents of SHIELD, Ghost Rider Robbie Reyes is returning to the Marvel Comics Universe. Marvel Comics has provided ComicBook.com with an exclusive preview of Ghost Rider #1, the start of the new Marvel NOW! series from writer Felipe Smith and artists Danillo Beyruth and Tradd Moore.
The main story of Ghost Rider #1, illustrated by Beyruth, sees Ghost Rider investigating a mysterious object that fell from space and landed in southern California. Ghost Rider isn't the only superhero interested in the object, and soon finds himself face to face with the Totally Awesome Hulk!
In the backup story, Robbie Reyes creators Smith and Moore reunite to introduce a new villain to challenge Ghost Rider, a villain named Pyston Nitro! Check out the preview pages, Smith's design sketches for Pyston Nitro, and the official solicitation text for Ghost Rider #1 below.
Ghost Rider #1 goes on sale Nov. 30, 2016. Ghost Rider #1
SEP160959
(W) Felipe Smith (A) Danillo Beyruth, Tradd Moore (CA) Marco Checchetto
After presiding over more than 6,000 weddings, Nomi Whalen helped tie the knot for one last couple Saturday.
The well-known Calgary marriage commissioner is retiring after 37 years.
Whalen told the Calgary Eyeopener she became a marriage commissioner after an unimpressive experience at her own wedding to Ed Whalen, a popular Calgary sports broadcaster who died in 2001.
"What got me started was the jerk that married Eddie and me," she said.
"He didn't even look at us. I cried all the way away from it, and we got married again, and I've been making up for him ever since."
At that time, there was only one marriage commissioner in Calgary. Whalen vowed to do better.
"Every couple that I married was precious to me," she said.
Memorable weddings
On the day she turned 80, Nomi Whalen married Terri Trembath and LiShelle Trembath. (Shae J Photography)
Over the years, Whalen has been part of many memorable weddings. She once flew in a helicopter over the Three Sisters peaks near Canmore, landing in about 15 feet of snow and marrying the couple on a mountain.
Another time, a couple on a flight recognized her and asked if she would marry them — on the plane.
"I asked the pilot and he said it was OK. There was a fellow trying to sleep on the plane, who didn't want to go to a wedding," Whalen recalled, laughing.
Advice for couples
When asked about the most valuable advice she shares with couples, Whalen mentions a book she wrote, Before We Say I Do. It's filled with questions for sweethearts to discuss with each other.
"I've had couples do that book and decide not to get married," she said.
"I wish I could have made it the law [to read the book]. We have to do more to get a driver's licence than we do to get married."
Now in her 80s, Whalen plans to spend her retirement returning to writing books and creating art. She's working on an autobiography titled Getting to Nomi.
She'll leave the marrying job up to the many marriage commissioners she's mentored over the years, and hopes they enjoy it as much as she did.
"I just loved doing it," she said. "It's a precious job."
With files from the Calgary Eyeopener
Announcing the New Couchbase Spark Connector
Couchbase Spark Connector 1.2.0 is now available. It includes significant new features and enhancements, as well as support for Apache Spark 1.6.
On behalf of our outstanding product development team, I'm very pleased to announce the latest release 1.2.0 of the Couchbase Spark Connector. As usual, the timing is no coincidence since next week Spark Summit 2016 is happening in San Francisco. We are sponsoring the event, and as a result you can find me and my colleagues at the Couchbase booth (B7). We'll also be giving a talk at 4:15PM on Wednesday June 8th on “Augmenting the Operational Database with Spark” — come by to hear about the latest developments with Couchbase and Spark.
Release Details
This release brings us up to date with Apache Spark release 1.6, and delivers several new features and enhancements. Specifically, the Couchbase Spark Connector release 1.2.0:
Is compatible with Apache Spark 1.6,
Adds Java and Scala support for Couchbase view, spatial view and N1QL query APIs on RDDs,
Adds support for the new Subdocument lookup API on RDDs and SparkContext (requires Couchbase Server 4.5),
Allows the Java API to use Spark SQL directly,
Extends the existing SparkSQL Filter expressions to include support for all Spark Filters, including nested filter expressions,
Adds enhancements to the Spark Streaming support (still experimental at this stage),
Includes several other bug fixes and enhancements.
Please see the Couchbase Spark Connector 1.2.0 Release Notes for the list of features in this release. Please see the Couchbase Spark Connector documentation for examples and Getting Started information. There is also an excellent whirlwind tour of the connector in Michael's blog post if you haven't already seen it.
The Connector is distributed from Maven Central (as well as spark-packages.org), so if you want to experiment with it using the spark-shell, this is all you need to get up and running:
> $SPARK_HOME/bin/spark-shell –packages com.couchbase.client:spark-connector_2.10:1.2.0
The Road Ahead
It's been very exciting to talk with customers and partners about how they plan to use Spark and Couchbase together. Their feedback and real world projects will help guide future features in the connector. If you haven't already tried out the connector, please do so and add your feedback and thoughts to where we take the connector next. For our part, we're looking forward to the new functionality in Spark 2.x (see the pre-release blog post from Databricks), as well as providing additional enhancements to the Spark Streaming interface.
Happy coding, no bugs and fast in-memory operations!
Liverpool FC has today confirmed it is exploring the feasibility of creating a specially designed walkway featuring fan tributes at Anfield.
The club has submitted a planning application providing further details on the proposed scheme, which would enable supporters to purchase a personalised granite stone in the Main Stand's new public realm.
Submitted as part of the feasibility studies, the application seeks consent to install the stones where fans can gather together and enjoy the special Anfield atmosphere before the game.
The granite walkway featuring fan messages would form part of the public realm, which has been designed to reconnect the stadium to nearby Stanley Park and the local community.
Another feature of the proposals would see the installation of granite benches outside the Main Stand, incorporating artwork celebrating key moments and players from the club's history.
Tutorials On this page are various tutorials on programming concepts and the FreeBasic language.
Tutorials Let's Build a Roguelike Let's Build a Roguelike Let's Build a Roguelike is a step-by-step tutorial in ebook format on creating a roguelike game from conception to finished product. The tutorial covers all the aspects of the game, from creating the title page, dungeon building, inventory items, monster ai, combat, file saving and creating a morgue file. You can download the latest version from the link below.
Chapter List
The Title Screen Improving the Code The Main Menu The RPG System Character Generation The Intro Dungeon Building The Dungeon Moving Around Main Display Inventory Structure Generating Items Character Inventory II Armor and Shields Weapons Monsters Monster Movement Melee Combat Resting Model Character Improvement Projectile Combat Scaling Monster Attacks Wands Generalizing Character Attributes Potions Scaling Difficulty Levels Jewelry Weapon Magic Tweaking the Game 1 Armor Magic Jewelry Magic Spell Books Spell Casting Tweaking the Game 2 Locked Doors Closing Doors Traps Searching The Wandering Merchant Tweaking the Game 3 Inscribing Spell Books Monster Magic The Amulet Morgue File Save and Load Winning and Losing Instructions The End and Beginning Download
The download includes the complete ebook and all the FreeBasic source code.
Final Version: rlfinal.zip (6.34 mb)
Screens
This site is © Copyright Richard D. Clark, 2010, All Rights Reserved
Website templates
Some MTA officials want to know much faster from federal investigators what causes railroad accidents so they can fix safety problems before they snowball.
Board member Charles Moerdler criticized the National Transportation Safety Board for not releasing a preliminary cause for five Metro-North accidents until last week.
“It becomes worthless,” said Moerdler, who sits on the MTA's Metro-North committee. “The only thing we had were rumors and idle conversation. The NTSB is long on public relations and short on public responsibility.”
He said the Federal Railroad Administration was more helpful in fixing safety problems at the railroad, since its intensive Operation Deep Dive came out in March– about three months after the Bronx derailment that killed four people.
The NTSB said that a typical investigation from their agency takes 12 to 18 months, and they issue safety recommendations when something needs immediate attention.
If there's any piece of emerging technology that most closely resembles the cyberpunk imaginings of science-fiction writers, it's Google Glass. The product achieved a notable symbolic milestone this week when the creator of the cyberpunk genre, William Gibson, finally donned the futuristic gadget.
Gibson was headlining an event at the New York Public Library when an audience member offered to have the Neuromancer author wear it. Gibson, wearing a black shirt and jacket along with the austere headset, looks like he'd fit right in as a character in any one of many cyberpunk-inspired worlds that his landmark novel helped create.
Later, he tweeted about the experience:
I also got to try Google Glass, if only for a few seconds. Was faintly annoyed at just how interesting I found the experience. — William Gibson (@GreatDismal) April 20, 2013
He also responded to some questions from his followers about his take on Glass, and where he thinks the technology could go:
Expect Google Glass to be reworked into less obvious, more trad spectacles, sunglasses etc, for covert use. Should be relatively easy. — William Gibson (@GreatDismal) April 23, 2013
Sounds like the beginning of an idea for an as-yet-unwritten novel. Will Google Glass inspire a whole new generation of cyberpunk-themed works about wearable technology? It seems inevitable, although this time it won't be called science fiction, just everyday life.
Images courtesy of Flickr, 1800joe.com, used with permission
SANDY SPRINGS, Georgia—After $50 million and a congressional contest bigger than some presidential primaries, the special election in Georgia's 6th District to replace Rep. Tom Price ended up where it began, with the House seat still in Republican hands and national Democrats still looking for a way to turn the resistance to Donald Trump into a victory at the polls.
With 81 percent reporting, former Secretary of State Karen Handel defeated Democrat Jon Ossoff 52.5 percent to 47.5 percent.
From the moment Price announced he was leaving the seat to become President Donald Trump's secretary of health and human services, the race to replace him was a highly nationalized, money-soaked brawl—a referendum, especially for Democrats, on the president in an affluent suburban Atlanta district he'd barely won in November.
After Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) endorsed Ossoff, then a 29-year-old unknown Democrat who lived just outside the district, liberal activists from across the country flooded Ossoff's campaign war chest, blowing it up into a $23 million mega-campaign in five months. Within weeks, he rocketed to the front of the field in the Republican-packed 17-way jungle primary in April.
When Ossoff came up less than 2 points short of the 50 percent threshold to win the primary outright in April, he went on to face off against Handel, a longtime fixture in local Republican politics. While Handel stuck to closed-door fundraisers, avoided national reporters, and held invitation-only GOP events, Ossofff knocked on doors, did Republican neighborhood meetings, and went to every meet-and-greet he could. His goal was to ask for every vote. Hers was to stick with what had been working for the last 40 years in the district: turning out reliable Republicans.
The Washington big guns joined in on both sides, with Speaker Paul Ryan's PAC sending millions of dollars to give Handel TV air cover as Trump mean-tweeted and Comey-fired his way to one bad headline after another.
On the Democratic side, the combined efforts of the Ossoff campaign, the Democratic National Committee, and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee help build a monster operation unprecedented in Georgia Democratic politics. By the end of the race, they had knocked on more than 500,000 doors, hired 100 staffers, recruited 12,000 active volunteers and spent more than $11 million on ads on everything from the Today show to Korean newspapers and gospel stations.
But, and this is the part that will sting Democrats for a long time: It still wasn't enough.
In his concession speech, Ossoff told his supporters they had done much more than work on a campaign. “You have provided a beacon of hope, not just for people in Georgia, but for people around the world,” he said, finishing. “The fight goes on. Hope is still alive.”
When the full returns are counted, Republicans here will have to ask themselves why the race was so close in a community that Mitt Romney won by 23 percentage points in 2012, and also what Handel did right to keep her own fortunes separate and apart from Donald Trump's tweetstorms.
But Democrats will have more soul searching to do. They are now zero-for-four in special elections since Trump became the president and need to understand why.
They'll be quick to say the Ossoff race never should have been so close, which is true. And that Ossoff won in a sense just by being competitive in an R+10 district, which is sort of true.
But after $23 million, a candidate who genuinely ignited the grassroots, and a Republican president who may or may not be (but probably is) under FBI investigation and can't stop talking about it, the real question Democrats need to answer is: What's it going to take to win an election in the era of Trump?
As of Tuesday night, they still have no idea.
The full extent of the carnage at Al-Qata Prison outside Cairo as guards fought back is only now becoming clear.
One prisoner, speaking from inside his cell, told The Daily Telegraph that inmates had drawn up a list of 153 men killed during a siege lasting a full two weeks. He described how as the men celebrated the fall of Mr Mubarak, a man standing next to him was hit by gunfire, an explosive bullet ripping into his head through the cell window.
“We started to cheer and shout,” said the prisoner, whose name The Telegraph is witholding for his protection. “This man was standing here and was just shot through the eye. He died immediately.
“While we were carrying his body to the gates of the prison, the guards shot us again. They even shot the body again.”
Human rights groups have estimated the number of dead at al-Qata at 70. The prosecutor general of the area west of Cairo where the prison is located is said to have seen 23 bodies in the local morgue on one day alone.
The unusual nature of the deaths shows how the regime led by Mr Mubarak fell apart in its final days.
As the “Day of Rage” took hold on January 28, scores of people were killed in front of government buildings in Cairo by police and the Presidential Guard, who fired tear gas, buckshot and live ammunition into demonstrations.
Then, coinciding with the sacking of the Interior Minister, Habib al-Adly, the police disappeared.
No full account has yet been given of why this happened, but Mr al-Adly was arrested on Thursday.
At some prisons, inmates were left to escape. At least 11 Hizbollah and Hamas militants fled, some receiving hero's welcomes in Gaza and Lebanon, including Sami Chehab, a Hizbollah leader, Ayman Nofal, an al-Qassam Brigades field commander, and Muhammad Ramadan Ash-Shaer, a smuggler.
The trouble at Al-Qata started when inmates, mostly long-term prisoners on criminal charges, also demanded to be set free. Remarkably, a prisons inspector negotiating with them, General Mohammed al-Batran, was shot dead by one of his own men after he appeared to concede to them.
At that point, other guards joined in, first killing a prisoner who tried to help the general, a man named as Mahmoud Hassan Mohammed. Most of the deaths occurred in the following 24 hours, inmates and human rights workers said.
For five days there was no food and only 15 minutes water a day, and bodies were left to decompose. Inmates who tried to venture into the yard to seek water or retrieve bodies were gunned down, they said.
“My son called me at 4am on January 30,” said Mohammed Eid al-Sayed Ali. “He said, 'Father, they are killing people here. We have 80 bodies.
“At 10 o'clock that night I received a phone call from one of his fellow inmates. He said, 'I offer you my condolences.' He had been shot dead in front of the mosque in the yard.”
His son, Adel, had been preparing for release. His father said he had served eight years for a drugs offence he had not committed.
A spokesman for the government's medical legal service said the number of deaths was not clear.
An interior ministry official said the figure of 153 was “nonsense” but could not give the true number. He said the incident was now in the hands of the prosecution service.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. general in Iraq told reporters on Tuesday that a strike near the Islamic-State-held Syrian city of Raqqa last week appears to have killed dozens of militants and not civilians.
Last week the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said an air strike that hit a school sheltering displaced people killed at least 33 people, adding it believed the strike was carried out by the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State in the area.
“I would tell you that we haven't completed our assessment of that event yet, but my initial read is (it is) not credible,” Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend told reporters at a Pentagon via teleconference.
“I think that was a clean strike,” Townsend said.
“We had multiple corroborating intelligence sources from various types of intelligence that told us the enemy was using that school and we observed it and we saw what we expected to see,” Townsend said, adding that it appeared to have hit about 30 Islamic State militants.
The leak of almost 9,000 documents detailing hacking and surveillance techniques used by the CIA is shocking, but not for the reasons many people think. Reading that your Smart TV or mobile phone could be monitoring what you say in your own house is alarming, but the real issue isn't that the CIA spies on people. It's not even that they do it through the devices in our homes.
The ease with which the code can be accessed and manipulated has created the real issue – that the source code, and the hacking tools used to access it is now available to anyone who wishes to use it. Criminals, hackers, terrorists, they all now have access to the hacking power wielded by the world's most powerful intelligence agency.
End-to-End encryption is useless
Every day we use apps that claim to be secure, but are they really? It's not enough to encrypt data in transit. WhatsApp introduced end-to-end security back in January, but armed with their new CIA hacking methods, hackers can steal the data from devices before it even gets to the encryption stage. The much-heralded new security measure is now virtually defunct.
Corporate risk
Many businesses use, or tacitly permit the use, of free, cloud-based, messaging apps – like WhatsApp – to conduct everyday business. Even the President of the United States and his team of senior advisors use an app to pass confidential information to each other.
These apps – no matter how easy they make our lives – put data at risk. Any responsible business or organisation should ban their use for work purposes.
Organisations must assume control of their data and take responsibility for how it's stored, processed and transmitted. Walled gardens may have had a poor reputation for stifling the freedom many want when using the internet, but they allow organisations to exert more control over their data and its security.
History repeats itself
Twelve years ago, PCs were being infected by viruses thanks to a decision made by Sony. In adding copy protection to its CDs, Sony installed a Rootkit on people's PCs. It installed a backdoor for hackers to access and plant malware on our computers.
The same thing will happen now.
The CIA's tools for preventing terrorist attacks will now be used against it, and all of us. It leaves organisations everywhere vulnerable to data theft and corporate espionage. It has huge ramifications for all of us.
Deutsche Bank is looking pretty smart for banning the use of free messaging apps on company phones back in January. The question is, how will other organisations respond?
Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan arrived at government headquarters in Tripoli on Thursday, shortly after he has been freed by former rebels who seized him from a hotel earlier on the day.
Several government ministers and members of the General National Congress (GNC) - Libya's highest political authority - welcomed Zeidan at the gates of the compound as he got out of an armored personnel carrier amid exceptional security measures.
The premier seemed in good health after his ordeal and waved to a waiting crowd of well-wishers.
He appeared live on television during a cabinet meeting where he thanked some rebels who helped his release, urging them to join the regular armed forces, according to Reuters.
An image aired by broadcaster Al Arabiya shows what it is purported to be LibyaAn Prime Minister li Zeidan surrounded by men at an unidentified location. (Al Arabiya)
“Libyans need wisdom ... not escalation ... to deal with this situation,” he was quoted as saying by the agency.
Zeidan was seized by a group of former rebels and was held at the Interior Ministry's anti-crime department, according to Reuters.
The group, which in principle reports to the defense and interior ministries, said on its Facebook page it had seized Zeidan “on the prosecutor's orders.”
The premier “was arrested under the Libyan penal code... on the instructions of the public prosecutor,” the group said, according to Agence France-Presse.
Libya's general-prosecutor's office, however, denied reports that it issued an order to arrest Zeidan, in comments made to Al Arabiya.
The former rebels claimed that they seized the prime minister because of his government's role in the U.S. capture of a top al-Qaeda suspect in the Libyan capital on Saturday.
“His arrest comes after the statement by [U.S. Secretary of State] John Kerry about the capture of Abu Anas al-Liby, after he said the Libyan government was aware of the operation,” a spokesman for the group, known as the Operations Room of Libya's Revolutionaries, said, according to Reuters.
Earlier on in the day, the Libyan government issued a brief statement on the incident.
Zeidan arrives at the government headquarters in Tripoli on October 10, 2013 shortly after he was freed. (AFP)
“The head of the transitional government, Ali Zeidan, was taken to an unknown destination for unknown reasons by a group” of men believed to be former rebels, the official statement said.
Zeidan was taken on Thursday morning, after gunmen stormed a hotel he was residing in in Tripoli.
Guards at the Corinthia Hotel said gunmen had taken Zeidan from the hotel but there were no shots fired or clashes during the incident.
Al Arabiya television channel has also showed video stills of Zeidan frowning and wearing a grey shirt undone at the collar surrounded by several men in civilian clothes pressing closely around him.
Foreign response
British Prime Minister David Cameron gave Britain's backing to his Libyan counterpart, pledging to help overcome the country's “security challenges.”
A spokesman for the British prime minister said he had spoken by phone to Ali Zeidan, who was “calm and very measured,” after the kidnapping.
On Thursday, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry denounced the kidnapping of Zeidan and pledged the United States would continue to work with Libya to bolster its security.
“Libyans did not risk their lives in their 2011 revolution to tolerate a return to thuggery,” Kerry said in a statement according to AFP, welcoming Zeidan's release.
(With AFP and Reuters)
Last Update: Friday, 11 October 2013 KSA 01:09 - GMT 22:09
Sixty-five years ago yesterday, the Bell Labs team made up of William Shockley, John Bardeen, and Walter Brattain created what would soon be named the world's first transistor. It was a breakthrough invention—one that I would argue has been the most important innovation of the last 100 years.
Above: John Bardeen, William Shockley, and Walter Brattain at Bell Labs, 1948
But while the transistor has been incredibly popular and versatile, my guess is that the team that worked on it had no inkling about most of its eventual applications. Indeed, the whole point of the solid-state physics group at Bell Labs, which was formed by Shockley in 1945, was to improve communications and essentially to replace the vacuum tubes and electromechanical switches then used in the phone system. Before the war, phone company researchers had used silicon to help detect vibrations, and afterward, Shockley started working on trying to develop semiconductors—such as silicon and germanium—to come up with a replacement for the vacuum tube. Two members of the group, theoretical physicist Bardeen and experimental physicist Brattain, conducted an experiment on December 16, 1947. They eventually figured out a method of using two gold contacts that were designed to connect to a point on a slab of germanium so the signal came in one contact and increased as it was sent out on the other, in what became known as a "point-contact transistor."
Above: A replica of the first working transistor
Later, Shockley would create a different approach, called the bipolar junction transistor, which proved much easier to manufacture. A few months later, Engineer John Pierce coined the term "transistor," a shortening of "transfer resistor." The transistor was announced on June 30, 1948, and it was a few years before it started to gain traction in the nascent electronics industry, notably in the transistor radio.
Over the years, the transistor made possible the portable radio, much smaller TVs, and, of course, computers as we know them. (The first very large computers had rows and rows of vacuum tubes, but transistors have proven much more reliable and much more compact.) Indeed, personal computers, portable phones, flat-panel televisions, personal media players, smartphones and tablets, networking, and the Internet wouldn't be possible without transistors. It's hard to think of anything that's changed our lives more in the past 50 years.
Perhaps the most amazing thing about transistors is how the industry has been able to shrink them in size, doubling the density roughly every two years in what is known as Moore's Law, after a paper by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore from 1965. The first transistor was about half an inch tall. For comparison, Intel's Ivy Bridge processor, which is about the size of your thumb nail, contains 1.4 billion transistors. That's pretty amazing.
Lack of oxygen may have prevented animal species from flourishing sooner than 800 million years ago on Earth.
Scientists have long speculated as to why animal species didn't flourish sooner, once sufficient oxygen covered the Earth's surface.
Animals began to prosper at the end of the Proterozoic period - about 800 million years ago - but most researchers think there was plenty of oxygen before that.
Yale University researcher Noah Planavsky and his colleagues found that oxygen levels during the "boring billion" period were only 0.1 per cent of what they are today.
In other words, Earth's atmosphere couldn't have supported a diversity of creatures, no matter what genetic advancements were poised to occur.
"There is no question that genetic and ecological innovation must ultimately be behind the rise of animals, but it is equally unavoidable that animals need a certain level of oxygen," said Planavsky, co-lead author of the research along with Christopher Reinhard of the Institute of Technology.
"We're providing the first evidence that oxygen levels were low enough during this period to potentially prevent the rise of animals," said Planavsky.
The scientists found their evidence by analysing chromium (Cr) isotopes in ancient sediments from China, Australia, Canada and the US.
Chromium is found in the Earth's continental crust, and chromium oxidation is directly linked to the presence of free oxygen in the atmosphere.
Specifically, the team studied samples deposited in shallow, iron-rich ocean areas, near the shore. They compared their data with other samples taken from younger locales known to have higher levels of oxygen.
Oxygen's role in controlling the first appearance of animals has long vexed scientists.
"We were missing the right approach until now. Chromium gave us the proxy," Planavsky said.
Previous estimates put the oxygen level at 40 per cent of today's conditions during pre-animal times, leaving open the possibility that oxygen was already plentiful enough to support animal life.
In the new study, the researchers acknowledged that oxygen levels were "highly dynamic" in the early atmosphere, with the potential for occasional spikes.
However, they said, "It seems clear that there is a first-order difference in the nature of Earth surface Cr cycling" before and after the rise of animals."
"If we are right, our results will really change how people view the origins of animals and other complex life, and their relationships to the co-evolving environment. This could be a game changer," said co-author Tim Lyons of the University of California-Riverside.
The study was published in the journal Science.
Well that didn't take long.
A bizarre image of White House counselor Kellyanne Conway sitting on an Oval Office sofa with her legs tucked under her sent out Monday evening was already turning into a new meme by Tuesday morning.
BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI via Getty Images Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway checks her phone as she sits on an Oval Office sofa. The image has already become a new meme.
Conway had just snapped a photo of leaders of historically black colleges and universities with President Donald Trump.
But it wasn't the roomful of academics or even the president that caught internet users' attention.
It was Conway's very casual pose on the sofa, which seemed almost made for Photoshop.
BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI via Getty Images Kellyanne Conway snaps a photo from an Oval Office sofa.
And so a new meme was born:
"i am sorry ma'am but no shoes on the couch i do not make the rules"@nycsouthpaw pic.twitter.com/dbONSk9Kno — darth™ (@darth) February 28, 2017
Then again, there might have been a very important reason she had her feet up on the Oval Office sofa:
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe restored voting rights to over 200,000 felons in an executive order that was ultimately struck down by the Virginia Supreme Court. (File Photo)
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe's administration released the names of the roughly 13,000 felons recently stripped from the state's voter rolls.
The Virginia Department of Elections recently cancelled their registrations after the state Supreme Court ruled that McAuliffe overstepped his authority when he restored their voting rights.
The list of names was released publicly Wednesday afternoon, said Department of Elections Commissioner Edgardo Cortes
McAuliffe issued an executive order in April that restored voting rights of more than 200,000 felons.
But the Virginia's Supreme Court struck down that order last month, ruling that governors cannot restore rights en masse, but must handle them on a case-by-case basis.
Of the more than 200,000 felons whose rights had been restored, only roughly 13,000 had actually registered to vote.
Copyright Associated Press
Fighting is a 2009 sports action drama film directed by Dito Montiel, with a screenplay by Robert Munic and Montiel, and starring Channing Tatum, Terrence Howard and Luis Guzmán. It was released on April 24, 2009 in the United States by Rogue Pictures.
Plot [ edit ]
Present day New York City: Shawn MacArthur (Channing Tatum) is a street hustler. One day while selling counterfeit goods at the corner of Radio City Music Hall, a group of young men attempt to force Shawn to relocate with his merchandise. These boys work for Harvey Boarden (Terrence Howard), a ticket scalper who controls the corner. Shawn fights them off, but does not retain his money or products.
Later, Shawn sees Harvey and the guys who stole his money in a cafe and confronts them. Harvey gives him his money back and offers him a chance to a 'winner takes all' fight for money. Harvey sets up a meeting with his friend and rival, Martinez (Luis Guzmán). Shawn's first fight is at a Brooklyn church against a Russian. He wins when he knocks the Russian into a water fountain. Harvey takes Shawn to a club where he meets a waitress named Zulay (Zulay Henao), a single mother to whom Shawn had earlier tried to sell a fake Chinese Harry Potter book. In the VIP area to the club, Shawn also meets Evan Hailey (Brian White), a professional fighter who used to be on the same college team as Shawn, and was coached by Shawn's father. Shawn and Harvey leave after Evan and Shawn nearly get into a fight. Shawn's second fight is at the back of a store in the Bronx, against a much larger opponent. The fight descends into chaos after interference from some of Harvey's crew when the opponent nearly chokes Shawn, and the woman who owns the store pulls out a gun because one of the guys spills her drink. Harvey, Shawn, and the rest of Harvey's crew flee the scene and neither fighter gets paid. For his third fight, Shawn and the crew go to an Asian owned penthouse. Shawn wins the third fight.
Between fights, Shawn meets Zulay a few times, before they eventually consummate their relationship by having sex. Shawn and Zulay are visited by Harvey and Shawn is furious, suspecting Zulay and Harvey of having sexual relations. Harvey explains that Zulay places bets for him. Shawn and Harvey are offered a fight against Evan, and Shawn accepts, but Harvey wants him to throw the fight so that Martinez and his associates can make money. Shawn agrees to throw the fight. Zulay places the bets, a total of $500,000. Shawn and Evan fight, with Zulay, Harvey, and the rest of the crew watching. Evan has Shawn in a choke hold and it appears that Shawn is about to throw the fight; however, he fights back and overpowers Evan. Shawn beats Evan and Martinez threatens Harvey. At Harvey's apartment, Shawn reveals Zulay reversed the bets and they have one million dollars. Zulay picks up Shawn and Harvey and they leave New York with Zulay's daughter and grandmother.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Shooting locations
Release [ edit ]
Box office and critical reaction [ edit ]
The film opened at #3 at the North American box office making $11 million USD in its opening weekend. It scored a mixed "39%" rating according to Rotten Tomatoes. It has earned itself an average 4.9/10, based on 129 reviews.
Home media [ edit ]
Fighting was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 25, 2009 in North America. The film has shifted over 600,000 copies as reported by www.the-numbers.com.[3] The DVD and Blu-ray includes the theatrical version (105 minutes) and the unrated extended cut (108 minutes). Special features include deleted scenes and previews.
The Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) on Friday started an investigation into the timing of MTN Group's announcement on Monday that the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) had fined them $5.2 billion.
“The investigation will follow due process to establish whether there have been any breaches of the listings requirements and can be a lengthy process,” said Andre Visser, head of Issuer Regulation at the JSE, in a statement on Friday.
“As with all price sensitive announcements, the Market Regulation team is looking into trades that took place before the announcement in order to determine if there is any evidence of possible insider trading,” added Peter Redman, a senior technical advisor in the Market Regulation division at the JSE.
MTN told shareholders on Monday that “the NCC has imposed a fine equivalent to $5.2bn on MTN Nigeria”.
“This fine relates to the timing of the disconnection of 5.1 million MTN Nigeria subscribers who were disconnected in August and September 2015 and is based on a fine of N200 000 for each unregistered subscriber,” said the company.
The announcement did not seem to have much impact on MTN's share price, which was up 2.75% to R158.63 by 13:45 on Friday. MTN's share price has dropped by 20% since Monday, taking over R60bn off its market value.
Fin24
More on MTN
MTN has 18 days to pay R71 billion fine
MTN fine due to 28 separate violations
MTN shares plummet 12.5% after R71 billion fine
MTN hit with R71 billion fine
Yesterday, Jon Jones turned himself in to the Albuquerque police department due to an arrest warrant issued for him after receiving five traffic violations over the weekend. After the police department leaked the bodycam footage from the traffic stop, the MMA community seems to be divided on whether he deserved the five violations, or if the officer was overzealous in his ticketing.
The Three Amigos Podcast caught up with Michael Bisping, who weighed in on the situation, expressing sympathy for Jones' plight.
"It was a traffic violation. He's made some "mishaps," shall we call them, but he paid his dues. I mean, you can't hold this over someone forever, and now, of course, this policeman is saying that he was drag racing, but I watched the video and I just don't know. It's a tricky one. He was asking, ‘Why is your car so loud?' I'm pretty sure Jon Jones didn't design the engine of the car. It's an unfortunate set of circumstances. I'm driving in my car right now, and if you were to track my speed over the last 10 minutes, I'll have broken the speed limit at some point.
I kind of feel bad for the guy. I feel like maybe it's escalating out of control a little bit, a mountain being made out of a molehill. He does have bad luck, and bad luck is often the result of bad decisions, and I guess, at the end of the day, he's only got himself to blame, but I am somewhat sympathetic towards his plight.
He sort of does has a target on his back. He's had a history of run-ins with the law and he was the long reigning light-heavyweight champion of the world. That's a big title, so when you get involved in some scandals, you get arrested, you make the news, you're gonna have a target on your back. People are looking for him to mess up. He's young, rich and famous and making bad decisions.
I've said and done things that I regret, just like we all do. We're all only human, so I'm not gonna stand here and make out that I'm holier than thou and give Jon Jones a lecture. -Michael Bisping
That's why I'm somewhat sympathetic. I don't think he's a bad person. I don't think he's going out there meaning to break the law. He's not meaning to hurt anybody. We all make mistakes. I've made mistakes and I still make them. He's just very unlucky and he keeps getting caught making them. As I said, I do feel for the guy a little bit."
Having been in the UFC spotlight for nearly a decade, and having had his share of moments under the judgmental eyes of the MMA community, we thought Michael might have some sage advice to pass along, but he was quick to point out that he too had made mistakes and preferred not to offer anything other than his sympathy.
"No, I don't. Jesus Christ, I'm the last person to give out advice to people [laughs]. I haven't done anything really major, but I've said and done stupid things over the years, so I'm not going to stand here and make out like I'm some model citizen. I mean, I'm a decent person, don't get me wrong, but I've said and done things that I regret, just like we all do. We're all only human, so I'm not gonna stand here and make out that I'm holier than thou and give Jon Jones a lecture. I have nothing to offer on this occasion."
This is just a very small snippet of a 30-minute interview that will air tomorrow. Please make sure to check it out when it goes live Thursday morning. Remember, if you're looking for us on SoundCloud or iTunes, we're under the MMA Nation name. Follow our Twitter accounts: Stephie Haynes, Three Amigos Podcast, Geroge Lockhart, Iain Kidd and Mookie Alexander or our Facebook fan page, Three Amigos Pod
This article has been modified. Please see the clarification at the end.
For India's top business houses, the first 15 months of the government have been a roller-coaster ride. While the promoters of information technology, pharmaceutical and consumer goods have gained, those of old-economy businesses such as metals, energy, power and infrastructure have seen a sharp decline in their net worth since May 26 last year, the day the National Democratic Alliance government was sworn in.
Among the promoters of the country's top businesses houses, of Vedanta has been the biggest loser, followed by of Reliance Industries.
Among the gainers, Siddhartha Lal of Eicher group (net worth up 151.1%) tops the list, followed by the Ruias of Essar Group (up 111.4%) and Desh Bandhu Gupta of Lupin (up 104%). All three have more than doubled their net worth, thanks to a strong rally in the stocks of their group
Anil Agarwal's net worth is down 44% to Rs 64,000 crore from Rs 1.16 lakh crore on May 26, 2014. A sharp decline in the stocks of his group has cost Agarwal the second spot on the list of top promoters. He is now ranked fifth, behind the HCL group's Shiv Nadar and marginally ahead of the Bharti group's Sunil Mittal.
Reliance Industries Chairman and Managing Director remains the country's richest businessman, though with a reduced net worth Rs 1.22 lakh crore, against Rs 1.61 lakh crore a year earlier).
His younger brother, Anil Ambani, has seen a steeper fall in net worth and is now out of the top-20 list. His net worth is down 55% — from Rs 45,122 crore to Rs 20,000 crore.
Among traditional business houses, Adanis and Tatas gained while Kumar Mangalam Birla of AV Birla group saw a marginal dip in his networth.
Gautam along with his family, is now worth Rs 49,000 crore, up from around Rs 40,000 crore last year, owing to a sharp slide in the Enterprises and Power stocks in the past 15 months.
The analysis is based on the market capitalisation of BSE 500 companies on May 26, 2014, and September 4 this year and their promoter holding on March 31, 2015, and June 30, 2015. The calculation excludes the cross-holding of listed group companies in each other. For instance, the Aditya Vikram Birla group promoter's net worth excludes the Grasim majority holding in UltraTech Cement, the group's most valuable company.
The Tatas, India's top business group, have retained their top slot on the list and gained under the NDA government, thanks to a double-digit rise in the market value of Tata Consultancy Services during the period.
TCS's market capitalisation is up 18% since May 26, 2014, more than compensating for the decline in the market value of other major companies of the group such as Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Tata Power and Tata Global Beverages.
In all, the value of Tata Sons' investments in the group's listed companies is up 10.6% at Rs 4.34 lakh crore. Experts say the rise or fall in net worth depends on the portfolios of companies in various business houses — those with diversified portfolios such as the Tatas and the AV Birla group have either gained or weathered the recent turmoil in the stock market. “It's all about portfolio. Currently, the market is rewarding service sector companies or low-capital intensive manufacturing companies, while punishing heavy manufacturing and high-leveraged ones. This favours some promoters and goes against others,” says G Chokkalingam, founder and chief executive of Equinomics Research & Advisory.
This explains the rapid rise in the wealth of the promoters of IT companies, automakers and pharmaceutical companies. Siddhartha Lal of Eicher Motors is the biggest gainer, with a rise of two and half times in net worth. He is now worth Rs 27,000 crore, compared to his net worth of Rs 10,735 crore on the day the Modi government was sworn in. The Essar Group's Ruia brothers have more than doubled their net worth to Rs 29,100 crore from Rs 13,772 crore last year, thanks to a sharp rally in the Essar Oil stock. The net worth of Lupin's Desh Bandhu Gupta doubled to Rs 38,987 crore from about Rs 19,000 crore last year. The market's love for fast-growing pharmaceutical companies also helped Dilip Shanghvi of Sun Pharma (net worth up 47.8%) and Pankaj Patel of Cadila Healthcare (up 94%). Fortune also favoured the promoters of automakers and consumer goods companies, with high double-digit rises in the net worth of the Asian Paints promoters, Burmans of Dabur and the Godrej family.
Though social attitudes may change with time, videotape never does. Here are five examples of embarrassing advertising that companies no doubt wish had become dust in the wind. Come with us on a magical adventure of sexism, racism and fun! Advertisement
5 Mattel Dick Tracy Tommy Burst (1961) We hesitate to show this ad, as it will only highlight how lame your toys were as compared to those of the '60s. Watch as this kid pulls out his "toy" Dick Tracy revolver and actually kills some fool: So What's the Problem? As you see in the ad, kids needed toys like that because they had to get jobs as detectives as early as age eight. While the guns might have been far cooler looking and way more realistic than today's orange-capped plastic knockoffs, they also had the unfortunate side effect of getting the owner shot occasionally by trigger-happy police officers. Continue Reading Below Advertisement Also when you consider the YouTube comments: ... you have to think we're probably better off than them.
4 Jello Brand Gelatin (1959) Like a successful kamikaze pilot, something tells us that this wouldn't fly today. Perhaps it's the condescending narrator who frets for the "poor Chinese baby," or the way he lists the flavors as "olange" and "glape." So What's the Problem? Young and Rubicam, this commercial's creators and one of the largest advertising agencies in the United States, are the masterminds behind yet another well-known and beloved cartoon character: Joe Camel. This is the same company that would come back decades later and put Bill Cosby at the forefront of their ad campaign, though whether or not that was a step forward or back in racial attitudes is unclear.
3 Folgers Coffee (1963) Quite simply, a man makes a veiled threat to leave his wife for one of "the girls at the office" over the quality of her coffee-making skills. She switches to Folgers, and he agrees to have sex with her. We're not kidding. Continue Reading Below Advertisement So What's the Problem? If you never understood that whole feminist movement, that ad should provide a little context. "That's pretty harsh!" "Well, so's your coffee." Folgers went national as a brand in 1963, and immediately launched a series of ads targeted toward women who feared they were not living up to their role as effective servants to their male superiors. It looks unforgivable in retrospect, but then again, if you compare it to the industry's ad campaigns of the '50s...
2 Armstrong Vinyl Asbestos Floors (1965) Sure, we all love to dance in our active rooms. And who doesn't love the spongy feel of a nice big room-sized chunk of asbestos? So What's the Problem? Unfortunately, cutting the rug on this floor might also mean cutting the inside of your lungs with thousands of Armstrong-brand asbestos fibers. You'd probably be better off licking the Glidden-brand lead paint off of your active room's walls. Continue Reading Below Advertisement In 2002, Armstrong World Industries, Inc. faced over $852 million dollars in lawsuits from pissed-off homeowners, who came to the realization that maybe it wasn't just jazz and sweet Chesterfields that gave them mesothelioma in the '60s. In the end, Armstrong was forced to dish out over $2.5 billion and those swinging dance floors had to be scraped up by work crews wearing breathing apparatuses.
1 Winston Cigarettes (1962) For marketing cigarettes directly to kids, Joe Camel's got nothing on Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble. So What's the Problem? They might be lazy, incompetent and use tree bark as toilet paper, but they sure know a smooth, rich Winston when they see one. Commercials like these helped millions of baby-boomers make the right choice when it came to their future cigarette preferences. Yabba-dabba-do! So one hand you could say Winston won in the short term, earning billions off their addictive, life-shortening product. On the other hand, at least kids aren't exposed to smoking in popular media anymore. OK, never mind.
For some more up to date corporate idiocy take a stroll through the most meaningless corporate slogans. Or check out what happens when one of those creepy anti-Scientology videos from Anonymous goes horribly wrong.
More Articles
Fianna Fáil has accused Labour Party whip Emmet Stagg of “duplicity” because his private view on changes to lone parents' allowances is strongly opposed to that of party leader Joan Burton.
Mr Stagg was one of several Labour Party TDs who criticised the Tánaiste's activation policies for lone parents at a parliamentary party meeting.
Fianna Fáil TD Colm Keaveney tweeted a copy of an email which was sent by Mr Stagg responding to a person who said she would no longer support the party because of the changes in lone parent's allowance.
Mr Keaveney, a former member of Labour, claimed his erstwhile colleague was indulging in duplicity.
In the email, Mr Stagg said he voted in favour of the changes in 2012 because he believed that promised improvements in the child care system would be put in place. He acknowledged that they had not materialised.
He also voted with the Government in last week's private members motion, tabled by the Opposition after a July 2nd deadline which saw 30,000 people being transferred from lone parents' allowance to theory forms of social welfare.
The email from Mr Stagg states there have been angry exchanges in parliamentary party meetings over the issue.
“I simply fail to see how cutting the income of the very ones who are making a real effort to improve the lot of their families and themselves helps in some way to get out of the poverty trap. It clearly has the opposite effect.
“I will continue to press for a reversal of this bad decision,” he states.
The party leader, Tánaiste Joan Burton, has been responsible for the changes to the lone parent's allowance as Minister for Social Protection.
Job activation
Under the new system, which is a job activation measure, the allowances have been phased out for parents of older children since 2012, with a view to encourage them to increase their participation in the workplace.
Last night Mr Stagg said he had voted with the party whip in the two votes on the issue, unlike Mr Keaveney who had left the party after voting against its budget proposals in late 2011.
“I have argued against that policy and was one of a number of TDs who raised it at the parliamentary party meeting today.
“I believe the best place to argue your case is internally and I will continue to do so,” he said, adding that he believed the Tánaiste may make amendments.
A spokesman for the Tánaiste said Mr Stagg had acknowledged he had backed the party in the two key Dáil votes on the issue.
Craving a half-pound Mugshots burger with a side of beer-battered fries?
Starting Monday, you won't have to drive to Tuscaloosa to get your fix.
That's when Mugshots Grill & Bar opens its first Birmingham location -- and its second in Alabama -- in the former New Orleans Food & Spirits spot in the Vestavia Hills City Center.
The Tuscaloosa Mugshots, which opened in the fall of 2005 on Greensboro Avenue downtown, has become a favorite of University of Alabama students and Crimson Tide fans.
Co-founders and college buddies Ron Savell and Chris McDonald opened their first Mugshots in Hattiesburg, Miss., seven years ago, and including the new location here, have since opened six others in Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana.
"It started out from a little kitchen the size of a broom closet," McDonald says. "We kept growing and it kept evolving from our local college-town grill and bar into more of a family-oriented restaurant."
For the past four years, Mississippi magazine has named Mugshots that state's best burger.
The Mugshots menu features 16 different gourmet hamburgers -- including a mushroom burger, a steak burger, a peanut-butter burger and a black-bean burger -- but the customer favorite is the McDonald ($8.29), which is named after its co-founder.
It features a seasoned beef patty topped with strips of hickory-smoked bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, ranch dressing and barbecue sauce, served on a toasted sourdough bun with a side of fries.
"I thought it would be a good burger, but I never thought it would be our top seller," McDonald says of his namesake hamburger. "Over the years, though, that has been our most popular by far."
In addition to chicken salad, roast beef, tuna steak, ham and pepper jack cheese, a club and a Cuban, the signature sandwiches are the Briscoe Inferno ($7.99), a fried chicken breast tenderloin with Buffalo Jack's "wang" sauce, Swiss cheese, ranch dressing, lettuce and tomato; the Picou ($7.99), a boneless, skinless grilled chicken breast with Swiss cheese, hickory-smoked bacon, honey mustard, lettuce and tomato; and Howard's Steak Sandwich ($7.99), which comes with slices of marinated steak grilled with onions and peppers and is topped with melted pepper jack cheese. All of the sandwiches are served with fries or another side item.
Entrees, which come with two sides and a dinner roll, include grilled ahi tuna ($10.99), fried Southwest chicken ($8.99), grilled chicken breast ($8.99), hamburger steak ($8.99) and country-fried steak ($8.99)
Hours will be 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. seven days a week.
Mugshots Grill & Bar is at 1919 Kentucky Ave., Suite 101, across from the Rave Motions Pictures theater. The phone is 824-9030.
A WORD FROM THE DEVS
Game situation
[docs.google.com]
The next steps
And in the meantime
Hello everyone,Most of you know me, but for the new community members, I'm, producer & community manager in charge of Arena: Cyber Evolution at Spearhead Games.We have discussed during the past few weeks, all together, about ACE's future: what we want for the game and how to achieve it. Your feedback has been really positive and interesting.I'm presenting this vision here to make sure that everyone is aware of what is going on.After the tweaking and experimental process conducted in 2015, we went through a huge development process from November 2015 to May 2016. During these 6 months we have been able to conduct a wide Action Plan in order to upgrade the game's features and fix most of its mechanics.The game may not be perfect today, but it has never been better. Over the past two years we have been able to experiment and validate its core mechanics and propose a stable version of the game where everyone is able to enjoy the fun we wanted to share over this concept.We have completely refactored the UI, added more game modes, and improved most of the gameplay mechanics.We feel that we have something unique and interesting now and we believe in the viability of ACE as a great multiplayer game.But let's face the facts, we are a 15-person indie studio and our resources are not unlimited. We have done our best but a sports multiplayer game is a huge challenge, more than we ever thought. We know now that we won't be able to continue by ourselves and we need to move on with a different strategy and find a partner, now that we are able to present all the potential of this game.For sure, we could have continued to fix few things here and there, but what ACE really need is a long term development process and the related budget to reach its full potential. This is why we are now moving on a different path, and we are now looking for a private investor to build this strategy.We will gather everything which makes ACE unique and awesome, and build an investment pitch, strengthened by all the data we have from the events management we have conducted so far, to find a private investor for this project.This process will be conducted over the summer, and by the end of the year, we wish to secure a process and a budget to relaunch the game development.As most of you know, ACE has been developed on Unreal Engine 3, which was a great engine back in the time, but is now a bit out-dated, and we cannot continue to build a game with unsupported plugins. This is why this budget will aim to migrate ACE on Unreal Engine 4 as well.Developing Stories: The Path of Destinies allowed us to sharpen our skills on this game engine and we are excited to update ACE with everything UE4 has to offer.From there, after the migration, the game will be much more stable and much easier to maintain, allowing us to forecast the release of runners and customization assets on a proper calendar.The European Server will be upgraded in the next few days to a much more efficient hardware solution.We will continue to support theuntil the end of the current season (Oct 2016). All the in-game rewards and cash prizes are maintained.Make sure you are following us onto do not miss any of them.All the streaming sessions are maintained, but the Community Stream on Friday won't happen every week. Instead, it will become an announced event when we will have something to present to the community.Make sure you are following ACE onandto do not miss them.We'd like to thank everyone for their great support over all the game development process so far and we wish we will be able to come back to you with some great news as soon as possible.
Video
Sitting on the banks of the Thames, disabled artist and activist Liz Crow moulds little people from the raw river mud.
Over 10 consecutive days she is creating 650 figures to represent every constituency in the UK.
Liz wants to make people think about the people in power and how important each individual's vote is in the upcoming election.
Coinciding with the tide times of the Thames, she has to be carried down to the river bed in a specially-made sling while the tide is low, and carried back up to safety when the tide comes in.
Although not the focus of the piece, Liz says that these difficulties contribute to the art that she is creating.
The project will impact her health severely and she says it will take months for her to recover from it.
"It is an invisible part of the piece," she says, "but one of the things about the disability community is that massive judgements are made about what is seen in public and very little is known about what goes on behind closed doors."
For a subtitled version click here.
Video Journalist: Kate Monaghan
Follow @BBCOuch on Twitter and on Facebook, and listen to our monthly talk show
EXCLUSIVE: Tim Miller, who has done strong visual effects work through his VFX house Blur Films, was just set by 20th Century Fox to make his feature directing debut on X-Men Origins: Deadpool, the X-Men spinoff film expected to star Ryan Reynolds. Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick are writing the script and Lauren Shuler Donner is producing.
In X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Reynolds made his first appearance as Deadpool, also known as Wade Wilson, a smart-mouthed mercenary with terminal cancer who undergoes military experiments in an attempt to replicate Wolverine's mutant healing factor. He comes away with the ability to heal quickly, but for the price of being indestructible he is rendered severely scarred. His acerbic attitude remains, though, earning him the nickname “The Merc with a Mouth.” Reynolds will next be seen starring as another superhero, Green Lantern, for Warner Bros.
Fox has the Matthew Vaughn-directed X-Men Origins: First Class coming out June 3. The Wolverine was expected to be the next one in production, but the studio and Hugh Jackman are looking for a new director after Darren Aronofsky fell out. The film could begin shooting in the fall, but that could take longer to get under way.
As for Miller, he created and owns Blur Studio, where he has directed numerous cutting-edge video game trailers. Blur is currently doing all the pre-vis for Ron Howard on The Dark Tower. Miller and Blur were also very involved in the attempt to re-imagine the animated anthology Heavy Metal with segments to be directed by him, Jim Cameron, Zack Snyder, and David Fincher.
Quick! Name the last great Disney princess! Before you respond, let me tie one hand behind your back first. You can't name Elsa or Anna from Frozen. Instead, you have to pick someone before them. The rules of this exercise are fairly simple. It has to be someone that can sell a vast amount of merchandise while appealing to a broad range of demographics. In other words, it needs to be somebody from Disney movies. That rules out recent television staples such as Sofia the First.
What's your answer? Did you choose Merida, Rapunzel, or Tiana? All of them are viable responses yet their impact on The Walt Disney Company's Parks and Resorts division is minimal. Sure, Meet and Greets are available, and you'll notice them during park parades. To date, none of them has a ride named after them, which reduces their overall theme park footprint.
Enter Frozen
Even Mulan and Pocahontas lack this sort of presence. That means no Disney princess has directly impacted the Parks and Resorts part of the business since the early 1990s (!). Given this information, it's easy to understand why the company was slow to react to an amazing turning point. The release of their latest animated masterpiece, Frozen, in November of 2013 was obviously significant to the company; however, no one involved with the project could have anticipated what happened next.
Frozen evolved from an upbeat tale of sisterly love into the signature Disney intellectual property for women, and the escalation occurred in only a year. The entire series of events started innocently enough. Walt Disney Pictures promoted Frozen the same way they'd marketed co-director Jennifer Lee's previous film, Wreck-It Ralph. They'd already done something unusual for the company, though. Lee had only co-written the videogame-based story of her prior project.
With Frozen, Lee became the first female director for a Disney animated film. Her bosses could tell she had a uniquely female point-of-view that attracted women, who were already a bread-and-butter demographic for the company.
Still, Disney didn't go all-in on Frozen during its early days. Sure, they slotted it during one of the most lucrative box office periods on the calendar, Thanksgiving week, but they didn't saturate their television programs with ads the way they have more recently for titles such as Inside Out, The Avengers: Age of Ultron, or even Ant-Man. Their approach was modest, which makes the performance of Frozen all the more noteworthy. The film earned $90.6 million during its first week in wide release. For comparison, Wreck-It Ralph needed 10 days to reach that total.
An Instant Classic
Image: Disney
Disney started to appreciate that they had something special on their hands at this point. It received an 89 percent Fresh Rating at Rotten Tomatoes. More importantly, it received a Cinemascore of A+, something that fewer than five films a year manage on average. In the relatively short period of five weeks, the corporation recognized that they had badly missed the mark.
They'd anticipated a blockbuster hit on the level of Tangled, their wonderful 2010 retelling of the Rapunzel fairytale. That film grossed less than $600 million worldwide. Frozen reached $500 million by the end of 2013. It would go on to become the most popular animated film of all-time with worldwide box office of approximately $1.3 billion, more than twice what Tangled made. Disney had built their holiday merchandising program around the sales model for Brave. Oops.
Have you checked eBay?
Image: Disney
In late 2013, everyone wanted a piece of Frozen. Disney couldn't satisfy their needs. They grew so frustrated over the way that their retailers struggled with this issue that for the first time since Disneyland opened, they're switching Princess doll manufacturers from Mattel to Hasbro. They acknowledged customer dissatisfaction and took steps to meet the almost incomprehensible demand for Frozen.
Then, the company overcompensated in historic fashion by turning 2014 into the unofficial year of Frozen at Disney theme parks. Anyone who visited one of these places in 2014 knows what I mean. The fun actually began a week early when ABC aired their annual Disney parade. It featured a performance of Let It Go by Demi Lovato that dazzled onlookers. Amusingly, Disney filmed the concert two weeks prior to the movie's release, yet the crowd reaction identified that this song would be a blockbuster. Seriously, you can't even hear her due to this cheering in this clip.
This new open source complement to HDFS and Apache HBase is designed to fill gaps in Hadoop's storage layer that have given rise to stitched-together, hybrid architectures.
The set of data storage and processing technologies that define the Apache Hadoop ecosystem are expansive and ever-improving, covering a very diverse set of customer use cases used in mission-critical enterprise applications. At Cloudera, we're constantly pushing the boundaries of what's possible with Hadoop—making it faster, easier to work with, and more secure.
In late 2012, we began a long-term planning exercise to analyze gaps in the Apache Hadoop storage layer that were complicating or, in some cases, preventing Hadoop adoption for certain use cases. In the course of this evaluation, we noticed several important trends and ultimately decided that there was a need for new storage technology that would complement the capabilities of what HDFS and Apache HBase provide. Today, we are excited to announce Kudu, a new addition to the open source Hadoop ecosystem. Kudu aims to provide fast analytical and real-time capabilities, efficient utilization of modern CPU and I/O resources, the ability to do updates in place, and a simple and evolvable data model.
In the remainder of this post we'll offer an overview of our motivations for building Kudu, a brief explanation of its architecture, and outline our plan for growing a vibrant open source community in preparation for an eventual proposed donation to the ASF Incubator.
Gap in Capabilities
Within many Cloudera customers' environments, we've observed the emergence of “hybrid architectures” where several Hadoop tools are deployed simultaneously. Tools like HBase are fantastic at ingesting data, serving small queries extremely quickly, and allowing data to be updated in place. HDFS, in combination with tools like Impala that can process columnar file formats like Apache Parquet, provides extreme performance for analytic queries on extremely large datasets.
However, when a use case requires the simultaneous availability of capabilities that cannot all be provided by a single tool, customers are forced to build hybrid architectures that stitch multiple tools together. Customers often choose to ingest and update data in one storage system, but later reorganize this data to optimize for an analytical reporting use-case served from another.
Our customers have been successfully deploying and maintaining these hybrid architectures, but we believe that they shouldn't need to accept their inherent complexity. A storage system purpose built to provide great performance across a broad range of workloads provides a more elegant solution to the problems that hybrid architectures aim to solve.
A complex hybrid architecture designed to cover gaps in storage system capabilities
New Hardware
Another trend we've observed at customer sites is the gradual deployment of more capable hardware. First, we saw a steady growth in the amount of RAM that our customers are deploying, from 32GB per node in 2012 to 128GB or 256GB today. Additionally, it's increasingly common for commodity nodes to include some amount of SSD storage. HBase, HDFS, and other Hadoop tools are being adapted to take advantage of this changing hardware landscape, but these tools were architected in a context where the most common bottleneck to overall system performance was the speed of the disks underlying the Hadoop cluster. Choices optimal for a spinning-disk storage architecture are not necessarily optimal for more modern architectures where large amounts of data can be cached in memory, and where random access times on persistent storage can be more than 100x faster.
Additionally, with a faster storage layer, the bottleneck to overall system performance is often no longer the storage layer itself. Generally, the next bottleneck that we see is CPU performance. With a slower storage layer, inefficiency in CPU utilization is often hidden beneath the storage bottleneck, but as the storage layer gets faster, CPU efficiency becomes much more critical.
We believe that there's room for a new Hadoop storage system that is designed from the ground up to work with these modern hardware configurations and that emphasize CPU efficiency.
Introducing Kudu
To address these trends we investigated two separate approaches: incremental modifications to existing Hadoop tools, or building something entirely new. The design goals that we aimed to address were:
Strong performance for both scan and random access to help customers simplify complex hybrid architectures
High CPU efficiency in order to maximize the return on investment that our customers are making in modern processors
High IO efficiency in order to leverage modern persistent storage
The ability to update data in place, to avoid extraneous processing and data movement
The ability to support active-active replicated clusters that span multiple data centers in geographically distant locations
We prototyped strategies for achieving these goals within existing open source projects, but eventually came to the conclusion that large architectural changes were necessary to achieve our goals. These changes were extensive enough that building an entirely new data storage technology was necessary. We started development more than three years ago, and we are proud to share the result of our effort thus far: a new data storage technology that we call Kudu.
Kudu provides a combination of a characteristic for providing fast analytics on fast data.
Kudu's Basic Design
From a user perspective, Kudu is a storage system for tables of structured data. Tables have a well-defined schema consisting of a predefined number of typed columns. Each table has a primary key composed of one or more of its columns. The primary key enforces a uniqueness constraint (no two rows can share the same key) and acts as an index for efficient updates and deletes.
Kudu tables are composed of a series of logical subsets of data, similar to partitions in relational database systems, called Tablets. Kudu provides data durability and protection against hardware failure by replicating these Tablets to multiple commodity hardware nodes using the Raft consensus algorithm. Tablets are typically tens of gigabytes, and an individual node typically holds 10-100 Tablets.
Kudu has a master process responsible for managing the metadata that describes the logical structure of the data stored in Tablet Servers (the catalog), acting as a coordinator when recovering from hardware failure, and keeping track of which tablet servers are responsible for hosting replicas of each Tablet. Multiple standby master servers can be defined to provide high availability. In Kudu, many responsibilities typically associated with master processes can be delineated to the Tablet Servers due to Kudu's implementation of Raft consensus, and the architecture provides a path to partitioning the master's duties across multiple machines in the future. We do not anticipate that Kudu's master process will become the bottleneck to overall cluster performance and on tests on a 250-node cluster the server hosting the master process has been nowhere near saturation.
Data stored in Kudu is updateable through the use of a variation of log-structured storage in which updates, inserts, and deletes are temporarily buffered in memory before being merged into persistent columnar storage. Kudu protects against spikes in query latency generally associated with such architectures through constantly performing small maintenance operations such as compactions so that large maintenance operations are never necessary.
Kudu provides direct APIs, in both C++ and Java, that allow for point and batch retrieval of rows, writes, deletes, schema changes, and more. In addition, Kudu is designed to integrate with and improve existing Hadoop ecosystem tools. With Kudu's beta release integrations with Impala, MapReduce, and Apache Spark are available. Over time we plan on making Kudu a supported storage option for most or all of the Hadoop ecosystem tools.
A much more thorough description of Kudu's architecture can be found in the Kudu white paper.
The Kudu Community
Kudu already has an extensive set of capabilities, but there's still work to be done and we'd appreciate your help. Kudu is fully open source software, licensed under the Apache Software License 2.0. Additionally, we intend to submit Kudu to the Apache Software Foundation as an Apache Incubator project to help foster its growth and facilitate its usage.
The binaries for Kudu (beta) are currently available and can be downloaded from here. We've also created several installation options to help you get Kudu up and running quickly so that you can try it out—outlined in our documentation posted here. Today we're also making the full history of Kudu development available both in our github repository and in a public export of our issue tracking system. Going forward, Kudu development will be done completely transparently and publicly.
Several companies—including AtScale, Intel, Splice Machine, Xiaomi, Zoomdata, and more—have already provided substantial feedback and contributions to help make Kudu better, but this is just the beginning. We welcome any feedback or contributions from anyone that has an interest in the use cases that Kudu addresses.
Based on the above we're confident you will agree that Kudu complements HDFS and HBase to address real needs across the Hadoop community. We look forward to working with the community to improve Kudu over time.
Resources for Getting Involved
Todd Lipcon will present Kudu design goals and architecture at the NYC HUG meeting on Tues. Sept. 29. Strata + Hadoop World NYC attendees can also see a Kudu technical session on Wednesday, Sept. 30, and AMA session on Thursday, Oct. 1
Todd Lipcon is a software engineer at Cloudera, where he has spent the last three years leading the Kudu team. He is also a committer and PMC Member on Apache HBase and Apache Hadoop, where he has contributed primarily in the areas of performance, durability, and high availability.
Michael Crutcher is responsible for storage products at Cloudera, including HDFS, HBase, and Kudu. He was previously a product manager at Pivotal responsible for Greenplum Database and a data engineer at Amazon where he helped design and manage its data warehouse environment.
By Siukei Cheung
As an elderly man rode his tricycle full of recycling around a street corner in Beijing, a loose wire ripped a young girl's jeans and left a mother utterly furious. The woman demanded a sum no less than 50 yuan (which is a lot when you pick up trash for a living), refusing to leave until she was compensated for the heinous affliction that this hapless man had caused her.
Onlookers claimed that immediately after the incident, the old man got off his bike and begged for forgiveness, even bowing ten times to reinforce his sincere regret. The mother, unimpressed, continued to demand financial retribution. To this the man pulled out a fist full of change amounting to 8.4 yuan and a couple of receipts. Seemingly untroubled by any semblance of moral conscience, she persevered through police mediation and public disgust until the money was given her thanks to a few generous onlookers.
Update #1: It's been pointed out to us that this story may be less than truthful, the same apocryphal story – of a heartless woman forcing money out of a poor old man – appeared in 2008.
[Via: Weibo]
Follow @shanghaiist
DJ Walker-Morgan over on the Open H has a post up saying that the open source developer community should thank Apple for raising the competitive bar and in using some open source technology in its products. I say rubbish! Do the police thank the Mafia for making them work harder?
Walker-Morgan's fuzzy logic has it that Microsoft had lowered the bar so low (I love it, another Apple fan boy bashing Microsoft. Maybe they can do a commercial on that or something) that open source developers were "doing just enough" to beat Microsoft. It wasn't until Steve Jobs took all of his open source based know how and technology and fused it into Apple, that the open source community had to really try its best in order to do one better than Apple.
Utter nonsense! First of all, if Apple is using all of that open source technology, how is it that none of what they push down to us is open source? In my mind that makes Apple a parasite of open source. They have used the technology, are not making the resulting products open source and are contributing zero back to the community. Why is that any different with that and what the Mafia does? They both are just taking, not giving back and living off of the work of others.
Here is another issue. Whether Apple was open or not, there would still be competition to its products. It is pure capitalism at its finest. That some of that competition would be open source is a testament to the open source movement's success. But taking Walker-Morgan's reasoning, why wouldn't Apple's success push Microsoft, Blackberry or any other vendor to a higher level too? Are only open source models subject to the market laws of competition?
My next point is Mac OSX is not what is responsible for Apple's success. Apple made a smartphone that made it easy for people to use. It looked pretty, it worked and was and is a black box, locked up every which way from Sunday by Apple. They capitalized on the iPhone and come out with the iPad. Again the marketing and sheer prettiness are worthy of admiration. But is the technology rocket science or ground-breaking? No, I don't think so.
It remains to be seen whether the iPad will dominate the tablet or whatever you want to call that market. For all the hype it may turn out that the iPhone is not the big winner in the smartphone wars and in spite of all their success, the Macintosh computer has still never gone over 10% market share, compared to that other company up in Redmond.
All of that and they are probably less open source friendly than Microsoft ever was. If they were more open source, maybe we would have flash or other rich media on all of our smartphones right now. Maybe we would really see more not less competition in the app market. Maybe they wouldn't have a stranglehold on the music industry.
Mr. Walker-Morgan saying that Apple makes open source better is like saying the Mafia made the police better. It would be better if they didn't have to!
Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded.
While the colors blue and gray are almost iconically associated with the opposing ground forces of the Civil War, early in the conflict many regiments reporting for duty on either side were much more colorfully attired. Some rebel troops wore blue, some northern troops wore gray, units on both sides sported every shade of red, green, black, white or even tartan, and uniform patterns were almost completely non-standardized.
This discordant variety of military garb reflected not just diverse aesthetic sensibilities but, in some cases, ideological ones as well, and was a virtual barometer for the lack of strong central organization in either the Confederate or Federal camps. Uniforms for volunteer units were produced not according to the specifications of national war departments but to those of state militia authorities or even units themselves, and were issued not from central quartermaster depots but from local storehouses — or even ordered from tailors by individuals.
These disparate supply systems were not well suited to clothing the many troops that would ultimately be called into service for the war or to supplying them for the extended period it would last. And even the centralized mechanisms that were in place early in the conflict did not reflect the organization that would be required to outfit the two great military machines that eventually faced each other.
Library of Congress
As late as April 1861, for example, the Confederate Quartermaster General was placing orders for regular army uniforms that included blue battle tunics. And the Confederate system of “commutation,” in which the government reimbursed volunteers for providing their own uniforms, ensured that many troops wore civilian clothes, in whole or in part, the first year or two of the war.
Some of the most familiar of the exotic uniforms, of course, were those worn by zouaves — light infantrymen clad in baggy pantaloons, gaiters, braided jackets, sashes and tasseled fezzes or turbans, clothing more typical of North Africa than North America. Such uniforms were, in fact, inspired by those first worn by French colonial troops in Algeria in the decade before the U.S. Civil War, and both the Union and Confederacy had units that wore them.
While the zouaves' colorful uniforms are well known, they were not unique in their diversity, and atypical uniforms, many with an ethnic emphasis, were used by units on both sides. Some were patterned on those worn by various European troop types, especially skirmishers (e.g., French chasseurs, German jaegers).
The 79th New York Volunteer Infantry, the “Highland Guard,” provides a particularly colorful example. Formed under the auspices of state militia authorities in 1858, it was essentially a Scottish-American tribute unit that took its numerical designation and the tartan for its uniforms from the British military's 79th Regiment of Foot, the “Cameron Highlanders” (it was even backed in part by the brother of Secretary of War Simon Cameron). Beyond these cosmetic commonalities, however, it had no actual connection to the original Scottish unit and was more or less a privately funded social club.
Library of Congress
Official uniform for the New York Highland Guard's soldiers included wool trousers patterned with the chiefly red-and-black plaid tartan of the Scottish 79th; a dark blue jacket with red cording and red cuffs, and collars with white piping; a dark blue boat-shaped Scottish cap called a glengarry, complemented with a plaid band; and low-quarter leather shoes with false buckles.
New York State Militia guidelines precluded unit members from wearing kilts, but they ignored these provisions and did so anyway when on parade, wearing non-standard civilian-pattern versions in the same tartan as their trousers, holding them up with suspenders. They paired these with red and white diced hose and sporrans — pouches worn with kilts that took the place of pockets — made of nappy white horsehide and accented with black tassels.
Related Disunion Highlights Explore multimedia from the series and navigate through past posts, as well as photos and articles from the Times archive. See the Highlights »
Another New York unit distinguished by its couture was the 39th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment, colloquially known as the “Garibaldi Guard” or the “Italian Legion.” Many of its members were, in fact, already combat veterans, followers of revolutionary leader Giuseppe Garibaldi during the Second Italian War of Independence. They showed their commitment to Garibaldi's ideals by adopting blousy red shirts similar to those they had worn as soldiers in Italy. (There was also, interestingly, a Louisiana-based “Garibaldi Legion” of Italians that fought for the Confederacy and wore red jackets.)
Southern militia and volunteer units were just as likely to have atypical uniforms as their northern counterparts, and also included both zouaves and other sorts of troops. A notable example of the former was “Wheat's Special Battalion,” a Louisiana infantry outfit made up of largely of immigrants, street thugs, dockworkers and military adventurers.
At the other end of the social spectrum stood the Washington Artillery, a New Orleans militia battalion that had been formed in 1838, fought in the Mexican-American War of 1846-48 and functioned as an exclusive men's club. Prospective members had to apply, pay a fee and be accepted by an examination committee.
The Washington Artillery dress uniform included a dark blue frock coat with red collar, sky-blue trousers (with a gold stripe along the outer seam for officers and a red one for enlisted men), and a red kepi with a blue band and a brass device consisting of crossed cannons and the letters “WA” (augmented with a pelican for officers); enlisted men's uniforms also had red cuffs. Brass buttons, belt buckles and epaulettes (gold for officers) — emblazoned with various forms of pelican or the letters “WA” or “NO” as appropriate — buff white leather accoutrements (black for officers), and white gloves and gaiters completed the ensemble.
The Clinch Rifles of Augusta, Ga., was another unit formed by the social elite of its community and, when the War Between the States began, its uniform was patterned after the newest U.S. Army infantry uniform. Following the European tradition for infantrymen, however, the frock coat and trousers were forest green in color with gold braid trim, as was the forage cap, or kepi, worn by such troops even for dress purposes (and generally only in the field by regular units).
Soon after the first shots of the Civil War were fired, the exotic uniforms began to disappear and, as the war escalated and then ground on for months, then years, these colorful outfits became increasingly rare. Many of them were not practical for combat, were too expensive or logistically difficult to maintain or replace, or were too easily confused with enemy uniforms (as was the case with the uniforms of the Washington Artillery).
Some units did maintain muted versions or elements of their original uniforms, especially those organized as zouaves, whose uniforms had the benefit of being generally well-suited to hot weather and rough terrain. Predominantly, however, the realities of supplying great armies dictated that the opposing central governments overseeing the war efforts issue clothing in the uniform styles and colors that are most often associated with them. Countless patterns converged into a much narrower range dominated by standardized frock coats, jackets, trousers and forage caps, and the broad palette of colors was reduced, for the most part, to just two.
And so the festive diversity of uniforms largely vanished, leaving the opposing ground forces clad primarily in the two familiar and iconic colors. And with the colorful pageantry went the idea that the war was a grand adventure, displaced by the brutal realization that it was something far more grim and industrialized, fought not by individuals but by monolithic forces of blue and gray.
Sources: James P. Gannon, “Irish Rebels, Confederate Tigers: A History of the 6th Louisiana Volunteers, 1861-1865”; New York Historical Society; New York State Military Museum and Veterans Research Center; Don Troiani, et al, “Don Troiani's Regiments and Uniforms of the Civil War”; Michael O. Varhola, “Life in Civil War America.”
Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook.
Michael O. Varhola is a writer, editor and publisher who lives in the hill country north of San Antonio, Tex. He is author of “Life in Civil War America” and “Everyday Life During the Civil War,” is a co-author of “Armchair Reader: Civil War,” and has written many articles on the conflict.
The Heat took the floor on Wednesday against one of the league's most rugged teams, and for three quarters nearly shot its way to a victory.
But size wasn't on the Heat's side and neither was rest playing on the second night of a back-to-back. With three of its centers out of commission, the Heat faded in the fourth quarter at Memphis' FedEx Forum to lose 107-102 to the Grizzlies and relinquish first place in the Eastern Conference to the Indiana Pacers.
While the Heat was without sick or injured players in Memphis, the Pacers simply rested all five of its starters against the embarrassing Milwaukee Bucks. The unconventional strategy by Pacers coach Frank Vogel paid off. The Pacers defeated the Bucks in overtime to move a half game ahead of the Heat in the standings.
Of course, that can all change on Friday when the Heat hosts the Pacers in what could be both teams' most important game of season.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Instead of risking injury this close to the playoffs, the Heat played it safe and rested Dwyane Wade for his eighth consecutive game, and gave Chris Andersen the night off. Andersen played through a sore back on Tuesday against the Brooklyn Nets, but watched from the bench in Memphis. He is expected to play an important role in the Heat's home game against the Pacers. Greg Oden also did not play against Memphis.
Whether or not Udonis Haslem will be available for the marquee game on Friday is unknown. Haslem did not travel with the Heat to Memphis due to a stomach virus, and Heat coach Erik Spoelstra wasn't sure if Haslem would be available for the Heat's penultimate home game of regular season.
LeBron James led the Heat with 37 points, going 14 of 23 from the field and 3 of 5 from three-point range. He was also 6 of 7 from the free throw line. Rashard Lewis had 17 points off the bench. The Heat was 15 of 25 from three-point range (60 percent) in the loss. Chris Bosh scored 13 points.
A corner three-pointer by Mike Conley gave the Grizzlies a 100-93 lead with 4:03 left and James let out a noticeable sigh of frustration amid the 18,000 screaming fans at FedEx Forum. Then it was Nick Calathes' turn to send the building to its collective feet.
The former star point guard for the University of Florida stripped Ray Allen of the ball to trigger a fast break that ended with another three-pointer by Conley. That put the Grizzlies ahead by 10 points with 3:34 left.
A clear-path foul by Mario Chalmers on Conley with 2:18 left put the Grizzlies back in front by 10 points, and a stunning baseline dunk by Grizzlies sixth man Tony Allen was the exclamation point on a badly needed win by Memphis. Entering the game, the Grizzlies trailed the Phoenix Suns by one game in the loss column for the eighth and final playoff position in the Western Conference standings.
Conley led the Grizzlies with 26 points, going 10 of 18 from the field and 3 of 7 from the three-point range. Zach Randolph had 25 points and Marc Gasol had 20 points. Memphis shot 55.1 percent and out-rebounded the Heat 41-27.
A three-pointer by seldom-used forward Justin Hamilton gave the Heat an eight-point lead with 3:53 remaining in the third quarter, but the Grizzlies closed the period with a flourish and tied the game 80-80 entering the fourth quarter.
A lean-in jumper from 20 feet by James gave the Heat a five-point lead with 20 seconds left in the third quarter, but the Grizzlies amazingly reeled off five points in the final second of the quarter to tie it. Following a layup by Gasol with one second remaining, Heat reserve point guard Norris Cole committed a turnover in the open court. Memphis guard Tony Allen inbounded the final possession to Courtney Lee, who somehow got off a running one-handed three-pointer before the buzzer. Officials initially ruled the shot came after the buzzer, but overturned the ruling after a video review. Lee finished with 18 points.
In the first three quarters of the game, the Heat shot 53.3 percent from the field and 57.1 percent (12 of 21) from three-point range.
Gasol opened the fourth quarter with a driving dunk to give the Grizzlies its first lead since the first quarter, and Memphis quickly built a six-point lead on a well-timed three-pointer by Conley a few impressive open-court dunks by Allen, the Grizzlies' defensive stalwart.
On paper, the Heat seemed outmanned to begin the game, but the three-point shot is the great equalizer, and so the visiting team turned a game it in which it was grossly overmatched in the paint into a shooting range. The Heat started the game 9 of 10 from distance.
For almost two years now, I have been steadily gathering a number of definitions of “the gospel” in an ongoing series entitled “Gospel Definitions.” As far as I know, this is the largest grouping of gospel definitions on the internet today.
This post includes links to dozens of definitions of “the gospel.” I have alphabetized the ones that are by name, and I have separated the ones that come from groups, ministries, and confessions of faith. (See a PDF version of all of them.)
Definitions from Christians in the Past
Gilbert Beebe
F.F. Bruce
Jeremiah Burroughs
W.A. Criswell
C.H. Dodd
Robert A. Guelich
J. Hampton Keathley
George Eldon Ladd
Martin Luther
M.F. Sadler
Richard Sibbes
William Tyndale
Zacharias Ursinus
Definitions from Christians in the Present
Danny Akin
Craig Bartholomew
Alistair Begg
Jim Belcher
Pope Benedict XVI
Michael Bird
John Blanchard
Lorraine Boettner
C.C. Broyles
Robert F. Capon
D.A. Carson
Knox Chamblin
Andy Crouch
Mark Dever
David Dockery
Millard Erickson
Graeme Goldsworthy
Tim Keller
A.B. Luter, Jr.
Rick McKinley
Scot McKnight
Mike Mercer (Chaplain Mike)
Josh Moody
Roger Nicole
J.I. Packer
Darrin Patrick
Michael Patton
John Piper
Jeff Purswell
R.C. Sproul
Ed Stetzer
Sam Storms
Tullian Tchividjian
Derek Thomas
Joe Thorn
Steve Timmis
Allen Wakabayashi
Derek Webb
Michael Wittmer
N.T. Wright
Organizational and Corporate Definitions
Antioch Network
Evangelical Celebration
Dictionary.com
The Gospel Coalition
Evangelical Dictionary of Theology
Heart Cry
IVP Dictionary of the New Testament
Sovereign Grace Ministries
Wycliffe Bible Encyclopedia
Kingdom People Articles on “The Gospel”
The Trinitarian Gospel: Why We Need All Three Parts
The Gospel of God: Personal Atonement or Christ's Kingdom?
Don't Replace the Substitute
Gospel Confrontation and Gospel Comfort
The most advanced cryptocurrency in the industry is proud to announce the release of a simplified web wallet on the 27th November 2017.
The wallet works as a standalone application and is also compatible for easy integration into websites for payment services. This wallet is step number two out of seven in the “BitBay|Easy” development line that kicked off with BitBay's recently released block explorer. It provides users the ability to send and receive coins without the need to synchronize to a blockchain.
Providing New Possibilities
Mobile app development — Our mobile app is still scheduled to be released in Q1 of 2018. With the web wallet complete, we can begin integration of the wallet into the App GUI. This will become the first mobile app wallet in the industry with multisignature account capabilities and advanced timelock payment options.
Website Hosted Integration — Now websites have the ability to provide payment options without the regulatory hassle, fraudulent refunds, nor high-end fees associated with standard fiat based payment solutions like credit cards and paypal. Consumers can minimize the amount of private information required for billing information on a website, eliminating fear that a data breach will bring that information into the wrong hands.No private key data is stored on a website host — therefore it's impossible for a data breach on a website compromising your wallet. This wallet will also increase adoption for ‘easy button' users.
This can provide a semi-trustless environment for websites to host applications like, poker games, exchanges, binary options, etc.
Future Advanced Features and Applications
Standalone application — We will soon release a standalone version with advanced payment options like timelock transactions and the ability to create multisignature accounts up to 16/16.
Full web integration — Porting our smart contracts and marketplace to web wallet will make the tech more accessible to everyone and thus drive adoption. Businesses will be able to use it “under the hood” for their own solutions. Forums and auction sites will have an easy way to set up a secure marketplace/payment solution with very little effort.
Mobile marketplace — With our roadmap poised to complete the release of the mobile app and bitmessage server in Q1 of 2018, once completed we can begin development of our web based mobile marketplace. This will be a simplified version of our Client's marketplace.
Conclusion
BitBay recognizes that there are always ‘two sides of the spectrum'. One side demands abiding by the basic principles cryptocurrency was founded upon. Trustless decentralized trade environment is vital for any coin to succeed in the future. While the other side demands an ‘easy button' approach and is willing to sacrifice some freedoms for the sake of practicality. We believe in providing an option for both. With security being the highest priority, it will help us remain at the top of the leaderboard in terms of functionality for programmable cryptocurrencies.
A person claiming to be a student at USU threatened a massive school shooting would happen if Anita Sarkeesian did not cancel her speech.
Update: Utah State University's police department stated there was no risk to USU students. The email threat arrived late Monday evening. USU police worked with state and federal law enforcement and determined there was "no threat to students, staff or the speaker, so no alert was issued."
Anita Sarkeesian wrote on Twitter that USU did not notify her of the threat and that she found out about it via news stories and Twitter. She has decided to refrain from speaking at Utah institutions until firearms are banned from schools.
USU spokesperson Tim Vitale told FOX 13 Now in Salt Lake City the school will again review state law concerning firearms at schools.
Greg Skordas, Salt Lake City defense attorney, said USU would have been within its rights to restrict firearms, FOX 13 Now reports.
Original story: Utah State University stated it received a threatening email today from someone claiming to be a student; the person directed threats at the Center for Women and Gender Studies ahead of a talk Anita Sarkeesian of Feminist Frequency was scheduled to give tomorrow morning. USU stated Sarkeesian has canceled her speech. Classes and business will continue.
A spokesperson for USU's Center for Women and Gender Studies said the email was sent to the director of the center, the Standard Examiner reported. In this article, USU spokesperson Tim Vitale said USU planned to hold the event with extra security at the event. Federal and state agencies advised USU that it was all right to still hold the event. However, the speech has been canceled.
Utah State Today, the campus' online news source, reports Sarkeesian decided to cancel the speech after speaking with police on whether weapons are permitted at the speaking venue. Police confirmed that people are allowed to carry a weapon at the venue if they have a concealed firearm permit in accordance with Utah state law.
Sarkeesian wrote on Twitter, "Forced to cancel my talk at USU after receiving death threats because police wouldn't take steps to prevent concealed firearms at the event." Because of Utah's open carry laws, police cannot do firearm searches, Sarkeesian said. Sarkeesian alleged she has received many threats with intent to kill her and others at USU, and she also alleged "one threat did claim affiliation with #gamergate."
The email threatened the sender would carry out an attack in the syle of the Montreal Massacre, which took place in Canada of 1989 and resulted in 14 women killed, 10 injured, and four men killed. Before committing suicide, the attacker said he was "fighting feminism."
The threats in the email sent to USU escalated, calling what could happen the "deadliest school shooting in American history."
The sender claimed to be a student at the university, writing, "Feminists have ruined my life and I will have my revenge, for my sake and the sake of all the others they've wronged."
This is far from the first time threats have been issued at a venue for hosting Sarkeesian. Last weekend officials confirmed to Polygon threats were directed at GeekGirlCon for Sarkeesian's appearance. Sarkeesian had to leave her home in August when she's receiving death threats directed at her and her family and reported the incident to the San Francisco Police Department, who confirmed the existence of the police report. The FBI is now investigating.
In addition, Brianna Wu, head of development at Giant Spacekat, had to leave her home Friday night after receiving death threats. Wu has recently appeared on MSNBC, CNN, and the Huffington Post, to speak about her harassment and GamerGate.
Independent game developer Zoe Quinn also had to leave her home in August due to threats since the beginning of GamerGate.
The Escapist has contacted Sarkeesian and Utah State University for comment. USU's police department directed media inquiries to Utah State Today.
Source: Utah State University, Utah State Today via The Standard Examiner
Iran on Monday vowed a “decisive” and “crushing” retort should the United States label its Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) as a terrorist organization.
“We are hopeful that the United States does not make this strategic mistake,” said Bahram Qasemi, a spokesman for the foreign ministry, as reported by Reuters.
“If they do, Iran's reaction would be firm, decisive and crushing and the United States should bear all its consequences.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The comments come as President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is reportedly planning to decertify the Iran nuclear agreement, which provided Tehran with sanctions relief in exchange for curbs to its nuclear program. Congress would have 60 days to reimpose sanctions on Iran should Trump decertify the accord.
The president is also projected to designate Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps as a terrorist organization, according to the news outlet.
Mohammad Ali Jafari, the commander of IRGC, warned the United States against re-implementing sanctions on Iran, saying Sunday that doing so would place U.S. military bases at risk.
“If the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American army to be like Islamic State all around the world particularly in the Middle East,” Jafari said.
Maybe the bookies know something Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink doesn't about becoming next permanent QPR boss after their 0-0 draw with Preston yesterday (see gallery).
The former Chelsea legend, now in charge at Burton Albion, shot from 25/1 to 5/4 overnight on Friday but played down speculation he was headed back to west London.
The Dutchman said: “The speculation doesn't bother me.
"I can't control that, I can't handle that. I'm totally focused on Burton – that's the only thing I can do.
"I'm focused on my boys, we are together and that's the only thing I can say. People will talk or say things but we have to work in the right way with the same intensity, and try to be ready for the games to come.”
Nigel Pearson has moved top of the odds pile at 6/5. Interim head coach Neil Warnock, back for a second spell at Loftus Road, is second at 7/2 and Hasselbaink has drifted, if that's the word, with BetVictor to 5/1.
Image copyright Getty Images
From ayatollahs railing against the Great Satan (aka the United States) to whip-wielding policemen on motorbikes, Iran hasn't presented the most inviting face to the outside world over the last few decades. But a few days ago the UK Foreign Office stopped telling travellers to avoid non-essential trips. So what's it like for a visiting foreigner? Amy Guttman shares her experiences.
I'm fairly fearless in far-flung places, but arriving in Tehran made me nervous. As a single, white female, I stuck out. I scanned the hall for my guide Amin, and didn't relax until I spotted his placard with my name on it.
British, American and Canadian tourists must be accompanied at all times by a guide. This meant Amin, short in stature, but long in kindness, would spend the next eight days with me - many of them stretching from dawn until late at night. Amin, with his warm smile, sharp sense of humour, and gentle nature became like a brother to me. He also became my accountant. Hotels, food and souvenirs are roughly on a par with American prices, but for an outsider working this out can be tricky - Iran uses the rial, but prices are often in toman, which equal 10 rials... Let's just say there are several zeros to contend with, and long-division skills are a necessity.
Image copyright Amy Guttman Image caption A view of the Alborz Mountains beyond Tehran
Hotels in Iran are like a time warp, circa 1979. That's when the Islamic Revolution forced the termination of all foreign hotel contracts. Nowadays, they're referred to by their former names, like "the old Sheraton". But despite the lack of modern amenities and contemporary decor, the hotels I experienced were very clean, and functional.
Breakfast is tea, dates, and watermelon, served with thick, sesame-topped flatbread and honey or quince jam, and sometimes whipped cream. Yes, whipped cream!
The only thing missing was coffee - good coffee. A government backlash against Western habits, such as socialising in coffee shops, has shuttered many of Tehran's cafes. A few good coffee shops near the university and north Tehran remain, but even the strongest cup doesn't taste like a proper Americano. On the other hand, coffee drinking - and cupcakes in typical American flavours such as red velvet - are gaining in popularity. A Persian Starbucks would have bright prospects.
Image caption Amy Guttman at the Golestan Palace in Tehran
The Espinas Hotel, built in 2009, comes closest to five-star luxury. An influx of foreign tourists has provided valuable lessons for local hoteliers like Amir Mousapour, who manages the Espinas. "European guests always ask for quiet rooms, away from the street, on high floors," he tells me. "We never had that request before."
According to the Tehran Times, the number of European tourists who visited the country in spring 2014 was more than double the number who visited in the same period a year earlier.
All women, including foreign tourists, must wear a headscarf and manteau, a loose robe covering neck to knee, including elbows. Only the most religious are cloaked in black. Most women embrace colours and patterns.
An entire cottage industry has emerged to supply this mandatory uniform. At one end of the scale you find bespoke interpretations from design studios in sophisticated styles such as a pale-blue linen duster coat, or fabric overlays in contrasting shades. Some are casual, others elegant.
But there is a manteau for everyone. I wore a shirt dress over trousers, which was totally acceptable, but visited Tehran's Friday Market to buy more manteaux for the rest of my trip. There were rooms and rooms of vendors selling antiquities, handicrafts, jewellery, household goods, rugs and clothing, all crowded with local people. Most tourists head to the Grand Bazaar, but it's the Friday Market where the bargains are - and haggling is a must.
Image copyright ALAMY Image caption Iranian women at the Grand Bazaar in Tehran, in 2014
I wandered through it with Sarah, another guide, who watched me admire an inexpensive, vintage pendant and instructed me not to buy it. "I have one just like it at home. I will give it to you," Sarah said. The legendary Persian hospitality was in full swing, with no expectation of anything in return. I was relieved she was by my side, when I received a warning from the religious police - my headscarf had slipped to the back of my neck and needed to be returned to the top of my head.
One long road, Vali Asr, divides the east and west of Tehran, charting the personalities of the city as it snakes from south to north. The south is home to the more religious and traditional, working and middle classes. The north is home to Tehran's elite, successful business owners and the Alborz Mountains. In the south you find affordable dress shops selling conservative styles - further north, these turn into boutiques, which wouldn't be out of place in a European capital.
The streets are quiet in Tehran in the early morning - until the rush-hour begins. Then they become choked with traffic, and it stays that way all day and into the night. Apart from that it's easy to get around Tehran, and the rest of the country too. Most tourists travel by car, often with a guide who is also a driver. The roads seemed perfectly safe to me.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A cleric stokes the coals of the "sacred eternal flame" at the Zoroastrian Fire Temple
I also took a short, domestic flight to the city of Yazd, famous for its 15 different cookies and a Fire Temple, containing a flame kept alight since 470 AD.
In the departures hall, before the flight back to Tehran, men and women were quite casual about mixing in public. A friendly man in his mid-thirties, carrying a box of cookies for his family back home, struck up a conversation with me. We joked about everyday topics and his geniality didn't stop once we boarded the plane. After we landed, he saw me waiting for Amin while family members and taxi drivers came to meet others. "Are you OK? Is someone coming for you?" he asked. I assured him my guide was probably delayed by traffic, but he insisted on waiting with me until Amin arrived.
I also met women who made a big impression. Fatemeh Fereidooni established her own travel agency two years ago. She's a strong, single woman and the first to offer culinary tours in Iran - as good a sign as any, that Western tourism is on the up. With eight different kinds of bread in Tehran alone and each region of the country producing its own unique watermelon, there is no shortage of stops. Dishes like lamb with pomegranates and walnuts, herb stew with beans and turmeric-seasoned beef or jewelled saffron rice with slivers of almonds and dried fruit read like an Ottolenghi menu - an imaginative reinvention of Middle Eastern cuisine - except they are Persian classics.
Image copyright ALAMY Image caption A tourist admires the facade of the Golestan Palace
The steady increase in Western guests has already given Iranians a chance to study what it is that these visitors want - from their obsession with food, to their quest for a good night's sleep.
Thankfully, Mr Mousapour and his colleagues are learning to set aside a few quiet rooms.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
NEWARK - Devils defenseman and captain Andy Greene was quick to say what needs to change for the Devils to snap their losing streak.
Greene said the team's recent struggles are not on the coaches.
"That's not the issue one bit," Greene said. "It's not the game plan, it's the execution."
The Devils suffered their seventh straight loss on Tuesday, falling 5-1 to the Nashville Predators. Now in his second year as head coach, John Hynes is now in the midst of his longest losing streak during his tenure.
Another tough loss to swallow
After showing signs of improved play in a 3-2 shootout loss to the Rangers on Sunday, the Devils had a setback with a resounding defeat by the Predators.
"One team played a certain way against the Rangers, and we showed up tonight, and another team played a certain way against Nashville," Hynes said. "Within the next 48 hours, we need to figure out why there was that big of a difference and discrepancy in the way we played, and we need to make sure we're a better team against the Flyers."
The Devils have seen their share of losing streaks over the past five seasons, even before Hynes took over. Greene said it's just a matter of the Devils creating change on the ice.
"It's not easy getting out of these. If it was, it would be one game or two, and that would be it," Greene said. "Everyone always wants to sit there during these streaks and say bad luck, or this and that. But we have to create our own luck. Create our own opportunities, chances, and take advantage of them."
Throughout the streak and since the start of the season, the Devils have echoed the sentiment about needing to outwork opponents to be successful. Greene said Tuesday was another example of the Devils not competing enough.
"We have to work. The foundation of our team is our work ethic, and when it's not there, that's what happens tonight," Greene said.
Chris Ryan may be reached at cryan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @ChrisRyan_NJ. Find NJ.com Devils on Facebook.
Oil prices were in free fall on Tuesday morning after it emerged that Saudi Arabia, the world's largest exporter, had slashed its contract price for its US customers in a further sign of an escalating war for control of global energy markets.
Brent crude - a benchmark made of oil from 15 North Sea fields against which almost half the world's petroleum is priced - fell 2.5pc to $82.62 in the mid-morning trading session in London.
US crude futures are now trading at around $76 per barrel, a figure that will squeeze the profitability of shale oil producers in the US who are seen to be the biggest threat to the domination of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) in terms of controlling the price of crude.
The White House said it is monitoring the global oil supply and demand situation but declined to comment to Reuters on whether it might look at replenishing the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
Tuesday's falls were triggered by state-owned Saudi Aramco - the world's largest state-owned oil company by production and reserves - slashing the contracted price for its sale of crude to the US.
Opec, of which Saudi is the leading member - has been losing market share to shale oil producers in the world's largest economy with Nigeria recently dropping out of the list of member countries that supply North America.
At the same time, Opec members are producing too much crude to meet falling demand for the current market driving down prices further. According to estimates of the International Energy Agency, the call on Opec in the fourth quarter will total 30.3 million barrels per day, while next year it will fall to just 29.3 million barrels per day.
Pressure is on the 12-member cartel - which controls about a third of the world's oil supply - to cut production at its next meeting on November 27. However, its leading producers led by Saudi appear to be willing to keep the spigots open in order to defend market share and cripple some of their major rivals.
Russia, which pumps over 10m barrels per day of crude, has been a major loser in the current oil price rout. Deutsche Bank now expects Russia's economy to contract by 0.2pc next year, recovering slightly in 2016 to a moderate growth rate of 0.8pc. Russia's main export blend Urals oil is priced off Brent, the benchmark for about half the world's oil.
Opec is due to publish annual World Oil Outlook on Thursday which should provide further insight into its longer term planning to meet world energy market demand.
"Apparently Saudi Arabia is now concentrating more on defending its market shares on the US market, which could pose a problem in particular for Canada, Mexico and Venezuela (other leading suppliers of oil to the US) and for US shale oil producers," said Commerzbank on Tuesday. "With just three-and-a-half weeks to go before Opec's meeting, however, Saudi Arabia does not appear willing to curb its supply. This makes it rather unlikely that any agreement to jointly reduce production will be reached on November 27 and suggests that pressure on oil prices will persist."
In a comment that appeared to be directed at shale oil producers in the US, Suhail al-Mazrouei, the energy minister of the United Arab Emirates speaking to Reuters in Abu Dhabi said: "We as a group of producers is not the only ones producing, there are others. Our role is to balance the market with supply, this is what we will always do."
UK Home Secretary Doesn't Want Backdoors; She Just Wants Companies To Stop Offering Encryption Because No One Wants It
from the insanity-plea dept
UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd, perhaps now most famously known for not knowing the "necessary hashtags," is back to beating up on encryption because it (no citation provided) helps terrorists get away with terrorism. Her op-ed piece for The Telegraph begins as so many pleas to undermine encryption do: with the horrors perpetrated by terrorists. Only now, the parade of horrors tends to sound something like a "CSI: Cyber" exposition outtake.
Nearly every plot we uncover has a digital element to it. Go online and you will find your own “do-it-yourself” jihad at the click of a mouse. The tentacles of Daesh (Isil) recruiters in Syria reach back to the laptops in the bedrooms of boys – and increasingly girls – in our towns and cities up and down the country. The purveyors of far-Right extremism pump out their brand of hate across the globe, without ever leaving home. The scale of what is happening cannot be downplayed. Before he mowed down the innocents on Westminster Bridge and stabbed Pc Keith Palmer, Khalid Masood is thought to have watched extremist videos. Daesh claim to have created 11,000 new social media accounts in May alone. Our analysis shows that three-quarters of Daesh propaganda stories are shared within the first three hours of release – an hour quicker than a year ago.
An hour quicker! In internet time, that's practically a millennium. It's tough to tell what Rudd's attempting to make of this technobabble. Is she suggesting future Masoods will act quicker because they'll be able to complete their viewing of extremist videos faster? If that's the case, maybe regulators need to step in and throttle broadband connections. The more the video buffers, the less likely it is someone will watch it… and the less likely it is someone will carry out an attack. The math(s) work out.
Unfortunately, this is not where the op-ed is heading. Sadly, Rudd is here to take a swing at encryption. But she takes a swing at it in prime passive-aggressive, Ike Turner-style, saying she loves it even as the blows rain home.
Encryption plays a fundamental role in protecting us all online. It is key to grow the digital economy, and delivering public services online.
I ain't mad at ya.
But, like many powerful technologies, encrypted services are used and abused by a small minority of people. The particular challenge is around so called “end-to-end” encryption, where even the service provider cannot see the content of a communication.
But you mess me up so much inside.
To be very clear – Government supports strong encryption and has no intention of banning end-to-end encryption. But the inability to gain access to encrypted data in specific and targeted instances – even with a warrant signed by a Secretary of State and a senior judge – is right now severely limiting our agencies' ability to stop terrorist attacks and bring criminals to justice.
In a fun twist, Rudd doesn't call for harder nerding. (Note: Rudd is visiting Silicon Valley to meet with tech leaders, so it's safe to assume requests for harder nerding will be made, even if not directly in this op-ed.)
No, Rudd doesn't want the impossible: secure, backdoored encryption. Instead, she wants to know if tech companies will just take the encryption off one end of the end-to-end. Her bolstering argument? The public doesn't give a shit about encryption. It just wants easy-to-use communication tools.
Real people often prefer ease of use and a multitude of features to perfect, unbreakable security. So this is not about asking the companies to break encryption or create so-called “back doors”. Who uses WhatsApp because it is end-to-end encrypted, rather than because it is an incredibly user-friendly and cheap way of staying in touch with friends and family? Companies are constantly making trade-offs between security and “usability”, and it is here where our experts believe opportunities may lie.
Having set up her straw app user, Rudd moves towards her conclusion… which is severely lacking in anything cohesive or coherent. The "opportunities" lie in persuading tech companies to provide users with less secure communications platforms. Should be an easy sale, especially if the average user doesn't care about security. But maybe the company does and doesn't want to give bad people an easy way to access the communications of others. Hence encryption. Hence end-to-end, so even if the provider is breached, there's still nothing to access.
What Rudd is looking for can't be called a trade-off. The government has nothing tech companies want. All they can offer is platitudes about fighting crime and national security. The government, meanwhile, wants tech companies to write software the way the government wants it, rather than how the company or its users want it. That's not a trade-off. That's a one-way street where every internet communication platform becomes a proxy government agency.
Rudd's idea is bad and she should feel bad. But I get the feeling that no matter how many tech experts she talks to, she's still going to believe her way is the right and best way.
Filed Under: amber rudd, backdoors, encryption, fud, terrorism, uk
COVER-UP=> Dem Rep John Conyers Used Sneaky Tactic to Secretly Pay Off Sexual Harassment Victims
As previously reported, it was revealed Monday evening that Democrat Rep John Conyers has been accused of sexual harassment by multiple women. According to affidavits, Conyers used taxpayer money to fly women into D.C. to meet with him in hotel rooms!
The documents were first provided to BuzzFeed News by Mike Cernovich.
Buzzfeed reported:
Michigan Rep. John Conyers, a Democrat and the longest-serving member of the House of Representatives, settled a wrongful dismissal complaint in 2015 with a former employee who alleged she was fired because she would not “succumb to [his] sexual advances.”
Buzzfeed also reported that staffers were tasked with flying women in for Conyers using Congressional resources!
Former employees also said that Conyers made it very clear that if they performed ‘personal favors' it would lead to salary increases and promotions. It was well known Conyers was having affairs with multiple female staffers. He often made sexual advances towards women and grew angry if they brought their husbands around.
Conyers denies the allegations, however; he knew exactly what he was doing and used sneaky tactics to deliberately cover up the settlements to various women.
In one case, Conyers paid a woman a settlement through payroll (via taxpayer money) as if she were a ‘temporary employee'. Buzzfeed explains:
In this case, one of Conyers' former employees was offered a settlement, in exchange for her silence, that would be paid out of Conyers' taxpayer-funded office budget. His office would “rehire” the woman as a “temporary employee” despite her being directed not to come into the office or do any actual work, according to the document. The complainant would receive a total payment of $27,111.75 over the three months, after which point she would be removed from the payroll, according to the document. The draft agreement viewed by BuzzFeed News was unsigned, but congressional employment records match the timing and amounts outlined in the document. The woman left the office and never went public with her story.
It is important to note that in some cases sexual harassment lawsuits are settled as ‘personal injury' so the victim doesn't pay taxes on the settlement. This woman who was paid through payroll would then pay taxes on her ‘settlement' which is another slap in the face to the victim.
Conyers' wife is also a crook. As The Gateway Pundit previously reported, former Detroit City Council President Monica Conyers was sentenced to 37 months in prison for bribery charges in March of 2010.
What a lovely Democrat couple.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Care workers fear the alleged abuse at the care home could give the whole industry a bad reputation
Six more staff have been sacked at an Essex care home after a BBC Panorama programme about alleged abuse there.
An undercover reporter filmed a video appearing to show a partially paralysed woman being slapped at The Old Deanery at Bocking, near Braintree.
The home's owners have now sacked a total of seven staff members and suspended one other.
Essex Police said an investigation of the alleged abuse had been launched after detectives viewed the programme.
A spokesman said: "The force did request advance viewing of the programme, but this was declined.
"If members of the public wish to report any allegations of crime relating to this matter they are asked to contact Essex Police."
'Urgently reviewed'
In a statement, Old Deanery's owners Anglia Retirement Homes said managers were "shocked and saddened by allegations made by the BBC's Panorama programme of inappropriate behaviour by some members of staff".
"We apologise unreservedly for those failings," the statement said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Undercover reporter Alex Lee worked 36 shifts at the Old Deanery in Essex
"The new management team at the home have been working with the Essex Constabulary since Panorama first contacted us about their allegations in February, when we immediately suspended eight staff members pending a full inquiry.
"We have repeatedly asked Panorama for their filmed evidence so we could take the appropriate action, but they refused to show their undercover footage to us before broadcast.
"Having seen the programme and their evidence for the first time on Wednesday night, we have summarily dismissed six more staff and a further case is being urgently reviewed."
A care worker who was seen to slap a resident was sacked previously after an eyewitness made a statement to independent investigators.
"These incidents involved a small number of staff and are not reflective of the high standards of care which we expect and demand from all of our team," Anglia Retirement Homes said.
A law firm is to carry out a full investigation as a matter of urgency, Anglia said.
The care home looks after up to 93 elderly residents, some of whom have dementia.
A Japanese cargo ship undocked from the International Space Station today (Jan. 27) and will spend the next week doing a science experiment in orbit before burning up in Earth's atmosphere on Super Bowl Sunday (Feb. 5).
HTV-6, also known as Kounotori 6, is Japan's sixth cargo resupply mission to the space station. It arrived at the orbiting lab in December with nearly 5 tons of supplies, including food, water, science gear, spare parts and Christmas gifts for the crewmembers. It also brought along new lithium-ion batteries for a major power upgrade that took two spacewalks and weeks of robotic work to complete.
After spending seven weeks docked to the space station's Harmony module, the uncrewed cargo ship was sent away to eventually burn up in Earth's atmosphere along with a few tons of garbage the crew stuffed inside. Six old nickel-hydrogen batteries were also on board for disposal. [Japan's Robotic Space Cargo Ship Fleet in Photos]
The Japanese HTV-6 resupply ship is pictured just before its release on astronaut Shane Kimbrough's 100th day in space. (Image: © Shane Kimbrough via @Astro_Kimbrough
The cargo ship departed at 10:46 a.m. EST (1546 GMT). Though the undocking was running behind schedule by about 16 minutes, NASA reported that everything was "nominal," or functioning properly.
Commander Shane Kimbrough of NASA and flight engineer Thomas Pesquet of the European Space Agency manned the controls from inside the space station's Cupola observatory — a room with the world's largest space window and an incredible view of Earth. The Cupola serves as a control room for a 57.7-foot (17.6-meter) robotic arm named Canadarm2, which Kimbrough and Pesquet manually operated to send off HTV-6.
Astronauts Thomas Pesquet and Shane Kimbrough snap a selfie with the HTV-6 resupply ship orbiting a short distance away from the space station's cupola on Dec. 13, 2016. (Image: © NASA)
Before HTV-6 deorbits and burns up in the atmosphere, it will spend a week conducting Japan's Kounotori Integrated Tether Experiment (KITE), a new technology that could one day help to eliminate dangerous space junk from Earth's orbit.
HTV-6 will unleash a 700-meter-long (2,296 feet) electrodynamic tether designed to latch onto pieces of orbiting debris and drag them down to Earth's atmosphere to be incinerated. While performing this task, the spacecraft will maintain a safe distance from the space station by orbiting the Earth about 12 miles (19 km) below the space station and 23 miles (37 km) ahead of it.
On Feb. 4, the spacecraft will perform a safe and controlled deorbit before meeting its fiery demise in the atmosphere over the Pacific Ocean.
Email Hanneke Weitering at hweitering@space.com or follow her @hannekescience. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
For our first FilmDrunk Writer's Room, the subject was films that always make you cry. It might not have been the most fitting subject for a FilmDrunk panel, because for the most part, we're manly men who only cry when our football team loses or hookers pull out our chest hair. This time, however, I chose a topic a bit less “vulnerable.” (Next time, more female panelists will participate, I hope.).
This time the topic was: movies that always make you fall asleep. Now, I didn't want it to be some posture-fest in which we all brag about hating low-hanging fruit – Twilight, Sex and the City, an Adam Sandler vehicle – movies you're proud to be bored by because you know they're crappy. No, I mean critically-acclaimed, influential films that you earnestly tried to watch because they're Important with a capital I, that you, despite your best efforts, simply could not stay awake for. I was partly inspired by Total Film's list of great films you'll only watch once. Experiencing great art shouldn't be like doing a homework assignment. And yet sometimes… it kind of is. As a former arts major and borderline narcolept, it was a subject near and dear to my heart.
This week's writers: Laremy Legel (Film.com, FilmDrunk), Dustin Rowles (WarmingGlow, Pajiba), Burnsy (FilmDrunk, WithLeather), Brandon Stroud (WithLeather), Drew Magary (Deadspin, Gawker, GQ), Robopanda (GammaSquad), Morton Salt (FilmDrunk DVD Guides), and myself.
SO COME WITH US, ON A MAGICAL JOURNEY TO A LAND OF LOST CREDIBILITY!
LAREMY LEGEL
The easy thing to do would be to choose The English Patient. Did anyone else choose The English Patient? Man, that movie sucks harder than polio. But choosing The English Patient is cheating because 1) No one has ever finished watching The English Patient (trivia: it ends with a pretty wild DP scene) and 2) The English Patient isn't a good movie. So I choose Lost in Translation. Damn the torpedoes!
Why Lost in Translation? It's a legitimately great film, thoughtful, well acted, and zzzzzzzzzzzzz. Yeah, there's the issue right there. If you throw in Lost in Translation on a Sunday afternoon, preferably right after the Dolphins have lost in excruciating (Tebow SEO) fashion, and it's raining just a leeeeeetle bit, you're going to be, in the parlance of our times, “Lights Out Jackson”. No doubt about it. It's too thoughtful, and nothing really ever happens that doesn't involve a knowing glance, only “knowing glances” are the opposite of everything Battleship. They require a close reading of the situation, replete with contextual clues and a deep well of empathy for the characters. All of that takes maximum effort. The film has a lot of Japanese references, which you likely have no idea on, further dipping you into dreamy land. It's full of vivid colors and soft music, which I'm guessing is the same formula they pack into Nyquil.
Anyway, I love the film, but yeah, it's a definite sleep aid. Pretty easy to fall asleep on your couch to Lost in Translation and not feel the least bit guilty about it. Now then, I have a brother who feel asleep, in the front row, during the opening night of The Matrix. It was bonkers. But that's a story for another time …
—
Dustin Rowles
It makes me a terrible person, but There Will Be Blood.
JUST DRINK THE GODDAMN MILKSHAKE ALREADY. I'M SLEEPY.
Editor's Note: BOO THIS MAN!
Graphic by HSU.
HSU Athletics Department press release:
On Wednesday, Sept. 27 a private meeting about fundraising for HSU Athletics was held with over 20 community members and alumni. In attendance were HSU President Lisa Rossbacher, Athletic Director Duncan Robins, and Vice President for University Advancement Craig Wruck.
President Rossbacher shared the following statement following the meeting:
“I am so impressed by the energy and commitment of this group of community members and alumni, and I applaud their efforts. The group shared their plans for seeking pledges from those who care about HSU Athletics, and I will be helping. I look forward to individual conversations and follow-up in the weeks to come.
“These community members and alumni have set an ambitious and urgent goal of raising $500,000 a year for five years to support Athletics operations. We're supporting them, we're helping them, and we're rooting for them.”
More information about the fundraising effort, and a form to make an online pledge, are here.
Some political events mark their importance less by their content than by their timing, circumstances and presentation. That is the case for the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on CIA torture. It contains little new to the attentive observer and none of that is of major consequence. It does, though, bear the imprimatur of the Senate -- albeit with the abstention of Republicans. It appears at the culmination of a fierce White House campaign to prevent it from seeing the light of day. President Obama's last minute "sky-is-falling" warnings that issuing the report would endanger the nation's security was the exclamation point for a series of progressively more drastic measures that included the unconstitutional hacking of the Committee's computers by the President and CIA Director John Brennan.
The administration thereby raised expectations of what the revelations contained, spotlighted the event and generally created a sense of drama for an habitually jaded public. Pervasive suspicions about this President thereby were neatly transposed onto the torture story whose actual protagonists were Bush's men. This conformed to the maladroit politics that is the President's trademark. As to timing, the country's assiduously cultivated amnesia about Iraq, Abu Ghraib, Guantanamo and all that had been lifted somewhat by ISIL's doings, the recommitment to an open-ended war in Afghanistan and the Intelligence Community's abuses in the draconian spying on American citizens. This convergence of elements meant headlines and commentary that exceeded the stipulated 24-hour news cycle -- even if the MSM did their best to blunt the story's edges and to ease it off the front pages as soon as decency permitted.
Beyond the drama created by the Report's surviving multiple assassination attempts, what is there that should grab our attention? The CIA designed and conducted a program of systematic torture of those it suspected of being associated with terrorism. It did so at several of the notorious "black sites," at Guantanamo and probably elsewhere in Iraq and Afghanistan. Torture was the official policy of the United States government as stipulated by President George W. Bush with the unanimous approval of his national security team -- including Colin Powell. The torture program continued for years -- carried out by the Army as well as the CIA. Several of those tortured were held on basis of no evidence whatsoever, something that did not shield them from abuse and imprisonment under brutal conditions.
This is damning bill of indictment. But none of it is new. For a decade we have had credible reports, testimony and accounts of how the torture program was decided, organized and executed. Some have come from military officers and other official personnel. We have known that the Agency at the highest level took the radical step of destroying video evidence of torture out of fear of criminal prosecution and damage to its bureaucratic empire lavishly funded beyond their wildest dreams thanks to the "war on terror" boon. The "black sites" were identified eight years ago in exhaustive investigative reports prepared under the auspices of the Council of Europe and the European Parliament. So, too, were the kidnappings, renditions and complicity of all but one NATO government. All is detailed and documented there. The torture programs vengeful and sadistic ethos is not a surprise either -- nor the total failure to produce a single piece of actionable intelligence involving a threat to the United States.
Yet, the reaction is one of surprise. Senator Feinstein did a compelling reprise of Captain Reynaud's "I am shocked, checked that gambling is going on here." Feinstein's expressed greatest outrage over what she claimed were misleading statements by successive CIA Directors as to the scope of torture and as to its effectiveness. The Committee never was provided with a record accounting for those subject to torture and the aftermath. It never demanded one. The primary inference to draw from the Senator's grievances is that the Intelligence Committees knew perfectly well that torture had become the official policy of the United States. Moreover, they seemingly made no great effort to find out how the program was executed with what consequences. Yes, the CIA deceived them about certain things but it strains credulity that hardboiled Congress people did not realize that deception is what the CIA does for a living. The bottom line is that Congress was an accessory to the torture program and remained so until it became politically convenient to distance itself (the Democratic members anyway) from Constitutional abuses unprecedented in the country's history. The tragic irony here is that the CIA/White House deception of the Congress was but a small incident in the grand deception that has been the "war on terror" -- a pyramid of lies and illusions.
The Congressional leadership -- Chairs and senior minority members of the Intelligence committees, as well as the House Speaker and Senate majority Leader -- were apprised for the programs initiation and implementation from the outset. Former Chair of the House Intelligence Committee Pete Hoekstra let the bag out of the cat in admitting on television that his staff already knew 90% of what was in the report. Moreover, there were the multiple public sources referred to above. Yes, the Committees had been lied to on several occasions as to the modalities of this of that aspect of the program. And as the relationship between the CIA and the Senate Intelligence Committee took on an adversarial character with the Democratic victory of 2006, the Agency leadership leader went into full deceit mode to protect its turf, its prerogatives and its budget. Those qualifications notwithstanding, the core reality is that the three branches of government conspired to keep these heinous, illegal acts concealed from the American people.
This reading of the post-9/11 torture history matches the accounts we have of the tripartite conspiracy to launch massive electronic surveillance in calculated violation of the law and the Constitution. It, too, was conceived and orchestrated at the White House. It, too, enlisted the Congressional leaders as co-conspirators. It, too, selectively coopted the courts via the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and the head of the FISA Court. (The detailed narrative is provided by James Risen in his recently published book Pay Any Price chapter 9).
What the Senate Committee does not tell us. The Feinstein report is not a comprehensive account of torture and abuse by the United States government in the "war on terror." It is limited to actions at the "black sites" and at Guantanamo. The numbers cited are 191 persons, of whom 26 are categorized as manifestly innocent. This is actually a small fraction of those who suffered inhumane treatment at American hands. For one thing, it excludes those incarcerated at the numerous bases, camps and outposts set up by both the Army and the CIA in Afghanistan from 2002-2004. They were the nodes for a draconian campaign to hunt down Taliban. In fact, they became collection sites for locals shopped by self designated warlords, vigilantes, free-booters and outright criminals who trafficked humans for the immunity we gave them to pursue their own dubious schemes in post-Taliban Afghanistan. We thereby empowered a network of drug dealers, power brokers and brigands who helped the Americans meet quotas for "Taliban" detained. We have graphic accounts of how the victims were treated. All were abused. Many tortured, some given one-way tickets to Guantanamo. Some were cast aside as the broken refuse of vendetta and vengeance. (A detailed, witnessed portrayal of how this played out in Kandahar and Urozgan provinces is given by Anand Gopal in No Good Men Among The Living 2014). The harsh truth: a motley array of Afghan miscreants played CIA agents and Army officers for fools. Their blind lust for revenge made them easy marks.
The total numbers are unknown and unknowable. The Senate Intelligence Committee never considered pursuing the matter. There were similar patterns of abuse in Iraq. Most of those accounts are verbal reports from Iraqis caught up in the apparatus of abuse -- whether victims directly of American interrogators/jailers or Iraqi auxiliaries who acted with an American mandate and, often, with Americans present in their own prisons. CIA agents, military officers and private contractors were all accomplices to this large-scale torture of Iraqis. In the former category, we do know that Abu Ghraib was not unique. General Stanley McChrystal was the point man for the program who personally created the notorious Camp Cropper interrogation center. What is on the public record is the imprisonment of 20 -- 40,000 Iraqis in grim conditions on grounds of engaging in "anti-Iraqi activities" -- i.e. planning to attack Americans. All were released by the time that the United States vacated Iraq (temporarily) at the end of 2011. One noteworthy alumnus was Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi -- the mastermind of ISIL. In effect, American authorities had little idea of what they were doing, of who was who. Much pain was inflicted, much injustice done, by incompetent American authorities. We are suffering the whirlwind for this mindlessness -- and will continue to indefinitely.
The Senate Intelligence Committee summary report does present one conclusion of the utmost importance -- even if it, too, conveys no revelation. No information of value was elicited through the application of torture techniques. That conforms to everything we know about interrogation. It also confirms numerous bits and pieces of the story that have emerged over the years. CIA leaders and their backers (politicos and commentators) persist in the claim that vital information flowed from their torture campaign. These are offered as articles of faith without supporting evidence. Why this compulsion to lie? The aggrandized CIA of the WOT era is animated by a myth. It is the fictive tale of dedicated patriots risen to the great challenge of our times to protect and to secure America against diabolical enemies. That mythology infuses the NSA and Pentagon as well to a somewhat lesser degree. It is central to the Agency's sense of self and ambitions. The praise heaped on the CIA leadership by President Obama from January 2009 through last week keeps the myth alive and stokes the hubris that feeds on it.
Absolutely crucial to this mythical story is the legend of how the Agency got Osama ben-Laden. It is the CIA's Passion Play. Good triumphs over Evil -- a tale replete with heroes (and heroines in the Hollywood version), Divine inspiration and super human labors in the vineyard of the Lord. The Senate Committee report in effect open's the trap door under the stage on which the CIA has been preening. The OBL tale is false. The critical torture induced information is a fiction. The causal chain advanced by the CIA logically untenable. It just didn't happen the way John Brennan and his predecessors have told it. The Agency is plodding rather that perspicacious, slow and awkward rather than nimble. Organizationally incoherent rather than a superb Intelligence machine. This conclusion is no more original than other segments of the report. The flaws of evidence and logic in the CIA fictive account were pointed out by close observers three years ago. The best informed, rigorously argued criticism was presented by Brig (ret) Shaukat Qadir of Pakistan who undertook his own investigation on both sides of the Durand Line. (It has been published as Operation Geronimo: the Betrayal and Execution of Osama bin Laden and its Aftermath May 2012 -- Kindle eBook). A brief summary of the main points in debunking the CIA story was published in the Huffington Post (Zero Dark Thirty). Qadir, moreover, fills in the blank left by President Obama whose statement announcing OBL's killing made oblique reference to valuable information transmitted by Pakistani authorities. In fact, OBL may have been betrayed by his own people.
The MSM's neglect of this expose of the CIA's fabrication, which has been in the public realm for more than two years, like its overlooking of the Council of Europe's detailed accountability of "black sites," epitomizes the sheer laziness and obedient conformity of those whose mandate is to keep the American people informed. They also might have employed their own mental faculties to pick up the contradictions and illogicalities of the CIA's manufactured account.
The complicity of the White House in perpetuating the CIA mythology is the most troubling part of the story. President Obama went all the way down the line to prevent its exposure. Even now that the lie has been established between any reasonable doubt, he personally has thrown Brennan et al a life preserver in pronouncing himself neutral on the issue. In his official reaction to the Feinstein release the next day, Obama declared that that he will not take sides in the debate on whether torture worked. This is a striking example of Presidential irrationality -- as well as irresponsibility. He is reacting as if a friend had asked him whether the Chicago Cubs should shell out $100 million+ for Jon Lester. That is a policy preference. Whether torture helped capture and kill OBL is a matter of fact -- of truth or falsity. Leaving aside the inconvenient fact that he happens to be President of the United States, that that he already conspired with the CIA to block the report's release and to prevent the ensuing embarrassment of the revelation that the torture program did not work (thereby already taking a position on the issue), one cannot logically abstain on a question of whether the sun rises in the East or the West.
Gainesville Police Capt. Brian Helmerson has been temporarily reassigned to City Hall pending an inquiry into workplace allegations, the Gainesville Police Department reported.
Gainesville Police Capt. Brian Helmerson has been temporarily reassigned to City Hall pending an inquiry into workplace allegations, the Gainesville Police Department reported.
GPD spokesman officer Ben Tobias said no details about the allegations or the inquiry would be released.
“In response to internal concerns, there has been an inquiry into the Commander of the GPD Operations Bureau, Captain Brian Helmerson,” GPD said in a statement. “Effective immediately... Helmerson is being temporarily placed on special assignment to the Office of the City Manager. He will report to Assistant City Manager Fred Murry during this time. Gainesville Police Captain Jorge Campos will assume Command of the Operations Bureau in the interim.”
Reached by The Sun shortly after the reassignment was announced, Helmerson declined comment. Chief Tony Jones also declined comment but he highly praised Helmerson in a recent interview with The Sun concerning his reorganization of the operations bureau.
Helmerson is the commander of GPD's bureau that oversees patrols and specialty units such as the mounted patrol and K-9 teams.
Helmerson plays a major role in special programs such as the Duval Initiative and often oversees police presence at events such as the recent demonstrations of a Confederate statue at the Alachua County Administration Building, the Occupy Gainesville movement downtown and at the Dignity Village homeless encampment.
Starting at GPD 1987, Helmerson spent 5 years in patrol. He worked for three years on a community-oriented policing team in the Gardenia, Duval and Lake Road neighborhoods, according to his biography on GPD's website.
Other duties over his career include three years as a detective, three years in training and three years as a shift lieutenant. Helmerson also worked in the internal affairs department, which conducts investigations of GPD employees.
6 Tips for Picking Your First Aquarium Fish
Freshwater Aquarium Basics Learn how to start your aquarium!
The right aquarium fish can make all the difference. Here are 6 great tips to help you choose the best beginner fish as you embark on your aquarium keeping adventure!
Choosing your first aquarium fish may seem like a daunting task for a beginner. However, with a little research, you will be able to know what fish will prove to be hardy, undemanding, and well-suited to beginners. Perhaps the pet store may have recommended guppies, neons, or catfish, but many beginners have found it difficult to raise them, considering that they are still learning the ropes of aquarium fish care.
These six important tips will help you pick your first aquarium fish. Taking care of these fish species will certainly be a rewarding undertaking that will fuel your love for the hobby.
1. Choose fish which can easily adapt to new surroundings
A good first species should be one that is hardy, active, confident, and disease resistant. Select fish that appear healthy. Avoid fish that manifest visible signs of disease such as white spots, discolored skin patches, frayed fins, etc. Make sure that the fish can withstand water fluctuation since a new tank often has fluctuations in water quality that can stress your fish.
Aside from water conditions, your new fish should be able to adapt well to the presence of aquarium decorations and to the company of other fish species in the tank. Large or active fish can thrive well alone in a tank with little aquarium decor. However, there are fish species that find being alone distressing. Even with excellent water quality, you may find your pet hiding, not feeding, and may become vulnerable to illness.
2. Avoid fish with known specific feeding habits
Pick a fish species that can be fed a simple flake food for the first 6-8 weeks. Fish with specific feeding habits may result in excess amounts of waste products leading to high ammonia and nitrites in the water. The accumulation of these compounds is hazardous to your fish population.
3. Select fish from the same community
Selecting fish species from the same community will help ensure that you achieve balance in your aquarium. If you choose to get several varieties, make sure that they will get along well. Be sure to select the hardiest species. Fish that belong to the same community will have similar water chemistry and temperature requirements while exhibiting like behavior.
4. Start with peaceful community fish species
Aggressive tropical fish species may need to be fed live feeder-fish and this can certainly add up on your list of responsibilities. It is important to know which aggressive fish species can be matched, or else your peaceful community fish species may end up being eaten by its more aggressive tank mates. Aggressive fish species also need more tank space. Some of the tropical fish species that can thrive well in a community tank include tetras, gouramis, and platys.
5. Don't buy too many at once
It is important that you stock your aquarium slowly. Being a neophyte, you run the risk of losing large numbers of fish to disease or bad water quality. Putting in many fish at the onset may overload the new tank water and lead to a build up of ammonia. The size and type of your tank and aquarium filter will help determine the amount and frequency of introducing new fish species to your tank. As a rule of thumb, no more than six small fish species should be added every seven days.
6. Buy from reputable breeders and pet shops
Before buying fish from a breeder or pet shop, it is recommended to visit the establishment and observe how they take care of the fish. You can see for yourself if the fish has a healthy appetite or is suffering from any health problems or defects. Never buy fish from aquarium shops that are not particular about maintaining hygiene and sanitation in their tanks. Pet shops that allow dead fish floating inside the tank or fail to quarantine sick fish should never be patronized.
Peter Hartono is the founder and CEO of Just Aquatic – a proud Australian company that provides excellent online aquarium supplies for betta fish tanks, goldfish tanks and also aquatic plant care products carrying top of the line brands including API, biOrb and Exo Terra.
The Business of Goat Herding
The business of raising dairy livestock requires that the farmer be head of the herd. The herder must provide the animal with the tools they need to support their natural systems, making sure they receive the right kind and amount of food, vitamins, minerals – clean water – and a healthy environment.
Raising goats is not easy. They are intelligent, fussy, fragile, robust, and exasperating. They are fun, kind, gentle, abusive, loving and inquisitive. In short – goats are amazing creatures and the most widely kept domestic livestock animal in the world!
Despite this, traditional vets seem to know almost nothing about goats. Our farm service system in this country all but ignores their existence. So how can you get started in this growing and profitable business?
Mark and Jay Duplass' new HBO anthology series tells a variety of stories all set in a single hotel room.
The mania for season-to-season anthologies hasn't resulted in quite the same appetite for the episode-to-episode anthologies that used to be the medium's bread-and-butter. HBO's new half-hour series Room 104 feels almost experimental and new, even though its premise is the most basic and traditional of film school exercises: Tell a single story within the confines of a single motel room.
It's a lesson in creative use of space (it's one room, plus a bathroom, maybe with a closet or two), elapsed time (guests rarely stay in a room more than a couple of nights) and set decoration (finite furniture, but ample redressing possibilities).
Created by Jay and Mark Duplass, who seem to have fairly free rein from HBO within a certain minuscule budget and if they're OK with airing at 11:30 p.m., Room 104 really does have the feeling of a student film anthology in many of the best ways possible. It's a series with few rules and few real restrictions, and with running times of under 30 minutes, even an episode with a questionable creative conceit is over before it can really grate.
The eponymous setting is described as "a single room of an average American motel" and indeed, its exact location is mostly irrelevant and the quality of accommodation seems fungible from week to week, director to director. It's just two beds, a small table and a vanity area. In one episode, characters refer to having stayed in the room 56 years earlier, so that's its age, but depending on whose eyes the room is shot through, it can appear comfortable and average or it can reek of practically pay-by-the-hour desperation.
Unlike something like the anthology film Four Rooms, Room 104 has no connective tissue binding its various entries. Although Mark wrote many of the episodes, the brothers didn't co-direct anything here and whether the tone and style of their past work is an inducement or deterrent to you as a viewer, Room 104 doesn't feel like a Duplass brothers film. The six episodes sent to critics, celebrating a diverse assortment of either lesser-known or lesser-known-to-TV directors, aren't bound by genre or form, and they're mostly pretty good.
The show's premiere episode, "Ralphie," is either a horror movie or an internalized nightmare. A babysitter (Melonie Diaz) arrives to watch a small boy for the evening and learns that, locked in the bathroom, is either the child's evil twin or something even stranger. It has the plausible tone of an urban legend and, with the bathroom closed off, forces helmer Sarah Adina Smith to work in an even smaller space. It's creepy, weird and sticks with you.
Smith also directs the differently unsettling, somewhat less bracingly satisfying "The Knockadoo," which features the compelling Sameerah Luqmaan-Harris as a woman who is taking the last steps toward enlightenment with the emissary (Orlando Jones) of a strange religious cult, only to discover that opening herself up to her new faith might have unexpected consequences.
Don't think, though, that Room 104 is a horror anthology. "Voyeurs," from writer-director Dayna Hanson, starts with a cleaning lady's (Dendrie Taylor) curiosity about a dirty room and the clues pointing to the lives of its prior occupants, but becomes a literal dance of obsession with Sarah Hay (proving more alluring in 20 minutes than in the entirety of the Starz ballet miniseries Flesh and Bone). "Voyeurs" is dialogue-free, in contrast to "The Internet," directed by veteran cinematographer Doug Emmett. Set in 1997, an aspiring novelist (Karan Soni) spends the episode on the phone trying to talk his mom through emailing him a copy of his manuscript, a non-stop and ultimately revelatory conversation. "The Fight," directed by Megan Griffiths, somehow turns the room into a ring for an impromptu battle for pride between two gutty MMA fighters, and then the episode the following week is a meditation on love and pain and the passing of time driven by a beautiful turn by Philip Baker Hall.
The intricate choreography of both "Voyeurs" and "The Fight" prove how few limitations the space presents in the right hands, while Hoffman and Luqmaan-Harris' performances showcase the advantages of the space's intimacy. "Ralphie" illustrates how the structure can be used for no-fat, effective storytelling, and there are hints, here and there, of how a budget-conscious motel like this can be used for critiques of race and class. Room 104 has a fertile format, and I think the Duplass brothers and their creative team are only beginning to tap its potential.
Cast: Hugo Armstrong, Davie-Blue, Melonie Diaz, Jay Duplass, Veronica Falcon, Adam Foster, Ellen Geer, Keir Gilchrist, Philip Baker Hall, Sarah Hay, Poorna Jagannathan, Orlando Jones, Ethan & Gavin Kent, Amy Landecker, Konstantin Lavysh, Sameerah Luqmaan-Harris, Keta Meggett, Natalie Morgan, Ross Partridge, Karan Soni, Dendrie Taylor, Tony Todd, Will Tranfo, James Van Der Beek, Mae Whitman, Nat Wolff
Creators: Mark and Jay Duplass
Directors: Anna Boden & Ryan Fleck, Patrick Brice, Marta Cunningham, Doug Emmett, Megan Griffiths, Dayna Hanson, Chad Hartigan, Ross Partridge, Sarah Adina Smith, So Yong Kim
Premieres: Friday, July 28, 11:30 p.m. ET/PT (HBO)
• Western nations, U.S. government, United Nations making problem even worse.
By John Friend —
Immigration continues to be the most critical issue facing the entire Western world, as millions of so-called “refugees” and “asylum seekers” flood both Western Europe and the United States with the direct assistance of Western governments, the United Nations, and a wide variety of non-profit organizations, activist groups, and refugee advocacy agencies.
According to statistics recently released by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, 38,135 unaccompanied alien children—lone children entering the U.S. illegally, most of whom are hoping to reunite with other family members already living here illegally—were apprehended in the month of April alone. Tens of thousands of illegal aliens are apprehended and detained every month along the southwestern border in the U.S., with the majority of them coming from Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. The deportation process can take weeks, if not months, and is subject to court appeal.
The Obama administration and federal government generally appear more determined to facilitate and encourage illegal immigration using American taxpayer dollars than to seriously address the crisis. In early May, President Barack Hussein Obama announced his proposed 2017 budget, which included $1.3 billion specifically for resettling unaccompanied alien children in the U.S.
The Center for Immigration Studies found that illegal alien households “receive an average of $5,692 in federal welfare benefits every year,” which amounts to over $1,200 more in welfare benefits than native-born Americans annually receive on average. In Virginia, illegal aliens are suing their former landlords after being evicted from a mobile-home park due to their undocumented status, according to The Washington Post.
As the GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump is fond of saying, illegal aliens are often treated better than veterans of America's armed forces and exercise rights formerly granted only to legal U.S. citizens. At Trump rallies across the nation, violent protesters have taken to the streets in an attempt to disrupt the populist's events, attacking Trump supporters, damaging private property, and infringing on the First Amendment rights of Americans participating in the democratic process. It's been speculated that many of the protesters are illegal aliens who are outraged at Trump's immigration proposals.
Meanwhile, the Islamic invasion of Europe shows no signs of slowing down. Millions of Muslims have flooded Europe over the course of the past year alone, with many settling in Germany and other northern European countries that offer generous welfare benefits to so-called refugees and asylum seekers. According to a recent report in Reuters, the German government “expects to spend around €93.6 billion ($105 billion) by the end of 2020 on costs related to the refugee crisis,” an astronomical sum of money that many critics say could be better spent elsewhere.
The vast majority of the foreigners resettling in Europe offer no tangible benefits to their host nations, and have utterly failed to assimilate into society. Many of them are not even genuine refugees and are fleeing their home nations in an effort to obtain economic benefits from generous and misguided European governments.
With the influx of foreigners, many of whom lack basic skills and have almost no education, Western nations have seen increasing crime rates and a total failure of the integration process. So-called refugees are committing rape and other horrific crimes against European women and men in increasing numbers, while European governments and police agencies offer excuses for their violent, criminal behavior. Wages have been suppressed, workers have been displaced, and entire communities have been transformed as a result of the immigration crisis in both Europe and America.
The native ethnic stock that founded and built Western Europe and the U.S. is systematically being replaced through massive Third World immigration, which is facilitated and encouraged by Western governments. In times past, foreign armies had to fight and sacrifice to conquer foreign lands and nations. In the modern era, Western governments give up their lands without a fight in the name of “tolerance,” “diversity,” and “humanitarianism.”
For the traditional peoples of Europe and America, time is running out and decisive action must be taken if they are to have a future in the lands their ancestors founded and developed.
John Friend is a California-based writer who maintains a blog.
Steven Gerrard admitted England had "stopped playing" in the second half to hand Montenegro a route back into the critical World Cup qualifier and the initiative in Group H as Roy Hodgson's side left the City stadium bemoaning a missed opportunity.
The visitors' initial dominance was surrendered after the interval as Branko Brnovic revamped his front line and the substitute Dejan Damjanovic secured a deserved equaliser 14 minutes from time. The draw leaves Montenegro two points ahead of England at the top of the section, a lead they can open to five points should they defeat Ukraine here on 7 June, with Hodgson's side not due to play competitively again until September.
The frustration was that Wayne Rooney's 26th competitive goal for his country, scored early on, had not proved the prelude to a first notable victory in the group with England failing to add to their lead despite dominating the opening half. "We stopped playing after the break for 20 or 30 minutes and, away from home, you can't afford to do that," said Gerrard. "We stopped passing and they got a deserved equaliser. I think there was a lot of experience out there and we showed that in the first half. We controlled the game. But the problem is when you are only 1-0 up you are always vulnerable.
"You've got to go on and get the second goal to get complete control and we never did that. They took control in the second half, apart from the last 10 minutes, so they deserved their draw. But we are still confident we can finish top of the group. We need to win all our games and we certainly need to improve on that second-half performance and play like we did [in the] first half. We need to put that [not having beaten Montenegro, Ukraine or Poland] right. We certainly need to get three points when we go to Ukraine and we'll need perfect results at home against Moldova, Montenegro and Poland."
The statistics backed up the captain's assessment, with England having attempted 105 fewer passes in the second period than their 250 in the first. "We'd had control in midfield initially but we lost that," said Hodgson. "So my overall feeling is one of disappointment because things were looking so good for us at one stage. I don't think it's a particularly bad result because Montenegro are a difficult team to beat but it would have been nice to have built on that lead at half-time and profited from it to go home with three points. But it's still in our hands because we play Montenegro and Poland at home."
The manager had not seen re-runs of the incident that saw Danny Welbeck booked for a dive in the penalty area despite appearing to draw a foul from Stefan Savic when the score was still 1-0. "I don't think Danny would have been wanting to go down in that situation," said Hodgson. "But there were several opportunities in that first half when we got behind their defence and were close to creating an opportunity. When you do that and don't score, you run the risk that a team like Montenegro will come out and play."
Their manager, Brnovic, has now emerged with draws in three brushes with England and suggested his own team were unlucky not to win. "I told my players they had nothing to be afraid of at half-time," he said. "Now, if we beat Ukraine in June, it would virtually guarantee us at least second place in the group, if not first place. And England should remember that, for us, it is a lot easier to play away from home. If we'd had all our players tonight, we would have won this game."
The erratic nature of the visitors' display drew criticism from the former Manchester United midfielder, Roy Keane. "England let you down: you don't get a complete performance and they don't have that killer instinct," said the Irishman, who was working on the game for ITV. "I'd love to know what happened at half-time as England were shocking in terms of concentration. You kill the game off by getting a second and third goal. That is what the top teams do. I can't believe how bad England were in the second half."
Ohio Gov. John Kasich will roll out “responsible” tax plans that protect against revenue gaps. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Arizona's new Republican governor are delaying big dreams of nixing the income tax as they face budget shortfalls. And Missouri Republicans, once jealous of their neighbor Kansas' massive cuts, are thankful they trimmed less.
Call it the Brownback effect.
Story Continued Below
Republicans once idolized Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback as a tax cutting superstar — now he's a lesson in what not to do.
“It's a cautionary tale on a national scale … Many of us felt that [Kansas] had been too aggressive,” said Indiana Senate Majority Leader and tax committee chairman Brandt Hershman, who helped GOP Gov. Mike Pence cut corporate taxes last spring. “We all like low taxes … but we have to ensure the stability of a revenue stream to provide basic services that our citizens expect.”
( Also on POLITICO: Obama's next sales job: The economy)
It's a major turnaround from two years ago, when Brownback was considered a Republican trailblazer for conservatives around the nation who dreamed of phasing out their state income tax.
Now, Republicans are rethinking how aggressive they can be on taxes in light of the projected $279 million revenue gap that's plaguing Kansas this year — shortfalls that resulted in the state's credit rating being downgraded and nearly booted the Republican from office in a state that bleeds red.
Of course, Republicans aren't ditching supply-side economic theory or tax cuts. But they're considering ways to avoid Kansas' troubles. Their takeaways include smaller cuts over extended periods of time, stopgaps to protect revenues — and avoiding overpromising.
It's making for an odd dynamic in which some Republicans now proudly say their tax plans will be “incremental” or “evolutionary” instead of “revolutionary.”
( Also on POLITICO: 1+1=?)
“Kansas did too much too fast, so at this point we're continuing to look at our tax policy to make sure it's competitive. But we're not jumping — not following Kansas,” said Missouri state Sen. Will Kraus, a GOP tax writer who in 2013 pointed to Kansas as the reason tax cuts were needed in the Show Me State.
Brownback, in 2012 and 2013, signed a two-part tax package exempting 191,000 businesses from income taxes and lowering the top income tax rate for individuals from 6.45 percent to 4.9 percent. It sinks to 3.9 percent by 2018 and even further toward zero each year if revenue grows.
Although income taxes composed almost half of Kansas' general fund, Brownback said the cuts would grow the economy and attract new business, so that revenue would spring back quickly, essentially paying for the cuts. He had Reagan-era tax guru Arthur Laffer at his back supporting him.
But his plan didn't pan out. Revenues are way down, and job growth remains below the national average. His own budget director says they may have to stop some of the tax cuts from going into effect, according to a New York Times interview.
( Also on POLITICO: Boehner won't comment on Grimm until they meet)
Republican tax cutters in other states want to avoid that fate.
In Ohio, Kasich — a potential 2016 hopeful who has already cut $3 billion in taxes — is expected to roll out another income tax cut proposal in early 2015. But two administration sources assured POLITICO they won't have Brownback's issue.
“The governor worked very, very hard in order to balance our budget and restore fiscal responsibility, and we're going to be careful not to do anything to threaten that fiscal stability,” said Kasich's budget director, Keen, when asked about the upcoming tax plan and lessons learned from Kansas.
Unlike Brownback, who slashed income taxes by about 25 percent right away then set up a system to reduce them more over time, Ohio has taken an incremental approach, giving taxpayers a 10 percent income tax cut over Kasich's first three years.
( Also on POLITICO: IRS to freeze hiring, cut enforcement)
They also have proposed to pay for additional cuts through a new oil severance tax increase. Brownback also proposed some offsets to his tax cuts — throwing out certain tax breaks — but legislators gutted those, making the cost of his tax plan soar.
Another difference: They won't rely on optimist revenue growth assumptions, a major critique of Kansas' cuts.
“The governor [has] insisted on conservative … revenue forecasts,” Keen said.
Other states are looking at similar approaches. In Georgia, which is sandwiched by two states with no income taxes, Republicans want to lower the income tax rate. They don't currently have the funds, said GOP state Senate Finance Committee Chairman Judson Hill, but when they do, they'll protect against revenue shortfalls by taking things slowly to “minimize near-term shortfalls.”
( Also on POLITICO: Senate approves tax extenders package without Wyden)
In Iowa, state Ways and Means Chairman Rep. Tom Sands, also wants to eliminate income taxes but said they might have to go slow, starting with an optional flat tax.
“Instead of just flat-out rewriting Iowa's income tax code and doing away with all nine brackets … by doing the option, you're letting people move to the direction they want to head, taking a little, smaller step to where we need to go, [which] doesn't create the huge swing you might see in a complete income tax rewrite,” he said.
In Missouri, Republicans like Kraus proudly noted that while Kansas eliminated taxes on small businesses, they did only a 25 percent tax deduction to lower their taxes. And their income tax cuts were much smaller, he said: only half a percent, phased in over five years starting in 2017.
“We're trying to protect the core levels of funding so we don't disturb … state government,” he said.
( Also on POLITICO: Republicans seek to cripple IRS)
By contrast, Kansas' cuts to education as a result of the revenue hit was a contentious issue in Brownback's near defeat to Democrat Paul Davis last month.
Kraus also noted that Missouri tax rates would be drawn down further only if revenue hits a certain “trigger” threshold, protecting against big revenue losses.
Several Washington-based Republican tax wonks said such triggers are something they expect to see more of to safeguard against what happened in Kansas.
And their prediction seems to be on target. Hill in Georgia, for example, said a “phased-in approach with certain milestones to be met before you trigger additional tax changes seems to be a wise and fiscally responsible way to do it.”
In Indiana, Pence once pushed to ax the income tax, but now says the focus is streamlining tax laws and the state has “no specific plans at this time” to cut tax rates more, according to his budget chief.
“The governor right now is focused on simplification and reducing the complexity of the Tax Code,” said Chris Atkins, the budget director.
Hershman of Indiana said they're in an “evolutionary phase rather than revolutionary” phase on taxes.
Republicans say they learned another lesson from Brownback: Don't overpromise that tax cuts are going to spur job and revenue growth right away — be realistic.
“You can't promise that everything is going to change overnight,” said Jonathan Williams, top tax adviser at the conservative policy group American Legislative Exchange Council, which lobbies states. Williams believes Brownback's tax plan will pan out eventually, but he said messaging is key. “It's going to be a change of incentives over several months and years.”
He said Republicans should tell constituents that “not all tax cuts pay for themselves” and warn about potential revenue shortfalls.
Some are already heeding his message.
An Arizona Republican close to GOP Gov.-elect Doug Ducey, who wants to make serious changes to the state's Tax Code, said they'll communicate more realistically than Brownback: Though they think tax cuts grow the economy, “we have never said decreasing taxes would increase state revenue.”
Republicans have learned a budget lesson from Brownback, too: Make sure you have the money.
“What Republican generally learned about the Kansas experience was to make sure you have the budget handled before you embark upon the tax changes,” said Stephen Slivinski, a senior economist at the conservative Goldwater Institute, who added that “if tax cuts are ever going to be in the offing, you have to handle the budget and do so in an honest clear way to make sure there may not be traps that might have befallen the Kansas effort.”
At least two big Republican tax reformers are already showing signs that they're taking this advice.
Walker has drastically scaled back his tax-cutting rhetoric since earlier this year and, according to two Wisconsin GOP sources, is putting his hopes to eliminate the income tax on the back burner.
“I don't want to say the Laffer theory is disproven, but it's a difficult time to advance that way in Wisconsin because our revenue numbers aren't as robust as we need,” said a senior Senate GOP leadership aide, adding that Republicans were disappointed that Walker tax cuts from earlier this year didn't grow revenue as much as they predicted.
Earlier this year, just before enacting the half-billion-dollar tax cut, Walker said it was just the beginning — that he wanted to eliminate income taxes. Now, a representative of Walker, asked about the elimination plan said the governor “has only said that he would explore other areas of tax reform.”
The state has a projected $2.2 billion deficit for the next biennium, 2015 to 2017. There's also a transportation funding problem.
Now, not even his top allies in the House think new cuts aren't possible.
“It's more likely that we will not have an opportunity to do the same level of big bold tax cuts as we did in the past,” said Wisconsin House Speaker Robin Vos, a key Walker ally. “It's unlikely we'll be able to eliminate the income tax.”
Elimination is also absent from Walker's policy priorities document for his next term. He simply says he wants to “reduce income taxes so that they are lower in 2018 than they are today.”
In the meantime, Vos says they're keeping an eye on Kansas: “I definitely share the goals of the way … Kansas went, which is to say you want to reduce taxes on the people who create jobs so they reinvest by hiring more people. … But the jury is still out so I'd rather watch what happens for another year or two before we follow their lead.”
Arizona's new governor-elect is in a similar boat. Ducey ran on a platform of reducing income taxes as close to zero as possible, but his transition team is now facing a potential $500 million budget shortfall and court order mandating the state spend more on education.
So tax reform and tax cuts will likely have to wait.
“Because we're facing such a large budget shortfall, I haven't heard anyone speak of cutting taxes any more than we already have,” said Jennifer Stielow, vice president of the Arizona Tax Research Association, who sits on Ducey's budget study committee that will offer up recommendations for his first budget. “It's not the environment to propose something like that.”
Kim Dixon contributed to this report.
Follow @politico
By
21st Century Wire says…
Organized efforts are underway by Democratic Party affiliated NGO's to try and somehow delegitimize the results of this week's US Presidential Election.
On the eve of the US Election before voters went to the polls, 21WIRE political affairs analyst Patrick Henningsen accurately predicted this week's unrest when he said:
“If Trump wins, expect the likes of Soros and MoveOn.org to unleash wave after wave of flash mobs, who will protest, riot, smash and burn their way on to CNN's 24 hour news rotation. Expect Occupy 2.0, and #BlackLivesMatter to rage.”
On Friday, Henningsen talked to RT International about the post-elections protests that were coordinated in part by Democratic Party ‘community organizing' online platform MoveOn.org. Watch:
.
Not surprisingly, MoveOn.org have also launched a national ‘activist' campaign to “ Abolish the Electoral College ” after Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton came up short with 232 (including New Hampshire) to Donald Trump's 306 (including Arizona and Michigan). Final totals are not yet in, but thus far 2016 would be the fifth time in U.S. history that a presidential candidate has won the White House while losing the total popular vote.
SEE ALSO: (VIDEO) Female College Students Protesting Because ‘Trump is a Rapist'
21WIRE Associate Editor Shawn Helton recently revealed more details about how the near exact same methods used in CIA and Soros-funded ‘color revolutions' overseas – are now being deployed on US domestic shores by similar NGO front organizations: has been the driving force behind nationwide protests against the election of Donald Trump.
“Overseas, Washington tends to use the same cast of NGO fronts to build-up pro-US political opposition groups, as well as plan and generate civil unrest. They include the Albert Einstein Institute (AEI), National Endowment for Democracy (NED), International Republican Institute (IRI), National Democratic Institute (NDI), Freedom House and later the International Center for Non-Violent Conflict (ICNC), and the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the financial and contractor arm of the Department of State. Inside the US, deep state actors in Washington generally work through Democratic Party affiliated organizations like MoveOn.org, as well as through labor union organizations like AFL-CIO, and UNITE HERE. These, along with many other similar organizations have been involved in organizing this week's protests,” says Helton.
Helton also raised the question as to why President Obama has stayed silent in the face of street protests, opting instead to “lead from behind.” He explains:
“Certainly, judging by President Obama and Hillary Clinton's total silence over their own party's role in fomenting this week's unrest – one can only conclude that both party leaders approve of the protests and riots. The political motivation is undeniable – to help delegitimize a new Trump presidency.”
Stay tuned for more updates here at 21WIRE.
READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV
Legendary Lea, born Lea May Currier, is an online entertainer known primarily for streaming videogames.
Education
Lea May graduated from UC San Diego Cum Laude with degrees in Physiology and Neuroscience. [22]
Personal Life
Legendary Lea was dating Thomas Chance 'Sodapoppin' Morris for several years, though they broke up early 2017. [2]
Lea insists she does not have a boyfriend though she is currently dating someone. She is committed to Celibacy, though this was not always the case. [2]
Lea struggles with Anxiety, advocating for Mental health treatment. She is open about her use of Medication. [2]
Livestream
Legendary Lea has had over 35 million views on Twitch. Her viewers appreciate her game reviews and social commentary, some of her livestreams lasting hours. Legendary Lea's online following is substantial among the gaming and streaming communities. She has had contributions in excess of $200,000 for her gaming streams. The games she streams include World of Warcraft, Hearthstone, Dark Souls III and Overwatch, among many others. [2]
In 2018, she became a popular Fortnite streamer, broadcasting Battle Royale, a free-for-all with 100 players. [2]
Twitch Ban
In June of 2016, Legendary Lea was banned from online streaming service Twitch.tv for 30 days simply because her inner legs were seen by the webcam while she was livestreaming. This led Legendary Lea to use Periscope instead, a video streaming competitor to Twitch.tv. [6] Legendary Lea was very upset by Twitch's response, saying that it was unfair. These were the two tweets she sent out:
"For the record thighs ≠ equal vag. Sorry I had to stand in an awkward way due to my ankle injury. Boy shorts were underneath calm down [...] 30 day suspension. I'll be periscoping & doing vlogs till then. Can't do many interesting things ATM till my ankle heals and hopefully soon." [13]
See Also
Nova Patra
Zoie Burgher
Celestia Vega
The Central Banking Jewry is the Jewry that owns Central Banking, it is global and every larger evil in the world today is orchestrated and funded by the Central Banking Jewry: Chemtrails, GMO, vaccines, Fluoride, economic crashes, false flags, wars, inflation... the list goes on.
The Central Banking Jewry is the New World Order.
The United States government is entirely controlled and run by the Central Banking Jewry / Federal Reserve Bank, a private corporation: http://www.rense.com/general85/feddrec.htm
For the troubles listed above to go away, the Central Banking Jewry owned Federal Reserve Bank must be abolished.
The Federal Reserve Bank is an unconstitutional entity.
The Central Banking Jewry will try to keep their power by taking your Constitutional Rights away.
Ron Paul says this right at 27:00 in the following:
Money, Banking, and the Federal Reserve Bank:
Key Factors in Sustainable Gold Standard for Money: http://www.activistpost.com/2014/08/the-key-factors-in-sustainable-gold.html
Central Banking Jewry's Constitution: https://hubski.com/pub?id=175684
UPDATE: Angel was returned home on Friday, May 8. Click here.
Police tell WOWT 6 News an 11-month-old boy wearing only a diaper was found in a dumpster in a La Vista apartment complex Wednesday evening.
Angel Ramirez-Marinero was found by a man who lives at the Alpine Village Apartments. He heard a whimper, almost like a cry, coming from the dumpster. When he looked inside he found the boy.
Later that night, Angel's mother, 45-year-old Jesus Marinero, was found dead at 4th and Cedar streets in Omaha.
Emily Winkle was one of the few people to see the boy before police whisked him away to the Omaha Children's Hospital. Her boyfriend helped the man who found the child get the boy out of the dumpster and to safety.
The child was covered in lint and has scrapes and bruises on his back, but otherwise is in good health. "It was fine and just happy someone was holding it," said Winkle.
WInkle and her mother were flagged down by the two men as they returned from a doctor's appointment. Winkle, an expectant mother, told WOWT 6 News her mother is a registered nurse. WInkle's mother wrapped the baby in a blanket and kept an eye on him as police showed up.
"Obviously, it looks as though the child was abandoned there wearing nothing but a diaper," said La Vista Police Capt. Bryan Waugh.
As for the people who live nearby, they're still shocked at what they saw. "I just can't believe that someone can do that, just discard a baby like it's a piece of trash," said Winkle.
For the latest updates in this case, click here.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Following the release of a user-created mod that significantly improved the visual quality of the PC version of Watch Dogs, Ubisoft has detailed the next official patch for its open-world hacking game.
The patch is for both PC and console, and it will bring a number of stability fixes and performance improvements to the game. The console versions of the patch deal primarily with game-breaking bugs, including a glitch that prevented players from progressing past 90 percent completion. It is available for the PS4 now, and it will launch for the PS3, 360, and One "within the next week."
The PC version of the Watch Dogs patch will launch "in the coming days," but it also addresses a broader range of problems, including addressing graphical bugs, improving stability, and increasing performance. Ubisoft is also improving graphics stability and fidelity.
Ubisoft has not yet commented on the previous user-created mod or the files that the creators unearthed within the game labeled "E3 2012 Bloom" and "E3 2012 Explosions," among others. But you can read the full list of improvements from the Ubisoft forums below:
Democrats feel they have grabbed political momentum, but the party still faces several dangers that could wipe it out in November.
Democratic strategists and independent political experts identify roughly five stumbling blocks that the party must overcome to avert big losses: history, jobs and the economy, an apathetic base, ethics and anti-Washington sentiment.
Almost every Democratic strategist acknowledges the party will lose seats in Congress this fall. The question is whether the loss will be moderate or severe, or even enough to give Republicans control of the House.
History
Since 1932, the president's party has gained seats in the Senate and House only twice in midterm elections: in 1934, during Franklin D. Roosevelt's first term, when Democrats picked up nine Senate seats and nine House seats; and 2002, during George W. Bush's first term, when Republicans captured two Senate seats and eight House seats.
In 1998, at the height of impeachment proceedings against President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE, Democrats picked up five House seats and the Senate ratios didn't change.
The president's party has seen some spectacular wipeouts in the first midterm election of a new administration. Clinton saw Democrats lose 52 House seats and eight Senate seats in 1994.
President Ronald Reagan's (R) party lost 26 House seats in 1982, although it picked up a seat in the Senate.
Over the past 19 midterm elections, the president's party has lost an average of 25.8 seats in the House and 3.4 seats in the Senate.
Obama's job approval is not significantly higher than his predecessors'. A recent Gallup poll showed the president with a 48 percent approval rating.
Clinton had a 48 percent rating and Reagan had a 42 percent rating shortly before the first midterm elections of their presidencies.
Jobs and the economy
“Jobs, jobs, jobs and jobs,” said Democratic strategist Chris Lehane when asked about the five biggest political dangers facing Democrats this year. “You could say jobs five times and that's really it.”
Lehane, who worked for Al Gore Albert (Al) Arnold GoreOvernight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run New climate PAC will back Inslee for president Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 MORE's 2000 presidential campaign, said Democrats need to convince voters they are fighting as hard as possible to create jobs and show results.
“There has to be a singular focus and a plan to deal with job growth,” he said. “There's enormous anxiety in the country and it all comes back to concern about our economy and jobs.”
Lehane said that the economy doesn't need to show “significant job growth” but that people “need to think we're on the right track.”
The economy added 162,000 jobs in March, of which 48,000 were temporary workers hired by the Census Bureau. Private economists such as Mark Zandi predict job growth could slow later this year when the bureau terminates those positions.
Tad Devine, a Democratic strategist who worked on Sen. John Kerry John Forbes KerryOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration 58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration Ex-national security officials to issue statement slamming Trump's emergency declaration: WaPo MORE's (D-Mass.) 2004 presidential campaign, said the economy would need to create about 125,000 a month in the run-up to the election.
Other Democratic strategists have said any positive growth would be enough to show progress to voters. They say candidates can make a strong case by comparing even modest growth to the months in late 2008 and early 2009, when the economy was losing more than 650,000 jobs a month.
The apathetic liberal base
Ross K. Baker, a professor of political science at Rutgers University, notes that many liberal Democrats are disillusioned by Obama's policy positions.
“There's a question of how fired up the base is,” said Baker. “A lot of people of the Democratic base have issues with the president on a number of things.”
Environmentalists, such as leaders of the Sierra Club, are not happy with Obama's proposal to open millions of acres off the mid- and south-Atlantic coasts to oil and gas drilling.
Hispanic voters have pushed for action on immigration reform, but there has been little progress made.
Gay-rights advocates have clashed with the administration over the “Don't ask, don't tell” policy that prohibits gays from serving openly in the military.
Liberal pacifists have expressed dismay over Obama's decision to boost troop levels in Afghanistan.
“The one part of the base that is solidly in his corner is African-Americans,” Baker said. But he noted that African-American turnout would likely be reduced in a non-presidential election year.
Democratic strategists, however, note that passage of healthcare reform has started to coalesce the base, even though the new law lacks the government-run insurance plan that many liberals wanted.
Ethics
Democrats captured Congress in 2006 by claiming that a “culture of corruption” had flourished under Republicans. They pledged to “drain the swamp” of Washington politics and were helped by the late-breaking sex scandal involving former Rep. Mark Foley (R-Fla.) and House pages.
Republicans will try to play the ethics card against Democrats this year, and Exhibit A will be Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.). Rangel stepped down as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee last month after the ethics committee admonished him for taking corporate-sponsored trips to the Caribbean.
Republicans will also attack Democratic leaders' handling of sexual harassment allegations against Rep. Eric Massa (D-N.Y.), who resigned last month.
Republicans may also highlight ethics allegations against the late Rep. John Murtha (D-Pa.), the former chairman of the Appropriations Defense subcommittee, who was accused of steering earmarks to campaign contributors.
To pre-empt allegations of corruption in the appropriations process, House Democrats last month decided to ban earmarks to private corporations. Senate Democrats have shown little inclination to follow suit, which Craig Holman, legislative representative for Public Citizen, a left-leaning public interest group, said could turn out to be a mistake.
“That's a big mistake,” said Holman. “Money and politics will be a big issue in 2010.”
Democrats have a powerful counterargument to make by raising the alleged misconduct of lawmakers such as Sens. John Ensign (R-Nev.) and David Vitter David Bruce VitterBottom Line Bottom Line Top 5 races to watch in 2019 MORE (R-La.).
Ensign admitted to an affair with a former aide who was married to his chief of staff. Ensign later found a job for the chief of staff and his parents paid the couple $96,000. Vitter, who is up for reelection, was connected to a prostitution ring in 2007.
Anti-Washington sentiment
When he accepted the Democratic nomination in August 2008, Obama pledged to fix the “broken politics of Washington.”
Nearly two years later, Washington has become, by most accounts, more partisan. Routine legislative measures, such as an extension of unemployment benefits and a freeze in cuts to doctors' Medicare reimbursements, have become heavy lifts.
An estimated 200,000 Americans are expected to lose unemployment insurance this week because of failure to reach compromise on a one-week extension.
Democratic strategists note that Republicans aren't faring any better than Democrats in generic public opinion surveys. But they admit the national mood is more of a problem for Democrats because they control more seats in Congress.
“It's an anti-incumbent year and we have more incumbents than [Republicans] do,” said Erik Smith, who served as a senior aide to former House Democratic Leader Dick Gephardt (Mo.).
Smith contrasted this year to 2006, which he called an anti-Republican year, and 1994, which he called an anti-Democratic year — two election years when control of Congress flipped.
Smith said a lot of “marginal” Democrats survived in 2006 and 2008 because those were good years for the election cycle. He said the environment is significantly different and vulnerable lawmakers' toughest job will be convincing voters that the economy is improving.
“It will be a hard sell to folks who don't have jobs that the economy is getting better,” he said.
NOTICE: This article is outdated. Please read my article on how to build Bootstrap 3.0 themes the proper way. Thank you!
PLEASE, if you do use Bootstrap for just about everything be courteous to your audience and change up some of the basic variables so it doesn't look all the same! I just tested a really cool app and was SO disappointed that it used bootstrap. I'm sick of seeing the same damn buttons. I'm sick of seeing that same damn toolbar up top. It's driving me crazy. And you know what? I use Bootstrap right now, as we speak (not on this site). Why? First, it's prettier than Foundation. Second, I need something that I can develop quickly in without having to write any styles, my current work focuses on results rather than prettiness and UI (for all I know, they wouldn't mind straight HTML without CSS but that would make working on it hell for me). Third, it has the perfect less/css organization for a large project. You know what I did? I used BootTheme. Yeah, that's right. and I played around with it, used the company's colors, changed up some of the basic variables for shadows, borders, button effects. UPDATE: boot theme was recently UPGRADED to 2.1.0, awesome 🙂 Have trouble coming up with a damn color scheme? You're not the only one.
Take an extra five minutes and figure out a good color combo. Took me 15 minutes and my project doesn't look anything like bootstrap. If you saw it, you would guess that I may have gotten inspired by bootstrap at some point in time..maybe. If you're unsure how to use it, check out my old Color Scheme Designer guide Now, was that hard? No. Even bootstrap itself provides these features:
They have a “customize” page! No shit. really. You see it? Yeah? USE IT. It doesn't take a damn genius. Or just use BootTheme and copy their var setup and implement it in the newest Bootstrap version. NOT THAT HARD. Furthermore. You know those icons bootstrap uses? Let's expand on that and use:
Font Awesome because holy crap new icons with minimal 5 minute setup. On top of that, now that you don't have Bootstrappy icons, you have 50 more icons (or however many, I didn't count or check, or bothered with that). The only step left that will really make your non-bootstrap bootstrap site shine is a sweet, minimalist background:
Subtle Patterns is THE PLACE to go to for quick, beautiful patterns. Okay, so now that you've spent some extra time, and you're pissed at me for making you do all that work and for screaming and yelling at you: Take a screenshot of your creation and post it here! I'd love to see what you came up with and how it looks. And if you developed or are developing a self-hosted app or website using a modified bootstrap theme. I'd love to see that too! Who knows, maybe I'll round up all the submissions and make a post about it! If you're too lazy to make your own stuff, just google “Bootstrap Themes”.
Extras (updated)
After writing this article and having it take off with tens of thousands of readers, I found a few NEW things you can do and that will help out:
adjust shadow settings. We've come to expect a certain amount of shadow from bootstrap. Same with gradients. If you adjust it (or get rid of it like Kippt did in it is nav), a lot of the “bootstrap-y” stuff will follow along
change the font! There's Google fonts for that 😉 Personal recommendations: Droid Sans, Ubuntu, Open Sans, the PT family of fonts, Lato, and Pacifico (for that Pinterest-like headline/logo).
Truth Be Told
Update: I coded up a free bootstrap theme for everyone to see. You are welcome to view the theme itself before installing!
I'm not asking for that much. I'm a developer too. And I know deadlines, and I know that if you get an awesome idea that needs back-end work, you want to focus on that and not on the damn styles. That's quite fine. If you don't like my process, you're welcome to ignore it. If you do like it, please be nice to the world and add some variety from the now-common Bootstrap App world (someone should make a site like that btw…). It takes 25-30 minutes altogether. Probably less. Want to jump into coding? That's fine! Start with the basic bootstrap css file and when you're done, REPLACE IT. W00t! I think I might start making a bootstrap theme library (for free) that has LITTLE variations but powerful effects and changes just so you guys don't have to work too much 😉
A little bit of self promotion 😉
Don't want to do it? Fine! Hire me. Seriously. You see that button on the right? Just click on it, fill out the form, and hire me for this. If you're a dev and you REALLY don't want to deal with having to set everything up, I'll make a quick bootstrap theme for you, packaged up with awesome icons, extended functionality and a pretty color scheme. Think about it. I'm a designer, I'm a developer, just like you. And if you have some extra work that you just can't take care of, there's outsourcing. If you go to my blog and look up top, what does it say? That's right, this is an OUTSOURCING blog. Anyways, good luck! 🙂
Other Resources
WrapBootStrap – Bootstrap themes marketplace.
http://jetstrap.com/ – Jetstrap is an online tool to build UI with Bootstrap via drag-drop. Web-based.
ColourLovers – alternative to ColorSchemeDesigner. Find swatches here. Used not JUST for web.
StyleBootstrap – similar to boottheme
Bootstrap Image Gallery – an extension for image gallery
KickStrap – bootstrap enhancement suite with custom themes, js plugins, and more. Perfect solution for those that don't want to customize
Bootswatch – free bootstrap themes
Kuler – Adobe's color swatch library. If you can't figure out the right colors even with colorschemedesigner, this is the place to go.
http://builtwithbootstrap.com/ <- repository of built-with-bootstrap sites for inspiration!
http://lovebootstrap.com/ – another site with examples
What's a Hot Jupiter
A ‘Hot Jupiter' is an exoplanet like Jupiter but much hotter, with orbits that take it feverishly close to the parent star.
This behemoth planet is quite different from many others discovered by the WASP survey or the prolific Kepler Space Telescope responsible for over 2,000 confirmed exoplanet sightings. When NASA scientists directed the lenses of the Hubble and Spritzer telescopes towards WASP-18b, they determined that there likely isn't any water in the stratosphere which is instead largely made of carbon monoxide. Data suggests the stratosphere is packed with hot gas while the lower troposphere is dominated by cooler carbon monoxide.
“The composition of WASP-18b defies all expectations,” said Kyle Sheppard of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
“We don't know of any other extrasolar planet where carbon monoxide so completely dominates the upper atmosphere,” Sheppard said.
The team determined the two types of carbon monoxide signatures at a wavelength of about 1.6 micrometers and an emission signature at about 4.5 micrometers. This is the first time researchers have detected both types of fingerprints for a single type of molecule in an exoplanet's atmosphere.
All of these observations point to the curious possibility that this planet may contain 300 times more metals than other exoplanets of similar mass. If that's true, WASp-18b clearly did not form in the same way as other Hot Jupiters before it.
“This rare combination of factors opens a new window into our understanding of physicochemical processes in exoplanetary atmospheres,” said Nikku Madhusudhan, a co-author of the study from the University of Cambridge. This behemoth planet is quite different from many others discovered by the WASP survey or the prolific Kepler Space Telescope responsible for over 2,000 confirmed exoplanet sightings. When NASA scientists directed the lenses of the Hubble and Spritzer telescopes towards WASP-18b, they determined that there likely isn't any water in the stratosphere which is instead largely made of carbon monoxide. Data suggests the stratosphere is packed with hot gas while the lower troposphere is dominated by cooler carbon monoxide.The team determined the two types of carbon monoxide signatures at a wavelength of about 1.6 micrometers and an emission signature at about 4.5 micrometers. This is the first time researchers have detected both types of fingerprints for a single type of molecule in an exoplanet's atmosphere.All of these observations point to the curious possibility that this planet may contain 300 times more metals than other exoplanets of similar mass. If that's true, WASp-18b clearly did not form in the same way as other Hot Jupiters before it.“This rare combination of factors opens a new window into our understanding of physicochemical processes in exoplanetary atmospheres,” said Nikku Madhusudhan, a co-author of the study from the University of Cambridge.
About 300 light years away lies a weird planet, unlike any other astronomers have ever seen. Called WASP-18b, this hot giant has 10 times the mass of Jupiter and a peculiar atmosphere mostly made of carbon monoxide. The data suggests that there's no water vapor to be found in its stratosphere, which could change our understanding of the formation of such planets. WASP-18b was first identified by the Wide Angle Search for Planets survey which uses a double setup each comprising 8 cameras that cover 480 degrees of the sky. One set of cameras lies in the northern hemisphere, the other in the southern hemisphere. Since both setups entered operation in 2006, astronomers have used them to gather data on 30 million stars. By studying small changes or wobbles in the light of a star, scientists can determine whether a planet is passing by and, if yes, they can derive some of its properties. WASP-18b, along with another 100 planets or so have been discovered by the survey in this manner.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption South Africa's 'spy tape' saga explained
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma must face charges of corruption, fraud, racketeering and money laundering, the Supreme Court of Appeal has ruled.
It agreed with a lower court ruling last year that prosecutors could bring back 783 counts of corruption relating to a 1999 arms deal.
The charges had been set aside eight years ago, enabling Mr Zuma to become president.
The president has always maintained his innocence.
In a statement, Mr Zuma's office said the ruling was "disappointing", but anticipated.
The president now expected South Africa's National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) to consider representations from his legal team before making a decision about whether to prosecute him, it added.
The charges relate to Mr Zuma's relationship with a businessman, Shabir Shaik, who was tried and found guilty in 2005 of soliciting bribes from a French arms company "for the benefit of Zuma".
Mr Zuma and other government officials have been accused of taking kickbacks from the purchase of fighter jets, patrol boats and other arms.
Charges were first brought against Mr Zuma in 2005 but dropped by prosecutors in 2009.
Last year, the High Court in the capital, Pretoria, ruled in a case brought by the opposition Democratic Alliance that he should face the charges.
Mr Zuma went on to lodge a challenge with the Supreme Court of Appeal.
Analysis: 'Spy tapes' appeal
By Andrew Harding, BBC News, Johannesburg
Image copyright AFP
It is the corruption case that will not go away.
President Zuma has battled for years to avoid going on trial for 783 counts of corruption, linked to a politically charged bribery scandal that stretches back to the 1990s.
The case against him was dropped in controversial circumstances in 2009, when the security services produced recordings of phone conversations that apparently show there was "political meddling" by prosecutors.
Weeks later, Mr Zuma became president of the country.
But the so-called "spy tapes" have never been made public, and opposition parties have fought in the courts to have the corruption charges reinstated.
After this appeals court ruling, that could now happen - in theory.
In practice, many believe South Africa's NPA is unlikely to proceed, at least not without further delays.
Mr Zuma's presidential term ends in 2019, when he will not be eligible to stand in another election having already served two terms in office.
His eventful presidency has seen him survive eight votes of no-confidence, making him the most colourful and controversial president South Africa has had since white-minority rule ended in 1994.
INNOVATIVE's monthly telephone tracking poll shows the PCs maintaining a slight lead over the Ontario Liberals, within the margin of error. The NDP remain stalled at 14% of voters. (Click here for methodology and details).
As a part of our ongoing monthly tracking, INNOVATIVE maintains regional, voter and issue analyses. For those interested, we offer private briefings, with additional data and depth, specially tailored to the issues that matter to you. To learn more about our INNOVATIVE Insider Briefings, click here.
About this study:
Innovative Research Group Inc. (INNOVATIVE) polled 605 Ontario residents through a mixed landline and cell live caller survey from July 13th to the 19th, 2017. The margin of error for July's data is +/- 4.0 %, 19 times out of 20. The sample has been weighted (n=600) by age, gender and region using the latest available data, 2011 Census, to reflect actual demographic composition of the population. This survey is compared with previous studies since April 2000.
Virginia Beach Mayor Will Sessoms could be removed from office at a judge's discretion if he is found guilty of knowingly violating the state's Conflict of Interest Act, according to those laws.
Sessoms, who was charged Wednesday with five counts of violating the act, would not be required to step down if convicted. However, the Virginia Conflict of Interest Act 2015-16 Guide for Local Government Leaders says in part:
Sessoms issued a statement today saying his loyalty is to the city's citizens, and that he wants to address the accusations in criminal court and not in the press.
“I have never participated in any vote with the intention of benefiting myself personally or my former employer,” he said.
Sessoms faces five misdemeanor charges for votes he cast between 2009 and 2014 that benefited TowneBank, where he served as a president during that time, according to a summary of the allegations provided by Mike Doucette, the special prosecutor in the case.
Doucette told reporters today that only sex offenses and felonies result in a public official automatically being kicked out of office. Reminded by a reporter of a section of law that says a judge can remove city councilmembers who are found guilty of malfeasance in relation to conflicts of interest, he said he would double-check.
“Removals by a judge are rare,” Doucette said.
Doucette said Sessoms is accused of failing to disclose his relationship to TowneBank during the five votes in question. Whether he knowingly committed a violation is irrelevant according to the law, Doucette said.
“The act has a number of technical requirements on it,” Doucette said. “It basically says you shall do this, you shall make these declarations if you have a personal interest in this particular transaction.”
The mayor, first elected to the seat in 2008, is scheduled to appear in court Dec. 7, but Doucette said that date is likely to be pushed back. Sessoms faces a maximum fine of $2,500 — $500 for each charge — if convicted on all counts.
Doucette, the commonwealth's attorney in Lynchburg, scrambled to file the charges at the 11th hour before the statute of limitations expired on Nov.8, one year after the potential conflicts of interest were raised in a Virginian-Pilot investigation. Doucette said he would have brought the same charges had he been given more time.
Several councilmembers declined to comment or could not be reached.
“I'm sorry that the mayor and his family are going through this,” Councilwoman Rosemary Wilson said, adding that she is sorry for citizens, too.
Councilwoman Shannon Kane echoed Wilson, saying Sessom loves the city and that she didn't think he'd “do something like that knowingly.”
Asked how the charges might loom over meetings, Kane said the shadow was already there.
“It's been that way for a year,” she said, referring to when the investigation publicly began nearly a year ago. “At least now he knows what the situation is. We're a step further toward a conclusion where as before we, and he, knew nothing.”
Late Wednesday, Councilman John Moss said despite political differences with Sessoms, the mayor is innocent until proven guilty in a courtroom.
“If he is, then you can ask me what I think about it then,” he said.
The charges are punishable by less than what is possible for having an open container of alcohol in a vehicle, but Doucette said conflict of interest violations are still more troublesome.
That is “because of the transparency aspect of it,” he said. “The public has to have confidence in what its public officials are doing.”
Sessom's full statement read as follows:
“I have received the five summonses taken out by the special prosecutor. I have never participated in any vote with the intention of benefiting myself personally or my former employer. My loyalty has always been to the city of Virginia Beach and our citizens. I have never intentionally violated the conflict of interest act or any other law or ordinance. I intend to address these charges and each and every allegation in the coming days and weeks. Given that this is now a criminal prosecution, on the advise of counsel, I will not make any further comment and certainly do not intend to try this case in the press.”
Spread the love
Phoenix, AZ – The nanny/security state has reared its ugly head, again — this time in the form of a new law that requires passengers in a vehicle to carry identification – with violators facing up to four months in jail and a $750 dollar fine.
Last week, HB 2305 was introduced by Rep. Anthony Kern (R-Dist. 20), in hopes of reinstating an Arizona law that was struck down in 2002 after a judge ruled the statute as too vague to enforce.
Currently, Arizona law requires only requires that the driver of a vehicle carry identification.
The new law would require passengers in a vehicle to have evidence of identity, with failure to do so resulting in a misdemeanor charge, which allows for a penalty of up to four months in jail. The entire text of the bill can be read here.
There are no stipulations in the bill differentiating between children and adults. Thus, under the proposed law, if passed in its current form, parents would be ridiculously obliged to procure IDs for their children to be able to simply ride in a vehicle without breaking the law.
Furthermore, the way the bill is worded makes it potentially applicable to anyone riding a bicycle if officers felt like applying it in that manner.
Under established precedent, an officer is only allowed to request identification from someone if there is reasonable suspicion of a crime, or traffic infraction, to stop the driver of the vehicle.
Rep. Kern attempted to justify this absurd law by stating, “Police officers need to know who they are talking to, and we wanted to clarify it in statute for passengers also,” in reference to a previous court ruling that negated the old passenger ID law, which resulted in the dropping of possession of drug charges for a suspect who was arrested as a passenger for not having a valid ID and was not wearing a seatbelt.
The reality of the situation is that under established U.S. law, unless an officer has a reasonable articulable suspicion of a crime afoot, a citizen is under no obligation to provide identification. Make no mistake that there is no logic or reason in attempting to force passengers to carry ID under threat of imprisonment.
These actions are simply another means of providing the government with more control over individuals when agents of the state and citizens interact. The state is clearly attempting to tread upon the civil liberties/rights that are supposed to be inherent to all Americans.
Steve Kilar, spokesperson with the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona, said the proposal would ascribe a harsh punishment for a minor violation.
“This proposal takes us one step closer to a society in which we're required to carry identification whenever we leave our homes,” Kilar said. “Furthermore, it needlessly piles criminal penalties onto civil violations, which would lead to huge fines and fees for otherwise minor violations. We don't need people branded criminals simply because they failed to carry—or do not have—an ID card.”
This attempt at criminalizing people who simply don't carry, or have, an ID is an unmistakable example of the ruling class attempting to provide cover for its paid enforcers as a means of allowing them to have more power in their interactions with people NOT suspected of a crime.
Warning: Code in this blog post is very old and likely will not work with the current version of NMatrix. Please check the NMatrix wiki for the most recent information.
Two months ago, I mentioned the existence of a prototype Ruby linear algebra library, written in C.
I am pleased to announce that yesterday we released our first alpha of said library, NMatrix v0.0.1.
Creating Matrices
There are lots of different ways to create matrices. The first and easiest is to supply dimensions and initial data:
>> n = NMatrix.new(4, 0) # a square 4x4 dense zero matrix => #<NMatrix:0x9a57e14shape:[4,4] dtype:int32 stype:dense> >> n.pretty_print 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 => nil
Data Types
You may notice that this first matrix defaulted to dtype=:int32 . NMatrix will try to guess the dtype based on the first initial value you provide (e.g., NMatrix.new(4, [0.0, 1]) will be :float32), but you can choose to provide a dtype in addition to or in lieu of initial values:
>> n = NMatrix.new(4, [0,1], :rational128) => #<NMatrix:0x9959e04shape:[4,4] dtype:rational128 stype:dense> >> n.pretty_print 0/1 1/1 0/1 1/1 0/1 1/1 0/1 1/1 0/1 1/1 0/1 1/1 0/1 1/1 0/1 1/1 >> m = NMatrix.new(4, :int64) # no initialization of values => #<NMatrix:0x99fad68shape:[4,4] dtype:int64 stype:dense> >> m.pretty_print -1217641248 161386160 161386100 161385680 161385640 161385520 161385420 161384180 161384120 161381060 161381020 161412140 161411940 161411880 161411840 160879240 => nil
Storage Formats
The storage type (stype) can also be specified, prior to the dimension argument. However, with sparse storage formats, initial values don't make sense, and these matrices will contain zeros by default.
# empty list-of-lists-of-lists 4x3x4 matrix n = NMatrix.new(:list, [4,3,4], :int64) # Ruby objects in a 'Yale' sparse matrix m = NMatrix.new(:yale, [5,4], :object) # A byte matrix containing a gradient o = NMatrix.new(:dense, 5, [0,1,2,3,4], :byte)
The matrix m created above is a Yale-format sparse matrix, or more specifically, “new Yale,” which differs from “old Yale” in that the diagonal is stored separately from the non-diagonal elements. Thus, diagonals can be accessed and set in constant time.
Currently, all storage is row-based.
Conversion
You can also convert between any of these three stypes using cast , e.g.,
n = NMatrix.new(:list, 4, :int64) n[0,0] = 5 n[0,3] = -2 dense = n.cast(:dense, :int64)
Vectors
Currently, only dense vectors are implemented as a child class of NMatrix , and creation is similar:
>> nv = NVector.new(5, :int64) => #<NVector:0x9a62328shape:[5,1] dtype:int64 stype:dense orientation:column>
Math Operations
Most element-wise mathematical operations are supported for Yale and dense types. These use the basic operators (e.g., +, -, /, *, ==).
For non-element-wise matrix multiplication, use the dot instance method of NMatrix. Whole-matrix comparison (returning a single boolean value) is the equal? or eql? method.
Road Map
Much more remains to be written than has been completed. Here are some of our key priorities:
determinants
matrix-vector multiplication for Yale
adaptation of SciRuby Matlab file reader to support NMatrix
in-place transposition
If you want to get involved, I suggest visiting the NMatrix issue tracker. It will contain not only bugs, but also features that need to be implemented.
Conclusion
We're all pretty excited about NMatrix. But we couldn't have gotten this far without Masahiro Tanaka's NArray, which has served as a model for our library.
And we can't do it without your help. A numerical library in Ruby is no small endeavour, and probably requires at least one full-time programmer (which we do not have). Please consider contributing, even if it's just by letting us know what you think.
Happy coding!
Quote hillerbees Quote: Originally Posted by
Almost 11pm here in Ireland and no sign of the game being available to play so I'm off to bed. Its not the end of the world but a free day or two extra subs for everyone would go a long way to making up for the wasted day's sub ( and not the first - lets be fair here).....there is precedent for it ....go back to the early days of the game - it happened (once!!).
Hope you get the game fixed up - we do appreciate that sith happens and you are trying your best..
*Jedi mind trick* - YOU WANT TO GIVE US 2 DAYS FREE SUB AND YOU NEED TO GO HOME AND RE-THINK YOUR LIFE Keith and Eric thanks for all the feedback throughout the evening.Almost 11pm here in Ireland and no sign of the game being available to play so I'm off to bed. Its not the end of the world but a free day or two extra subs for everyone would go a long way to making up for the wasted day's sub ( and not the first - lets be fair here).....there is precedent for it ....go back to the early days of the game - it happened (once!!).Hope you get the game fixed up - we do appreciate that sith happens and you are trying your best..*Jedi mind trick* - YOU WANT TO GIVE US 2 DAYS FREE SUB AND YOU NEED TO GO HOME AND RE-THINK YOUR LIFE Another Irish NO WAYYYYY!!!!! xD
Elitist international schools biased against local hires
How woefully ironic that in a city that prides itself on its international schools, the most of any city in China, among those elite institutions of higher learning that cater expressly to expatriate families in Shanghai, many struggle to hire or retain quality teachers for their privileged student body.
This past September, right before the fall semester started, some of Shanghai's most eminent international schools (who I will extend the courtesy of not naming and shaming here) were seen bottom-feeding on Craigslist, the skid-row of job ads, for last-minute hires. This is bizarre given the high tuition that expense-account expat parents, who are often compensated by their companies, pay to send their children to these private schools.
According to figures one can freely browse on Shanghai educational listings site Chalksmart, the per annum cost for international primary-aged students in Shanghai averages between 80,000 ($12,596) to 150,000 yuan, with the highest at 220,000. Secondary international schools in Shanghai average between 160,000 to 200,000 yuan, with the top three pricing at 260,000. These numbers are higher than Hong Kong, one of the most competitive educational markets in all of Asia.
With all this cash pouring into the coffers of international schools, and a growing expat populous, why do they have such a shortage of teachers? Even more perplexing, why is there such a high turnaround among their teachers?
A large part of the problem, I have deduced after speaking with some foreign teachers and expat parents here, is that in spite of their exorbitant tuitions, most international schools fail to redistribute their wealth back to their teaching staff. Many international schools use a stingy pay grade scale that goes by years of experience and accreditation, with fresh hires earning only 300,000 yuan (on average) for their first year, and taking up to a decade to reach 400,000.
In an outrageously expensive megalopolis like Shanghai - ranked among the world's highest cost of living cities - 25,000 yuan per month is barely enough for a foreigner to survive on after factoring in rent and other costs. This is reason enough to send most certified teachers scurrying back to their home countries, where at least they can collect insurance, unionized protection and a pension.
But after deeper digging, I uncovered an even more peculiar discrepancy. Among the top 20 international schools in Shanghai, several have a two-tier payment system for overseas hires and local expatriate hires. On the recruiting page of one elite school in Jinqiao, it is stated very clearly that "the benefit packages for teachers depend on whether a teacher is hired from abroad or locally."
"School fees (are included) for teachers' children for up to three children if both parents are teaching and up to two children for a single teacher or a teacher with a non-teaching spouse," their website states for Overseas Expatriate Faculty. And yet for the local hires: "Teachers may apply for tuition remission for one child within guidelines set by the school."
This haughty incongruity is based on the very low opinion that expat teachers here are held in, with the assumption generally being that most are "unqualified failures" who couldn't hack it in their home countries. Because of this bias, international schools prefer to avoid hiring from the local talent pool and instead recruit from abroad, which many teachers contend reflects a lack of long-term thinking.
"They (overseas hires) tend to experience severe culture shock, which impacts their performance in the classroom. They stay only a year or so then vanish," one international school teacher I know told me. "I've been teaching in Shanghai for 10 years and know how to get international kids adjusted and motivated. Yet I make several thousand yuan less than my new-hire colleagues."
For foreign teachers in Shanghai who are feeling unappreciated by their international schools, a solution may be in the most unexpected of places: Chinese schools. Based on my own cursory research, at least three private Chinese high schools in Shanghai are paying advanced placement (AP) foreign teachers a starting salary of 400,000 yuan per year, along with additional benefits.
And with the growing trend of Chinese students opting to study in overseas universities (more than 15,000 graduating from high school students from Shanghai were granted visas to study abroad in 2014), more local high schools are opening international "college prep" divisions. In order to attract talented foreign teachers, the tempting pay and benefits being offered by Chinese schools will soon eclipse Shanghai's international schools - eventually restoring the balance of power back to locals, and local hires.
The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times.
It is an appointment that has been in the works for the past two years, but Fagan was unable to follow up on the interest while she was still working as a lawyer for the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority. Fagan's tenure at ASADA finished on Thursday night, clearing the path for her to take the next step in her passion as a sports administrator. "I'm not there to tick a box, I want to contribute," Fagan said. "Fingers crossed, I'll be able to. "Those guys on the board are especially well credentialled and don't want me on there just to be a girl."
Fagan brings a wealth of experience from a variety of fields, starting as an elite athlete across a number of sports. That included making Australia's shadow team for the 2006 Torino Winter Olympics for skeleton and bobsleigh. Fagan has also previously sat on the board of Cricket ACT, ACT Athletics, been a delegate to the ACT Olympic Council and spent the past 10 years as the co-host of ABC Grandstand alongside Tim Gavel. Outside of sport, she has built a successful legal career and will be specialising in sports law with Russell Kennedy Lawyers having spent the past 2½ years with ASADA. The Fagan name is well known in Canberra sporting circles.
Her former partner Andrew Fagan was the chief executive of the ACT Brumbies and now holds that position with the Adelaide Crows in the AFL. The Raiders previously tried to recruit Channel Nine sports journalist Erin Molan to the club's board, but were knocked back. "I don't think the Raiders are looking for females, I think they're looking for diversity," Bronwyn Fagan said. "I'm probably a little bit younger than a lot of people that are on the board and my experiences and background are a little bit different. "Being a former elite athlete who has worked in anti-doping and in media, but I've also done a lot of governance in sport, but also outside of sport in my legal capacity.
"It's more about diversity than just looking for another female to sit in a chair." Raiders chairman Allan Hawke said Fagan would be a valuable addition to the club's board with her background in law and sport. "She's got a passion for the game and she's got some skills we don't have on the board," Hawke said. "I just think she's got the goods for the sort of person we would be interested in. "She's got a seriously impressive CV for someone her age."
Fagan joins Hawke, Gillett, Raiders Group general manager Simon Hawkins, DFAT secretary Dennis Richardson, lobbyist Paul Whalan, Colliers International state chief executive Paul Powderly, ActewAGL joint venture board chairman John Mackay and Price Waterhouse Coopers senior partner Terry Webber on the club's board. "The Raiders board has got to be one of the best credentialled boards in the whole of Australia," Fagan said. "It's got some incredibly successful, but also humble, business people who are very keen to help and do what they can. "I'm really looking forward to seeing how those guys operate."
The VAIO Z Canvas is a 2-in-1 tablet with a detachable keyboard, a high-resolution display, and an active digitizer and pen for writing and drawing.
VAIO, which is also known as the company that used to be Sony's PC division, unveiled the Vaio Z Canvas in February. Now it's about to go on sale in Japan, where it should hit stores May 29th.
But VAIO also plans to re-enter the US market: the company says the VAIO Z Canvas is coming to the United States in the fall of 2015.
The VAIO Z Canvas features a 12 inch, 2560 x 1704 pixel display and supports up to an Intel Core i7 Haswell processor, up to 16GB of RAM, and up to 1TB of storage.
It runs Windows 8.1 Pro software, features Gigabit Ethernet, 802.11ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0, HDMI and mini DisplayPort, two USB 3.0 ports, and TPM security.
All told, the Vaio Z Canvas seems like the company's answer to the Microsoft Surface Pro line of tablets. But it makes the Surface Pro 3 look cheap: Prices in Japan are expected to start at 249,800 yen for a model with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. That's over $2,000 US.
It's likely that the VAIO Z Canvas will be cheaper when it officially launches in the US this fall. Most computers are cheaper in the States than in Japan. But if Sony wants to compete with the Surface 3 Pro's $799 starting price, the company will probably need to cut some specs… although it's worth noting that the starting price for a Surface Pro 3 doesn't include the optional keyboard cover.
via PC Watch
Story highlights Away from G20 talks, protests, planes attract attention in Brisbane
Local paper depicts Obama in shorts, with headline "Welcome to Paradise"
Security law bans lizards, insects from restricted areas of city
Planespotters excited over steady succession of arrivals at Brisbane Airport
The G20 is in town and with it comes sacred flames, security bans, street protests and a bizarre front page depiction of world leaders in various states of undress.
The Australian city of Brisbane arguably hasn't seen this much excitement since World Expo '88 transformed a derelict strip of industrial land into a sprawling souvenir shop and later an inner city beach.
Preparations have been underway for more than two years, since ex-Prime Minister Julia Gillard's former Labor government proposed the city as a venue for the world's largest and most influential economic talks.
Current Prime Minister Tony Abbott has sworn that this G20 "will not be a talkfest." Still, over the next few days, political pundits will be scrutinizing the words, actions and gestures of at least 25 world leaders for hints at future policy.
While they do, here are few lesser-known facts about Brisbane's G20.
1. There's a sacred ceremonial fire
G20 ceremonial fire. Don't put it out.
At least, we hope there is. Last week, firefighters responded to a 000 call -- Australia's version of 911 -- to report an open fire in the city's Musgrave Park near the G20 center.
Officers duly put it out, only to be confronted by angry Aboriginal elders of the Jagera tribe who had lit the sacred ceremonial flame for G20, according to ABC reporter Michael James.
"They accosted the firefighters, yelling at them, a fair bit of swearing, accusing them of deliberately attempting to extinguish the fire as they knew that it was their sacred fire," James told CNN.
The embers used to light the blaze came from the fire burning at the Aboriginal Tent Embassy in Canberra, the headquarters of a long campaign for recognition and compensation for the theft of Aboriginal land.
During a march through the city on Monday, activists stopped in the middle of the street and broke into traditional dance, James said. More protests are planned during G20.
2. Banned: Eggs, stones, insects
Protesters dance in the street.
If you thought about taking your lizard for a walk through inner city Brisbane this week think again. "A reptile, insect, or other animal capable of causing physical harm if released in close proximity to a person" are banned from key areas of the city, according to the government's G20 security law.
You can't carry an egg, stone, metal cans, tins or glass bottles, and especially not ones that contain urine or manure, which are also on the banned list. Of course, crossbows are out and it would be best to leave your whips at home.
3. Step away from the mayonnaise
The threat of terrorism may be on the minds of police chiefs, but the state's top doctor has said she's more worried about egg mayonnaise.
Local caterers are expecting to prepare around 100,000 meals for delegates, media and police over the two-day event, creating a potential Salmonella minefield.
"We've seen quite a few outbreaks in Queensland over the last few years, mainly due to raw eggs," Dr. Jeannette Young told The Australian.
"My personal view is we should all shy away from raw egg mayonnaise at all times," she said.
4. Cheese please
U.S. President Obama is known to love a cheese burger, which is presumably why Brisbane Airport's Windmill & Co. has created the Big Obama Burger. Either that or they fancied some free publicity.
The towering burger includes two Angus beef patties, cheese (of course), onions, onion rings, spinach, tomato, cucumbers and mustard. Fans of local burger delicacies, beetroot and pineapple, will have to look elsewhere.
5. Mind the signs
A row has erupted over signs at Brisbane Airport, which would have been some of the first images delegates saw as they make their way through arrivals.
The rejected slogans, submitted by Civil Society 20 (C20) and Transparency International included: "If corruption was an industry it would be the world's third largest." And "Women comprise 70% of the world's poor."
Guess the odd one out.
Brisbane Airport tweeted: "We don't accept any political ads, whether from parties, cause based organizations or individuals, regardless of issue/message."
C20 spokesman John Lindsay said: "It's a sad day for Australia if talking about inequality, climate change or corruption are deemed too political."
The airport is offering a billboard of world leaders to satisfy demands for selfies.
6. Still at the airport...
Possibly the people most excited about G20 right now are about 120 plane spotters who are at Brisbane Airport eagerly awaiting the arrival of planes never before seen the country.
"The mood is excellent. People are excited about these aircraft visiting and how it puts Brisbane on the map in a global sense," Beau Chenery from PlaneImages.net told CNN.
"Some of these aircraft will probably never visit Brisbane again so it really is a one in a lifetime opportunity for aviation photographers."
U.S. Treasury Secretary arrives
The most anticipated touchdowns are President Putin's Ilyushin Il-96 and Obama's Air Force One.
"Everyone's hoping for Air Force One but it probably won't happen," plane spotter Daniel Vorbach told the ABC.
"I'd be ecstatic. That would be the pinnacle of everything."
Lori Ewing, The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- The game marked the return of Rudy Gay, but the night belonged to the Toronto Raptors.
Terrence Ross scored 18 points to lead the Raptors to a 99-87 victory over Sacramento on Friday, the Kings' first visit since the mammoth seven-player deal in December that sent Gay to the west coast.
On a night that no one truly shone, but every Raptor was solid, Toronto showed just how much it has improved since the roster remake.
DeMar DeRozan and Patrick Patterson scored 15 points apiece, while Jonas Valanciunas had 14 points and Amir Johnson had nine rebounds to go with nine points for the Raptors (34-26), who've won eight of their last 10 games.
DeMarcus Cousins topped Sacramento (22-40) with 24 points, while Gay had 15.
The Raptors led for all but the game's opening two minutes and pulled away in the third quarter to take an 80-63 advantage into the fourth quarter.
Toronto led by as much as 23 points in the fourth. The Kings would cut that to 10 points on a Ben McLemore three-pointer with a minute to go that made the game seem closer than it was.
The night marked Gay's first trip back to Toronto since Raptors GM Masai Ujiri shipped him, Aaron Gray and Quincy Acy to Sacramento for Greivis Vasquez, Patterson, John Salmons and Chuck Hayes on Dec. 9, just 18 games into the season.
The Raptors were 6-12 when Ujiri rewrote his roster, and Toronto has gone 28-14 since to sit third in the Eastern Conference.
Gay received a smattering off boos during the Kings' introductions, and again when he had Sacramento's first basket, but the level of hostility was nothing like that for former Raptors Vince Carter or even Andrea Bargnani when they play in Toronto.
The loudest jeers -- and cheers -- of the night came when Gay threw down a huge one-handed dunk but was called for travelling.
Of the former Kings, Patterson had the strongest night against his former team, scoring on an array of shots, including a pretty put-back basket and huge alley-oop dunk in the fourth quarter that brought the crowd of 18,658 to its feet. He was 3-for-4 from three-point range.
The Raptors shot 47 per cent on the night to the Kings' 42. The Raptors were the superior team from long range, shooting 10-for-21 from beyond the arc. The Kings went just 5-for-19 from three-point range.
Toronto looked rejuvenated from a rare four days off without a game, racing out to an early eight-point lead in a foul-filled first quarter. The Raptors were up 29-19 going into the second.
The Raptors stretched their lead to 13 early in the second and then went cold, shooting 33 per cent in the quarter and allowing the Kings to pull to within two points. Toronto took a 51-44 into the dressing room at halftime.
Ross poured in nine points in the third including a three with 3:13 left that put the Raptors up by 15, their biggest lead to that point. A layup by Patterson with three seconds left sent Toronto into the fourth quarter with an 80-63 advantage.
Russian diplomats keep dying unexpectedly
Russian diplomats seem to be an endangered species, as seven officials have been found dead under mysterious or unexplained circumstances just since Election Day, and — although any link remains as yet unprovable — the deaths certainly provoke a number of questions.
1. Sergei Krivov:
First is the perplexing case of Sergei Krivov — disputably a consular duty commander at the Russian Consulate in Manhattan — died on November 8, Election Day, under perhaps the most problematic circumstances of any of the deaths listed.
Found unconscious and unresponsive on the floor inside the consulate, Krivov suffered blunt force trauma to the head — initially reported as received in a fall from the roof of the building — and passed away before emergency services could reach the scene.
Consular officials quickly backtracked that Krivov died after plunging over the building, instead insisting he'd suffered a heart attack — but the diplomat's lack of paper trails and ambiguity from officials about his career position make the death appear to be far from ordinary.
“That position is no ordinary security guard,” reported BuzzFeed on Krivov's ambiguous role at the consulate. “According to other public Russian-language descriptions of the duty commander position, Krivov would have been in charge of, among other things, ‘prevention of sabotage' and suppression of ‘attempts of secret intrusion' into the consulate.
“In other words, it was Krivov's job to make sure US intelligence agencies didn't have ears in the building.”
2. Andrey Karlov:
On December 19, Russian Ambassador to Turkey Andrey Karlov met his fate while giving a speech at an art exhibit in Ankara, when Mevlüt Mert Altıntaş — an off-duty Turkish riot police officer — fired several shots from behind, fatally wounding the diplomat and injuring several others.
Altıntaş proceeded to declare jihad and implored the terrified, small crowd of attendees and press, “Do not forget Aleppo, do not forget Syria!”
It was later revealed Altıntaş had used his law enforcement identification to enter the gallery; but at the time, Russian President Vladimir Putin railed against the attacker, thin security allowing him to enter the exhibit, “Russia Through Turks' Eyes,” without issue, and the possible implications for resolving the conflict in Syria, stating,
“This murder is clearly a provocation aimed at undermining the improvement and normalization of Russian-Turkish relations, as well as undermining the peace process in Syria promoted by Russia, Turkey, Iran and other countries interested in settling the conflict in Syria.”
3. Petr Polshikov:
At some point on the same day — and prior to the brazen assassination of Karlov — Petr Polshikov, a senior diplomat in the Latin America division at the Russian foreign ministry, died in his Moscow apartment of a gunshot wound to the head. An announcement of the suspicious death did not become public until a few hours after Altıntaş shocked the world in Ankara.
Detailed information on Polshikov's untimely demise remains difficult to obtain, but reports at the time alleged authorities found two bullet shells on the scene and a firearm under a sink in the bathroom.
4. Oleg Erovinkin:
Ex-KGB chief Oleg Erovinkin — believed to have assisted former British spy, Christopher Steele, with a lurid dossier alleging explicit acts by President Donald Trump — was found dead in his black Lexus on December 29.
Erovinkin had been close to Igor Sechin, a former deputy prime minister and now head of State-owned oil company, Rosneft, and had acted as a key liaison between Sechin and Putin.
Although validity of the contents of that dossier have been called into serious question, Erovinkin's alleged involvement in compiling the information makes his death dubious by nature. An investigation is ongoing.
5. Andrey Malanin:
Despite living alone on a tightly-guarded street, Andrey Malanin — head of the consular section at Russia's embassy in Athens — was “found on the floor of his bedroom by a member of the embassy's staff with no evidence of a break-in, the official said on condition of anonymity,” Reuters reported January 9.
Authorities also told Reuters there were no indications Malanin had been murdered, but homicide officials are investigating the death due to his status as a diplomat.
6. Aleksandr Kadakin:
On January 26, Russian ambassador to India, 67-year-old Aleksandr Kadakin — who had served in the position since 2009 and spent over two decades as a diplomat — died in New Delhi, ostensively from heart failure.
Although it appeared the man's death was unrelated to the others and had been natural, the timing in conjunction with Karlov, Polshikov, Erovinkin, and Malanin raised some eyebrows.
7. Vitaly Churkin:
Then, last week, Russian ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin died one day before his 65th birthday in New York City — reportedly of a heart failure.
According to the New York Times on February 20, “The Russian government said he died suddenly but did not specify a cause. The New York City police said there were no indications of foul play.”
However, Pravda reported, “According to ABS-CBN, a post-mortem examination of Churkin's body showed the presence of poison in his kidneys. Allegedly, the diplomat had a late supper, at around midnight, hours before his death. Perpetrators could have added an unknown substance in his food.”
Churkin had been a vocal critic of hypocritical Western foreign policy, particularly concerning military actions in Syria.
An obituary in the Guardian stated Churkin “hated the moralising tone of his US, British and French counterparts on the UN security council who, he felt, were not only hypocritical but were playing to the global gallery and aiming to score rhetorical points instead of looking for compromises that could lead to the resolution of differences. This applied particularly to the war in Syria, about which western governments tabled resolutions that could lead, in the Russian view, to full-scale military intervention against the Syrian government and which they knew Churkin was bound to veto. Russia preferred to produce resolutions that criticised the Syrian army for using ‘disproportionate' force and sought agreement on ceasefires. Churkin consulted the security council's five permanent members on these resolutions, but chose not to provoke vetoes when he realised there was no consensus.”
What, if anything, this growing Russian diplomat body count actually means might never be fully known, but many suspect the deaths evince a methodical, covert war between the Deep State and Russia — particularly as hostilities continue mostly unabated — as a shift in power away from the ailing imperialist U.S. empire gathers speed.
By Claire Bernish
They chanted on Long Island, loud and proud, as the New York Islanders closed out the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday night:
“WE. WANT. PLAY-OFFS.”
Scroll to continue with content Ad
With eight games left in this truncated season, the Islanders control their own destiny for the postseason. They're in the seventh seed with 44 points in 40 games; the New York Rangers are two points back at 39 games, while the Winnipeg Jets (41 games, 42 points) and New Jersey Devils (39 games, 40 points) are in striking distance.
The 4-1 win over the Flyers was what we've come to expect from this Islanders team: Resilient, gritty and a dash of John Tavares heroism.
And, of course, Evgeni Nabokov winning a game.
He's done that 19 times this season for the Islanders, against 11 losses and four overtime losses.
His stats are pedestrian – 2.59 GAA, .908 save percentage and three shutouts. But the backbone he's provided this Islanders team is anything but ordinary.
The Islanders have made an unlikely journey into playoff seeding, but it pales in comparison to the unlikely journey of Nabokov to the Islanders.
Please recall in Jan. 2011 when the Islanders claimed Nabokov on waivers, after the Detroit Red Wings had signed him to a one-year deal following Nabokov's departure from the KHL. He refused to report to the Islanders, but joined the Islanders for 2011-12 training camp after the team tolled his contract, saying:
Story continues
"A lot of people speculated that I didn't want to go to the organization but that's totally not true," Nabokov told the newspaper. "What made me make that decision is that I hadn't skated for a month and a half when they claimed me. They were out of the playoffs, but battling to get in and, as a goalie, I know the goalie position is important when fighting for position (in the standings). I didn't feel that I could help them to get to the playoffs. I needed three to four weeks to get ready and the season would've been over."
It was a bumpy transition, according to NYI Point Blank:
Nabokov came to camp this season doing and saying all the right things after a public spat that saw him not report and the Islanders playing right back, tolling the contract they claimed off waivers. Then there was that time he was traded by the media to Columbus for Fedor Tyutin (how long a stretch Kevin Poulin or Anders Nilsson would have had to play during the second half is an eye-opening alternate reality). Oh and he was also showcased in Boston in November but that didn't go very well. But Nabokov kept his cool and paid his penance for non-reporting by serving his year in purgatory, which just happened to be located west of Eisenhower Park.
He started 42 games that season, and surprised some by inking another one-year deal with the Islanders for $2.75 million. At that time, he reiterated his stance on the Islanders, via Newsday:
“I like what I see over here. I like the direction this team is going. Now a lot of people said last season the reason I didn't come here is because it's a bad organization. That's not true. I didn't come because I didn't think I was ready. I came to training camp ready to go, and I think it's been good."
It was an odd courtship, but Nabokov and the Islanders have proven to be a successful marriage.
If this were “Family Feud” and the question was “name the New York Islanders' MVP this season,” you would say “John Tavares,” the little rectangle would flip and you'd decide whether your team wanted to pass or play after securing the No. 1 answer.
Tavares could win the Hart. He's been that influential, that valuable to this Islanders team, which has gone 12-5-1 in games in which he's scored a goal. He oozes confidence, steadies the ship and has been a primary reason why the Isles has even a sniff of the postseason.
But all of that applies to Nabokov as well, and in some ways he's had the more remarkable season.
For example: Who is the Islanders' current backup goalie?
Rick DiPietro? Nah, he's in the AHL.
Al Montoya? Yeah, no longer an Islander.
Wait, who did you say? You realize that guy's the general manager now, right?
No, Nabokov's backup is Kevin Poulin, he of the 20 games of NHL experience and the 3.32 GAA this season. Nabokov is flying without a net, knowing that the only alternative, should he falter, is that there is no alternative. If the Islanders were going to be a playoff team, he'd have to get them there. And he has, thus far.
To the surprise of no one, Nabokov has started the vast majority of games: His 34 starts place him fifth in the NHL.
To the surprise of everyone except Marty Brodeur, he's done this at 37 years old.
From Newsday, Nabokov and the Islanders addressed his workload:
If Nabokov wants or needs more rest, he isn't saying. "Nothing different from previous years. You just stay disciplined with yourself," he said. He's allowed a total of four goals in his last three starts. "He's played well," Jack Capuano said. "He's carried the load for us here for the most part. He's an experienced guy who's played a lot of hockey. He's been in this situation before." Mark Streit added: "His play on the ice speaks for itself. He makes the key saves. He talks a lot on the ice and in the locker room as well. You can't replace guys like that. He's been in the league forever, was in the playoffs, did it all."
That he has: 639 regular-season games played, all but 76 of them with the San Jose Sharks; 80 Stanley Cup Playoff games played, with a 2.29 GAA and a .913 save percentage. On an Islanders team that seriously lacks postseason experience, Nabokov is their Gandalf.
He's also a winner. Not of the big prizes, mind you, having never back-stopped the Sharks to a conference title or a Stanley Cup – and eventually taking the fall for that lack of team success – but of games. His 331 wins place him third on the active leaderboard. Yes, “wins” are a nebulous stat that in no way inform us about the true effectiveness of an NHL netminder. But there are just guys who know how to make a big save to get them, and those who don't.
In the regular season, at least, Nabokov comes up big. Always has.
They chanted “WE WANT PLAYOFFS” at Nassau Coliseum on Tuesday night, and one couldn't help but feel that we're at the precipice of historic moment for the Islanders.
The young players have ripened. The team is on the verge of contention. The move to Brooklyn is approaching fast, and maybe even faster that anticipated. Generations of Islanders fans that have waited to witness an iota of the success their elders saw in the early 1980s were finally embracing their beginning of their moment.
And yet as the chants rang out to celebrate a new era for the Islanders, a relic stood in his goal crease. Evgeni Nabokov might not be there when the Islanders finish this journey, but he's been as important as any player in confidently helping them take the first steps.
Excellent value for the price I paid
I bought this laptop for $499 in December. The backlit keyboard (with two levels of illumination), matte IPS screen viewable from any angle, expandable memory and M.2 NGFF slot for an SSD card made this Lenovo the right choice for me. Excellent price for the specs. Runs silent and cool. Surfaces are a super-smooth matte finish which looks and feels beautiful but are a fingerprint magnet, so be forewarned. Battery life could be better so I use it plugged in most of the time. Two cons for me are 1) the trackpad which lacks discrete click buttons - it's all one smooth surface so I'm often clicking in the wrong place, and 2) there is a rather sharp tiny lip that runs along the front edge of the laptop when open that I find very annoying when my palm rests or brushes against it. I wish it was a more rounded, smoother edge. But other that that minor design flaw, a great laptop with all the features I've been looking for.Read full review
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's decision on the Kinder Morgan oil pipeline project is due in the next month, and the Alberta government has been busy this fall trying to create the conditions for his approval by ramping up implementation of its own climate action plan. Having set the table, Alberta is asking Mr. Trudeau to accept the invitation to be both a climate champion and a pipeline builder.
Alberta Environment Minister Shannon Phillips has just returned from the United Nation's annual climate-change conference, COP22 in Morocco, where she defended her province's twin agenda for tackling global warming while also looking for new markets for its fossil fuels.
"We are the example where everyone said it cannot be done and yet it is being done," Ms. Phillips said in an interview on Friday. "There are only so many ways for all of our large industrial economies to move forward. … And that is to take advantage of our opportunity with respect to our oil and gas resources, and make sure they are extracted in the most responsible way possible."
Story continues below advertisement
The Alberta government will mark the one-year anniversary of its climate action plan on Nov. 22. The plan imposes an economy-wide carbon tax starting in 2017 and a cap on emissions from the oil sands, while offering incentives to ensure 30 per cent of Alberta's electricity is generated from renewables such as wind and solar by 2030.
In the past six weeks, Alberta has rolled out a dozen initiatives and actions to implement the plan. Up next, they'll begin auctions for renewable energy contracts to phase out coal-fired power plants, which promises to make Alberta the single largest market for new renewable energy projects in Canada.
Ms. Phillips said the Alberta plan makes space for new pipeline capacity: "For the conversation around climate impacts of what is in those pipelines, Alberta has come to the table with the most robust and substantive answers of any energy-producing jurisdiction anywhere."
For the past eight years, the B.C. government has claimed bragging rights as the country's climate leader after introducing North America's first carbon tax, along with hard caps on industrial emissions, and a legislated goal of reducing emissions by 33 per cent below 2007 levels by the end of 2020. But under B.C. Premier Christy Clark, the government has conceded it will miss that 2020 target and has had to renew its plan to get it back on track for future years.
A key turning point in B.C.'s climate action plan came when Ms. Clark set her sights on developing a liquefied natural gas industry. In September, the B.C. government celebrated the federal Liberal cabinet's approval of an $11.4-billion terminal to export LNG – a project that will produce up to 4.3 million tonnes of equivalent carbon dioxide per year. According to the Pembina Institute, that would make up between 13 per cent and 15 per cent of British Columbia's total emissions in 2014.
British Columbia, having received its hoped-for LNG approval, is in no position to criticize Alberta for wanting to move its own fossil fuels to Asian markets via the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain expansion project, which would result in upstream GHG emissions ranging from 14 to 17 megatonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per year. (The federal agency that produced that estimate did not look at downstream emissions.)
The B.C. government is inching toward supporting Trans Mountain. But with significant public opposition to the pipeline – especially on B.C.'s coast – the story to watch now is how the Prime Minister handles the file. At least two members of his B.C. caucus are on the public record as opposing Trans Mountain.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Trudeau's government – the one that has described climate change as the greatest challenge of our time – still has some work to do before the Dec. 19 deadline for a cabinet decision on Kinder Morgan's pipeline application.
In early December, the Prime Minister will gather provincial and territorial leaders to finalize his national plan for cutting emissions 30 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030. And he might find time, in the next few weeks, to enact a campaign promise to impose an oil tanker ban along B.C.'s north coast, which would effectively kill the Northern Gateway oil pipeline proposal.
Even with Alberta's efforts to rebrand the carbon economy, approval of the Kinder Morgan pipeline will cost the federal Liberals support in B.C.: Indigenous leaders, environmentalists and mayors alike will be lined up against it.
Mr. Trudeau would have to invest his own political capital to pull this off. He cannot hand off the announcement to his ministers, nor can he avoid the B.C. coastline as his backdrop, if his answer to Kinder Morgan is yes.
Have you logged into a guest session on the Chrome OS Dev Channel recently? If you haven't, you won't have noticed that a brand new guest wallpaper was recently added.
The new guest background follows the same textured paper design as that of the new default Material Design wallpaper for regular accounts running in Google's OS (a design that last week made the jump to Beta channel users).
In tailoring a design for guest mode Google has bypassed its earlier proposal of offering a desaturated version of the main design to instead ship with a custom image.
Sandy, I Miss You
For almost as long as I can remember the Chrome OS Guest Session has used the same photograph – that of a sandy shore. As the one wallpaper that cannot be changed — not even by the administrator — it's a drape that has an important role.
The new wallpaper design introduced to the Developer Channel in Chrome 41 is darker, more abstract and in keeping with Carl Kleiner's colorful Material Design photograph used as default.
It's not yet clear whether the guest session image has been made by the same artist, though. His online portfolio boasts two equally impressive and colorful designs in his Google “Paperscape” commission, but not this darker variant.
With Guest Sessions acting as a sort of Incognito Mode for the entire OS, the choice of wallpaper is important. It needs to denote that this is a “different mode” without screaming it, and also appeal to the widest possible tastes.
Whoever is responsible for this latest design deserves some praise. While it is, perhaps, a touch tonally oppressive at first glance the intricacies and texture of the layers soon glean through, giving way to a softer, if intentionally impersonal, quality.
Download
As with all developer channel changes, this new wallpaper is subject to change, vanish or be amended at any time. If it sticks, Beta and Stable channel users among you can expect to find it filtering down to the desktop in the new year.
Can't wait that long? Not using Chrome OS? You can download the wallpaper in 2560 × 1700 resolution from the link below.
Download New Google Chrome OS Guest Wallpaper
Wendy Davis, the Texas Democrat who gained overnight celebrity in June when she – shod in pink sneakers – filibustered an abortion bill in the Texas Legislature for 13 hours, reportedly will run for governor of the heavily Republican state in 2014.
According to the Associated Press, two Democrats with knowledge of her decision but who requested anonymity said the Fort Worth-area state senator had made her decision. On Twitter Ms. Davis said she would make a big announcement on Oct. 3.
Though the abortion bill eventually passed in a special legislative session ordered by Republican Gov. Rick Perry, the filibuster put Davis in the national spotlight and raised the hopes of Texas Democrats, who haven't occupied the governor's mansion since incumbent Ann Richards lost to George W. Bush in 1994.
Governor Perry, the longest serving Texas governor, announced in July that he wouldn't seek reelection. The former – and possibly future – Republican presidential candidate succeeded Mr. Bush in 2000.
While Ms. Davis would be the most high-profile gubernatorial candidate the Texas Democrats have fielded in a long time, she has a long, hard road ahead: Texas Republicans have won every statewide office from the mid-90s to the present, and they have near 2-to-1 majorities in both the Texas House and Senate.
The uphill climb for Texas Democrats has made drumming up financial support, or even enough manpower to run a competitive campaign, very difficult, says Cal Jillison, a political scientist at Southern Methodist University in Dallas.
In 2010, Perry easily defeated Democrat Bill White, with 55.1 percent of the vote to Mr. White's 42.4 percent.
Davis will likely face off against GOP favorite and conservative stalwart Attorney General Gregg Abbott, who has already raised more than $20 million for his campaign.
While Davis has been moving around the country since her filibuster in a fundraising effort, her best efforts might not add up. Democrats outside the state are unlikely to invest in Texas elections, Professor Jillison says.
Though Jillison estimates that Davis will raise $20 million – this could become pocket change in comparison to what Republicans will likely offer Abbot's campaign. If it becomes apparent that Davis is a real threat to the GOP nominee, a host of Republican donors will be on stand-by to write more checks to bolster Abbott's campaign, he says.
And in a state where there are no limits to campaign contributions, the race for the governor's seat could very well hinge on who has enough funding to get their message out.
While Davis's pro-choice campaign won her celebrity nationally, among more conservative voters in Texas, it won her notoriety.
"The Republicans will certainly try and tie that abortion filibuster around her neck," says Jillison, adding that it is essential that Davis becomes seen as an advocate for other issues that will be more palatable to the Texas electorate.
Despite the challenges Davis faces, an aggressive campaign against Abbott could have huge national implications, Jillison argues.
While demographic shifts are expected to push the state from the red to blue columns politically in the next 20 years, he says, the Democratic Party could be persuaded to invest in Texas elections sooner if Davis runs a truly competitive campaign.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Second in population only to California, Texas has 38 electoral votes.
“If Texas ever became competitive, let alone turned blue, Republicans would have no path to the White House,” he says.
I own several Apple TV's-3rd generation. Yes, it makes for a great addition to your TV watching experience with ever growing entertainment choices, as other reviews may well tell you, so I won't go into that here. But, it also has other uses. I will specifically address audio in this review. For one, it is a great way to receive internet music or talk stations, having far more built-in and dynamic (i.e., the list updates itself via internet to be always current) preset station choices and genres than any other device I am aware of, including any Windows or Linux software application....essentially all of the station variety found on the iTunes application that runs on the Mac or PC computers. You can select these by scrolling through a list right on your TV screen with the remote. But, my main use, and the reason I have several of these Apple TV's throughout the house, is that it supports Apple Airplay. Apple Airplay permits video or audio streaming through iTunes from any PC, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or Mac running iTunes or any audio application (such as "Tune-in" or "Pandora") that supports Airplay. Airplay also allows remote viewing of Mac audio and screen displays (meaning you can transmit the computer monitor display onto, say, a large screen TV). The Apple TV device is capable of receiving from any device supporting Airplay, including iPhone, iPad, Mac, PC or iPod Touch, Each Apple TV can act as an Airplay receiver for whatever source is fed into it. A simple drop down menu from the Airplay icon allows you select the receiver (or receivers) connected to the device that will be sent the signal. Multiple sources and receiving stations can be addressed directly and independently (e,g,, an iPhone can connect with a bedroom Apple TV via Airplay at the same time an Apple TV in the Living Room and in another bedroom is receiving a signal from a computer in the basement). The Apple TV remains fully functional for all other Apple TV applications when not acting as a receiver from another source. Although I have used Airplay to view the computer screen on my TV, my main use is to stream music from my iTunes library or Internet Radio stations from my computer where most of my stored music is saved (including saved rips from my CD's or other sources in iTunes ) to stereos in other rooms of the house, wirelessly, just by selecting any (or all) remote Apple TV's from a drop down list in Airplay. You assign names to identify each receiving Apple TV shown on the list. This allows one centralized device to spread music to selected locations all over the house where desired. The device will output a digital audio signal from either it's HDMI (which also supports the video signal) to the TV or Home Theater Receiver HDMI input,or, Optical audio output, which you can plug into a receiver optical input, or to an inexpensive DAC to convert to an Analog signal (stereo L-R connectors to plug into a stereo Aux input, or similar). The only time these "Airplay Receivers" need to be connected to a TV is for initial setup, they do not require being connected to a TV to receive audio input in the future. The sound quality is superb.....it does not sound any different from a direct connection from the device to the amp, at least to my ears. If you "rip" (copy) your CD's using Apple Lossless codec into iTunes, you have a direct bit-for-bit copy of the original, well within the Airplay bandwidth, so the entire signal is transmitted and received. This illustrates only one of the capabilities of the Apple TV, the one I use it for most. It is important to say that the 3rd generation Apple TV differs from the 4th generation Apple TV for audio use in that the 4th generation does not have an optical audio output, only HDMI. This does detract from the versatility somewhat in that the 4th generation cannot be fed into a stereo system through an inexpensive DAC directly, it will require a HDMI input, limiting it's used to a home theater receiver or TV to be functional. It should also be noted that using an Apple TV as a solution is far less expensive than the cost of many other wireless remote audio systems that are currently being marketed, at least in my case it is. Using an Apple TV is less expensive than using an Apple Airport Express for the same audio distribution function (although they can be put into the mix too if desired---the Airport Express has an optical audio output), and is less versatile. I can just add more Apple TV receivers as needed and they will be automatically recognized in Airplay and ready to accept the music (or other content) sent to them, and they all retain their video capabilities should I ever choose to use them this way. It works well for me!
Read more
Investigators are trying to determine what caused a small fire at a controversial Auckland mosque early this morning.
The fire was in a storage area attached to the side of the main building at the west Auckland Islamic Centre in Avondale but the Fire Service told ONE News the damage could have been much worse.
Initially two fire trucks attended the scene at around 3am and as a precaution an additional two fire trucks also attended.
Senior Sergeant Greg Sowter said the building has been cordoned off while they hunt for clues as to what caused the fire.
"The fire is being treated as suspicious," he told ONE News. "It's not very bad...but it was just starting."
Detective Senior Sergeant Paul Newman from Glenn Innes CIB said damage was limited to the inside of this a shed.
"Thankfully, a member of the public noticed smoke and call for assistance...the mosque itself was not damaged," says Mr Newman.
Police and the Fire Service are combing the property in a bid to find out how the potentially destructive blaze started in the empty building.
"We've got our specialist fire investigators looking at it now and we'll be sending some material away for testing. We won't know the results of that for at least 48 hours," Assistant Area Commander Dave Woon said.
Hours before the blaze people had been at the centre cleaning the mosque and people who run the centre told ONE News the fire was most likely an accident caused by them.
But a long term leadership struggle and violence saw the mosque close its doors in May.
An administrator - the former president of the Muslim Association - was beaten up and taken to hospital. Before that others were banned for "inciting disharmony" and one of them, Sheikh abu Abdulla, began leading his own Friday prayers from his garage.
But the Muslim Association does not believe they dissenters would attempt to burn down the mosque.
"I don't think so because this is a place of worship, this is a church, this is a mosque, this is a place of worship for the community," Firoz Patel said.
"There is no benefit to doing an act like that."
During the Kickstarter campaign we announced that some special add-ons would be coming to the Sentinels video game: Digital Foil Collector's Packs. We're happy to announce that the hero pack is available now with the version 2.2 update to Sentinels!
America's Shiniest Legacy
When it's all said and done, there will be more than 100 Heroes and Hero Variants in Sentinels of the Multiverse. Greater Than Games has created alternate versions of all of them with brand new shiny foil artwork!
This collector's pack will allow you to use the new artwork with animated foil visual effects in your games. In multiplayer, everyone will get to see which card you chose to play with, even if they don't own the collector's pack.
As we add new content to the game, the pack will get the new cards added to it for no additional charge. On mobile, please make sure to re-download your expansion packs so that you have the latest content.
If you added a Steam key or Google Play promo code for the Digital Foil Hero Collector's Pack to your pledge, head over to your BackerKit page to find it (under Digital Downloads) and redeem it for use in-game. The redemption instructions are the same as for Season Pass 2, but we'll include them at the end of the post just in case.
If you're playing on iOS, on Android via the Amazon Appstore, or if you missed the add-on in the campaign, never fear! You can purchase the Collector's Pack from the Get Expansion Packs screen in-game for $4.99 USD (local prices may vary).
Gotta collect 'em all!
Steam Redemption Instructions
In Steam, Click the Games menu and then click Activate a Product on Steam.
Enter the Steam key (product code) you received from BackerKit.
When you launch Sentinels you should have the new foil cards available to use. If you don't see the new content, try quitting and restarting the game and Steam, or try logging out and back into Steam.
When new content is added in the future, Steam will automatically update the game for you.
Google Play Redemption Instructions
Update to the latest version of Sentinels from the Play Store app. It will be version 2.2. If you're not sure what version you have installed, open the Credits screen and check in the corner.
Launch version 2.2 of Sentinels and go to the Get Expansion Packs screen, then select Digital Foil Hero Collector's Pack. Tap Buy and Google Play's purchasing interface will appear. Tap the small green down arrow and select Redeem.
Enter the Google Play promo code you received from BackerKit and the foil pack should be activated.
When new content is added in the future, you will need to update the game & re-download all of your DLC to get the new content.
If you redeemed your promo code in the Play Store app instead, that's no problem. In that case, launch version 2.2 of Sentinels and go to the Get Expansion Packs screen. Tap Restore Purchases in the top right and the content will be activated.
Note: you will have until October 18, 2017 to redeem your Google Play promo code.
Demystifying Post-Racial America
The results of the grand jury proceeding in the shooting of Michael Brown are hardly a surprise. Indeed, the jurors' failure to return a bill of indictment was a foregone conclusion. The number of times that law enforcement personnel have been brought to book in this country for an act of violence committed against a person of color can probably be counted on one hand.
Prior justification of violence in the project of securing the fundaments of America's social order is inscribed in the institutions of the system itself. The case of Michael Brown is a perfect illustration of the ways that the systemic attribution of criminality to young men of color creates opportunities for the policing of bodies seemingly detached from traditional modes of racism (exemplified by figures such as Mark Fuhrman) by being distanced from the personal inclinations of the perpetrators.
The mainstream media did its level best to make it appear as if the outcome of the proceeding was anything but a certainty. The suspicion that the fix is in detracts from the entertainment value, and the American public likes nothing better than to see a race fairly and impartially run, especially when the outcome reaffirms the moral benevolence of the institutional order. But although the result was never in doubt, the exercise itself was a necessary component of the spectacular reproduction of institutions.
It was necessary that the system be seen to function “impartially” in order to blunt the rhetorical force of any potential critical counter-narrative. And, in truth, the system did function impartially, at least in a certain formal sense. It wasn't as if it was a matter of Boss Hogg calling down to the courthouse to personally dictate the verdict. Rather, the bureaucracy functioned as it was meant to do, each individual representative working (à la Max Weber) sine ira et studio to generate a formally valid result.
That this is the case is a perfect illustration of the insidious nature of the policing of race in the capitalist mass polity of the modern west. The election of Barack Obama as president of the United States was, in the liberal and progressive worldview, meant to be the harbinger of a new, post-racial America.
Conservatives, at least, understood that this was a fiction and that the politics of racial competition and racial policing remained very much in play. Barack Obama's election meant one thing, and one thing only: that a candidate would not be eliminated from consideration for the job of chairman of the board of the American neoliberal enterprise simply on the grounds of race.
To the bitter disappointment of many (particularly leftish) segments of the democratic electorate, Obama quickly dispensed with the rhetoric of hope and began plowing a political furrow just to the right of Ronald Reagan. His status as the first African American president notwithstanding, the Obama Administration has been just as bad, and in many respects worse than that of his predecessor. On the one hand, Obama has managed to prevent the lunatic fringe of the opposing party from sparking a catastrophic deflation via its obsession with deficits and securing of the perquisites of creditors. On the other hand, his commitment to drone warfare has left a trail of broken bodies across the Middle East, of which the Islamic State and the Pakistani Taliban (among others) have taken full advantage.
Perhaps the clearest illustration of the vanity of the talk of post-racial America was the case of Henry Louis Gates. The rousting of an African American Harvard professor out his own home by white police in Cambridge (a situation clearly unthinkable in a case where the homeowner was white) was a jarring reminder of the ways that race is inscribed in the carceral and surveillance institutions of the United States. Even a black man who has notionally demonstrated his bona fides (by participation in bourgeois scholarly institutions, the acquisition of property, etc.) is still liable to be perp walked out of his own home irrespective of any gestures of earnest toward the settled order of society on his part.
And, of course, this is not an isolated case, as the public frisking of Forrest Whitaker in a New York deli, and a thousand other such incidents, clearly show. Obama's attempt to defuse the situation by inviting Gates and the arresting officer to discuss the matter over beers in the White House rose garden merely highlighted the degree to which the supposedly post-racial Obama Administration was complicit in the maintenance of the fiction that the discriminatory policing of blacks was an unintended consequence of functioning, egalitarian political institutions.
While the representatives of the ruling order strive to create narratives of formal equality, events on the ground trace the actual contours of the racial landscape. The case of Trayvon Martin showed that it was legitimate for a white person to instigate a conflict with a person of color and then kill them when they responded. The fact that Marissa Alexander, a black woman who fired a warning shot frighten at her abusive husband, was compelled to take a plea deal in order to avoid a 20 year jail sentence in a case in which no one was injured, is instructive. White people are justified in standing their ground; black people less so.
The underlying point is that black people are inherently threatening, even to other blacks, but especially to white people. It took the judicial system two bites at the apple to convict Michael Dunn of murder for firing a gun into an SUV full of black teenagers, whose loud music apparently frightened (but more likely simply annoyed) him. At his first trial, he was convicted of the attempted murder of two of the young men in the SUV, but not of murdering Jordan Davis (who was actually killed) because jurors managed to convince themselves that Dunn feared that Davis was armed. For the white man discomfited by the ‘criminal' element of young black men playing loud music, even the suspicion of danger is, at least for many, grounds for the application of lethal violence.
Rudi Giuliani's claim on a recent edition of Meet the Press that the underlying problem was black people killing each other was particularly illuminating. It wasn't that he was not racist, but simply that he was not particularly racist. The inscription of race and the economic and carceral institutions of the state allow him to maintain the fiction (however threadbare) that he is simply responding to an “objective” condition (93% of black homicide victims are killed by other blacks according to him). The problem is not only that of the racist tropes firmly embedded in Giuliani's comments, but also that the systemic construction of young black men as intrinsically violent, animalistic, in need of discipline and control functions in and of itself to produce this repressive knowledge.
The problem of race in western states resides in the institutions of society itself, rather than solely or primarily in terms of personal inclination. Clearly there are plenty of overt and unapologetic racists in the United States and Europe today. It is also probably fair to say that they are statistically overrepresented among the forces of order. But the fact that they so readily find a home in such institutions is an expression of the continuing inscription of racial narratives in the structures of the institutions themselves, and in those of society more generally.
The effects of these narratives then synergize with other social imperatives to produce the patterns of racial violence and policing that we see in American and European societies today. Once again, it is not merely a matter of personal inclination. The shooting dead of Akai Gurley in the stairwell of a Brooklyn housing project by a non-white probationary police officer makes this clear.
It's not simply a matter of, to quote N.W.A., “black police showing up for the white cop” (the officer in question was of Asian decent but the point here is his non-whiteness,) but rather that the narratives of race are so thoroughly imbricated in the institutional structures of domination that the substitution of non-white for whites among police personnel (as demanded by many of the protestors in Ferguson) doesn't really address the root of the problem.
Since the killing of Michael Brown, the relentless progression of black men killed by authority figures has continued unabated. At the same time, there is a peculiar dynamic of “consciousness raising” among people on the left who might have been expected to know better. The violent policing of black bodies has been a fundamental element of the political-economic order of the west for 350 years. It did not begin with Michael Brown. Consciousness is preferable to false consciousness, so long, at least, as it endures. But this increased sensitivity to one important issue seemed at points to raise the prospect of critique as a zero sum game.
This was particularly in evidence in the debates surrounding the (extremely problematic) “catcalling” video, in which some who sought quite rightly to disentangle the issue from the dynamics of policing black bodies seemed to give the impression that the latter was trumps. In fact, the construction of women as objects of male edification, and the construction of black males uncivilized animals are two elements of the larger process of policing of bodies for the maintenance of social order; they are heavily imbricated in (but not reducible to) neoliberal capitalism.
The transformation from neoliberal capitalism to some post-capitalist mode of production will not in and of itself resolve or eliminate the role of either the patriarchy, or of racial prejudice and domination, in human society. But neither can these topics be adequately addressed without pursuing their roots in a socio-political order that is fundamentally ties up with capitalism.
The immediate upshot of all of this is that Darren Wilson will never have to answer in open court for his actions, never have to fill in the gaps in a story that is, on its face, implausible. Conducting the trial in the context of a grand jury functioned to insulate the prosecutor, for whom his continuing good relations with the police are practically much more important the life of a young black man, from the prospect of having to impugn Darren Wilson's story in open court.
Clearly, the event was staged to create a sort of legitimacy of process. That's all it was. If you hang around prosecutors, you will occasionally hear them (more or less jokingly) say that it is possible to get a grand jury to indict a ham sandwich. And why not? The prosecutor is under no obligation whatsoever to provide anything by way of exculpatory evidence.
The fact that this one decided to stage the trial at the grand jury phase tells us much of what we need to know about his this case played out. In the larger sense, it is simply one more moment in the long history of racial domination written into the political order of this society at the level of its pores. If things are going to change, this is the level at which it must happen.
Photographs courtesy of Elvert Barnes, Steve Rhodes, and Billie Ward. Published under a Creative Commons license.
We have recently discussed changing default download location and placing a download icon in Chrome . You can quickly change download location in Google Chrome, but you can not sort downloads like other download manager do by file types. Google Chrome lack this feature, but there is way out there to sort downloads according to the data type with the help of a Chrome extension.
Download sort is a cool extension that let you sort your downloads by file types. You can download the extension from below link and try it yourself. Downloads Router is a small expansion that helps you abstain from cleaning the feared "Downloads" organiser via naturally spring records in the right places. Downloads Router springs energetically at whatever point you begin downloading a file. It takes a gander at the filename, filetype, or starting point space (source site) of the thing, and matches this data against standards that you characterise on the expansion's Options page. Should a coordinating principle exist, a "recommendation" is sent to the program, demonstrating where it ought to spare the record; this proposal may, however, be superseded, on occurrence when you utilise the "Save As..." highlight.
If you want to try The Flock, and there are many reasons why you might want to, I suggest getting in quick.
The Flock is an asynchronous multiplayer horror game, which by itself is a hell of an interesting pitch, but the thing that has really got people interested is the fact that it's only good for a certain number of player deaths, after which it will be withdrawn from sale, and existing players can tune in for a climactic final phase. When that concludes, The Flock will be unplayable.
As long as you know this before you pony up your ticket price this is a pretty compelling idea. Good news: you can start whittling away at the game's limited population next week. Polygon reports The Flock will release via Steam on August 16 for $17.
The Steam product page isn't up yet, but the Humble Store has gone live. Pre-orders will include a second Steam key apparently, which is important as The Flock is all about multiplayer.
The game's starting population will be 215,358,979 – but while that sounds like a lot now, if you consider the millions of hours totted up during closed beta testing, and that dying is kind of the point of a round of The Flock, we can expect that figure to slim down pretty quickly. For more information on this unique feature, check out a handy FAQ which covers things like suicide trolling and includes some great discussion of why Vogelsap want to do this:
“Most indie multiplayer games lose their player base within a year. Even heavy hitters such as Titanfall and Evolve have a fast dwindling player base,” the team wrote.
“The most popular games such as League of Legends and Counter-Strike still have a somewhat anticlimactic ending of their players' experience. Because in the end at some point – and this can be after five years or two months – you'll stop playing because you either got bored of it, you've seen it all or you, or your friends have no longer time to play.
“We want to tackle that problem, and make sure The Flock ends with a climax after which the game will be fondly remembered. Much like a lot of single player experiences where you have a huge battle or a boss fight.”
Top Obama Aide Ben Rhodes Hauled in For Questioning by House Intel Committee
The House Intelligence Committee met with former Obama Deputy National Security Advisor, Ben Rhodes Tuesday according to a report.
All of the Obama holdovers NEED TO GO!
The Washington Examiner reports:
The House Intelligence Committee met with former Obama deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes, according to a report Tuesday. It was already known that Jared Kushner, top adviser and son-in-law to President Trump, on Tuesday spoke with members of the panel, which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible ties to the Trump campaign. CNN's Manu Raju tweeted Tuesday evening that the network's chief political analyst Gloria Borger had learned that Rhodes also spoke to the committee. The Intelligence Committee is investigating intelligence leaks, and Rhodes has become a person of interest for certain Republicans as someone who may be playing a role in the leaking of classified information from the Trump administration to reporters.
TGP previously reported, Rep. Ron DeSantis, a member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, called on the DoJ to “launch a formal investigation” into former FBI Direct Comey's leaks, according to the Washington Free Beacon.
DeSantis named Ben Rhodes—the former National Security Council official responsible for creating an in-house “echo chamber” meant to mislead reporters and the public about the landmark nuclear deal with Iran—as a primary source of these leaks and urged the House Intelligence Committee to call Rhodes and other former Obama officials to testify publicly about any role they may be playing in spreading classified information to reporters.
DeSantis named former National Security Council official Ben Rhodes as being responsible for “creating an in-house ‘echo-chamber' meant to mislead reporters and the public”.
DeSantis commented:
“Any Obama holdover at any of these agencies, you've got to get them out of there because clearly they're not on the same team and particularly on the [White House] National Security Council”.
DeSantis goes on to say:
“I think Congress and some members of the Intelligence Committee can call Ben Rhodes to testify . . . He may be able to invoke executive privilege from when Obama was president but he definitely can't do that in any interactions he's had since then.”
1 of 83 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Scenes from Trump's second six months in office View Photos A look at the second half of the president's first year in the White House. Caption A look at the second half of the president's first year in the White House. Jan. 24, 2018 President Trump speaks to a group of mayors in the East Room of the White House. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The razor-thin nature of Donald Trump's victory in 2016 — a 78,000-vote margin in three states — has had the side effect of making Trump-voter-watching a parlor game of choice among political pundits. Will his core supporters stick with him through four years in the White House and into 2020? Or, more importantly, will they stick with him enough that Republicans on Capitol Hill continue to fear what his base might do to them in next year's primaries? Will members of his own party continue to stand by him, no matter what unexpected revelation or embarrassing tweet emerges from the West Wing?
So far the answer has generally been yes. Trump's historically unpopular, but has continued to be well-received with those base voters. Staunch conservatives like Trump, and they vote more in the primaries, and that has kept Trump's party in line.
But while that's true, there's been another question that we've been paying attention to. Trump's base may support him pretty consistently — but do they support him as strongly? Maybe you like to have an oatmeal cookie as a treat, but you really like a chocolate malted. Trump had a lot of malted-level supporters coming out of the gates. A new poll from Quinnipiac University, though, suggests that a lot of his supporters now fall into the “oatmeal cookie” camp — if not fully flipping to “raw broccoli.”
Quinnipiac finds that 33 percent of Americans approve of Trump's job performance, compared to 61 percent who disapprove. More than twice as many people say they strongly disapprove of Trump (eating raw eggs as a snack) as say they strongly approve.
Those are low numbers — lower than the RealClearPolitics average of approval polling. We'd expect that; Quinnipiac's numbers have been worse for Trump than other polls pretty consistently. Looking at the long-term trend just within Quinnipiac's polls, though, we can see a shift: More strong disapproval over time and less strong approval.
Where that shift is particularly important is, again, among the Republicans that make up Trump's base. Before this poll, the lowest level of strong support Trump saw from members of his own party was 62 percent in late March. In the new poll, it's dropped to 53 percent.
From a failed Obamacare repeal effort to a boy scout rally and a new chief of staff, the Trump administration had quite the week. (Jesse Mesner-Hage,Dalton Bennett,Meg Kelly/The Washington Post)
At the same time, the percentage of Republicans who somewhat approve of him has increased, a sign that support for Trump isn't completely evaporating, but just softening. For some Republicans, anyway. The percentage of members of his own party who say they strongly disapprove of him has climbed from 3 percent in January to 10 percent now. Among independents, that figure has also climbed substantially.
Over the course of the campaign, the demographic group that held strongest for Trump was white Americans without college degrees. For the first time in this new poll, that group views Trump more negatively than positively, with fully half of non-college educated whites viewing his job performance with disapproval.
Why? Views of how he's handling issues have dipped slightly, though not uniformly. It's clear that one reason Trump's viewed more negatively by members of his party is because of how he behaves in office.
Since January, the percentage of Republicans saying that Trump is levelheaded has fallen by 14 points. The percentage saying that he shares their values has fallen 10. And, most notably, the percentage of Republicans — members of his own party! — who say he's a good leader has fallen 22 points.
What's particularly remarkable about those numbers is that these are negative shifts that can be laid directly at Trump's feet. It's no one else's fault that he's increasingly viewed as dishonest or a bad leader among members of his party. It's his own.
And that makes it less useful for members of Congress to stand with him. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) took a lot of heat this week for opposing Trump's behavior while voting for policies Trump supports. If Trump-the-president is increasingly tainted in the eyes of his party, then Flake is squarely in line with much of the rest of the Republican Party.
Emily Guskin contributed to this report.
Mark Sweeney doesn't have a dog in Alabama's immigration fight.
As a senior partner at the Greenville, S.C.-based McCallum Sweeney Consulting, it's Sweeney's job to help companies identify locations for capital investment. His firm is one of the world's most sought-after site selection consultants, and its roster of blue chip clients reads like a corporate who's-who: Boeing, Caterpillar, Mercedes-Benz, Michelin, Navistar and Shell, among others.
McCallum Sweeney is the firm that Nissan Motor Co. called when it went looking for a place to build its first U.S. assembly plant, a $1.4 billion project that landed in Canton, Miss., in 2000. Five years later, the company tapped Sweeney again when it sought to relocate its U.S. headquarters from Los Angeles. Sweeney helped steer the $100 million project to Nashville.
After 20 years in the economic development business, Sweeney's opinion counts. And his view of Alabama's new immigration law is that it will discourage foreign companies from investing in the state.
"There's nothing good about it," Sweeney said. "I can't see any positives in terms of economic development."
Sweeney said Alabama had every right to address the immigration issue, and that he wasn't familiar enough with the law to judge its merits. He also said the law had yet to be raised as an issue by any of his clients, but that "it is something we'll have to account for" in future projects.
The law is touted by its supporters as "the toughest in the nation" on illegal immigration. But since the law took effect in September, it's had a range of unintended consequences.
Among most painful of those consequences, according to Sweeney, is the harm to Alabama's image. He said that the state has made great strides over the past two decades to erase "Heart of Dixie" stereotypes and recruit global players like Honda, Mercedes-Benz, Airbus, ThyssenKrupp and Hyundai.
"Alabama has worked so hard to reinvent itself as a destination for global manufacturing. It's really been a remarkable transformation," he said. "Unfortunately, this law really is counter to that effort."
Sweeney, a former recruiter for the South Carolina Department of Commerce, said that the controversy is similar to the bitter fight over South Carolina's decision to display the Confederate flag on state property.
The South's history of racial intolerance, he said, gives states like Alabama and South Carolina scant margin for error. The recent arrest of a Mercedes executive in Tuscaloosa as a result of the immigration law, he said, was particularly damaging to the state's reputation.
"I guarantee you they read about that in Germany, and you can only imagine what their reaction will be," Sweeney said. "Nobody wants to be arrested. And no company wants to put its employees in that kind of situation."
Sweeney said that competing states are capitalizing on the law as they look to steal prospects from Alabama.
"Alabama competes in the major leagues of economic development. And that competition, particularly in this economy, is fierce," he said. "Of course other states are going to use it, either explicitly or in some subtle way. Frankly, Alabama has a reputation as a tough competitor and for doing whatever it takes to win a project. It's all fair game."
Sweeney said that companies decide where to locate based on a variety of factors, such as labor costs, land availability, transportation, utilities and tax rates.
But "soft" elements often enter the picture, he said. Those might be quality of life, business climate, schools or welcoming environment.
"It all matters," he said. "It could come into play at the end, when they're trying to make a final decision and it's a very close call. Or you could get eliminated at the outset, because a decision-maker says he doesn't even want to put you on the list."
The harsh reality for Alabama, he said, is that the law may cause companies to reject the state without ever giving it a first look.
"The scary thing is, you may be losing prospects that you never even know about," he said. "I am certain it will be an issue."
_____
Political Editor George Talbot's column runs Wednesdays. Reach him at 251-219-5623 or gtalbot@press-register.Â
PISCATAWAY -- Rutgers University officials have agreed to terms on two sponsorship deals totaling more than $5 million, sources familiar with the negotiations told NJ.com.
A spokesperson for IMG College, the marketing arm for Rutgers athletics, confirmed the deals but declined to provide financial terms, citing company policy.
But sources said the five-year deals with Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and AmeriHealth New Jersey will give the two companies naming rights at the main High Point Solutions Stadium gate, as well as other promotional benefits such as signage and exclusive access inside the Rutgers athletics facilities.
The individuals asked for anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the specifics of the deals. NJBiz.com was the first to report the agreements.
"As kickoff approaches, there is tremendous enthusiasm building for Rutgers athletics, and the IMG team has closed more than two dozen partnership agreements, including two of most significant in Rutgers history with Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and Amerihealth,'' said Andrew Giangola, a spokesperson at IMG College. "As Rutgers continues to invest in athletics, and competes in the Big Ten, the university will continue to be an even more important part of IMG's national collegiate platform.''
Rutgers Athletics Director Julie Hermann declined comment through a spokesperson, but in a statement she credited IMG College for securing the partnerships.
"When we entered into our partnership with IMG College, it was with the intent to maximize our potential through sponsorship agreements and media rights inventory consistent with our new Big Ten peers,'' Hermann said. "This is tremendous progress in less than a year and another example of why IMG College is the gold standard in the industry.''
Three months after paying a $7 million buyout to escape the final four years of its sponsorship deal with Nelligan Sports Marketing, Rutgers in July 2013 signed an 11-year, $65 million multirights pact with IMG College.
According to the school's most recent fiscal year document filed to the NCAA, Rutgers received slightly more than $2 million in sponsorship and advertising revenue last year. The IMG deal, which includes an option that Rutgers can exercise to extend it through the 2026-27 school year, guarantees the athletics program at least $4.7 million in sponsorship, licensing, advertising and trademark revenue this year.
John Willi, general manager for Rutgers IMG Sports Marketing, declined comment for this story. But Giangola said IMG "is having very good success'' securing partnerships for Rutgers, and pointed to contract renewals with companies such as PNC Bank, Allstate, Audi, STS Tire, Johnson & Johnson, Edison-based Tix City and BC Tire of Edison/Piscataway.
In addition, Giangola said programs such as RFit (a youth health and wellness initiative), RKids (which provides underprivileged youth an opportunity to attend games) and Legendary Moments (a campaign celebrating memorable moments in Rutgers football history) have enhanced Rutgers' outreach to the community.
AmeriHealth is a New Jersey- and Pennsylvania-based health insurance provider with more than 265,000 members, according to its website.
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital is a 965-bed institution that offers access to medical services and therapies at its New Brunswick-based hospital and other Central Jersey care centers.
"Robert Wood Johnson is going to be a fantastic medical partner for our student-athletes,'' Hermann said.
The 10-year, $6.5 million agreement that Rutgers signed with High Point Solutions for the name-rights to its football stadium in 2011 is the only deal that tops the annual financial terms brokered with AmeriHealth and RWJ Hospital, sources said.
"We're so fortunate to have an exceptional naming rights partner in High Point Solutions setting the standard for corporate support of our state school,'' Hermann said. "Having (the) High Point Solutions name on our stadium is an opportunity to associate with a global, best in class New Jersey company. Mike and Tom Mendiburu embody our `Global reach, New Jersey roots' to the core.''
Researchers at the Allen Institute for Brain Science and SRI International have published the most systematic study to date of the effects of sleep deprivation on gene expression in the brain. The findings have implications for improving the understanding and management of the adverse effects of sleep deprivation on brain function.
The study, available in Frontiers in Neuroscience, has created an extensive and detailed map of gene activity, known as gene expression, in the mouse brain across five behavioral conditions including sleeping, waking and sleep deprivation. Activity of approximately 220 genes responding to these conditions was examined in detail, down to the cellular level, throughout the brain. Additionally, seven brain areas were examined by DNA microarray analysis, which reports the expression levels of tens of thousands of genes and allows a genome-wide analysis of the consequences of sleep deprivation.
"Although most people experience occasional sleep deprivation and recognize its impact on their mood and behavior, there is little scientific understanding of how sleep loss actually affects brain function," said Thomas Kilduff, Ph.D., senior director of the Center for Neuroscience at SRI International. "This pioneering study documents how extending wakefulness affects gene expression in specific brain regions and describes a 'molecular anatomical signature' of sleep deprivation. Our findings may contribute to treatments that will help improve sleep quality and reduce problems arising from sleep deprivation."
By comparing which genes were turned on and where in the brain across the different conditions, the researchers discovered that the majority of the neurons in the forebrain were affected in diverse ways by sleep deprivation, painting a dynamic picture of the molecular consequences of sleep deprivation on higher cognitive functions. Affected forebrain regions include the neocortex, amygdala and hippocampus, which mediate cognitive, emotional and memory functions that are impaired by sleep deprivation.
Detailed analysis of 209 brain areas revealed a novel set of genes not previously associated with sleep deprivation, including genes associated with the stress response, cell-cell signaling, and the regulation of other genes. One gene, neurotensin, has been implicated in schizophrenia and is similarly induced by antipsychotic drugs. These genes may provide potential targets for therapeutic intervention to alleviate the effects of sleep deprivation.
"These data illustrate the complex and dynamic relationship between sleep and sleep deprivation, neuroanatomical pathways and gene expression," said Ed Lein, Ph.D., senior director of neuroscience at the Allen Institute for Brain Science and senior author of the study. "The breadth and level of detail provided by these data will be a unique resource for the scientific community, and to that end we have made the data set publicly available online in its entirety."
The resulting open data resource is one of a growing collection of public online resources provided by the Allen Institute, which was founded by philanthropist Paul G. Allen to advance brain research.
Sleep deprivation leads to a range of cognitive, attention and emotional deficits, including irritability and impaired memory, coordination, and concentration. These effects, which can compromise health, performance and safety, are common among those who work extended hours, including military and medical personnel, and others suffering from chronic sleep loss. Sleep deficits have also been linked to the development of some chronic diseases and disorders, including diabetes, depression, obesity and cardiovascular disease.
The control of sleeping and waking and the consequences of sleep deprivation are believed to be associated with gene activity changes in brain regions involved in sleep regulation and higher level functions. Understanding these changes in gene activity is a critical step toward advances in the treatment of sleep disorders and mitigation of the effects of sleep deprivation.
The data in this study are publicly available via the ALLEN Brain Atlas data portal (www.brain-map.org) as the "Sleep Study." This online dataset comprises a substantial collection of data detailing where specific genes are expressed, or "turned on," throughout the mouse brain for five conditions of sleeping and waking. Specifically, it includes searchable image-based gene expression data for approximately 220 sleep-related genes, genome-wide microarray data for seven sleep-associated brain areas, and a 3D viewing tool for visualizing changes in gene expression across different conditions.
This public resource is a unique resource for sleep researchers worldwide and holds promise for accelerating progress toward understanding and effective treatment of sleep disorders.
Big rise in number of breeding males in species which became extinct in 19th century
Britain's loudest bird, the bittern, has had its best year since records began with scientists tracking more than 100 breeding males belting out their distinctive booming call.
The bittern – a relative of the grey heron – was classed as extinct in the UK in the late 19th century and as recently as 1997 there were thought to be only 11 males left but following efforts to restore its reed-bed habitat, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) and Natural England now believes 104 booming males have been at large this year.
The other good news for bitterns and their fans is that the bird's range seems to be increasing. Most were found in its marshy East Anglian heartland (where the birds are still sometimes known as butterbumps) but healthier populations are now also doing well on the Somerset Levels in the south-west of England.
The natural environment minister Richard Benyon led the chorus of approval. "To see a species that was once extinct in the UK rise to a population of over one hundred is a real achievement," he said.
"This is largely down to the work of the RSPB and Natural England, and shows what can be achieved if we work together."
The bittern was common in west and central Europe until the 19th century. In the UK they were hunted for the dinner table and also suffered because their watery homes were drained for farmland.
They were judged extinct in the UK by 1885 but then made a comeback so that by the 1950s there were some 80 booming males. The loss of further reed-beds led to them declining once more.
It remains difficult to be precise about how many bitterns remain because they are so secretive, living most of their lives within dense reeds.
But the males' call, which is created by them filling their gullets with air and then releasing it, gives them away. It can be heard at a distance of several miles, enabling scientists to count them.
Surveyors pinpointed 33bitterns in Suffolk compared with four in 1997, 25 in Somerset (against one 14 years ago) and 23 in Norfolk (compared with three). Smaller numbers were also heard in other counties, including Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire.
Martin Harper, the RSPB's conservation director, said: "To lose the bittern once in Britain was regrettable, but to have lost it twice would have been unforgivable.
"Concern for the bittern in the 1990s led to an intensive species-recovery programme, with research and habitat improvement and creation playing major roles. Focused work on bitterns has led to great gains for reed-beds and all the wildlife associated with this priority habitat."
The bittern still faces threats, including sea level rise, where freshwater sites along the coast could be inundated by saltwater.
Pete Brotherton, Natural England's head of biodiversity said: "The bittern's recovery shows what can be done when government, conservationists and landowners work together.
"This is an encouraging sign that we can restore and improve our wetland habitats, which bring vital benefits to both people and wildlife."
The National Intelligence recently released a list of books that were (apparently) retrieved from Bin Laden's compound in Pakistan. He apparently enjoyed reading about the Illuminati, occultism, MKULTRA and even 9/11 conspiracy theories. Is mass media trying to associate the ‘truth movement' with terrorism with a phony book list?
Four years after the triumphant announcement of Osama Bin Laden's death by the US government, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence recently released a list of books allegedly found in his compound. This list of English-language books can almost be dubbe ‘conspiracy for beginners' with titles such as Fritz Springmeier's “Bloodlines of the Illuminati”, John Coleman's “The Committee of 300”, the 1977 MKULTRA hearings and Manly P. Hall's “Secret Teachings of All Ages”. Bin Laden apparently also enjoyed reading about US Foreign policy and 9/11 conspiracy theories. Here's the full list of of books as reported by BBC.
The full list of English language books The 2030 Spike by Colin Mason
A Brief Guide to Understanding Islam by IA Ibrahim
America's Strategic Blunders by Willard Matthias
America's “War on Terrorism” by Michel Chossudovsky
Al-Qaeda's Online Media Strategies: From Abu Reuter to Irhabi 007 by Hanna Rogan
The Best Democracy Money Can Buy by Greg Palast
The Best Enemy Money Can Buy by Anthony Sutton
Black Box Voting, Ballot Tampering in the 21st Century by Bev Harris
Bloodlines of the Illuminati by Fritz Springmeier
Bounding the Global War on Terror by Jeffrey Record
Checking Iran's Nuclear Ambitions by Henry Sokolski and Patrick Clawson
Christianity and Islam in Spain 756-1031 A.D. by CR Haines
Civil Democratic Islam: Partners, Resources, and Strategies by Cheryl Benard
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man by John Perkins
Conspirators' Hierarchy: The Committee of 300 by John Coleman
Crossing the Rubicon by Michael Ruppert
Fortifying Pakistan: The Role of U.S. Internal Security Assistance (only the book's introduction) by C Christine Fair and Peter Chalk
Guerrilla Air Defense: Antiaircraft Weapons and Techniques for Guerrilla Forces by James Crabtree
Handbook of International Law by Anthony Aust
Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance by Noam Chomsky
Imperial Hubris by Michael Scheuer
In Pursuit of Allah's Pleasure by Asim Abdul Maajid, Esaam Ud-Deen and Naahah Ibrahim
Killing Hope: U.S. Military and CIA Interventions since World War II by William Blum
Military Intelligence Blunders by John Hughes-Wilson
Project MKULTRA, the CIA's program of research in behavioral modification. Joint hearing before the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research of the Committee on Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session, August 3, 1977. United States. Congress. Senate. Select Committee on Intelligence.
Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies by Noam Chomsky
New Pearl Harbor: Disturbing Questions about the Bush Administration and 9/11 by David Ray Griffin
New Political Religions, or Analysis of Modern Terrorism by Barry Cooper
Obama's Wars by Bob Woodward
Oxford History of Modern War by Charles Townsend
The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers by Paul Kennedy
Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower by William Blum
The Secret Teachings of All Ages by Manly Hall (1928)
Secrets of the Federal Reserve by Eustace Mullins
The Taking of America 1-2-3 by Richard Sprague
Unfinished Business, U.S. Overseas Military Presence in the 21st Century by Michael O'Hanlon
The U.S. and Vietnam 1787-1941 by Robert Hopkins Miller
Website Claims Steve Jackson Games Foretold 9/11, article posted on ICV2.com (this file contained only a single saved web page) The documents ‘probably used by other compound residents' Art Education: The Journal of National Art Education Association, “Islamic Art as an Educational Tool about the Teaching of Islam” by Fayeq S Oweiss (March 2002)
Arabic Calligraphy Workshop by Fayeq S Oweiss
Published Work Sample from Fayeq S Oweiss (2004)
Resume for Fayeq S. Oweiss, PhD (2006)
Delta Force Extreme 2 Videogame Guide
Game Spot Videogame Guide
Grappler's Guide to Sports Nutrition by John Berardi and Michael Fry
Guinness Book of World Records Children's Edition 2008 (scans of several pages from)
Is It the Heart You Are Asking? by Dr. Islam Sobhi al-Mazeny (suicide prevention guide)
Silkscreening Instructions
After the release of this information, mass media newspapers (such as The Guardian) jumped on the story to ridicule “truthers” and to slyly associate them with terrorists.
Obsessed with plots to ruin America, terrified of bugs implanted in tooth fillings or women's clothing, and secluded away from even his confidants, Osama bin Laden may not have been in the most healthy frame of mind during his years in hiding. It should perhaps come as no surprise, then, that his personal library included conspiracy theories about the occult, the Illuminati – and even 9/11.
– The Guardian, 9/11 truthers (naturally) wary of Osama bin Laden's conspiracy theory obsession
In the above article, The Guardian goes as far as shaming David Ray Griffin, the author of “The New Pearl Harbor: Disturbing Questions About the Bush Administration and 9/11″ because Bin Laden apparently owned that book.
The Guardian does not seem to know that US intelligence and the CIA are not exactly about journalistic accuracy. They are about propaganda and information wars. When they release “information”, it is not because they believe this information is “interesting to know”, it is because it serves a specific purpose. This entire “book” story seems completely fabricated to serve a specific purpose. Why even release this information? Is it because it serves the on-going Agenda of vilify “truth seekers” and to associate them with terrorism?
To make things even more convenient, there are no physical copies of these books – Bin Laden apparently preferred PDF e-books.
The timing of the release of this information is also strange. Why come up with this story more than four years after the death announcement? This story (along with one claiming that Bin Laden was planning another major attack) was made public only days after the release of Seymour M. Hersh's “The Killing of Bin Laden”. In his 10,000-word article, the Pulitzer Prize winner described how the entire story behind the killing of Bin Laden was falsified by the CIA. Hersh even points out in his article that there was no “treasure trove of information” retrieved from Bin Laden's compound.
“Despite all the talk,' the retired official continued, there were ‘no garbage bags full of computers and storage devices. The guys just stuffed some books and papers they found in his room in their backpacks. The Seals weren't there because they thought bin Laden was running a command centre for al-Qaida operations, as the White House would later tell the media. And they were not intelligence experts gathering information inside that house.' (…) Five days after the raid the Pentagon press corps was provided with a series of videotapes that were said by US officials to have been taken from a large collection the Seals had removed from the compound, along with as many as 15 computers. Snippets from one of the videos showed a solitary bin Laden looking wan and wrapped in a blanket, watching what appeared to be a video of himself on television. An unnamed official told reporters that the raid produced a ‘treasure trove … the single largest collection of senior terrorist materials ever', which would provide vital insights into al-Qaida's plans. The official said the material showed that bin Laden ‘remained an active leader in al-Qaida, providing strategic, operational and tactical instructions to the group … He was far from a figurehead [and] continued to direct even tactical details of the group's management and to encourage plotting' from what was described as a command-and-control centre in Abbottabad. ‘He was an active player, making the recent operation even more essential for our nation's security,' the official said. The information was so vital, he added, that the administration was setting up an inter-agency task force to process it: ‘He was not simply someone who was penning al-Qaida strategy. He was throwing operational ideas out there and he was also specifically directing other al-Qaida members.' These claims were fabrications: there wasn't much activity for bin Laden to exercise command and control over. The retired intelligence official said that the CIA's internal reporting shows that since bin Laden moved to Abbottabad in 2006 only a handful of terrorist attacks could be linked to the remnants of bin Laden's al-Qaida. ‘We were told at first,' the retired official said, ‘that the Seals produced garbage bags of stuff and that the community is generating daily intelligence reports out of this stuff. And then we were told that the community is gathering everything together and needs to translate it. But nothing has come of it. Every single thing they have created turns out not to be true. It's a great hoax – like the Piltdown man.' The retired official said that most of the materials from Abbottabad were turned over to the US by the Pakistanis, who later razed the building. The ISI took responsibility for the wives and children of bin Laden, none of whom was made available to the US for questioning. ‘Why create the treasure trove story?' the retired official said. ‘The White House had to give the impression that bin Laden was still operationally important. Otherwise, why kill him? A cover story was created – that there was a network of couriers coming and going with memory sticks and instructions. All to show that bin Laden remained important.”
– Seymour M. Hersh, The Killing of Osama Bin Laden
People often forget the fact that Bin Laden was an ex-CIA operative who was used to advance the US agenda in Afghanistan against the USSR in the 1980s. He was used again (as a boogeyman) to advance the US agenda in Afghanistan (and around the world) from 2001 to 2011.
When one considers that Bin Laden was a pawn in an international game of chess, that he might have died long before the “announced' symbolic date of May 1st 2011 (read my article about it here) and that 9/11 was an inside job, then the truth about this “book story” becomes evident: It is a rather heavy-handed attempt to associate “truthers”, “conspiracy theorists” and anyone who questions mass media with terrorism.
Image caption So-called "insider attacks" accounted for a growing proportion of Isaf casualties last year
Two US soldiers in Afghanistan have been shot dead in a so-called insider attack, US and Afghan sources say.
A number of Afghan troops also died in the shooting at a remote military base in Wardak province, not far from Kabul.
The US military called the attack a "betrayal". The killer - a member of the Afghan security forces - was shot dead at the scene.
Last year more than 60 Nato troops were killed by Afghan security personnel or insurgents posing as them.
The gunman - a member of the Afghan army or police - opened fire as US special forces and Afghan commandos held an early morning meeting.
Another 10 US troops were wounded, the US military said. The number of Afghan casualties has not been made public.
The attacker was also killed and the US-led special operations task force said the area had been secured.
Wardak province is the scene of particular tension between the Afghan authorities and US troops fighting Taliban militants.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai had ordered US special forces to leave the province by the middle of this month because of allegations of torture and disappearances carried out by Afghan troops working with them.
Tension
Earlier on Monday, police in Kabul said two civilian lorry drivers were killed and one wounded when they were fired on by an Isaf convoy.
The international security force Isaf said soldiers had opened fire to protect themselves when the two drivers failed to comply with a warning.
The latest deaths come amid continuing tension between the Afghan government and the US, as Nato troops prepare to end combat operations next year.
President Karzai has been strongly critical of US and allied forces for causing civilian casualties.
So-called "insider attacks" by members of the Afghan security forces, or Taliban infiltrators posing as them, have accounted for a growing proportion of Isaf casualties.
The Next Step for Developing Countries is Blockchain Based Distributed Banking.
ecurrencyhodler Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 26, 2017
In 2014, Mark Zuckerberg shared with TIME Magazine an ambitious goal: to bring internet to the world as a fundamental human right. However, he very quickly discovered that providing the internet through traditional forms of infrastructure had significant limitations:
The cost of accessing the internet was high as you had to buy computers. This was not a feasible option for many in developing countries. The alternative was to build internet cafes, but this was impractical as the cost of building wired infrastructure would be immense. It would take decades to create.
In light of this, he decided to think outside the box. Instead of bringing the internet through computers, he decided he would do it through mobile phones. Working various phone companies in developing countries, together they provided a stripped down version of the Facebook platform. These “walled gardens” were designed to wet the appetite of new web-users who would then purchase bigger plans to access a more complete product. Since then, internet adoption in developing countries have been making significant headway.
In fact, Aljazeera Studies Centre published a report in 2016 indicating that 54% of adults in the developing world use the internet specifically through smartphones.
This means that there is an entire generation growing up in developing third world countries that have technologically jumped past the era of computers.
However, computers may not be the only significant era that developing countries may jump.
Bank Account Based Blockchain (BABB)
BABB: bank account based blockchain is a decentralized banking platform that seeks to make banking more accessible to developing countries. It will do this by capitalizing on the growing smartphone infrastructure by providing banking services via a mobile app. In this way Rushd Averroës, the founder of BABB, hopes to redefine centralized and often exclusive banking geared towards macroeconomies by offering a distributed platform of empowerment for microeconomies.
A Tokenized Banking App
BABB will be utilizing BAX, an ERC20 token built on top of Ethereum, as the main driving force behind this new distributed banking system. This will offer BABB many unique advantages that are unavailable to traditional forms of banking:
BAX will create a standard global currency between all services that utilize the BABB banking platform. BAX won't be subject to international transfer fees as it won't be wired but sent via the Ether network. BAX can be used to empower BABB users so that anyone can loan money to others once they are fully verified. BAX makes fundraising significantly easier for BABB users.
Now admittedly, there are many advantages of utilizing centralized banking services. Individuals and businesses can get access to large capital and must go through a verification process utilizing government-backed documents like birth certificates or a social security number. However, those who are immigrants in a foreign country, or even start-up companies, can find this process incredibly cumbersome and limiting. In fact, Rushd himself experienced this as an immigrant student from Yemen:
In 2009, I moved from Yemen to the UK. I came here to work and study, so I needed to open a bank account to receive my salary, pay my university fees etc. Because I was an immigrant, new in the UK and without an address, my application was rejected by all of the major UK banks many times. I had to rely on pre-paid cards which were very expensive and not at all convenient. After I finished university I eventually found a part time job and managed to get a basic bank account, but I couldn't believe how difficult the entire process had been. -Rushd
Rushd experienced first hand the exclusivity and power banks held in limiting people's financial opportunity. In fact, this is what inspired him to research the three different ways BABB uses to ease the on-boarding process to banking:
Patented biometric validations via facial and voice recognition. Patented machine learning to analyze and track irregular account behavior. Account restrictions that are unlocked via a tiered verification system. A fully verified account will be able to lend directly to other users.
In this way, Rushd hopes to provide a more equitable banking solution while simultaneously providing rigorous verification measures through his mobile app.
And quite frankly, decreasing the entry barrier to banking is a global need. In the chart below, you'll notice that it is estimated that 49% of the world are unbanked. That means there are 3.72 billion people in the world, most who don't fit the modern centralized banking definition of a customer, without access to financial services
If Rushd and BABB are successful, they may very well help facilitate developing countries to not just jump past the era of computers, but the era of centralized banking as well. If you'd like to learn more about their project, you can access their whitepaper here.
The eurozone has let it happen. Europe's authorities have so mismanaged monetary and fiscal strategy that the whole currency bloc has tipped into deflation.
The drop in the eurozone's headline price index to -0.2pc in December scarcely captures the significance of what is happening. Deflationary forces have been gaining a grip on all the crisis states of the South for 18 months.
A chorus of economists began warning two years ago that the region was sailing close to the wind by letting inflation drift ever lower, leaving itself one shock away from a loss of policy traction. That shock is now hitting in successive waves: the Russia crisis; China's over-investment glut; and now the collapse of oil prices.
Textbook theory suggests that a halving of energy costs should be cause for celebration, a tax cut for consumers. It is very different calculus when inflation is already zero, bond yields are plummeting to 14th century lows across the world, and market psychology is becoming "unhinged" - to use central banking vernacular.
“Normally, any central bank would prefer to look through a positive supply shock," said Peter Praet, the European Central Bank's chief economist. "But we may not have that luxury at present. Shocks can change: in certain circumstances supply shocks can morph into demand shocks via second-round effects."
Mr Praet said families and firms are already adapting pre-emptively to the new order, describing what amounts to a classic deflation trap. "There is a risk of a real economic vicious cycle: less investment, which in turn reduces potential growth, the future becomes even grimmer and investment is reduced even further," he told Börsen-Zeitung.
Mr Praet warned that an "underemployment equilibrium" is setting in, invoking the term used by Keynes in the 1930s. He exhorted "all the authorities", including governments, to step up to their responsibilities and take "urgent action". This is a man who knows that monetary union is in deep crisis.
His boss, Mario Draghi, has been bending every sinew for a long time to head off this awful moment. He went to Berlin as far back as November 2013 to plead for understanding from Germany's economic elites, warning even then that radical measures were needed to secure a “safety margin against deflationary risks”. He feared that the downward slide was pushing EMU crisis countries into a deeper rut as they tried to claw back competitiveness. "Real debt burdens rise,” he said.
Mr Draghi did not invoke Irving Fisher's classic text published in 1933 - Debt-Deflation Theory of Great Depressions - but his message was the same. Falling prices are not benign in highly-leveraged economies.
There comes a point when the sailing ship does not right itself by the normal swing of the cycle. It tips too far and capsizes. Try to right it then. The Japanese are still trying 15 years later.
There have been incessant promises of ECB stimulus since that speech in Berlin but little has been done, despite Mr Draghi's valiant efforts. The ECB's balance sheet has contracted further due to "passive tightening", falling by €143bn to €2.15 trillion.
The optimal moment for quantitative easing has passed. It is late in the day, even if the ECB council plucks up the courage this month to force through full-blown QE against guerrilla resistance from the Bundesbank. Yields on 10-year German Bunds have already dropped to a historic low of 0.46pc. Finland is down to 0.54pc, Holland to 0.57pc and France to 0.73. Even Spain has fallen to 1.63pc.
Little can be done by compressing yields yet further, and the ECB is prohibited by treaty law from carrying out more radical action that injects money directly into the veins of the economy. Most likely it will be another fudge, an overly complex formula that avoids any real sharing of risk. Hedge funds may pocket a profit. But it will not create many jobs in Naples.
Without such jobs, Italy's political system is going to blow up soon. Its unemployment rate has just reached a modern-era high of 13.4pc, with youth unemployment hitting a record 43.9pc. The Mezzogiorno is sliding from depression towards social collapse. The Bourbons made a better fist of it.
By cruel contrast, Germany generated 27,000 fresh jobs in December. Unemployment has fallen to a 23-year low of 5pc. Things have never been so good since reunification. There could hardly be clearer evidence that monetary union is unworkable.
The victim states of southern Europe have retrenched heroically, yet deflation effects are overwhelming them. Their debt trajectories are still spiralling up due to the mechanical effect of sticky interest costs on a base of catatonic nominal GDP.
Spain's inflation rate has fallen to -1.1pc, a curse oddly welcomed by the pre-modern Partido Popular as proof that the country's "internal devaluation" within EMU is gaining traction. It certainly is, but the final outcome may not be what they think.
For Italy it is slow torture. Contractionary policies have already pushed the debt ratio from 116pc to 133pc of GDP in three years. Each one percentage point fall in Italian inflation forces the country to increase the primary surplus by 1.4pc of GDP to meet EMU rules, according to the Bruegel think-tank in Brussels. Yet to act on this imperative is to thrust the economy further into a self-reinforcing downward slide.
Optimists think the eurozone has touched bottom. Simon Ward, from Henderson Global Investors, says the forward-looking money supply figures are flashing recovery. His key gauge of narrow M1 - six-month annualised growth - surged to 9.9pc in November. Let us hope that this is the harbinger of reflation, though one wonders what M1 money data still tell us in a mad world of zero rates and zero inflation, where there is no opportunity cost for leaving money idle in M1 cash accounts.
The counter view is that something odd is happening in the global economy. China's factory gate deflation has dropped to -2.7pc, a sign of massive spare capacity. The country's fixed investment reached $7.24 trillion in the first 11 months of 2014, more than in Europe and North America combined. The scale is vast: the deflationary effects are galactic.
Behind it is an excess of capital as the world's savings rate hits a record 26pc of GDP, starving the real economy of demand. One culprit is the $12 trillion accumulation of foreign reserves by central banks. Another is the deformed structure of globalisation, which favours the owners of capital and concentrates of wealth. Add the demographic tipping point across the Pacific Rim and central Europe, and you have a portrait of worldwide "secular stagnation".
The eurozone is the least able to respond because it is a dysfunctional construct. There is little point blaming those now in office. The Telegraph has argued since Maastricht that a currency union of disparate cultures with no EMU treasury or political authority to guide it would end in paralysis, with feedback loops entrenching divisions over time.
Mr Draghi issued his own cri de coeur in Helsinki six weeks ago, laying out the "minimum requirements for monetary union". His prescription amounts to an EU superstate, with economic sovereignty to be "exercised jointly".
His plea is Utopian. There is no popular groundswell anywhere for such a vaulting leap forward, and it would imply a technocrat dictatorship beyond democratic control if ever attempted. The northern creditor states have in any case spent the past four years methodically preventing any durable pooling of risk or any step towards fiscal union.
In airing such thoughts, Mr Draghi is really telling us that he no longer thinks EMU can work. Nobody can fault him for lack of effort.
Four years ago, for the holiday of Shavuot, I wrote about my two pygmy goats. How I'd rescued one from a butcher shop, another from an abusive home, and brought them to live, along with our three chickens and two dogs, in the backyard of our Venice home.
This is the end of that story.
We had the goats for seven years — a good biblical number. They frolicked and ate and occasionally broke free from their gated area and rampaged through my garden. Nevertheless, we grew attached to Ollie and Goldie Horn, as humans inevitably do to goats. Goats have a way of getting under your skin.
Then two things happened at once. I got tired of having my garden routinely destroyed. Two small goats could reduce 20-foot hedges to Seussian sticks in an afternoon. But keeping them locked up day after day made me feel less like a farmer and more like a jailer. I had saved their lives, yes, but could I do more?
Around the same time these feelings stirred in me, my wife, Naomi, developed asthma. She went to the doctor, who naturally asked her if she had any pets.
“Yes,” she said. “Two dogs.”
“Oh,” said the doctor, as if, no big deal.
“Wait, that's not all,” Naomi added. “Three chickens. And two goats.”
The doctor looked up. “Did you say goats?”
The only thing worse for asthma than dog dander, said the doctor, is chicken feathers. And the only thing worse than feathers, he said, was hay.
They had to go.
What started as a lark ended up in guilt — over my wife's condition, over the ultimate fate of the animals I had, on an impulse, adopted. I knew that serious farmers are scrupulous about what they introduce into their flocks and herds. And if our goats had to go, but couldn't be adopted — the alternative would not be good.
I posted an ad on Craigslist offering free pygmy goats and hens to a good home — but not for meat, I specified. A man with a thick accent called to say he wanted them immediately.
“You know how to take care of them?” I asked.
“What?” he said. “Yeah, yeah, yeah, I take care of them.”
I hung up.
A woman called next, and when I tried to explain that the goats had a skin condition that wasn't fatal but contagious to other goats, she kept brushing me off.
“It's OK, it's OK,” she said — as if she knew the goats wouldn't be around long enough to infect anyone or anything.
The chickens were easier to place. My neighbor knew a woman near San Diego who raises laying chickens on her large property. I checked out her Facebook page and saw post after obsessive post of happy birds strolling around in the sun. We made contact, she swung by on a visit to L.A. — done. Now I keep up with my chickens on Facebook.
At the same time, Naomi reached out to the Brandeis-Bardin Campus in Simi Valley, home to horses, cattle, goats, chickens — all manner of farm animals that the campers at Alonim get to see and pet.
Before long, I was in touch with Aryeh Goldman, who runs the camp's Teva program. Teva is Hebrew for “nature,” and Aryeh struck me as a nature boy. Crew-cut red hair, solidly built, gentle demeanor. He checked with his vet regarding the goats' skin condition, then fixed up an old corral for them. A couple of weeks later, he invited me and the goats to come.
I rented a van and drove the goats out. What Aryeh was offering surpassed my dreams. It was almost an entire hillside, shaded by two huge oak trees, studded with rocks and small boulders. A newly repaired fence ran along the perimeter, keeping coyotes at bay. Beyond the fence, the Santa Susana mountains stretched on undisturbed.
Ollie and Goldie would have far better views here than they'd had with me. Plus, on the north side of the fence was a compound filled with at least 30 full-size goats — does and their newborn kids. A goat Gan Eden.
I led Ollie and Goldie into their new home. They stood by the fence, nervous, looking back out at me. I took pictures — first day of school. Goldie nuzzled me as I neared the gate to leave, and I pushed her back. Then I shook Aryeh's hand and said goodbye.
Over the next year, I visited a couple of times. Once work took me to the camp, another time Naomi and I were invited to a Shabbat service with the campers. Each time, I made a beeline for Goldie and Ollie.
When I opened the gate and walked in, they both trotted up to me.
Aryeh told me they had become very popular with the Teva interns and the campers.
“They renamed them,” he said, shyly. “I hope that's OK.”
The late founder of Brandeis-Bardin was Shlomo Bardin. His wife was Yaffa. Ollie was now Shlomo. Goldie was now Yaffa.
Shlomo and Yaffa ran toward me. Did they recognize me? Of course. Miss me? I doubt it. Aryeh said that the overnight campers regularly took them for walks and showed them off to the littlest day-campers, for whom the big goats are too intimidating.
Back at home in Venice, no signs of my animal husbandry remained. I scraped the area clean, covered it with decomposed granite, and planted a row of citrus trees along the fence. In a day, my yard went from Beverly Hillbillies to Jardin des Tuileries.
Time passed. The garden and hedges and trees flourished — there were no escaping goats to decimate them. All that was left of the barnyard was a photo of Ollie with the chickens on his back that I used as my screensaver on my iPhone. And occasional calls from Aryeh updating me on the goats' camp experience.
Late last winter, he called again. This time his voice was subdued.
“I don't have good news,” he said.
One night, coyotes had gotten into the corral. The next morning, he discovered Goldie — Yaffa — dead, with Shlomo standing by her. She had a single puncture wound in her throat.
“She wasn't eaten,” Aryeh said. “They didn't drag her away. We think they got in somehow, and Yaffa used her horns to defend Shlomo, and she got bitten, but still she chased them off.”
Then she died.
They moved Shlomo to the yard with the large goats, and Aryeh said he plans to acquire seven new pygmy goats because ours had proven so popular.
As for Goldie, I mean, Yaffa? Aryeh told me that they buried her on a hillside covered in spring flowers. Several of the camp's staff and campers came for the funeral, and some former Teva interns even drove back to the campus just to say goodbye. “We all said a few words and shared in her memory and each of us shoveled some dirt,” Aryeh told me. “It was an extremely sad day.”
Goats do have a way of getting under your skin.
Celebrate Shavuot and pygmy goats with this recipe:
Goat Cheese, Honey & Pistachio Mini Cheesecakes
Makes 12 bite-sized cheesecakes
For the pistachio crust:
1 heaping cup shelled, roasted, and salted pistachios
1/4 cup granulated sugar
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
For the filling:
11-ounce homemade chèvre, room temperature or one 11 ounces log mild goat cheese
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup (4 ounces) crème fraîche
2 tablespoons honey
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Pinch of fine sea salt
3 large eggs
If using homemade chèvre, drain goat cheese in strainer or cheesecloth overnight in refrigerator.
For the pistachio crust, combine pistachios and sugar in food processor or mini chopper and process until it becomes a fine meal. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and stir in the melted butter; the mixture should resemble wet sand. Divide the dough evenly among 12 wells of an individual cheesecake pan (or a mini muffin pan filled with cupcake liners) and press firmly into the bottom.
Preheat the oven to 400°F. While the oven is heating, refrigerate the crusts until chilled. Bake the crusts for 10 to 12 minutes until set. Cool completely before filling.
For the filling, lower oven temperature to 300°F. Combine the goat cheese and sugar in the bowl of a food processor and process for 1 minute. Add the crème fraîche, honey, vanilla, and salt and process for another 30 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the bowl if needed. With the food processor running, add the eggs through the feeding tube one at a time, and mix until just combined; do not over mix. (If you do not have a food processor you can whisk the ingredients by hand in the same order.)
Transfer the filling to a measuring cup with a pour spout and fill each cheesecake well almost to the top. Place the cheesecake pan on a sheet pan and bake for 18 to 20 minutes, until cheesecakes are just barely set. Remove from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature. Transfer the pan to the refrigerator and chill the cheesecakes for a minimum of 4 hours.
To assemble, remove the cheesecakes from the pan and remove metal rounds from the bottom. Bring to room temperature before serving. Drizzle with Meyer lemon creme and a sprinkle of candied pistachios.
Follow Rob on Twitter and Instagram @foodaism.
Pointer based stack in c# a guest Aug 21st, 2012 3,770 Never a guest3,770Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint C# 1.96 KB // never do this using System ; namespace PointerStack { unsafe struct Node { public Node * Next ; public void * Value ; } unsafe struct PStack { public int Count ; public Node * Head ; } unsafe class Program { static void Main ( string [ ] args ) { PStack * stack = stackalloc PStack [ 1 ] ; Node * n1 = stackalloc Node [ 1 ] ; Node * n2 = stackalloc Node [ 1 ] ; Node * n3 = stackalloc Node [ 1 ] ; char * a = stackalloc char [ 3 ] ; char * b = stackalloc char [ 3 ] ; char * c = stackalloc char [ 6 ] ; // horrible!!!! for ( int i = 0 ; i < "One" . Length ; i ++ ) a [ i ] = "One" [ i ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < "Two" . Length ; i ++ ) b [ i ] = "Two" [ i ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < "Three" . Length ; i ++ ) c [ i ] = "Three" [ i ] ; Console . WriteLine ( "Pushing" ) ; StackPush ( stack, n1, a ) ; StackPush ( stack, n2, b ) ; StackPush ( stack, n3, c ) ; Console . WriteLine ( "Number of elements on stack: {0}" , stack -> Count ) ; Console . WriteLine ( "Popping" ) ; char * v ; while ( ( v = ( char * ) StackPop ( stack ) ) != null ) { Console . WriteLine ( "Popped value: {0}" , new string ( v ) ) ; } Console . WriteLine ( "Number of elements on stack: {0}" , stack -> Count ) ; Console . Read ( ) ; } private static void * StackPop ( PStack * pStack ) { if ( pStack == null ) throw new ArgumentException ( ) ; if ( pStack -> Count == 0 ) return null ; Node * node = pStack -> Head ; pStack -> Head = node -> Next ; pStack -> Count --; return node -> Value ; } private static void StackPush ( PStack * pStack, Node * node, void * value ) { if ( pStack == null || node == null || value == null ) throw new ArgumentException ( ) ; node -> Value = value ; if ( pStack -> Head != null ) node -> Next = pStack -> Head ; pStack -> Head = node ; pStack -> Count ++; } } }
RAW Paste Data
// never do this using System; namespace PointerStack { unsafe struct Node { public Node* Next; public void* Value; } unsafe struct PStack { public int Count; public Node* Head; } unsafe class Program { static void Main( string[] args ) { PStack* stack = stackalloc PStack[1]; Node* n1 = stackalloc Node[1]; Node* n2 = stackalloc Node[1]; Node* n3 = stackalloc Node[1]; char* a = stackalloc char[3]; char* b = stackalloc char[3]; char* c = stackalloc char[6]; // horrible!!!! for( int i = 0; i < "One".Length; i++ ) a[i] = "One"[i]; for( int i = 0; i < "Two".Length; i++ ) b[i] = "Two"[i]; for( int i = 0; i < "Three".Length; i++ ) c[i] = "Three"[i]; Console.WriteLine("Pushing"); StackPush( stack, n1, a ); StackPush( stack, n2, b ); StackPush( stack, n3, c ); Console.WriteLine( "Number of elements on stack: {0}", stack->Count ); Console.WriteLine("Popping"); char* v; while ( (v = (char*)StackPop( stack )) != null ) { Console.WriteLine( "Popped value: {0}", new string(v) ); } Console.WriteLine( "Number of elements on stack: {0}", stack->Count ); Console.Read(); } private static void* StackPop( PStack* pStack ) { if( pStack == null ) throw new ArgumentException(); if ( pStack->Count == 0 ) return null; Node* node = pStack->Head; pStack->Head = node->Next; pStack->Count--; return node->Value; } private static void StackPush( PStack* pStack, Node* node, void* value ) { if( pStack == null || node == null || value == null ) throw new ArgumentException(); node->Value = value; if( pStack->Head != null ) node->Next = pStack->Head; pStack->Head = node; pStack->Count++; } } }
Meeting new people is an essential part of our life, owing to the present day constraints, meeting and networking has gradually gone down for a toss over the past few years. We are limited to people who are immediately around us, be it in a work environment, family or the small social circle we usually belong to. But shouldn't we meet new people frequently and expand our social circle or perhaps, find a soul mate? Anything is possible, right?
Startup 500 Brunches by Julie Krafchick connects like-minded people who share similar interests. Upon signing up, you'll tell them about yourself and 500 Brunches matches you with small groups to meet over brunch.
Julie has a sound background in marketing, relationship management and teaching. Making new friends and building her network, has always been easy for her. She wanted to help others do the same, so she landed on the idea of connecting people in real life. She has also been working in online media and tech since graduating from college in roles spanning over design, digital marketing and advertising monetization. Her other teammates include Amit Jardosh and Vanessa Irving, where Amit is helping on product and Vanessa on content marketing/social media.
In a way, technology has made us more anti-social. We're all glued to our phones/tablets/computers with an addiction to staying informed of every status update and tweet while we unintentionally become immune to the physical world around us. 500 Brunches wants to bring back meeting in real life again as opposed to online social networking. Initially, 500 Brunches started as a dating idea. One of the key insights from user research was having a way to meet in real life as soon as possible. The other insights from the research were that people had met really interesting people that they would like to have as friends or professional contacts, but couldn't make that leap due to meeting them on a dating site. “Many of my non-single friends made comments about how much they would like to use services to meet new people but couldn't due to existing ones being geared towards dating”, she adds.
Julie soon realized there wasn't really a place to just meet new people in general. She was discussing this with her colleague Amit. He had a similar idea and had already bought the domain 500brunches. They met regularly to expand on the idea and built the MVP to start getting people brunching.
“Focusing on the right priorities is important at the moment. There are tons of things you can be doing at all times, but it's really narrowing it down to a few key areas of focus, that are going to really move the needle. For us, initially it was building a strong community, getting the experience down, and generally making customers happy”, She explains.
Their Future Plans
At this stage, 500 Brunches is gearing up towards growth, scale, and automation while trying to be consistent. It tries to ease the difficulty in meeting new quality people. “Making new friends have always come naturally to me but I must confess that despite being an incredibly friendly person, I cannot strike up conversations with random strangers. I know it's not just me. Everyone on the bus is fumbling with their iPhone to avoid the possibility of interaction with a stranger”, she says.
Especially, if you have just moved to a new city, your current network is in a different life stage, or you are embarking on a new career path. Even if you have a great network already, there are always benefits of stepping out of your comfort zone to meet new people as you'll often be exposed to new ideas and conversations.
How are 500 Brunches different?
Meeting new people might be a little awkward at times and Julie feels that they have a simple solution. 500 Brunches is made up of small groups of 6-8 which makes it really easy and comfortable to talk and really get to know everyone in the group. You know everyone wants to meet new people or they wouldn't be there. Brunch is a perfect setting as it isn't as formal as dinner yet you get the benefits of being at a table with people for over an hour. It's also a great time limit too as it doesn't drag on for hours either. Their matching algorithm whets the people for similar interests and lifestyles. By doing this, their brunchers feel way more natural. “We make it really easy. We do the work for you by making the reservation, select the group, and give you the time/place. All you have to do is reserve your space if you are free and want to join”, she says.
Their Competitors
Meetup.com is probably their largest competitor but where they differ is that 500 Brunches promotes smaller groups rather than a huge gathering and a different approach to forming groups. Also, Tea with Strangers comes close but their approach to group isn't based on interests and rather based on the idea that any human can connect.
Julie feels that Meetup.com has about 20 million members, so there is definitely a market for people to connect offline.
Why does 500 Brunches work?
Dining out is a pastime shared by many, especially those in metropolitan cities. Many of us have social interactions over food already, so it is something that is already integrated into our lifestyles. Meeting new people appeals to the basic human need to belong. It doesn't matter if you are single, married, male, or female. There is an ongoing need to exchange conversation and form new bonds.
Right now we are just in San Francisco, but the plan is to expand to other cities. Their audiences include a good mix of professionals, startup techies, creatives, active health enthusiasts, and cultured foodies.
“We have people just looking for new friends and others looking to connect with people in their professional industry a bit more. It's been good though because even for professional networking, it's a more relaxed environment where people can get to know each other on a more personal level then just trying to connect to pass their resume around” she says.
Their Monetization model
They charge a $5 fee to attend the brunches for their matching services. It shows that people will pay for the product and makes people not just sign up and not attend (which is a big problem with meetups). They have also been testing more premium services and business/organization sponsored brunches which could potentially go on a more subscription basis like meetup. “Right now though we are completely focused on getting the user experience down, but there is potential for the future”, she says.
You can start brunching here: http://500brunches.com
(Photo: AP/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) A demonstrator holds a sign in front of the Supreme Court on June 30, 2014.
Abortion and contraception opponents have sued to block the Affordable Care Act's contraception mandate on the grounds that it violates their freedom of religion, but the challenge now pending before the Supreme Court actually undermines religious liberty, argues University of Virginia law professor Douglas Laycock in a recent amicus brief before the court.
In pointed language, Laycock calls the religious nonprofits' arguments a “mortal threat” to the future of religious freedom. A win by the plaintiffs, he writes, “would lead to absurd results that would discredit” the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) “and the cause of religious liberty.” It could lead to, he argues, the end of religious exemptions if an overbroad ruling makes it impossible for legislators and government agencies to carve out reasonable ones.
Laycock's brief is significant because he has long been seen as one of the staunchest and most thoughtful advocates for religious exemptions from state and federal mandates, including, recently, for religious objectors to same-sex marriage. He has written that the Supreme Court's 2014 decision in Hobby Lobby v. Burwell—in which the Court ruled that the contraception mandate violated the religious freedom rights of a closely held corporation—was correctly decided. He had authored an amicus brief in that case in support of Hobby Lobby's position. But the nonprofit plaintiffs have a more difficult case to prove before the high court than the for-profit companies did.
Laycock wrote the new amicus brief on behalf of the Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty, one of the organizations weighing in on the reach of RFRA in Zubik v. Burwell, the group of cases challenging the health-care law, which the Supreme Court will hear next month. The Court has consolidated seven cases brought under RFRA by a cluster of religious nonprofits that includes the Archdiocese of Washington, the anti-abortion group Priests for Life, several evangelical universities, and the order of nuns known as the Little Sisters of the Poor.
Federal regulators devised a system to permit religious objectors to opt out of providing and paying for the contraception coverage themselves. But the plaintiffs claim that this accommodation allowing them to notify their insurance carriers of their religious objections, triggering the carrier to provide coverage to the nonprofits' employees at no cost to the employer, still violates their religious freedom. (Only one court of appeals, the Eighth Circuit, ruled in their favor. Seven others sided with the government.)
The nonprofit cases are the final chapter in a protracted battle over the breadth of religious exemptions to the contraception coverage requirement that dates back to the health-care law's enactment five years ago. When the Department of Health and Human Services first issued the contraception coverage regulations in 2011, it exempted churches and their “integrated auxiliaries.” But conservative activists sought also to exempt religious nonprofits, arguing that the law required these religiously affiliated organizations to be treated the same as houses of worship.
Instead, HHS crafted an “accommodation” for religious nonprofits, enabling them to notify their insurance carriers to arrange and pay for the coverage, rather than exempting them entirely. The religious nonprofits claim that filling out the paperwork to notify their insurance companies imposes a substantial burden on their sincerely held religious beliefs, because it still involves them in arranging for the coverage.
The cases have become prime fodder in the culture wars, and a rallying point for religious conservatives up in arms over alleged infringements on religious liberty. In campaigning for the Republican presidential nomination, Texas Senator Ted Cruz has pledged to end what he calls the Obama administration's efforts “to impose millions of dollars in fines against the Sisters, under Obamacare, in order to force the Sisters to pay for abortion-inducing drugs and others.”
Laycock's brief is remarkable because of the way it turns on its head the plaintiffs' argument that the nonprofits are victims of an overreaching government. In fact, Laycock argues, “religious liberty can be endangered by exaggerated claims and overreaching as well as by government intransigence and judicial under-enforcement,” and that the nonprofits' arguments “endanger religious liberty, both legally and politically.”
Holly Hollman, the Baptist Joint Committee's general counsel, said in an interview that her group is “very hesitant to oppose any good faith [RFRA] claim.” (The BJC did not file a brief in the Hobby Lobby case, but notes in Laycock's brief that it believes the case was correctly decided.) But, Hollman added, for the nonprofits to prevail, “the Court would have to find that the government pursuing its interest in the contraception mandate through secular insurance companies is a substantial burden on the religious employer. That's a far different case than Hobby Lobby.”
In their brief to the Supreme Court, the nonprofits describe the arrangement as the “same mandate enforced by the same penalties as in Hobby Lobby, and it is a classic substantial burden on religious exercise.”
Laycock's brief, though, powerfully rejects this argument. He argues first that the nonprofits are, in effect, seeking “absolute deference” from the court on their claims of substantial burden. He argues that adopting this standard “would lead to untenable consequences.”
For example, he writes, a plaintiff could claim “God will punish the country and all its citizens,” if a “controversial public policy is not reversed.” That “would state a claim of substantial burden to which the courts would owe absolute deference,” the brief cautions.
What's more, Laycock warns, the nonprofits' overbroad argument that they are entitled to the same exemption as churches threatens the entire system of religious exemptions across the country. In addition to the federal RFRA, 32 states either have their own religious freedom laws, or interpret their state constitutions in accordance with the federal statute. Thousands of religious exemptions are codified in state and federal statutes and regulations. But that entire system, Laycock warns, is imperiled politically if courts do not “defer to reasonable efforts to draw such boundaries.”
Even if the remaining eight justices deadlock on the the question of whether the health-care law imposes a substantial burden on religious freedom Zubik could end up being decided in the government's favor. That assumes that Justice Anthony Kennedy, the swing vote in Hobby Lobby, remains consistent. In a separate concurring opinion in Hobby Lobby, Kennedy hinted that the accommodation was the least-restrictive way for the government to achieve its objective of ensuring copay-free coverage for contraception.
Whatever the outcome, this brief by an erstwhile ally urging extreme caution on taking religious exemptions too far signals that the plaintiffs in these cases may have overplayed their hand.
Social Paintball is happy to congratulate Los Angeles Infamous on winning the 2014 PSP Dallas Open professional division title, defeating Omaha Vicious with a final score of 7-3. This was Infamous's first professional title since the 2012 Chicago Open at their home field of CPX Sports. Vicious started the match looking like contenders, taking an early 1-0 lead in dominant fashion, however a slew of major and minor penalties that occurred during the mid point in the match, Infamous was able to find a foothold that would prove to be the difference.
Showing an uncharacteristically cool demeanor, Zack Wake proved to be an integral player on the snake side, playing smart paintball and not over extnending himself unnecessarily while executing the snake position almost flawlessly; along with Damien Ryan who continued to prove his worth by dominating the middle of the field. Shane Colby of Omaha Vicious also stood out on the snake side, yet lacked the support necessary to mount the attack needed.
Congratulations Infamous!
VANCOUVER — With fewer than 400 members and a reserve that covers just 458 hectares, the Soowahlie First Nation (SFN) is small. But it's beautifully situated south of Chilliwack, B.C., next to a provincial park and Cultus Lake, a popular summer resort area packed with attractions, including a waterpark, a golf course and a children's theme park called Dinotown.
The band has enjoyed good relations with its neighbours, but there have been rough patches, too. Last summer, some SFN members charged motorists $20 each to drive across their reserve, after a storm closed a public road.
That didn't go over well; while SFN chief and band manager Brenda Wallace says the incident demonstrated “how we want our privacy and don't like our space invaded,” she also expressed regret that it happened.
Now this: a fight over real estate, power and race.
There are only 70 houses on the SFN reserve. There will soon be hundreds more, should a 74-year-old white band member, a local property developer and Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada (INAC) have their way.
Up to 250 vacation-style homes are planned for an 11-hectare chunk of prime Soowahlie land, on the edge of the reserve, near the coveted lake. But the new homes aren't meant for band members; they will be marketed to affluent retirees, empty-nesters, non-natives.
Lynn Commodore, the 74-year-old, stands to gain $4 million in a pre-paid, 99-year lease agreement on reserve land she controls, but doesn't actually own. Ottawa, via INAC, is still in charge, after all.
He talked down to us like we're a bunch of dumb Indians.
The band allotted Commodore and her aboriginal husband Earl a “certificate of possession” on the 11 hectares, back in 1972. Certificates of possession are instruments used by bands across Canada to allocate reserve lands to members for their own use and benefit, subject to INAC approval.
The Commodores built and operated a go-cart concession on the property for seven years. They also worked with a developer to propose a housing scheme, which SFN members eventually turned down.
Another developer, Chilliwack-based Larry Les, subsequently joined forces with the Commodores. Earl Commodore died two years ago, but the housing development proposal proceeded.
Not everyone is thrilled. Wallace says Commodore has every right to pursue the development; her beef is with INAC.
Department bureaucrats “are telling us this is going to happen, whether we like it or not,” she said. “Some of us aren't really looking forward to having 250 new neighbours.”
INAC's “paternalistic activities threaten to create and foster long-term social impacts” on her community. They trump any potential economic benefits a development deal would bring the band.
SFN members would rather keep their reserve to themselves, than share 11 hectares with non-natives, even if it means turning their backs on $400,000 in annual property tax revenues and a one-time cash payment of about $1 million, all terms of the proposed development.
Les thinks they should reconsider. He says he's offering the band a solid deal, noting the SFN “isn't the wealthiest band right now.”
But a community meeting this month failed to convince band members. INAC officials were shouted down and Les was unable to complete his presentation.
“The result of the meeting is the clear message that the community does not support the housing development,” Wallace said this week in a press release.
“If INAC and the developer had their way, construction would already be underway despite the clear objections voiced by the Soowahlie leadership and citizens.”
Some were more forceful. They include Doug Kelly, an outspoken SFN member and grand chief of the Sto:lo Tribal Council, a group that represents local bands.
After the March 11 community meeting, he launched into attack mode.
“Larry Les, he didn't get a very warm reception,” he told the Chilliwack Times newspaper. “He talked down to us like we're a bunch of dumb Indians.”
Kelly also went after Commodore. A “non-aboriginal person that acquired (Indigenous) status under racist provisions of the Indian Act should not reap economic benefits intended for Soowahlie members,” he said.
A Commodore relative who asked not to be identified accuses Kelly of bullying and says all four of her children — each of them a full SFN member — are “100 per cent for the development.”
INAC did not answer specific questions about the brouhaha this week.
“We are following up with Chief and Council to identify their specific concerns for departmental consideration, and will also follow up with (Lynn Commodore) before making a formal decision on the lease development,” a spokesperson said via email.
Ottawa knows best, in other words, and will have the final say, come what may.
• Email: bhutchinson@nationalpost.com | Twitter: hutchwriter
Rick Ware Racing will return to the Camping World Truck Series full-time in 2017, temporarily shutting down its XFINITY Series program.
Spencer Boyd will pilot the truck for the team for at least a portion of the races, the driver announced Friday on Twitter.
There has been talk within the team of possibly running a second part-time truck with various drivers filling the seat.
Cody Ware is coming off a season in which he competed in six XFINITY Series races, finishing a season-best 21st at Watkins Glen International. He also ran a pair of Truck Series events, including a 17th-place finish at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park. He hopes for better in 2017 but also understands the reality of what many of the lower-level teams face in this sport, simply hoping to survive from race to race.
“I always have a healthy amount of skepticism until the year starts,” Cody Ware told Frontstretch via SMS. “I'm excited, but I've been let down in the past. Sponsors fall through, teams fold or change their agenda. Weird things can happen, but it's all the nature of the beast. Racing is not the business to be in if you value security and peace of mind.”
Since entering the sport in 2014, Ware has competed in 17 NASCAR touring division races among the top three series. He attempted to qualify for his first Cup Series event at Sonoma Raceway in 2016, running with Premium Motorsports, but missed the show.
Ware also hopes to get back to the XFINITY Series at some point. But for now, a reduced schedule in the Truck Series is one of the main reasons why the team is heading back to its original roots.
“We have more time to properly prepare the race trucks, even if we don't have extra money,” Ware said. “If not having money was bad enough, not having enough time is a nightmare. With several more off weekends, we can prepare in advance and get more work done in between races. In that time, we can be hunting for additional sponsors and drivers.”
Rick Ware Racing has spent part of 12 years in the Truck Series since debuting in 1999. The organization is coming off a season that witnessed 22 different drivers compete between the team's two full-time XFINITY Series machines. But with the move to the Truck Series, RWR is leaving that merry-go-round and the sport's second-tier division behind.
“As of now, we are pulling out for the year,” Ware said. “With all the new teams coming in, we would struggle even worse than this past year. It's a smart move for the time being to go to the Truck Series.”
The two Rick Ware Racing machines finished 28th and 31st, respectively, in the XFINITY Series owner standings in 2016. After the first of the year, the points to the No. 25 machine will be sold to Chris Cockrum, who competed in six events last year with support from Rick Ware Racing and the points to the No. 15 car will be sold to B.J. McLeod Motorsports.
“Lack of funding killed us,” Ware said. “We only had two full-time employees besides our crew chief. We ran three chassis pretty much all year. The last 10 races were all pretty much run with the same car. Drivers left, sponsors folded and it was just a really trying year.”
In addition to selling the points of both the teams cars, the organization also sold some race equipment. It will keep the rest because the family-run organization is hopeful to make a future return to the XFINITY Series.
“We're trying to figure out what makes sense,” team owner Rick Ware told Frontstretch. “The XFINITY deal is great in that it had a lot of volume. What you need is a team owner with cashflow and sponsorships. The Truck Series is very hard. You go to two races and sit for a month. You go to Martinsville and sit for a month. It's pretty hard to make a business out of that. We either have to fill in those holes doing some kind of racing, whether that is XFINITY, road racing or Cup, or motorcycles. We need to find sources of income in the racing business. We're working on that, but we don't have everything finalized yet.”
Islamic State group militants gained a foothold on the Jordan-Iraq border Tuesday when they destroyed at least six Jordanian border control posts, according to reports from Jordanian activists and Islamic fighters associated with the Islamic State, also known as ISIS. The attacks, which Jordan's army has yet to confirm, marked the first time since June the Sunni militant group tried to enter Jordan from Iraq.
ISIS fighters originally took control of a border post on the Iraqi side of the Jordanian border in June, just a few weeks after the Islamic State group seized Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city. ISIS then advanced on the border post within Jordan, called Trebil, the New York Times reported. Also in June, Jordan passed a controversial counterterrorism law giving authorities new powers to imprison "citizens who lend ideological and recruitment support to terrorist organizations."
The Jordanian army has yet to confirm Tuesday's attacks by Iraqi-based ISIS militants.
According to a report published by the Carnegie Endowment For International Peace last week, Jordan has taken several measures to stave off ISIS, including beefing up border security, arresting potential supporters of terrorism and tightening control over mosques. So far, though, those measures have not stopped the Sunni militants from trying to enter the country.
Those attempts come from both Iraq and Syria. On Monday the Jordan Times reported a Jordanian border patrol experienced difficulty when it tried to stop an "infiltration attempt by three Arab nationals from Syria." A Jordan Armed Forces spokesperson, Col. Mamdoh al-Ameri, said three people were injured during the infiltration attempt and border guards arrested two of them. The report from the Jordan Times said the border crossings have experienced several "infiltration attempts." Earlier this month, the border guards stopped five people from entering Jordan from Syria. The news report did not indicate if those people attempting to cross from Syria were affiliated with ISIS.
After the takeover of al-Rutba, ISIS has its eyes on Jordan and Saudi pic.twitter.com/YePFFHpw3f — Aaron Y. Zelin (@azelin) June 22, 2014
The International Business Times reported in September that the Sunni militant group may have infiltrated Jordan through its eastern border. David Schenker of the Washington Institute on Near East Policy published a report late Wednesday that said militant Islamists continue to "challenge the kingdom's stability."
According to the report, over the past several months, the Jordan Armed Forces have prevented "several" cross-border infiltration attempts by armed groups from Syria.
Maths students have the solution for decorating the perfect Christmas tree
If you've gone overboard while decorating the Christmas tree this year and it's more gaudy than great then maths students from the University of Sheffield may have the answer.
Members of Sheffield University Maths Society (SUMS) have created a festive formula to ensure just the right ratio of lights, tinsel and baubles are used to give your Christmas tree the perfect look.
Using their 'treegonometry' calculations they say a 152cm (5ft) Christmas tree would need 31 baubles, around 776 cms of tinsel and 478 cms of lights with a 15cm star or angel to top it off.
Their calculations look like this:
So whether it's a Norwegian Spruce or an artificial tree, use the calculator to make sure you have the right number of decorations and your home is a winter wonderland this Christmas.
Calculator
George Amos, president of SUMS said: "Being interested in maths can be a struggle for a lot of people but this is a brilliant way of showing an applicable side of maths. “This equation - which was created by two former students and SUMS members a few years ago - is a nice and easy equation to get people involved in maths, as well as a bit of good, festive fun."
Christmas tree facts The world's tallest Christmas tree would, at 2,600ft tall, need more than 16,000 baubles, over 4,000 meters of tinsel, almost 2,500 meters of lights, and an 80 meter tall star.
This year's Trafalgar Square tree is about 25 meters tall, meaning it would need 515 baubles, over 100 meters of tinsel, 78 meters of lights and a 2.5 meter tall star.
Additional information The University of Sheffield
With nearly 26,000 students from 125 countries, the University of Sheffield is one of the UK's leading and largest universities. A member of the Russell Group, it has a reputation for world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. The University of Sheffield was named University of the Year in the Times Higher Education Awards 2011 for its exceptional performance in research, teaching, access and business performance. In addition, the University has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes (1998, 2000, 2002, and 2007). These prestigious awards recognise outstanding contributions by universities and colleges to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. Sheffield also boasts five Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and many of its alumni have gone on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence around the world. The University's research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, Boots, AstraZeneca, GSK, ICI, Slazenger, and many more household names, as well as UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations. The University has well-established partnerships with a number of universities and major corporations, both in the UK and abroad. Its partnership with Leeds and York Universities in the White Rose Consortium has a combined research power greater than that of either Oxford or Cambridge.
SUNRISE, Fla. — Miami's boys of summer were treated to a taste of winter Sunday as Marlins pitchers Tom Koehler, Mat Latos and Steve Cishek spent the afternoon as honored guests of the Florida Panthers as part of the team's annual Ayudan Week.
Started in 2009, Ayudan Week is a team-organized community outreach event that consists of former Marlins players, Marlins executives and front-office staff visiting multiple schools, little leagues, hospitals, museums, foundations, as well as local businesses and restaurants.
Upon their arrival to the BB&T Center, Marlins players were given a plethora of Panthers gear and goodies, including custom jerseys bearing their names and numbers. From there, they received a tour of Florida's locker room and met with several Panthers players, including tough-guy Shawn Thornton.
For Cishek, who admittedly rooted for the Boston Bruins before backing the Panthers, meeting Thorton, a former Bruins mainstay, left the 28-year-old pitcher a little starstruck.
"It was pretty cool to meet him and hang out in the locker room," Cishek said. "I know a lot of diehard Bruins fans who love Shawn Thornton because he'd go out there as an enforcer and beat everyone up. It was really cool getting to meet him and see what his daily grind is like, just like we have to go through."
Having already attended several Panthers games earlier this season, Cishek said it's players like Thornton, as well as the game's breakneck pace, that draws him to the rink.
"It's just non-stop action," Cishek said. "Barely any whistles or stoppage, they just go at it. Of course, there's nothing like a hockey fight. You can't throw down in any other sport like you can in hockey. That experience is just so much fun to watch. It's just the intensity of the game and when a goal is scored, it's like a party for the home team."
After their locker room meet and greet, Miami's pitching trio joined in on the pregame festivities outside the arena where Cishek battled Koehler in a game of NHL 15 as fans looked on.
"Unfortunately I was the Blues," Cishek said. "It just happened to work out that way, but I ended up beating him. Hopefully that's not an indication of what's going to happen tonight."
From there, Cishek and the Marlins headed into the arena and on to center ice where the trio dropped the ceremonial first puck before the Panthers faced the St. Louis Blues.
Unfortunately for Cishek, his pregame simulation came true as St. Louis defeated Florida 2-1 in a shootout.
Thornton, however, earned a new fan after his second-period fight with St. Louis forward Ryan Reaves.
Shawn Thornton @ThorntonFDN just moved up my list of favorite Hockey players. — Tom Koehler (@TKREFRESH22) February 15, 2015
After the final buzzer had sounded, all three pitchers returned to the ice to take a few slap shots of their own.
Luckily for Marlins fans, it didn't look like any of the three will be bolting for the NHL anytime soon.
You can follow Jameson Olive on Twitter @JamesonCoop or email him at JamesonOlive@gmail.com.
In this Thursday, Nov. 3, 2016 photo former far right extremists Felix Benneckenstein, left, and Falk Isernhagen, right, speak to the Associated Press in Schleife, eastern Germany. They are part part of a small but effective network of former neo Nazis working to help people leave the far-right scene. Spread across Germany they work closely with an organization called EXIT that provides quick, non-bureaucratic advice to extremists who want out. (AP Photo/Michael Sohn)
SCHLEIFE, Germany (AP) — Felix Benneckenstein was a rising star on Germany's far-right scene, a young songwriter whose rousing guitar anthems made white nationalism sound romantic and rebellious.
But when fellow neo-Nazis attacked a friend, Benneckenstein found the doubts he'd ignored for years coming to the surface.
“It was a rude awakening,” he recalled. “You have an idea of what's wrong with the world and believe you've discovered hidden truths... And to then realize that everything you've done to yourself and others in the past years was built on lies is a bitter moment.”
After almost a decade on the far-right fringes, the 30-year-old is now part of a small but effective network of former neo-Nazis helping people to leave the scene. Spread across Germany, they work closely with an organization called EXIT that provides quick, unbureaucratic advice to extremists who want out.
At a time when extreme nationalism is on the rise in Europe again, EXIT has helped hundreds of neo-Nazis start a new life, according to its founder Bernd Wagner, a former East German police detective. He says EXIT has an edge over government-run programs because those answering its hotline have dropped out of the far-right movement themselves.
These former neo-Nazis call themselves the ‘Action Group' and try to meet in person at least once a year. The meetings aren't advertised, and journalists aren't invited because some members fear their identity could be revealed to friends and colleagues unaware of their past. Last month The Associated Press received unprecedented access to the group's two-day retreat at a former police training center tucked away in a wood in the eastern state of Saxony — notorious for its strong far-right presence.
About a dozen people — mostly young, mostly male — came to talk about their past and brainstorm ways to reach out to those still inside the neo-Nazi scene. Wagner says the Action Group gives ex-Nazis a way to become involved in political campaigns again where other organizations might reject them due to their past. The meetings also help them deal with their own demons.
“It does a lot for people that they can talk about the old days, not like old warriors who've won battles but about the mistakes they made in their lives,” said Wagner. “They're still looking for direction in a highly complex and diverse reality.”
That includes people such as Falk Isernhagen.
Bespectacled and slight, he felt he was an outsider as a white kid in a mostly migrant neighborhood of Berlin. When older white students at his high school invited him along to football games, he was grateful.
Soon he was marching alongside them at far-right demonstrations. Then he offered to run their website.
Isernhagen left when the pressure from his comrades became too much. Shortly after making the call to EXIT , he was attacked by unknown assailants and ended up in hospital, under police protection.
Instead of just turning his back on the far right, he chose to help others find their way out, too. “I felt I'd done enough damage so I wanted to make up for it a bit,” he said.
But it's not all penance for the former neo-Nazis who met in Schleife, a village near the Polish border, in early November. Sitting on a frigid porch outside the training center, Isernhagen grinned as he recalled the previous nights' larks.
“It's really interesting to work with people who have the same or similar experiences,” he said. “Because you feel that they understand what you went through and felt. That welds people together.”
People who join the far right typically share a common history: an early interest in politics, a feeling that they were outsiders or underdogs, and anger at what they regarded as injustice around them.
Benneckenstein was 13 when he came into contact with white nationalism. At first it was more teenage rebellion than genuine sympathy that drew him to the extreme right.
“I found the Nazi scene abhorrent. My little brother has Down Syndrome and of course I knew what happened to disabled people under Hitler,” he recalled.
But Benneckenstein enjoyed the music his new friends were listening to, and like many young Germans, he felt his generation was being unfairly penalized for their grandparents' mistakes. He fell for historical revisionism, to the extent of denying the Holocaust.
“I wanted to rid myself of a certain guilt one has because of Germany's history,” he said.
Soon his friends were bombarding him with information. There was “fun, action and party,” he said, but mainly it was about radicalizing young people.
First they radicalized him. Then he radicalized others. Going by the stage name ‘Flex,' he composed nationalist songs that included lines such “Am I criminal because I want to change the world” and “I'm ready to rise up against everything that stands in our way.”
Some of those in his circle were arrested for planning to bomb a Jewish center in Munich. Benneckenstein insists he was never involved in organized violence, though it was seen as a legitimate response to attacks from left-wing demonstrators. “If you want to be part of it, as I did, you have to be able to use violence,” he said.
A few months after his friends were attacked by other neo-Nazis, Benneckenstein — who resembles a young Matt Damon — found himself in jail. It was the last straw. He and his girlfriend called EXIT seeking help to leave the far-right movement. Since then Benneckenstein has become the go-to guy for remorseful neo-Nazis in Germany's southern state of Bavaria .
First contact requires trust on both sides, and a willingness to hear the other side out, he said. Some people are ready to quit the far right immediately. “We develop a scenario that allows people to leave the scene quietly.”
“Then there are the others who get in touch and want to talk through the whole ideology, which is also an important step. Because if they contact me they are contacting a traitor.”
But Benneckenstein also has an advantage. Unlike a police officer or social worker, he knows firsthand what neo-Nazis believe and where their weak spots are.
For many, the shift from mainstream politics to far-right ideology involved embracing anti-Semitic conspiracy theories. Unraveling those theories is a difficult but important part of the process of leaving the far-right scene, which Germany's domestic intelligence service says involved some 22,600 people last year.
Members of the Action Group, of whom there are now almost 40, say they recognize those theories in the current debate over Germany's immigration policy. The country has seen a surge in attacks against migrants over the past two years amid an unprecedented influx of refugees. Far-right groups have claimed that the government is intentionally trying to import foreigners to weaken the German population — or even abolish it.
To former neo-Nazis like Benneckenstein, such developments are worrying.
“I'm hardly concerned by the refugees, but I am concerned by the mood that's resulting from this,” he said. “Everyone can see how the political picture in Germany is changing at the moment.”
The situation has given the Action Group's work greater importance. Two years ago it made headlines when it got the public to ‘sponsor' a far-right march. The stunt caught the neo-Nazis off guard: for every meter (yard) they marched, ten euros (dollars) were donated to an anti-Nazi campaign.
The group followed up last year by soliciting donations for each racist post on Facebook — more posts, more donations to organizations that work to counter hate speech. Their stunts have since been copied by groups outside Germany, and EXIT now has a sister organization in the United States.
Some of the Action Group's members have come a long way since leaving the far right.
By his mid-20s, Stefan Rochow had risen from teenage activist to leader of the National Democratic Party's youth wing, responsible for recruiting new members and shaping the party's ideology. Outwardly he blamed foreigners and mainstream politicians for his country's woes, but inside Rochow was gripped by doubt. Corruption within the party and his own religious awakening made him question the ideas he'd spent more than a decade fighting for.
“I lived in two worlds,” he recalls. “My whole personality was completely split.”
With the help of his girlfriend and a Catholic priest, Rochow eventually managed to leave the party, a process that took three years. The turmoil and difficulties he experienced moved him to turn the tables on his erstwhile comrades.
Rochow remembers the “huge hole” he felt in his life after finally leaving the far-right party in 2008. His new-found Christian faith helped fill the void.
These days he's busier than ever. Aside from running his own business in the northern city of Schwerin and helping convert neo-Nazis, Rochow works in a cafe Wednesday afternoons — helping refugees from Syria and Iraq adapt to life in Germany.
___
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/wirereporter
Brief episodes of hiccups are a common part of life; however, prolonged attacks are a more serious phenomenon and have been associated with significant morbidity and even death.
Signs and symptoms
No medical training is required to recognize hiccups. However, persistent and intractable hiccups frequently are associated with an underlying pathologic process, and efforts must be made to identify causes and effects. The history should address the following:
Surgical history
Comprehensive drug history
Indicators of psychogenic origin
Arrhythmia-induced syncope
Gastroesophageal reflux
Weight loss
Insomnia
Emotional distress
Alcoholism and acute alcohol ingestion
A complete and focused physical examination may yield evidence of the following:
Head – Foreign body or aberrant hair adjacent to tympanic membrane; glaucoma
Mouth - Pharyngitis
Neck – Inflammation; mass lesions; goiter; voice abnormalities; stiffness
Chest – Tumors; pneumonia; asthma
Cardiovascular system – Arrhythmias; myocardial infarction (MI); pericarditis; unequal pulses
Abdomen – Gastric atony; organomegaly; subphrenic abscess; cholecystitis; appendicitis; abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA); pancreatitis; peritonitis
Rectum – Mass lesions
Nervous system – Focal lesions; disordered higher mental function; indications of multiple sclerosis
See Presentation for more detail.
Diagnosis
Laboratory testing is directed toward suspected abnormalities as follows:
Electrolytes - Hyponatremia, hypokalemia, hypocalcemia, and hyperglycemia
Renal function tests - Uremia
Liver function tests - Hepatitis
Amylase and lipase levels - Pancreatitis
White blood cell (WBC) count
Urine, sputum, or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) - Infection
Imaging modalities that may be helpful in the workup include the following:
Chest radiography
Fluoroscopy of diaphragmatic movement
Computed tomography (CT) of the head, thorax, and abdomen
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)
Other studies that may be helpful to include the following:
Electrocardiography (ECG)
Nerve conduction studies
Endoscopy or bronchoscopy
Esophageal acid perfusion test
See Workup for more detail.
Management
A definitive cure for hiccups has not yet been established. Treatment, if needed, may be pharmacologic or nonpharmacologic.
Pharmacologic therapies include the following:
Chlorpromazine (drug of choice)
Haloperidol
[1] Metoclopramide
Phenytoin
Valproic acid
Carbamazepine
Gabapentin
Ketamine
Baclofen
Lidocaine
Other agents reported to be beneficial are as follows:
Muscle relaxants (not benzodiazepines, see Etiology)
Sedatives
Analgesics (eg, orphenadrine, amitriptyline, chloral hydrate, and morphine)
Stimulants (eg, ephedrine, methylphenidate, amphetamine, and nikethamide)
Miscellaneous agents (eg, edrophonium, dexamethasone, amantadine, and nifedipine)
Nonpharmacologic therapies include the following:
Techniques affecting components of the hiccup reflex - Stimulation of the nasopharynx; C3-5 dermatome stimulation; direct pharyngeal stimulation; direct uvular stimulation; removal of gastric contents
Techniques leading to vagal stimulation - Iced gastric lavage; Valsalva maneuver; carotid sinus massage; digital rectal massage; digital ocular globe pressure
Techniques interfering with normal respiratory function - Breath holding; hyperventilation; gasping; breathing into a paper bag; pulling the knees up to the chest and leaning forward; continuous positive airway pressure; rebreathing 5% carbon dioxide
Mental distraction
Behavioral conditioning
Hypnosis
Acupuncture
Phrenic nerve or diaphragmatic pacing
Prayer
Surgical intervention (typically a last resort) may include the following:
Phrenic nerve ablation (unilateral or bilateral as appropriate)
Microvascular decompression of the vagus nerve (according to case reports)
See Treatment and Medication for more detail.
A number of police officers were injured after they came under attack from youths, some wearing scarves to hide their faces, amid scenes of chaos.
Eight people were taken to hospital with injuries after the violence flared at Millbank Tower, next to the River Thames in central London.
Hundreds of protesters stormed the building after smashing through the windows chanting "die Tory scum".
Rocks, wooden banners, eggs, rotten fruit and shards of glass were thrown at police officers trying to beat back the crowd with metal batons and riot shields.
Inside the building, windows were kicked in, desks and chairs were overturned and the walls were daubed with anarchist graffiti.
Protesters set off fire extinguishers, overturned filing cabinets and threw office paperwork and business cards from the smashed windows.
Dozens swarmed onto the roof where they hurled fire extinguishers, burning banners, bottles and cans into the crowd.
Several people were knocked unconscious and some were seen with their faces streaming blood after being hit by missiles thrown by protesters
Placards and banners were being burnt, to cheers from the crowd, while protesters inside the building used chairs as they smashed and kicked their way through more of the glass frontage, effectively opening up the whole atrium to the crowd.
A confetti of torn newspaper rained down on the hundreds of protesters gathered outside the Millbank atrium after students gained access to the upper floors of the building.
Water also poured down on them, seemingly from a broken sprinkler system above.
A red flare was let off as the atmosphere within the crowd became increasingly volatile.
The crowd responded to the heavy police presence with loud booing, screaming and chanting.
Students who had got inside the building's atrium tried to pull down the few remaining huge sheets of glass.
Others hurled stuffed pillows while the chants of "Tory scum" increased in volume.
A Conservative Party spokesman said that all its staff were "safe" but could not confirm whether or not they had been evacuated from the building.
he demonstration, organised by the National Union of Students and the University and College Union, had started peacefully, with up to 50,000 students, lecturers and supporters, marching from Whitehall past Downing Street and Parliament.
NUS president Aaron Porter said a small minority of protesters had "hijacked" the march, describing the violence as "despicable".
He said the violence was not part of the organisers' plans, blaming the trouble on a "small minority" he believed had arranged it beforehand.
"We talked about the need to prevent anything like this and how important it was to act in a responsible way. Unfortunately a minority have undermined us."
An NUS spokesman said: "The troublemakers have let down students."
UCU general secretary Sally Hunt said: "The actions of a minority should not distract from today's message. The overwhelming majority of staff and students on the march came here to to send a clear and peaceful message to the politicians. The actions of a minority, out of 50,000 people, is regrettable."
Up to 85 staff have already been told they will be made redundant after Michelle Guthrie announced major cuts
As many as 85 ABC staff on television programs including 7.30 and Foreign Correspondent have been tapped for redundancy just hours after the managing director, Michelle Guthrie, unveiled her plan for streamlining management.
Sources told Guardian Australia some of the staff who were informed they were going to be made redundant included a vision mixer, a lighting director and a technical producer.
The entire field camera department – which films vision and records sound for programs including Landline and Gardening Australia – has also been made redundant. Staff said they had no idea who was going to shoot and catch sound for these programs now. These are all production roles and not management.
Guthrie did indicate in her speech to staff at midday on Tuesday that, separate to the 20% cuts to management, “efficiency measures” would start immediately.
From the top: ABC set for radical change under Michelle Guthrie | Amanda Meade Read more
“We'll be implementing additional efficiency measures in production and support in ABC TV and ABC News,” Guthrie said on Tuesday. “This is part of ongoing work to meet efficiency targets, reduce fixed costs and free up additional funds.
“It's expected that across these separate activities – reducing management, eliminating duplication and achieving production and support efficiencies – between 150 and 200 staff will leave the ABC by the end of this financial year.”
The efficiencies are coming from cutting at least 36 positions in the television division and 49 in the news division, sources said. Staff who produce the National Press Club television addresses from Canberra have also been targeted.
In her first all-staff address in 10 months in the job, Guthrie said the savings from the job cuts would be reinvested in a $50m content fund, which would start at $20m next financial year.
The fund will be controlled by a new director of audiences, Leisa Bacon, who was previously the director of audience and marketing.
The appointment of the marketing manager to a content role signals ABC content will be more ratings driven. It remains unclear why an additional content fund is needed which is separate to the the existing television and radio commissioning process.
In a message to staff late on Tuesday the director of news, Gaven Morris, who is one of eight executives to head a division in the new structure, said 49 positions in news were being made redundant, largely in production and operational areas.
“It is always extremely hard to lose good, dedicated people, and I acknowledge how difficult this process is for everybody, especially those who are directly affected,” Morris said.
“In the context of the changes in the broader media sector, the reality is that we will continually need to be as efficient as possible and find savings to put back into our content in order to serve our audiences better.”
Michelle Guthrie says it is not her job to lobby for ABC funding Read more
The secretary of the ABC section of the Community and Public Sector Union, Sinddy Ealy, said the rhetoric about cutting middle management was “a bit of a furphy”.
“Content-making staff in TV and news operations are being tapped on the shoulder today and escorted to quiet offices at the back of the building and told that their jobs will no longer exist on 1 July,” Ealy said. “They are producers, technical operators, people who do things like put the National Press Club to air.”
Ealy also threw doubt on the motives behind the creation of a separate content fund and encouraging staff to submit their ideas.
“I think it's a Trojan horse for more outsourcing,” she said. “I don't believe it will work because the ABC is removing the infrastructure for making the content. So if somebody has a great idea to make content if they don't have the resources to make content that TV content how can it ever get made?”
The ABC's staff-elected director, Matt Peacock, went public with his support for Guthrie's plan. Peacock, a senior reporter on 7.30, was elected by a staff ballot to sit on the ABC board while all the other directors are appointed by the government.
“The direction that Michelle is going in of cutting layers of management and increasing resources for program makers is something I 100% support,” Peacock told Guardian Australia.
He said management layers had grown from two to seven since he was a junior reporter and needed to be trimmed. You'd have to be “brainless” to think it wasn't a good direction to cut management to increase content, Peacock said.
“This is bringing home the bacon; we've had some pain and now we have a little bit of gain,” he said.
In its statement of support for Guthrie, the ABC board appeared to acknowledge that the Coalition had cut the ABC's budget, making the job losses necessary.
“The board acknowledges that within a fixed funding envelope, choices need to be made on allocating resources,” it said. “In transforming the ABC, the priority must be on delivering to audiences.
“The board has established regular reporting on the progress of implementation and will provide governance oversight to ensure that the intended benefits are delivered from this change program.”
Republican Presidential contender Ted Cruz was given an earful on Sunday by a young heckler, while speaking at a campaign rally in La Porte, Indiana, according to The Oregonian.
null
While sharing his tax plan, the Texas Senator was sidetracked by an interrupting protestor. Cruz stopped his speech to address the preteen, according to a report done by The Daily Mail.
“Apparently there's a young boy who's had some problems.”
It was then the preteen protestor retorted to Ted Cruz, “You suck!” Turns out, Cruz was not having it.
null
Cruz directly addressed the heckler in front of the Indiana crowd, beginning with, “Thank you, son.” From there, he turned this moment into a lesson about respecting your elders, according to The Oregonian.
“You know, I appreciate you sharing your views. One of the things that hopefully someone has told you is that children should actually speak with respect.”
As a result, the crowd erupted in applause and cheers to Cruz's sentiment. While the preteen was escorted out of the rally by local law enforcement officials, the potential Republican nominee continued his parental-sounding lecture.
“You know, in my household, when a child behaves that way, they get a spanking.”
The young heckler isn't the only person who wants to see the end of the GOP contender. In the wake of Tuesday's primary, Cruz is struggling to boost voter moral in Indiana. As of Sunday, a poll conducted by NBC News, the Wall Street Journal and Marist College shows that Republican Presidential front-runner Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by 15 points, according to the New York Times.
null
null
Cruz is definitely aware of the pressure that currently lies on him and his campaign. In a story published by the New York Times, the Republican was quoted saying, “The eyes of the entire country…now rest on Indiana,” while speaking at a religious community center in that state. He went on to list the odds against him, according to a report by the Texas Tribune.
“The mainstream media wants this race to be over. The New York power brokers want this race to be over. The Washington lobbyist wants this race to be over…John Boehner wants this race to be over. They all make their decision and they now expect the people of Indiana to fall in line.”
Still, Cruz has been making an effort to rise to the challenge, despite having political pundits and various politicians point out his shortcomings. Last Wednesday, Ted Cruz recruited former Presidential Republican contender Carly Fiorina as his running mate, if he were to receive the Presidential nomination for the GOP, according to the New York Times. While this move hasn't necessarily given Cruz the spike he would have liked in the news polls, he still has supporters acknowledging his efforts.
null
null
null
[Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images]
China has released a new list of items banned for export to North Korea, ranging from wind tunnels to plutonium, following a new round of United Nations sanctions and complaints from U.S. President Donald Trump that Beijing was not doing enough to pressure its communist neighbor.
Watch What Else Is Making News
Advertising
The step was seen by one leading expert on North Korea as an attempt to show that China is fully meeting its commitments, and to pre-empt any moves by the U.S. to punish Chinese companies that deal with the North. However, the expert questioned whether the ban would have much effect in slowing a North Korean nuclear weapons program that is already well advanced and gathering momentum.
A statement from the Chinese Commerce Ministry late Wednesday said the items included dual-use technologies that could aid the North's programs to develop nuclear, chemical and biological weapons as well as the missiles to deliver them.
While largely comprising specialty chemicals and rare alloys, the list also includes computer software, machinery, high-speed cameras, aerospace engines and six-axle truck chassis. Grinding machines, molds and radio transmitting equipment also joined plutonium and wind tunnels among the banned items.
Advertising
The ban on “dual-use measures related to weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery” takes effect immediately, the announcement said.
There was no evidence that the extensive list of items was prompted by anything other than the U.N. Security Council resolution passed in November in response to the North's missile test in September.
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying on Thursday said sanctions should be “implemented in an all-round and balanced way” and China was merely meeting its obligations.
However, the official Communist Party newspaper Global Times suggested the timing had to do with the upcoming weeklong Lunar New Year holiday, a period during which North Korea last year staged a missile test and in 2013 held its third underground nuclear test.
The announcement “is also a warning for the North Korean side not to conduct another round of nuclear testing during China's Spring Festival this year,” it quoted Yanbian University expert Jin Qiangyi as saying, using another term for the Lunar New Year.
China is North Korea's largest source of trade and aid, but has grown increasingly frustrated by its defiance of U.N. demands that it end missile tests and development of nuclear weapons.
Although generally dismissive of sanctions, Beijing has signed on to successive rounds under the U.N. Security Council, while continuing to advocate a resumption of six-nation nuclear negotiations hosted by China that have been on ice since North Korea withdrew in 2009.
Beijing's unique relationship with North Korea's hereditary dictatorship has generated expectations that it holds the key to ending the threat from North Korea, something Chinese officials and scholars call a vast exaggeration. China also firmly opposes any measures that could lead to the toppling of Kim Jong-un's regime, something it fears would lead to a massive wave of refugees crossing into China and the presence of South Korean and U.S. troops along its border.
Despite that, Trump complained in a tweet earlier this month that China “won't help with North Korea,” even while it benefits from commercial links with the U.S.
Trump's nominee to be secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has spoken in starker terms. He accused China of making “empty promises” on North Korea and warned of U.S. sanctions on Chinese companies found to be violating U.N. Security Council resolutions, recently beefed up to tighten restrictions on North Korean coal imports.
“If China is not going to comply with those U.N. sanctions then it's appropriate for the United States to consider actions to compel them to comply,” Tillerson told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee earlier this month.
The U.S. is concerned that North Korea may already be able to arm short-range and mid-range missiles with atomic warheads, threatening U.S. allies South Korea and Japan, and American forces in each country.
Some experts believe North Korea is likely to have the capability to strike the U.S. mainland before Trump's four-year term is up.
China feels like it has not received credit for its previous concessions over North Korea, said John Delury of Yonsei University in Seoul. Trump's “antagonistic rhetoric” has only strengthened those feelings and China is now seeking to avoid U.S. secondary sanctions on its companies, Delury said.
China also has its own security concerns over North Korea's programs and would have banned the items in any case, he said.
However, given that previous bans and other sanctions appear to have had little effect, the latest move “won't be the game-changer that people are looking for,” Delury said.
Advertising
“North Korea is already pretty far along, they've got momentum,” he said. “In technical terms, they're pretty self-reliant at this point and don't need to buy things `over the table' from China.”
The city's women complain of ‘eve-teasing' – or worse – on public transport. Having Saritha Vankadarath at the wheel may signal the start of change
At 6am every day, a green bus on line 543 from Sarojini Nagar to Anand swings out of a Delhi Transport Corporation depot and heads on to the chaotic streets.
It looks like any of the other 5,000 public buses fighting their way through Delhi's rickshaws, trucks, bicycles, cars and occasional elephants. But at the wheel is Saritha Vankadarath, the first woman to drive a bus in the seething city of 17 million people.
Vankadarath, 30, started work last month and, barring the occasional jammed door and Delhi's toxic smog, has faced no major difficulties so far.
“Some [passengers] get surprised when they see me,” Vankadarath said. “But I think they all feel safe with a woman driver on board. Many people compliment me while getting off the bus by saying: ‘You drive well.'”
Some passengers get surprised when they see me. But I think they all feel safe
The effort to hire female drivers is part of a campaign by authorities to fight endemic sexual harassment on buses and public transport in general.
Delhi is the fourth most dangerous city in the world for women travelling on public transport, according to one recent survey. Only Bogotá, Mexico City and Lima were found to be worse than the Indian capital.
The gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old attacked on a bus in December 2012 prompted grief and outrage across India, with thousands taking to the streets demanding tougher laws, better policing, safer public transport and a shift in cultural attitudes. The UN asked India, the world's second most populous country, to ensure security for women.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Saritha Vankadarath is the The first woman driver inducted in the Delhi transport corporation. Photograph: Rajat Gupta/EPA
The woman was assaulted on a private unlicensed bus as she and her friend returned from watching a film in the south of India's capital.
In one incident last year, two girls won praise after they fought back against youths who had been harassing them on a bus running between villages an hour's drive from Delhi.
Women complain of facing a barrage of suggestive remarks and gestures, known locally as “eve-teasing”, on every journey.
“They touch you, or say things, or just look at you in that way all the time,” said Ayesha Shah, a 20-year-old medical student, as she waited for a bus in the east of Delhi. “If they respect the woman driver, maybe they will respect the women passengers too.”
India remains a deeply conservative society but cities in particular have seen rapid change in recent years, with more women working and travelling alone than ever before.
Family fears reprisals just days after sisters are hailed heroes for fighting off abusers Read more
Vankadarath said that with “so much violence against women these days, women need to stand up”.
“I'm trying to do my job well and hopefully I will inspire other women to come forward and take up jobs which are always done by men. [It] gives more confidence to women travellers. Many women passengers have told me this and congratulated me. They say women face a lot of harassment on buses, so having a woman driver just might make things easier.”
Transport officials say they published advertisements in local newspapers seeking female candidates. Seven applications were received and five candidates showed up for the interviews but four subsequently failed a medical examination. Vankadarath spent four weeks training and a day learning her route.
Her story, despite her untypical occupation, is that of millions of others – men and women – in Delhi. Vankadarath comes from a village about 900 miles away, in a remote part of the poor southern state of Telangana. The youngest of five daughters, she left school at 16 to take over her father's motorised rickshaw when he fell sick, earning enough to pay for his treatment and the marriage of a sister.
She then moved to Delhi, which sucks in vast numbers of rural migrants seeking an escape from the crushing poverty of the fields or dead-end small towns, and now earns 22,000 rupees (£230) every month for a 48-hour week.
There have been female drivers elsewhere in India for some time; however, most authorities have problems attracting recruits. Recent advertisements in Andhra Pradesh for more than 4,500 posts for female bus drivers received not a single applicant. One official said this might have been because of the height requirement and the need to have a heavy good driving licence.
Many lady passengers say that they would like to have a woman bus driver
Vankadarath's new colleagues have been supportive.
“We feel very good to have a lady bus driver among us. We would like more women to join us,” said Rajinder Singh, 58, who has been driving buses in Delhi since 1982. “Many lady passengers say that they would like to have a woman bus driver. My advice to her will be: keep your head cool. Don't speak to passengers or get into any sort of argument with them. Just do your job and feel that you are doing a great service to society.”
A lack of investment over decades means Delhi's public transport system is grossly inadequate, despite a new metro system that is being expanded. There are only 4,500 buses. London has twice as many, moving much more quickly, for half as many inhabitants. A massive increase in cars in Delhi in recent decades and acute congestion have contributed to the city suffering the worst air pollution in the world.
Vankadarath sees herself as a pioneer for women throughout India. “I want to say: if a woman wants to do something, she can do. Men and women are equal and they should always be equal in every sphere of life. Women have the capacity, strength and the power to do anything. You just need to be brave.”
The north London club has moved swiftly to activate the release clause in the Belgium international's contract and hope to wrap up a deal for the 25-year-old in the coming weeks
By Wayne Veysey | Chief Correspondent Arsenal have made a sensational £22 million bid for Marouane Fellaini can reveal.The Gunners have activated the release clause in the Everton midfielder's contract and are confident of wrapping up a deal for the 25-year-old in the coming weeks.Goal understands that Arsenal made the club-record bid on Wednesday, the same day that Roberto Martinez was appointed the new Everton manager.It is believed that Fellaini's buy-out clause is £22m for a top-four club, and £24m for a club that finishes outside the Champions League places.The Belgian has been consistently linked with Chelsea in the last 12 months and speculation of a switch to Manchester United has intensified since Dave Moyes' appointment last month.But Arsenal have made the first formal move for the Belgian in what is the first flexing of the London club's new-found muscle in the transfer market.The Gunners have the best part of £100millon to spend this summer in what represents the biggest transfer kitty in the club's history.The stunning swoop for Fellaini was made on the day that Everton chairman Bill Kenwright admitted the Merseysiders were vulnerable to offers for the versatile midfielder.Kenwright has promised new manager Martinez he will receive 100 per cent of any income from sales after the Spaniard signed a four-year deal to become Moyes' successor."He talked about a couple of new signings and he talked about the squad and asked 'Do they need to go?'," said Kenwright of his discussions with the 39-year-old. "I said 'No, they absolutely do not have to go' (although) there is one (Fellaini) that has a get-out, which everyone knows."Arsenal have already made moves for Swansea City defender Ashley Williams and QPR goalkeeper Julio Cesar, but their pursuit of Fellaini will send shockwaves through English football.Arsene Wenger is a long-time admirer of the Belgian, who joined Everton from Standard Liege in 2008 for a club-record £15m.He would bring a physical presence to the Arsenal ranks as well as a midfield versatility. Fellaini is on record as saying his favourite position is defensive midfield but he was used predominantly in an attacking role, supporting the main striker, last season.
Follow Wayne Veysey on
Tim Martin/Here's a Thought
Barack Obama has been better for gun sales in the United States than 10,000 terrorists. Just ask Wayne LaPierre, spokesperson for the firearms industry … Oops, excuse me. I mean executive vice president of the National Rifle Association.
LaPierre makes $900K a year pimping for the multi-billion dollars in gun sales to the American public. His assigned task is simple: Keep people angry and skeptical. Keep them thinking that we are only a hair's breadth away from having our guns confiscated. In other words, do anything necessary to defeat any actions which might negatively impact the profits of America's Merchants of Death.
There's trouble in River City. That's the heart of his message. LaPierre has accused President Obama of wanting a universal gun registry, and of believing his children deserve security while others do not.
In an interview with Chris Wallace, he was asked to explain the NRA's video accusing President Barack Obama of wanting armed security for his children but opposing it for others. Wallace pointed out that the president's children face a larger threat than most.
”Tell that to the people at Newtown,” LaPierre quipped, referring to the town where an armed shooter killed 20 children at an elementary school.
LaPierre also appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee and stated that background checks and measures such as regulating certain semi-automatic weapons would have dire consequences on our country. “If you limit the American public's access to semi-automatic technology, you limit their ability to survive,” he said.
As a gun owner, Wayne LaPierre certainly does not speak for me. I want a registry, a limited number of bullets in a clip, and a universal background check. Oddly enough, so do 85 percent of all NRA members. I grew up in a gun-owning family and there's not one of us who confuse background checks with the government snatching up our guns. Personally, I could care less if pimped-up trashy AR-15s or other civilian versions of assault rifles are banned. I'm not motivated by paranoia. I don't have an innate fear of criminals, immigrants, or terrorists. I do not need a semi-automatic weapon to shop at the local mall. They still let me in.
It would be great if LaPierre would stop blowing smoke up America's tailpipe. Why anyone even bothers to listen to his babbling is beyond me. The man is a poster child for the paranoid fringe element. He's more dangerous than a drunken, one-armed, first-time firearms instructor with a severe case of the DTs.
Despite what LaPierre says, the sky is not falling, the wolf is not attacking the sheep, and Obama does not want to take away our guns. That would require a constitutional amendment. No worries there, folks. We can't even get Congress to pass a simple budget.
LaPierre puts the exclamation point behind the lack of a coherent argument by insisting that limiting weapons that kill 30 people in two minutes and/or a universal background check is a direct attack on the 2nd Amendment. But he's no crackpot. The man is a well-paid lobbyist and a shill for the biggest bully on the block. Politicians who dare to support increased control over the sale or possession of any type of gun are immediately targeted for defeat at their next election. Tens of millions are spent annually to ensure their defeat.
That's exactly why LaPierre and the gun industry have their hands out for your cash.
Only three types of people are against background checks: those who manufacture and sell guns, people who can't pass a background check, and Wayne LaPierre. They say you can tell a lot about a person by the company they keep. I guess it's true.
Thankfully, LaPierre doesn't speak for NRA members. He speaks for weapon manufacturers and gun salesmen who are in the business of making money. It's impossible to a person like him to understand firearms safety when his salary depends on him not understanding it. LaPierre is unstable and extremist, and does gun control dialogue no favors. The man is not motivated by freedom or safety; he is motivated by profit.
Don't fear President Obama. He doesn't want to take away your guns. Fear Wayne LaPierre. He wants to take away your humanity and keep you running scared. The NRA needs to get rid of this guy, pronto. He gives the organization and all responsible gun owners a bad name.
Tim Martin resides in McKinleyville and writes this column for the Times-Standard.
The Dani people, also spelled Ndani, and sometimes conflated with the Lani group to the west, are a people from the central highlands of western New Guinea (the Indonesian province of Papua).
They are one of the most populous tribes in the highlands, and are found spread out through the highlands. The Dani are one of the most well-known ethnic groups in Papua, due to the relatively numerous tourists who visit the Baliem Valley area where they predominate. "Ndani" is the name given to the Baliem Valley people by the Moni people, and, while they don't call themselves Dani, they have been known as such since the 1926 Smithsonian Institution-Dutch Colonial Government expedition to New Guinea under Matthew Stirling who visited the Moni.[1]
Language [ edit ]
Linguists identify at least four sub-groupings of Dani languages:
Lower-Grand Valley Dani (20,000 speakers)
Mid-Grand Valley Dani (50,000 speakers)
Upper-Grand Valley Dani (20,000 speakers)
and the Lani or Western Dani (180,000 speakers)
The Dani languages differentiate only two basic colours, mili for cool/dark shades such as blue, green, and black, and mola for warm/light colours such as red, yellow, and white. This trait makes it an interesting field of research for language psychologists, e.g. Eleanor Rosch, eager to know whether there is a link between way of thought and language.
A small fringe group of the Dani, living south of Puncak Trikora and presenting themselves as the Pesegem and the Horip tribes, were met on October 29, 1909, by the Second South New Guinea Expedition led by Hendrikus Albertus Lorentz, who stayed several nights in their village. First contact with the populous Western Dani was made in October 1920 during the Central New Guinea Expedition, which group of explorers stayed for six months with them at their farms in the upper Swart River Valley (now Toli Valley). The Grand Valley Dani were only sighted in the summer of 1938 from an airplane by Richard Archbold.
Culture [ edit ]
1995 ABC news report on the impact of migration on Dani culture
Sweet potatoes are important in their local culture, being the most important tool used in bartering, especially in dowries. Likewise pig feasts are extremely important to celebrate events communally; the success of a feast, and that of a village big man (man of influence) or organiser, is often gauged by the number of pigs slaughtered.
The Dani use an earth oven method of cooking pig and their staple crops such as sweet potato, banana, and cassava. They heat some stones in a fire until they are extremely hot, then wrap cuts of meat and pieces of sweet potato or banana inside banana leaves. The food package is then lowered into a pit which has been lined with some of the hot stones described above, the remaining hot stones are then placed on top, and the pit is covered in grass and a cover to keep steam in. After a couple of hours the pit is opened and the food removed and eaten. Pigs are too valuable to be served regularly, and are reserved for special occasions only.
Ritual small-scale warfare between rival villages is integral to traditional Dani culture, with much time spent preparing weapons and treating resulting injuries. Typically the emphasis in battle is to insult the enemy and wound or kill token victims, as opposed to capturing territory or property or vanquishing the enemy village.
Changes in the Dani way of life over the past century are tied to the encroachment of modernity and globalization, despite tourist brochures describing trekking in the highlands with people from the 'stone age'. Observers have noted that pro-independence and anti-Indonesian sentiment tends to run higher in highland areas than for other areas of Papua. There are cases of abuses where Dani and other Papuans have been shot and/or imprisoned trying to raise the flag of West Papua, the Morning Star.[2][3]
Ethnographic studies [ edit ]
In 1961, as a member of the Harvard-Peabody study, filmmaker Robert Gardner began recording the Dani of the Baliem River Valley. In 1965, he created the film Dead Birds from this experience. Gardner emphasizes the themes of death and people-as-birds in Dani culture. "Dead birds" or "dead men" are terms the Dani use for the weapons and ornaments taken from the enemy during battle (wim). These trophies are displayed during the two-day dance of victory (edai) after an enemy is killed.
Michael Rockefeller, son of former vice-president of the United States Nelson Rockefeller, was a member of the Harvard-Peabody study and involved in the production of Dead Birds. While conducting further research on the Asmat people elsewhere in New Guinea, Michael Rockefeller disappeared. His body was never found.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
It's 1998. The Saturn, my beloved NiGHTS-playing machine, is undeniably on its last legs here in the UK but with the trusty Sega Saturn Magazine as my guide and the likes of Panzer Dragoon Zwei and Street Fighter Alpha 2 to play I didn't care so long as there was something to look forward to. Sonic Team could do no wrong, and their final Saturn title merged their flair for character design with an unexpected premise: futuristic firefighting.
The game has two main playable characters, Shou and Tillis, with the rest of the team available to play through the use of special passwords given out by certain survivors once the main game's been cleared. There are three main missions to play and while that doesn't seem like much at first glance the game benefits from a randomised layout system much like their later Dreamcast classic Phantasy Star Online, meaning that while key rooms and events always play out in the same way, survivors will more than likely be another person entirely (if they're even there at all) and doors may be locked, forcing players to take alternative routes.
But it's not just about leaping through flames and navigating collapsing walkways to rescue school children and space station workers (Sonic Team members too, if you're lucky) – there's the tricky business of putting out fires to consider as well.
In the future this is apparently done by shooting at fires with the Burning Rangers' sort-of-water-pistols-but-not equipment – a handgun for Shou and a wrist mounted shot for Tillis. Normal shots take longer to put out fires, but when doused they release crystals which are needed to safely transport survivors away from the disaster zone. Charge shots are great for taking out the automated robots that wander around and larger fires quickly, but these blasts always shatter nearby crystals as well as any that would have been released from the fire. These crystals also work exactly like Sonic's rings, keeping characters safe from harm so long as they have at least one in their possession and scattering if they get hit.
Luckily fires in Burning Rangers are all colour coded, so even in the tightest spots when hazardous barrels are on the verge of exploding and the pressure's just peaked and unleashed jets of flames through the floor, it's still easy to tell at a glance which fires need to be prioritised. Red fires are the most common, green are the really dangerous ones as they spit flames in the player's direction, and blue flames don't do much but they do take more shots to subdue. This ease of understanding — coupled with the game's constantly shifting surroundings and unpredictable behaviour — makes for a pitch-perfect balance of stress and skill. The rules are simple and consistent, and give players who take the time to learn them an edge — while the distinctive locations with their shifting layouts keep even experienced players on their toes.
But there is a problem with Sonic Team's unique and ambitious approach to firefighting - they pushed the Saturn to the limit with dynamic environments, fancy coloured light sources and transparencies (all of which were a big deal at the time) and the hardware really can't cope with the strain, meaning floors and walls frequently flicker in and out of existence, transparencies are often visible in front of objects that they should be hidden behind and fires sometimes break out inside walls where the player can't reach them. It's completely understandable how someone could look at the game almost sixteen years after its release and not see what all the fuss is about.
Which leads us to the point of this feature; Burning Rangers deserves another shot on more powerful hardware so that it can live up to its original potential. Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed gave us a tantalising glimpse of what a next-gen Burning Rangers could look like and it was fantastic – any chance of treating us to the rest of the game, Sega?
Share. “Are you collaborating with Mr. Stark!?” “Are you collaborating with Mr. Stark!?”
Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
It seems Agent Carter has one more thing in common with J.J. Abrams' Alias – a very long voice over at the start of new episodes to catch potential viewers up on everything!
That amusement out of the way, this was another very solid episode that continued to show a cool and immersive world for Peggy's adventures. The sense of humor here is done really well, whether it's Peggy's dry “Next one over” when a guy was outside her window, trying to find his girlfriend, or Jarvis deadpanning, “The death ray is accounted for, actually. It's in Nevada!” when in the hot seat at the SSR.
That exchange was a moment of levity in what was a pretty intense, well done sequence, as Thompson interrogated Jarvis. This was a terrific episode for James D'Arcy, who'd already been incredibly likable and witty as Jarvis, but here got to show a different side, doing all he could to stand up to Thompson's questioning. This was followed up by some heartfelt moments between Jarvis and Peggy, as she learned the truth about his dishonorable discharge and what he did to get his wife, Anna, to safety. (I saw a few “Jarvis doesn't really have a wife theory” pop up this week, but we heard her this week, even if we didn't see her, so probably safe to put that to rest… right?)
Jarvis' willingness to risk his career to save Anna was nicely mirrored by Peggy risking her own status at the SSR to save Jarvis (and, admittedly, herself, if he'd talked) when she interrupted the interrogation and made herself look like a screw up in the process. It's already so hard for Peggy to make a positive impression at the SSR because of her gender that it was easy to feel the weight of what it meant to have Dooley, Thompson and everyone else so mad at her and feel she was so incompetent.
Even if it wasn't in a very positive light, it was good to see Dooley and Thompson begin to get fleshed out here, as Peggy's office life begins to become more fully formed. Last week, I complained that Kyle Bornheimer's Krzeminski felt like one casually chauvinistic SSR guy too many, especially given he was the most overtly buffoonish – and hey, what an a-hole, when he told Sousa, “No woman's gonna trade in a red, white and blue shield for a aluminum crutch.”
Well, problem solved, as Krzeminski was murdered! It was certainly an effective turn of events, as far as making the threat of Leviathan seem even more real, with both Krzeminski and that tough as hell thug coldly killed. And Peggy's sadness, mixed with her acknowledgement that she didn't even really like Krzeminski, was a nice touch.
That aforementioned thug also gave us another fun fight, as Peggy took him on. Jarvis saving her, then her saving Jarvis (aided by some well-used Stark tech) was another great touch for their partnership.
As for Peggy's personal life, I Lyndsy Fonseca continues to shine as Angie and she and Haley Atwell have a great energy together – so much so that I was glad to see them mend fences after their brief disagreement. Here's hoping they had that schnapps and rhubarb pie Angie was suggesting!
Now let's talk a bit more about Fonseca and the fact that Bridget Regan has now also joined Agent Carter as Peggy and Angie's new neighbor, Dottie. When Fonseca was announced for this series, I, like many, felt it unlikely they'd cast someone in a Marvel series who'd just come off of four years doing impressive action work on Nikita as just a simple waitress. But then they announced Legend of the Seeker's Regan was also joining the series as well as another normal gal pal of Peggy's.
Something's up, right? Angie feels pretty damn genuine now (and I quite like the character, so I guess I hope she's on the up and up). But what about this Dottie? Can we trust her or is there more than meets the eye? It just seems highly likely, on a show of this type, in this world, that either Angie or Dottie aren't what they seem and right now, my money is on Dottie as the rat – Hydra, Leviathan or otherwise.
South Africa's bidding for the 2023 Rugby World Cup will begin after the 2015 tournament.
Johannesburg – South Africa's bidding for the 2023 Rugby World Cup will begin after the 2015 tournament. According to reports on Friday SA Rugby Union (Saru) spokesman Andy Colquhoun confirmed South Africa's intention to bid for the rugby showpiece.
Colquhoun said Saru chief executive Jurie Roux intended to make the bid.
“The president confirmed we will be bidding for the tournament in 2023,” said Colquhoun.
“The bidding won't open until after the 2015 World Cup, so it's some way away. The bidding document will only come out after the World Cup so until you get that in your hand there's not much you can do.”
South Africa hosted the 1995 Rugby World Cup, beating New Zealand in the final to claim the trophy in their first attempt.
The Springbok rugby team won their second World Cup in 2007.
South Africa successfully hosted the Cricket World Cup in 2003, and more recently the 2010 Fifa World Cup. – Sapa
Following a weekend crammed with ever more salacious revelations about Harvey Weinstein, hundreds of thousands of women have now taken to social media to share their own experiences of sexual harassment. This is called the ‘#MeToo' movement, and it's gone viral, in the way that these things do.
According to Twitter, this reveals ‘the magnitude of sexual assault'. In reality, it does nothing of the sort. #MeToo tells us far more about the desire of some women to reach for victimhood status.
The accusations against Weinstein include charges of rape; as such, they deserve to be taken seriously and tried in courts of law rather than by public opinion. At this moment Hollywood's leading ladies don't just have the public's attention but widespread sympathy too. But it doesn't stop there. We live in a fame-obsessed culture, and just as many women might emulate a star's diet or dress sense, they also want in on the sympathy too. #MeToo is an unedifying clamour to be included in celebrity suffering.
The #MeToo social media revelations blur the boundary between sexual assault and sexual harassment. 140 character reports of having been raped are placed on a par with tweets about name calling, whistling and groping. The #MeToo process helps create a false impression that all men are sexually abusive and simply waiting for an opportunity to assault innocent and defenceless women.
Worse, serious crimes are trivialised as the #MeToo tweeters who recount some relatively minor (albeit discomforting) experience are equally blessed with retweets, likes and public endorsements praising their bravery. Blurring the boundaries between rape and ever-broader definitions of sexual harassment doesn't just trivialise serious offences, it further inflames a climate of hysteria in which the sexual harassment of women comes to be presented as a routine part of life. Life for women is presented as a battleground where we are all only one bad joke, one wolf whistle or one stare away from being assaulted.
It also creates an impression that being a woman in the 21st century is a living hell. Not only is this false, it is destructive. In 2015, Girl Guiding UK found that seventy-five per cent of girls and young women said anxiety about potentially experiencing sexual harassment affects their lives in some way. A 2016 survey suggested that 41 per cent of young women expect to face discrimination at work. These young women had not faced harassment or discrimination: their anxiety was around what might, potentially, happen to them in the future. It may be the fear of sexual harassment, more than the reality, that is holding women back today.
Twitter is by default a narcissistic platform: users must assume the world wants public updates on their thoughts and feelings. But yesterday's #MeToo Twitter-trend only shows us the sorry state of feminism today.
Joanna Williams is the author of the newly releasedWomen vs Feminism: Why we all need liberating from the gender wars.
KOUROU, French Guiana — Europe has no intention of modifying its space-program relationship with Russia despite Russia's takeover of Crimea and despite NASA's decision to pull back on dealings with Moscow, European government officials said April 3.
Attending the launch of a Europeanized Russian Soyuz rocket — the seventh launched from Europe's spaceport here on the northeast coast of South America — and applauding the announcement of a new contract for the purchase of seven more Soyuz vehicles from the Russian space agency, officials said the diplomatic tensions over Russia's moves in Ukraine are like a choppy sea surface.
Down below, where business is done, they said, things are continuing as usual.
Jean-Jacques Dordain, director-general of the 20-nation European Space Agency, said none of his governments — almost all members of NATO — nor anyone from the 28-nation European Union has suggested that Europe shut down any of its multiple space-policy arrangements with Russia.
Unlike NASA, Europe has multiple programs with Russia. Launching Russian Soyuz rockets here, which entails the arrival of up to 300 Russian engineers for weeks at a time for each launch, is expected to expand to four this year and to remain at an average cadence of three each year through 2018.
Arianespace Chief Executive Stephane Israel declined to disclose the financial terms of his company's contract with Russia's Roscosmos space agency for seven more Soyuz vehicles, to be launched between 2016 and early 2019. He said the price was about what was expected when taking into account Russia's inflation rate.
Israel told reporters April 4, after the successful launch of a Soyuz carrying the European Commission's Sentinel-1A Earth observation satellite, that the contract negotiations were completed by March 14, when the formal contract was signed. But since then, he said, his company's dealings with Russia have not been changed.
Bernard Chemoul, director of the Guiana Space Center spaceport, said in an April 4 interview that preparations for the April 3 launch occurred without perturbation from the Ukrainian crisis.
One European Commission official said the commission has made no moves to constrict its dealings with Russia and dismissed NASA's announcement — which specifically excluded the international space station from the ban on dealings with Russia — as empty posturing.
The French space agency, CNES, invited a Roscosmos delegation to witness the April 3 launch, and the Russian agency's director and deputy director were both present for the liftoff.
Roscosmos Director Oleg Ostapenko gave a speech after the launch celebrating Russian-European space ties.
Beyond Soyuz, Europe and Russia have partnered on a two-launch Mars program, called ExoMars, and are discussing a joint venture to Jupiter or one of its moons as well.
Follow Peter on Twitter: @pbdes
RELATED ARTICLE
NASA Suspends Most of its Non-ISS Cooperation with Russia
I was in the market for a replacement controller for my controller that came with the system. The right thumbstick was no longer working in the way it needed to be, so I started looking around for viable options and saw this product on sale for about $49.99. Went to the store and asked an associate and it's a wireless controller that is compatible with the Xbox One console and can be used on a PC since it comes with a USB cable. The cable as described is a 9' cable and it can be used on the console as well so that you can do updates with it, which was a pleasant surprise. Got home and sync the controller with no issues at all and as stated before went ahead and did the updates again with no issues at all. Tested it out to make sure the controller would stay sync by turning it off and on, powering up the console with it and then powering it down. Didn't have any problems at all. The controller is like any Xbox One controller, which is great. The only downside for this particular purchase, if you're in the market for a new controller that has the 3.5mm headset jack, this controller unfortunately doesn't have one. It has the standard port for the basic headset, so you would have to buy the adapter if you don't already own one. Also, for some, it doesn't come with rechargeable batteries, which isn't for me since I own some Duracell rechargeable batteries that work well with the controller.
Read more
There are plenty of interesting situations that can come up in the course of a game of Eternal. Some of these situations are quite rare or make use of unituitive mechancis, which leaves some players uncertain of the outcomes. Use this quiz to test your Eternal knowledge and learn a little bit about some of the more esoteric interations in the game. Keep track of your answers and compare them to the answer guide at the end!
Easy Questions (1 Point)
A. You cast Channel the Tempest targeting your opponent with 9 other cards in hand. You draw 3 copies of Secret Pages. How much damage does Channel the Tempest deal to the opponent?
9 damage 12 damage 13 damage 15 damage
B. A Champion of Chaos (FFFSSS influence available) is given Killer. It uses Killer to attack a Valkyrie Enforcer. What is the result?
Both the Champion and the Enforcer die. The Enforcer dies. The Enforcer dies, the opponent takes 2 overwhelm damage. The Enforcer dies, the opponent takes 4 overwhelm damage.
C. Your opponent plays a Censari Brigand and attacks you. You silence it with a Desert Marshal, but your opponent Torches the Marshal in response. How much damage do you take?
4 damage 2 damage 0 damage. The unit is removed from combat.
D. You are down to only a single point of health, while your opponent still has 5 health. Your opponent attacks you with two Oni Ronins, and you block one of the Ronins with your lone unit, an Umbren Reaper. What is the result?
The units trade and you survive with 3 health. Umbren Reaper's entomb kills the opponent. The units trade and you survive with 5 health. Umbren Reaper's entomb kills the opponent. The units trade and you die. Umbren Reaper's entomb does not trigger. You lose the game because of second Oni Ronin. The units trade and you die. Umbren Reaper's entomb kills the opponent, so the game is a draw.
E. You are down to only a single point of health. Your opponent attacks you with two Oni Ronins, and you block one of the Ronins with your lone unit, this time an Infernal Tyrant. What is the result?
You survive with 5 health. You survive with 6 health. You fall to 0 health and dice. You fall to -1 health and die.
Medium Questions (2 points)
F. Forgeting your sequencing, you Torch an enemy Towertop Patrol, then cast Withering Witch. Does the unit survive?
Yes, with 1 health. Your sequencing sucks. No, it dies. Your sequencing still sucked.
G. Similar to the last question, your sequencing is all backward. This time you cast Plague before Withering Witch. Your opponent had a Towertop Patrol in play. What are its current stats?
0/1, and it's alive. 0/1, and it's dead. 0/0, and it's alive. 0/0, and it's dead.
H. Your Cirso, the Great Glutton is attacked by a Predator Carnosaur. What is the result?
Cirso does not activate. Both units trade. Cirso activates. Your Cirso survives, the Carnosaur dies. Cirso activates. Your Cirso survives, the Carnosaur dies, and your opponent takes 4 overwhelm damage. Cirso activates. The enemy unit loses Killer and is removed from combat. Both units survive, the Carnosaur is now a pig.
I. Your opponent attacks you with a Crownwatch Paladin equipped with a Deepforged Plate. You block with your Cirso. Which of these outcomes is correct?
Cirso activates, and blocks the pig. Cirso survives, the pig dies. Cirso activates, and blocks the pig. Both units die. Cirso activates, and blocks the pig. Cirso dies, you take 1 damage. Cirso activates, but does not transform the Paladin. Cirso dies, you take 1 damage.
J. You attack your opponent with a Magus of the Mist and his dragon. Your opponent blocks the Magus with a Steward of the Past. What is the result?
Magus dies, the dragon lives. Your opponent takes 6 damage. Both Magus and the Dragon die. Your opponent takes 6 damage. Both Magus and the Dragon die. Your opponent takes no damage. Magus dies, the dragon lives. Your opponent takes no damage.
Hard Questions (3 points)
K. Your opponent is at 10 health. They attack you with a Sword of Icaria, and you cast Lightning Strike on them. They respond with a Protection. You Torch the Sword. What does your opponents end status?
5 health, no aegis, no sword. 9 health, no aegis, no sword. 9 health, no sword, aegis. 5 health, no sword, aegis.
L. Both players are at 1 health and have an Argenport Instigator in play. Each player has no deck and only one card in hand. One player plays their last card, Harsh Rule and both Instigators die. Who loses?
The player who played Harsh Rule since their Instigator activated first. The player who did not play Harsh rule since their Instigator activated first. The game is a draw. No point changes. Both players lose and receive losses. The player with no cards in hand loses. The player with one card in hand loses. Neither. The game is remade. The player who went first loses.
M. Your Dawnwalker was killed by your opponent's Plague. You play a Champion of Cunning (PPPPP/SSSSS available) to revive it and attack the opponent. What are the Dawnwalker's current stats?
5/2, attacking 3/0 because it returned as a 3/0, then died before Champion applied its anthem 3/0, and it doesn't return 5/2, and it doesn't return
N. You play Recurring Nightmare, cast The Finest Hour on it, deal 4 damage to your opponent, and return it to your hand. What size is the Nightmare next turn?
2/1 4/1 5/1 8/1
O. Horror of horrors, Siraf hit Shimmerpack while you have a board of Initiate of Sands, Xenan Obelisk, and a Squad Strategist. You target yourself with its ability. Counting Initiate of Sands, you have exactly 8 power. What size do your Shimmers end up?
5/5 8/8 9/9 10/10 12/12 14/14 15/15 16/16 18/18 20/20
Answer Sheet
1 Point: A. 2 B. 4 C. 2 D. 3 E. 1 2 Point: F. 2 G. 1 H. 2 I. 4 J. 1 3 Point: K. 3 L. 8 M. 3 N. 3 O. 7
Answer Explanations
A. You can't draw to more than 12 cards in hand (excess copies are discarded). Although you have 9 + 6 = 15 cards in hand as a result of draw, cards beyond the 12th are discarded and do not count towards Channel damage.
B. Killer works just like attacking. Deadly deals 1 damage to kill the Valkyrie, then Overwhelm deals the remaining damage to the opponent (in this case 4).
C. The silence goes through even though the Marshal is dead. While it loses charge, the Brigand is still attacking, so it deals 2 damage to you.
D. Damage occurs simultaneously, so by the time your Reaper is dead and its entomb can trigger, you are already dead.
E. Damage is dealt simultaneously, so even though you drop below 1 health, lifesteal puts you back to positive before combat ends and you survive.
F. The three damage from torch is still sitting on the Patrol. When its max health is changed from 5 to 1, the 3 damage kills it.
G. Unlike Torch, Plague doesn't deal damage. Witch changes the Patrol from a 0/4 to a 0/1 with no damage on it.
H. Killer works just like attacking, so Cirso pigs the Carnosaur to a 2/2. This doesn't remove it from combat, so Cirso kills the pig.
I. Aegis stops all enemy effects, including Cirso's. Cirso falls to the 7/7 Overwhelm Paladin and you take damage.
J. Magus has an invisible entomb of sorts where it tries to kill its linked dragon. Since Steward silences it when it dies, the effect does not trigger and the dragon stays around.
K. This one is a bit odd, as the attacking enemy is in this case the weapon that attacking, not the enemy player. When you torch the sword off the player, nothing is attacking anymore so the Lightning Strike does nothing. Protect still goes off, giving the enemy player an Aegis.
L. Simultaneous deaths are calculated in this way: 1) The player with less life loses. 2) The player with fewer cards left in their deck loses. 3) The player who went first loses. Life totals and deck sizes are tied, so whoever went first would lose. Hand sizes are irrelevant. There are no ties in this game.
M. Units with 0 health can't be returned from the void to the battlefield. Champion only affects units in play, so it wouldn't buff the Dawnwalker to the point where it could return.
N. The Finest Hour makes Recurring Nightmare a 4/4. Hitting the opponent doubles it power to 8, then it loses the Finest Hour bonus of +3/+3. The end result is 8-3 = 5/1.
O. The Shimmerpack is a 4/4 base. It gets +2/+2 from Obelisk and +1/+1 from Squad Strategist, making it a 7/7. When you choose your target, Siraf doubles that to 14/14 and turns all your units into 14/14 shimmerpacks. You lose Strategists buff and the 8th power for Obelisk, meaning the only static buff remining is +1/+1 from Obelisk, bringing your total stats to 15/15.
Scoring Sheet
Add up all your points and find out what trivia card level you're at!
0 to 5 Points – Friendly Wisp – This game is fun and you're glad to be here, but you're gonna need backup to be a real trivia threat.
6 to 10 Points – Oni Ronin – Like the Ronin, you're quick out of the gate but not overwhelmingly powerful.
11 to 15 Points – Push Onwards – You've mastered the basics, but still need some practice to handle strange situations. Keep at it!
16 to 20 Points – Wisdom of the Elders – You've been playing for a long time and gotten into plenty of odd situations. That experience pays dividends here.
21 to 25 Points – Inspire – Mere experience won't server you here, several of these situations simply don't come up. Inspiriaton (and careful thought) saw you through!
26 to 29 Points – Celestial Omen – Inspired by above, or merely lucky guesses? ¿Porqué no los dos?
30 Points – Idol of Destran – You have mastered the even the most esoteric of Eternal lore, which is whatever the hell this card is.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
The bad thing about this type of hack is that now [Tomek Dubrownik] needs to cut a hole in his desk to house the thing. He got this military grade trackball working over USB. It's old, and could be used as a blunt weapon. But as the video shows it still makes a great input device.
He found the hardware on Allegro — a Polish auction site similar to eBay — for just $20. The original circuitry didn't make a lot of sense, but a bit of probing with the old oscilloscope let him establish connections to the encoders which are read by some TI 54xx parts. Apparently they use the same logic as 7400 parts but are military grade. He chose a ATmega32u4 development board for his replacement control board. That chip has native USB support so the rest is just a matter of passing data like an HID input device. His code even lets him use those pushbuttons to toggle between cursor movement and window scrolling.
[Tomek] translated his post into English after some prompting by friends at the Warsaw Hackerspace. Here's the original in Polish if you're interested.
[Thanks Sergiusz]
BERLIN (Reuters) - The U.S. central bank must end its bond-buying program quickly and an end to the program was “in sight”, a senior Federal Reserve official said in a German magazine on Saturday.
Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond President Jeffrey Lacker testifies before the House Financial Services Committee hearing on "Examining How the Dodd-Frank Act Could Result in More Taxpayer-Funded Bailouts" on Capitol Hill in Washington June 26, 2013. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke jolted markets in late May with plans to ease back on stimulus efforts once the economy improves. The Fed is likely to reduce its monthly bond purchases later this year and stop them altogether by mid-2014, as long as the economic recovery unfolds as expected, Bernanke has said.
“We must make our exit from the bond-buying program quick,” Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker, one of the Fed's most fiscally conservative officials and a persistent critic of the latest round of bond buying, said in WirtschaftsWoche.
“An end to these bond purchases came into sight at the latest Fed meeting,” said Lacker, who is not among the Fed policymakers who will vote on monetary policy this year.
Lacker pointed to relatively low inflation and said a faster-than-expected fall in the U.S. jobless rate was sufficient to start winding down the program.
“First of all we should end the monthly purchases of mortgage bonds as quickly as possible,” Lacker said in the interview. It was not the central bank's role to give any sector preferential support, he said.
Lacker said the United States had made hardly any progress in cutting its debt and had instead only come up with temporary solutions for several months at a time.
He said he hoped the Fed's planned scaling back of bond purchases this year and rising interest rates would force the U.S. Congress to agree more quickly on reducing debt. “We need a sustainable solution and the sooner the better,” he said.
Whoever takes the helm at the Fed when Bernanke's term as chairman ends in January 2014 must find a way to exit the bond-buying program without shocking the markets, Lacker said.
He said the quantitative easing program had done little to boost the economy, and the U.S. economy would grow by 2 percent this year and by no more than 2.25 percent next year - lower than the 2.8 percent in 2013 and 3 percent in 2014 forecast by other Fed policymakers - as consumers remain cautious.
Lacker said more needed to be done on drawing up rules to avoid future government bank rescues and said stress tests done in the United States were a step in the right direction.
The Russian Defense Ministry has raised the issue of some 300 Daesh terrorists on pickup trucks infiltrating a US-controlled zone in Syria's al-Tanf region.
The Russian Defense Ministry has urged "the US side to explain its selective blindness regarding militants" operating near US forces in Syria.
The ministry's spokesman said the 300 Daesh militants had tried to block a strategically important road linking Damascus and Deir ez-Zor, which is used for delivering humanitarian aid to civilians and supplies for the Syrian Army.
Aid for Militants: US to Be Responsible for Sabotage of Peace Process in Syria
Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said that the truce in the southern de-escalation zone in Syria could be undermined after the relocation of 600 militants and two convoys with medical aid into the area.
© AP Photo / Militant Photo Russian Aerospace Forces Ready to Prevent Daesh Attacks From Areas Controlled by US in Syria
"Considering such significant reinforcements in terms of manpower, medicine and food, with tacit US approval, one does not have to be an expert to forecast an attempt to derail the truce in the southern de-escalation zone," he said.
According to the spokesman, on October 2-3 a group of 600 militants, previously based in the Rukban refugee camp, located in the American-controlled al-Tanf zone, headed westward in SUVs, and after covering some 300 kilometers entered the southern zone of de-escalation through a former border control point on the Syria-Jordan border in Daraa.
"By another 'strange' coincidence, almost simultaneously, two convoys [30 and 60 metric tons, respectively] carrying medicines and products for the local population entered this de-escalation zone… All humanitarian aid that arrived and, above all, medicines, was unloaded and is under control of the militants who came from al-Tanf. At the same time, according to the available information, these settlements are under the control of al-Nusra Front 'sleeper cells'," he said.
Konashenkov said that meant that the 600 militants who arrived from the US-controlled zone in al-Tanf were either sent to fight these 'cells' for medicines and food, or act jointly with them.
The spokesman underscored the US would solely bear all the responsibility for sabotaging the peace process in Syria.
US Actions in Syria Look Like an Attempt to Split the Country
In his turn, Director of the North America Department at the Russian Foreign Ministry Georgiy Borisenko told Sputnik that US actions near the al-Tanf base in Syria are reminiscent of an attempt to divide the war-torn state:
"Of course, we have a lot of questions about what the Americans are doing in Syria. Unlike the Russian forces, they are there in violation of international law," Borisenko said in an exclusive interview.
"They even establish certain zones, for example, in the al-Tanf area, where they refuse to allow the forces of the legitimate government. In fact, this is reminiscent of an attempt to divide the country, and split Syria in order to create governing bodies controlled by the United States and its allies in certain part [of Syria]," the Russian diplomat stressed.
He recalled that the Russian Defense Ministry, "on the basis of available objective data, draws attention to the fact that in fact, the Americans and the opposition units oriented toward them are actually not fighting Daesh militants.
"We are surprised about it. We will further monitor the situation, but we proceed from the assumption that any flirtation with terrorists is always dangerous and will turn against those who play such games," Borisenko pointed out.
The memorandum on the establishment of four de-escalation zones in Syria was signed in Astana in May 2017. Russia, Iran and Turkey act as the guarantors of the ceasefire process.
Moscow Concerned About Washington's Focus on Ouster of Assad's Government
According to Borisenko, Moscow is alarmed over "the support the US is giving to the forces opposing the legitimate government of Syria."
"Since 2014, we have seen the US military's fictitious strikes on terrorists, something that suggests that the US is more concerned about overthrowing the Syrian government rather than combating Daesh," he said.
Borisenko added that right now, "the US seems to continue to strive to implement this task, set by [former US President] Barack Obama."
Since September 30,2015, Russia has been conducting airstrikes in Syria at the request of the country's government to help its fight against terrorists.
At the same time, the US-led coalition is conducting airstrikes, ground-based and rocket-propelled artillery fire against Daesh in Syria, which hasn't been authorized by the government of President Bashar Assad or the UN Security Council.
The Interplanetary File System (IPFS) sounds like just the kind of futuristic protocol that would coalesce with blockchain, and its inventor, Juan Benet, has big plans for the two decentralized technologies.
By storing multiple copies of data, the IPFS protocol, heralded as a tool for building a more permanent web, makes data more difficult to erase. Notably, it caught the attention of global warming archivists earlier this year when many worried that US government agency data would disappear under the new administration.
But Benet envisions future blockchain applications as well.
Mainly since blockchains have proven an inefficient and expensive way of storing data, Benet believes data, from webpages to PDFs, can be offloaded to another computing layer like IPFS. Since distributed ledgers can be put on top of IPFS for application building, he calls the two systems a “great marriage”.
“If you add it to IPFS and take that hash and put it in a block, you can then use IPFS to browse the transaction and browse the file directly on the web,” he told CoinDesk.
Benet continued:
“IPFS connects all these different blockchains in a way that's similar to how the web connects all these websites together. The same way that you can drop a link on one page that links to another page, you can drop a link in ethereum [for example] that links to zcash and IPFS can resolve all of that.”
The ethereum–zcash example, which is currently in progress, is an interesting one, since this blockchain's developers have previously floated the idea of connecting the two blockchains.
Linking blockchain data
So, how does it work? It's a bit of a complex process, one that's more easily grasped by understanding IPFS and its functionality.
Much like ethereum developers, IPFS developers want to decentralize the internet. The protocol is an experimental replacement for HTTP, the technology currently responsible for delivering webpages like this CoinDesk article to a computer.
But rather than central servers managed by a few companies storing webpages online in the cloud (think Google Docs and emails), IPFS distributes data across a web of computers. A single computer, for instance, could participate in storing a slice of data.
The way this is achieved is through content addressing, hash-linked lists and other technology that's still being worked on today.
With this underpinning, data links can be embedded in other places, such as in blockchains.
“What we have is a situation where you can create a link. You can go into the ethereum blockchain and issue a transaction that links to zcash. You can browse and access the entire ethereum blockchain and the entire zcash blockchain on IPFS,” Benet said.
Effectively, it's a way to abstract away from cryptocurrencies.
“Imagine you're browsing one blockchain,” Benet explained. “You can click through from one to the other, which means that you can write applications that relate the two without those applications having to understand either ethereum or zcash.”
The idea is, if ethereum, zcash and other blockchains can store smaller amounts of data, IPFS can be a tool for linking them and browsing them.
But, while IPFS and MetaMask developers have presented how this would work with the two blockchains, there are still challenges. The biggest hurdle is coming up with one data format to work between all the networks.
Interplanetary ambitions
If this sounds forward-looking, Benet's long-term vision is much stranger, and revolved around the ‘interplanetary' in the protocol's name.
“Yes, we mean it,” Benet said, noting the team is working on versions of today's most popular applications available over IPFS in time for people to travel to Mars.
“By the time SpaceX sends the first people to Mars – or NASA if it's them – we want people to be able to use their normal computer applications there so that they have a good internet experience,” he said.
The idea is an homage to computer scientist and internet pioneer JCR Licklider, who directed ARPANet, one of the precursors to the internet, Benet said. In one of his early memos, the word internet is actually short for ‘Intergalactic network'.
“He had this crazy vision of all these computers hooked up together and this network of networks, and then he wanted to extend it to the whole galaxy,” Benet said.
IPFS is then an extension of Licklider's original vision, one that cryptocurrency and other blockchain technology have expanded on by added immutability and permanence of data.
For now, however, it's watch and wait as the idea tries to stand the test of time.
Earth network image via IPFS
Multiplayer matches that include AI opponents will be a feature of Call of Duty: Black Ops ina mode the game's studio built to include gamers who are disinclined to spend much time in the game's notoriously challenging live multiplayer culture.
Saying there is a large segment of the Call of Duty community that never takes the game online, "Combat Training" is meant to acclimate new players to the maps and match structure of online play, while still serving as a useful practice for mid-level or veteran players.
Combat Training will be a "complete standalone experience," said Mark Lamia, CEO of Treyarch, the studio designing the game. It can accommodate other live players in addition to bots.
It will have its own progression system, partly to keep players from exploiting bot opponents for advancement and currency under the game's new "Call of Duty Points" system.
[Update:] Call of Duty: Black Ops' Combat Training mode will require an online connection, so calling it "offline multiplayer," as this story originally did, is inaccurate.
Correction: An earlier version of this story eroneously showed a photo the Prince Sultan airbase in Saudi Arabia instead of the Rmeilan airfield in Syria.
US troops have taken control of Rmeilan airfield in Syria's northern province of Hasakah to support Kurdish fighters against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), a spokesperson for the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) told Al Jazeera.
The airfield near the city of Rmeilan, which will become the first US-controlled airbase in Syria, was previously controlled by the US-backed Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG).
The airfield is close to Syria's borders with Iraq and Turkey.
"Under a deal with the YPG, the US was given control of the airport. The purpose of this deal is to back up the SDF, by providing weapons and an airbase for US warplanes," Taj Kordsh, a media activist from the SDF told Al Jazeera on Tuesday.
"This airport was previously controlled by the YPG for over two years now. This strategic airport is close to several oil bases - one of the biggest in this area.
"Rmeilan airport was previously used for agricultural purposes by the Syrian government," he said.
Previous reports published by the Syrian Local Coordination Committees say that the US has been preparing and expanding Rmeilan airport for a while now.
When asked by Al Jazeera, a US CENTCOM media operations officer did not confirm or deny the reports.
Kurdish-Arab coalition in Syria forms political wing
The US has previously supplied the SDF with weapons. It also backs the group with its air strikes in their fight against (ISIL) in northern Syria.
The SDF was founded in Syria's mainly Kurdish northeastern region in October 2015, and is made up of at least 15 armed factions - mostly fighters from the YPG and the Free Syrian Army.
The fighters include Christians, Arabs and about 500 foreign fighters, Kordsh said, adding that some groups in Aleppo and Idlib pledged allegiance to the SDF last month.
The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor also reported on Tuesday that the US had taken control of the airbase.
Sourcing activists, the Observatory said the airfield is still being prepared for use by the US.
Dish Network was among the big winners at last week's International CES. The satellite broadcaster introduced what could be the first real over-the-top Internet video competition for traditional pay-TV services.
Dish Network (DISH) said it will launch Sling TV nationwide in the first quarter. For $20 a month, Sling TV will deliver live sports, lifestyle, family, news and information channels, video-on-demand entertainment and the best of online video to broadband-connected devices at home and on the go, the company said Jan. 5 at CES.
At a press event, Dish CEO Joseph Clayton said Sling TV is targeted at millennials who balk at paying for higher-priced cable, telco and satellite TV packages.
Sling TV will be supported by a host of Internet-connected devices, such as Amazon's (AMZN) Google's (GOOGL) Nexus Player, as well as game consoles, smart TVs, PCs, tablets and smartphones.
For $20 a month, Sling TV will offer a "Best of Live TV" package that includes 12 channels: ESPN, ESPN2, TNT, TBS, Food Network, HGTV, Travel Channel, Adult Swim, Cartoon Network, Disney Channel, ABC Family and CNN.
Consumers will be able to add extra channels with add-on packs costing $5 a month. A "Kids Extra" add-on includes Disney Junior, Disney XD, Boomerang, Baby TV and Duck TV. A "News & Info Extra" add-on includes HLN, Cooking Channel, DIY and Bloomberg TV. A "Sports Extra" package is coming soon, Dish said.
Engadget awarded Sling TV its "Best in Show" CES award, after giving it earlier awards for best home theater product and best software app.
"Many of us have been waiting, hoping and even lusting after Sling TV before we'd ever heard of it: an Internet TV service that gives you the channels you love, on any screen, anywhere, without a subscription to traditional cable or satellite TV service," Engadget Editor-in-Chief Michael Gorman wrote . "Sling TV is a big deal, folks. It could very well be the beginning of the end for traditional pay TV here in the U.S."
CNet declared that Sling TV "stole the show" at CES.
"None of the major TV networks (CBS, ABC, Fox, etc.) (is) included, but if you add Sling TV to an over-the-air antenna and/or subscriptions to Hulu Plus or CBS All Access, you're pretty close to a basic cable package for far less money," CNet section editor David Katzmaier wrote.
GoPro, Facebook, other CES winners
A lot of consumer electronics companies came out with action cameras at CES to compete with GoPro (GPRO) . But GoPro emerged with its mindshare lead intact, Rosenblatt Securities analyst Brian Blair said in a note Monday.
"While CES showcased a number of would-be GoPro competition from companies like Sony (SNE), Panasonic and Polaroid, none of them garnered much attention in our view," Blair said. "A number of Chinese manufacturers were additionally showing low end knock-offs of the camera in a variety of colors. If CES is reflective of the current consumer view, there is one player that holds the mindshare in the action-camera genre and it remains unchallenged."
Third-party accessories for GoPro cameras were plentiful at the show in another indicator of GoPro's success, Blair said.
Another big winner at the show was Oculus VR, owned by Facebook (FB). Several pundits noted the long lines at the Oculus booth for people wanting demonstrations of the virtual reality headsets.
Digital ad company Amobee Intelligence put together a list of the most talked about products and companies at CES 2015, based on social network chatter.
Samsung was the most talked-about company on social media at CES with its 4K televisions, advanced washing machines and Internet of Things initiatives, Amobee reported Sunday. Sony came in second for online chatter about CES news, followed by LG and Intel (INTC).
The most buzzed-about car company at the show was Mercedes-Benz, which showed off its concept of a self-driving car. Audi came in second, followed by BMW, Amobee said.
The four-day International CES in Las Vegas ended Friday. It was the largest show to date, drawing more than 170,000 industry professionals. Over 3,600 exhibitors took up more than 2.2 million square feet of exhibit space, show organizer Consumer Electronics Association said Friday.
The Canelo Alvarez-Gennady Golovkin middleweight world championship fight, an action-packed battle that ended in a controversial split draw on Sept. 16 at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, was a smash hit at the gate.
The fight generated $27,059,850 from 17,318 tickets sold, according to figures released Tuesday by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. There were 934 complimentary tickets given out, according to the commission.
The live gate is the third biggest in boxing history, trailing two other megafights in Las Vegas.
The all-time record was set by the May 2, 2015 welterweight world title unification fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao, which generated a stunning $72,198,500 from the sale of 16,219 tickets at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
No. 2 is a fight that took place just three weeks before Canelo-GGG and in the same arena: Mayweather-Conor McGregor. That junior middleweight bout, in which Mayweather exited a two-year retirement and knocked out the UFC star in the 10th round of his professional boxing debut on Aug. 26, banked $55,414,865.79 from 13,094 tickets sold.
"By drawing the third largest gate in [boxing] history, Canelo has demonstrated once again that he is the top draw in our sport," Golden Boy Promotions CEO Oscar De La Hoya, Alvarez's promoter, told ESPN. "And the scary thing is that he's still only 27 years old. As he continues to engage in the kind of hard-fought battles he had with GGG, Canelo's popularity will only continue to soar."
Canelo-GGG shot past the previous No. 3 all-time gate, Mayweather's decision win over Alvarez to unify junior middleweight titles in 2013. That fight, at the MGM Grand Garden Arena, generated a live gate of $20,003,150 from the sale of 16,146 tickets.
Most thought that Golovkin, who retained his middleweight title for the 19th time -- one shy of tying Bernard Hopkins' division record of 20 -- deserved the victory, but he was held to a draw as Dave Moretti scored it 115-113 for Golovkin (37-0-1, 33 KOs), Don Trella had it 114-114 and Adalaide Byrd had Alvarez (49-1-2, 34 KOs) winning by an outrageous score of 118-110, one that even the Nevada commission executive director, Bob Bennett, panned and that Alvarez himself said was too wide.
Golovkin promoter Tom Loeffler and Eric Gomez, president of Golden Boy Promotions, began negotiating a rematch this past weekend. If they make a deal, the sequel is expected to take place on May 5, Cinco de Mayo.
Eugene Schieffelin (January 29, 1827 — August 15, 1906)[1] was an American amateur ornithologist who belonged to the New York Genealogical and Biographical Society and the New York Zoological Society. He was responsible for introducing the European starling (Sturnus vulgaris) to North America.[2]
Early life [ edit ]
Schieffelin was born in New York City on January 29, 1827.[3] He was the seventh son of Henry Hamilton Schieffelin (1783–1865) and Maria Theresa (née Bradhurst) Schieffelin (1786–1872).[4] His father, a prominent lawyer, was named in honor of Governor Henry Hamilton for whom his grandfather Jacob Schieffelin served as secretary for during the American Revolutionary War.[5] Among his siblings was author Samuel Schieffelin,[6] and Bradhurst Schieffelin, a supporter the People's Party. The Schieffelin family was one of the oldest families in Manhattan.[8]
Starling release [ edit ]
In 1890, he released 60 starlings into New York City's Central Park.[9][10] He did the same with another 40 birds in 1891. Schieffelin wanted to introduce all the birds mentioned in the plays of William Shakespeare to North America.[2] He may have also been trying to control the same pests that had been annoying him thirty years earlier, when he sponsored the introduction of the house sparrow to North America.[11]
European starlings were not native to North America. Schieffelin imported the starlings from England. Scientists estimate that descendants from those two original released flocks now number at more than 200 million[12] residing in the United States.
The starlings' wildly successful spread has come at the expense of many native birds that compete with the starling for nest holes in trees.[13] The starlings have also had negative impact on the US economy and ecosystem [14]
His attempts to introduce bullfinches, chaffinches, nightingales, and skylarks were not successful.
Reasons for release [ edit ]
Schieffelin belonged to the American Acclimatization Society,[15] a group that aimed to help exchange plants and animals from one part of the world to another. In the 19th century, such acclimatization societies were fashionable and supported by the scientific knowledge and beliefs of that era, as the effect that non-native species could have on the local ecosystem was not yet known.
European starlings are now considered an invasive species in the United States.[16]
Personal life [ edit ]
Schieffelin was married to Catherine Tonnelé Hall (d. 1910). Catherine was a daughter of Valentine Gill Hall, an Irish immigrant, and Susan (née Tonnelé) Hall and the sister of Valentine Hall Jr., a banker and merchant who was the grandfather of Eleanor Roosevelt. Catherine's uncle was John Tonnelé Jr., the farmer and politician who was a member of the New Jersey State Legislature.[17]
Schieffelin died at the Hartshorn villa in Newport, Rhode Island on August 15, 1906.[1]
A few days ago, a commenter who goes by Susan_G1 brought up an interesting question in response to this post of mine. She addressed it to all frequent readers of the blog:
It seems to be that you spend an inordinate amount of time defining yourselves as who/what you aren't … instead of who/what you are. … Do you not have any better things to do than laugh at theists, or is this your primary identity?
Susan wrote elsewhere that “I don't think it's a great idea to criticize Christian brothers and sisters in public,” and given that preference, I suspect that she is not going to find a whole lot to like on Friendly Atheist.
Nonetheless, where readers could have jumped down her throat, more than a few answered her without getting overly defensive, and it turned into a halfway illuminating discussion in which both sides, overall, showed restraint and understanding. Pretty cool.
Now, as the source of Susan's discomfort (she thought my quiz post was pointlessly mocking; I say there's definitely a point!), I'll confess that my atheism has lately become a bigger part of what I think of as my “primary identity.” But that's only since I started blogging about the topic this past February, at my own place, Moral Compass; a few months later, I began contributing here, at Hemant's invitation.
Both blogs demand content. I'm happy to provide it, even if, yes, it can take a bit of time.
Before that, atheism was just one of dozens if not hundreds of interests that defined me in the sense that Susan means.
I hasten to add that in the United States, I'm in a minority even among atheists, as I didn't grow up with religion as a factor of consequence. Presumably because I was born, raised, and educated in a rapidly secularizing country in Europe, I never thought about my godlessness back then. Like me, my working-class Dutch parents were atheists, but religion (or the absence thereof) likely didn't occupy more than 0.001% of their thoughts. As far as I recall, it was never a topic of conversation at home. My mother liked to occasionally make mild quips about the Pope's birth-control pronouncements, saying “If that old coot doesn't play the game, maybe he shouldn't interfere with its rules, huh?” And that's as far as it went.
My slumbering atheism gradually took on sharper edges after I emigrated to the United States. I saw how pervasive Christianity is on these shores, and how frequently people of faith enjoy perks and privileges — some government-supported — that are out of reach for atheists. At first, that merely surprised me. After some years, as I became less European and more American, it rankled me, because it literally hit me where I now lived.
As a journalist, I've long tried to learn from the best of my peers to scrutinize arguments and opinions (including my own); to corroborate assertions whenever possible; and to not be intimidated by those wielding power (which means that a dash of mockery is often OK). It's a lifelong process, and I've certainly failed at every one of those things more times than I care to recall. But I try. Over time, my bullshit meter became better calibrated, I guess, and it started to go off more insistently when the topic of religion came up.
It's fair to say that my basic outlook in life has long been shaped by nothing so much as skepticism. Lots of people probably think that's a negative, but I find beauty and satisfaction in it. In fact, skepticism is the one thing I most want to impart to my two kids, 8- and 11-year-old girls.
By the time they're ready for real life, I'd love for them to have internalized these intertwined strands:
Educate yourself.
Use your brain and your very best judgment.
Separate fact from fiction.
Most people have agendas. Don't take what they say at face value.
Partisans are boring, and probably wrong.
Be pleasant and kind, but don't be afraid to ask questions.
Question authority.
Play devil's advocate a lot, even if it's to test your own arguments and find out what you really think.
Knowledge trumps belief.
Seek truth even if it comes at the expense of not being universally liked; popularity is overrated.
Don't stay quiet in the face of nonsense and hypocrisy. Especially hypocrisy.
When you see inequality and injustice, do something about it.
If doing something isn't within your power, at least say something, so that the problem is identified and can be fixed.
As a whole, these aren't atheist values per se, but they are at least partly incompatible with most forms of religion. I don't teach my girls to mock or dismiss religion (my wife of 19 years is a progressive, non-church-going Christian, and we've easily managed to find a middle way, with neither parent too keen on exerting undue influence). You'll notice that the words religion and faith aren't even mentioned in my little list. Why? Because I don't have it in for religion as such. However, I do hate poppycock peddlers of all stripes, and religions happen to be very good at attracting inordinate numbers of them. It's gratifying to occasionally knock 'em down a peg.
So, in response to Susan's query, yes, all that is a pretty big part of my identity now — and it's nothing I'd care to to apologize for.
Then again, I'm also a father, a husband, a brother, an entrepreneur, a photographer, a tennis player, a traveler, an educator, a language lover, a graphic design aficionado, a songwriter and home recordist, a coffee enthusiast, a cinephile / audiophile, a homeowner, a driver, a consumer, a taxpayer, an American, a European, a classical liberal, a voter, a reader, a friend, and a slew of other things.
I don't spend my waking hours thinking about which halfwit to take on next; but if deserving targets present themselves through chance or serendipity, as they often do, turning my back is never my first instinct.
(Top image via the Real Revo)
2014 INDIVIDUAL TICKETS
INDIVIDUAL TICKET ONSALE DETAILS
FRIDAY, JANUARY 31 AND SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1
Dodger Stadium & DODGERS.COM
Friday, January 31 individual tickets for the Dodgers 2014 season at Dodger Stadium will go on sale ONLINE ONLY to the general public at 10:00am PT. Tickets to all games except Opening Day will be available for purchase. Saturday, February 1 tickets will be available at Dodger Stadium during FanFest. Tickets to Dodger home games including Angels games and all the new promotional dates will be available!
A select number of fan information handouts will have stickers affixed to them highlighting the opportunity to purchase a limited number of Opening Day tickets. Those with a sticker will be asked to check in at the Lot P ticket booths during FanFest to purchase up to 4 seats to Opening Day which is April 4, 2014. Offer is only valid on February 1. Ticket booths in lot P will be also be open during FanFest for individual ticket sales
Can't wait? Click on one of the following links to view your 2014 Ticket Options. To guarantee tickets to Opening Day, purchase a 30-game or Full Season plan!
Buy Season Tickets
Buy Mini Plans
View Schedule
View Promotions
I got home from a great long run through forest and over field and fen and found a massive box from my Santa on the kitchen table. I picked it up and noted how light it was and thought, "EH, the old "big box-little-trinket" trick!" With a cheeky smile, I unsheathed my hand-made traditional Sami knife known as a "Stuorraniibi" or "big knife" that I keep on my ankle at all times. I plunged the blade into the box hoping in that moment that the gift wasn't a box full of puppies! Lo and behold, I had gotten the greatest gift I have ever received: THE X5C EXPLORER 2.4 G REMOTE CONTROL QUADCOPTER!!! Seriously, i was not expecting this level of epicness in my gift and I am so grateful. This gift is going to be put to amazing use. Thank you so much, santa! You are the man! I am blown away and humbled by the thoughtfulness and kindness of this stranger... Thank you so much. This is the beginning of a great holiday season! All my best wishes!
Now the world can look up at the sky and see my robot copter camera machine flying through the air....in a ...friendly way .....that isn't threatening or creepy at all! ;)
Thanks again for a great gift! I wish you well!
arc4random in libressl 2.0.2
There seems to be a series of public critiques of the portable libressl, i'll follow these trends here. (Shouldn't have.. further discussions cannot be followed this way).
TL;DR: the fixes in 2.0.2 are wrong questionable progress of a kind.
The 2.0.2 release added further entropy source to getentropy_fallback: the base addresses of the shared objects in the application are hashed into the entropy pool using the non-standard dl_iterate_phdr api. It is still an open question whether using the fallback entropy sources is reasonable practice: they may be observable to an attacker by other means, so it is not clear how many secret bits are added and the application does not know when the fallback path was taken.
The most significant change in 2.0.2 is a workaround in arc4random to avoid information leak to a forked child via the internal state of the prng. The issue has a detailed explanation in the blog post where it was reported.
The workaround is registering a callback with pthread_atfork (or __register_atfork) that sets a global flag in the child so the prng is reseeded next time arc4random is called. Slightly simplified version of the arc4random code from libressl:
/* Marked MAP_INHERIT_ZERO, so zero'd out in fork children. */ static struct { ... size_t rs_count; /* bytes till reseed */ } *rs; /* Preserved in fork children. */ static struct { ... u_char rs_buf[RSBUFSZ]; } *rsx; static void forkhandler(void) { if (rs) rs->rs_count = 0; } #ifdef __GLIBC__ extern void *__dso_handle; #endif static void init(...) { ... if (!rs) { if ((rs = mmap(...)) == MAP_FAILED) abort(); #ifdef MAP_INHERIT_ZERO if (minherit(rs, sizeof(*rs), MAP_INHERIT_ZERO) == -1) abort(); #else #ifdef __GLIBC__ __register_atfork(0, 0, forkhandler, __dso_handle); #else pthread_atfork(0, 0, forkhandler); #endif #endif } ... } static void stir(void) { if (getentropy(p, n) == -1) raise(SIGKILL); if (!rs) init(p, n); ... } ... static void random_u32(uint32_t *val) { ... stir_if_needed(); ... memcpy(val, keystream, sizeof(*val)); ... } static pthread_mutex_t mtx = PTHREAD_MUTEX_INITIALIZER; uint32_t arc4random(void) { uint32_t val; pthread_mutex_lock(&mtx); random_u32(&val); pthread_mutex_unlock(&mtx); return val; }
pthread_atfork (and __register_atfork)
This article used to have an elaborate description about the brokenness of forkhandler registered by pthread_atfork. Matthew Dempsky (OpenBSD developer) showed me in a mail that i was wrong, so this part got updated including an explanation why i still think that using pthread_atfork is problematic. (2014-07-17)
Original (wrong) argument (abbreviated):
A multi-threaded application may call fork if it only calls async-signal-safe functions in the child. An application may call fork from an async signal handler with the same constraint: the code running in the child must be async-signal-safe. So the forkhandler registered by pthread_atfork (or __register_atfork) must be async-signal-safe otherwise previously correct applications will invoke undefined behaviour with the new libressl version.
forkhandler is not async-signal-safe, because it accesses global state (that is not sig_atomic_t or lock-free atomic). The accessed objects (rs and rs->rs_count) are even protected by a pthread mutex so it seems it would be a data-race calling such a function concurrently with another thread violating thread-safety.
Correction:
forkhandler is formally not async-signal-safe but it is safe to use here:
the rs object is constant because it is only modified before the forkhandler is registered thus there is no data race or async-signal-safety issue. (Note: ISO C and POSIX says that even constant objects have unspecified value in a signal handler, which is an old bug in the standard, in practice this was never an issue, see ISO C DR461, POSIX #728, ISO C++ n3910)
the rs->rs_count object may be concurrently modified when fork is called from another thread (or signal handler), but the child after fork is a single threaded process that cannot affect the parent and thus there is no data race. The semantics of code running after fork is not specified by ISO C (C has no fork), in POSIX the requirement for a multi-threaded process is that the child must be async-signal-safe. In practice the situation after fork in a child is similar to an async signal handler that never returns. So rs->rs_count has unspecified value in the child, but it is only written to, this would not be safe in a signal handler when it returns, but safe after fork.
But..
I still think this is not a happy ending: pthread_atfork is a broken API. POSIX is already on the way to deprecate this function and adds warnings about issues with multi-threaded usage and about the async-signal-safety requirement for child handlers as discussed.
It is hard to use safely from a thread-safe library, because
global state access in the library around fork is problematic (libressl handles this fine if my updated analysis is correct),
and it requires global state management in the C runtime (this is a libc issue and may observably affect applications using the new libressl with pthread_atfork)
Examples where pthread_atfork can cause C runtime issues:
application dlopening and dlclosing a library that registers callbacks with pthread_atfork (without the application's knowledge). On some (arguably broken) implementations this can crash the application at the next fork when non-existent callbacks are invoked. Theo de Raadt (OpenBSD developer) notes that in case of glibc (on Linux), libressl uses __register_atfork which handles the dlclose issue, but on OSX there is no known alternative. (2014-07-17)
On some (arguably broken) implementations pthread_atfork breaks the async-signal-safety of fork. (pthread_atfork has to mask all signals when it accesses global state and guard against concurrent access from multiple threads as well and allow the registration of new handlers from an atfork handler, these are non-trivial to do correctly, indeed no libc gets them right to my knowledge) (2014-07-21).
So i still stand by my previous conclusion, the leaked prng information should not be worked around, instead applications using fork in unsafe ways should be fixed:
a library cannot easily hide its secrets if the application uses fork unreasonably and
an application cannot know all the secrets in all the different libraries it uses so trying workarounds like RAND_poll to hide them is futile: after fork a lot of unwanted information will be exposed to the child anyway.
The only reasonable solution is to deprecate fork in the multi-threaded world (and use posix_spawn instead when possible), unsafe usage of fork in applications makes safe library development impossible.
The other conclusion is that library safety is hard to guarantee when mutable global state is involved: without the global random state there would be no safety problem here.
failure handling
The library does not report resource allocation failures, instead it aborts so it cannot be used in a robust application that is expected to work in low-memory situations.
It also crashes if entropy gathering fails. (uses SIGKILL instead of abort to avoid secrets showing up in a core dump, note that secrets maybe possible to protect with MADV_DONTDUMP madvise flag in recent kernels and keep in memory with mlock, but in general this should not be the concern of a library).
pthread_atfork and __register_atfork return value is not checked (so if the libc could not store the handler it will be silently omitted unlike in the case of the failure of minherit).
I don't think there is a perfect solution given the api requirements, in general hiding possibly failing syscalls behind apis without error return is not a good design. Maybe a modern TLS library should be designed from scratch instead of trying to clean up OpenSSL?
2014-07-16,2014-07-17,2014-07-21 - nsz at port70.net
From the time she was 16 until last Thursday, Houser worked at her local Chili's restaurant in Whitehall, Pennsylvania.
Just a few days after Houser began the job at 16, the restaurant got a new manager, Josh Davidson, who was 24 at the time. Houser said Davidson quickly took interest in her, and for two years, sexually harassed and relentlessly pursued a relationship with her.
"[The] new manager found particular interest in me and began forcing me to go on dates with him," Houser told BuzzFeed News. "He would just show up to my house uninvited and say he was outside and I had to come with him.
"Over a two-year period, it just kind of escalated into him providing me with gifts of significance and money and flowers and cards and things that I wasn't really accepting of, things that made me extremely uncomfortable because I was not sure what he expected of me from these gifts," she said.
Things only got worse when she turned 18 on April 26 last year, Houser said.
"On my 18th birthday, he showed up to my high school in the parking lot and just kind of rampaged me with gifts and asked me to officially be his girlfriend in front of a bunch of people," she said. "I said no, and he replied in a very pompous way, saying he didn't care if he got fired if we were together, and he didn't care if he lost his job because he just wanted to be with me."
Houser said Davidson continued pursuing her for months, even showing up to her house in the middle of the night multiple times.
"In August, the last time he showed up to my house around 2:30 in the morning, he gave me a card with hundreds of dollars in it, to which I gave it back and kind of told him to just really back off of me, because I was so obviously not interested in him and did not want to be with him," she said.
After this, Houser said, Davidson started "being verbally and even physically weird and abusive towards me at work." She brushed it off and didn't take any action right away.
"But then he started taking interest in another young girl," Houser said. "And that's when I decided I should report the situation, because even though I came out of the situation fine, I don't know how another young girl is going to feel."
Davidson did not immediately respond to BuzzFeed News on the allegations.
The emerging field of "synthetic biology" holds great promise for producing new medicines, cleaning up the environment, and providing alternative energy sources and other benefits, but the U.S. government needs to take precautions to ensure that laboratory-made microbes do not cause unexpected catastrophes, the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues has concluded in its first report (read the executive summary).
The 188-page report, released Thursday, was praised by advocates of the technology, independent bioethicists and others. But it was criticized by those seeking tougher protections and tighter government oversight of the controversial field. President Obama requested the study after the Rockville-based J. Craig Venter Institute had announced in May the creation of the first "synthetic cell."
"Synthetic biology, as exemplified by the creation of the first synthetic genome to be injected into a living cell, is a significant breakthrough that holds out great promise," said Amy Gutmann, president of the University of Pennsylvania and head of the 13-member commission. "We have an unprecedented opportunity to recommend to the government that its oversight be ongoing but that it not overrreact with a moratorium that would stifle scientific progress."
The report provides evidence that Obama's bioethical advisers plan to take a different approach than their predecessors. President George W. Bush's Council on Bioethics issued reports addressing a variety of contentious issues - human embryonic stem cells, cloning, animal-human hybrids, aging and memory - that often offered a philosophical, often critical appraisal of emerging technologies. Critics said the council was providing support for a more ideological approach to science.
The new panel, which has three commissioners who are federal officials, was tasked with providing more practical and less ideological or esoteric advice about government regulation.
"It's a complete 180 from the prior council," said Arthur Caplan, a University of Pennsylvania bioethicist who testified before the commission. "It sees its mission, and says so very overtly, as getting involved in practical policy guidance. We're not getting the philosophical treatise treatment from this council."
Synthetic biology involves creating bacteria, viruses, algae and other organisms in a lab for potential applications. Scientists hope such creations will be used for a range of purposes, such as to produce new medicines, eat toxic waste and churn out new fuels, plastics and other products.
But the field has also generated concerns, including fears that scientists may inadvertently create organisms that could cause new diseases or devastate the environment by upsetting delicate ecosystems or destroying wildlife. Some are also worried that terrorists will use the technology to create new biological weapons. Such concerns have been heightened by the burgeoning "do-it-yourself" community of amateur biologists tinkering with genes. Some ethicists and theologians have also questioned whether the field raises moral issues by potentially creating entirely new forms of life or hybrids.
Venter, a prominent and pioneering geneticist, focused attention on the field in May when scientists working at his institute announced that they had created a cell controlled entirely by genetic instructions synthesized in the laboratory.
In the report released Thursday, which was prepared based on three public hearings in Washington, Philadelphia and Atlanta, the commission concludes that although Venter's work represented a significant advance, it "does not amount to creating life as either a scientific or a moral matter" and that the field remains "in the early stages," with any dangers far in the future.
The commission issued 18 recommendations designed to "minimize the risks and foster innovation." They include coordinating regulation of the field; reviewing federal funding within 18 months; making sure any entities released into the environment include safeguards, such as "suicide genes," that would prevent their inadvertent spread; and fostering the creation of "a biology equivalent to FactCheck.org, in which a private group would track statements about the science and offer an independent view of the truth of such claims."
The report was praised by several bioethicists and others as striking the proper balance. BIO, a trade group representing the industry, said it was "well reasoned, balanced and thoughtful." In a statement, Venter called the report's recommendations "wise, warranted and restrained, which will help to ensure that this young field of research will flourish in a positive manner."
A spokesman at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy called the report a "thoughtful analysis" and said it concluded that "the main moral issue focuses on weighing the risks and benefits of these new technologies."
"We appreciate the commission's main conclusion that synthetic biology does not currently pose novel safety or ethical issues that require the creation of new oversight bodies," the spokesman said.
Others were critical. Allison A. Snow, a professor of evolution, ecology and organismal biology at Ohio State University, said the report "sends a mixed message that is too watered down." A coalition of more than 30 environmental groups sent a joint letter to the commission criticizing the failure to call for tougher precautions, including a moratorium until scientists prove such organisms are safe.
"Our main concern is the potential environmental impacts of synthetic biology," said Eric Hoffman of Friends of the Earth, one of the groups that sent the letter. "We think it is a potentially very dangerous technology."
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki announced a new, eight-point initiative Wednesday [Sept. 4] to solve the Syrian crisis. The initiative includes compelling the regime, as well as the opposition, to bring the fighting to an immediate halt. It also proposes holding “a dialogue between the regime and the opposition under international and Arab supervision, in addition to the refusal of foreign intervention in Syrian affairs and any military operation targeting the state and Syrian lands.”
Meanwhile, the Iraqiya list, headed by Ayad Allawi, accused unnamed figures and parties of “working according to an Iranian agenda,” since they are opposed to the strike against the Syrian regime. The Maliki-led State of Law Coalition, however, called on “aligning in anticipation of the repercussions of the worsening of the Syrian situation.”
During his weekly speech, Maliki said, “We are setting forth a new initiative before Arab leaders to solve the Syrian crisis, as part of our duty toward an issue pertaining to Arab national security at a critical historical turning point.”
Maliki explained that the initiative is comprised of eight points: “A call for an immediate and comprehensive cease-fire throughout all Syrian territory; the cessation of operations providing money and arms to any party of the conflict; the withdrawal of all foreign fighters from Syrian lands; providing support to the neutral investigation conducted by the United Nations regarding the use of chemical weapons; a refusal of foreign intervention in Syrian affairs and any military operation targeting the state and Syrian lands; a commitment to not using Arab lands to strike Syria or any other country; the establishment of an Arab fund to support the return of displaced Syrians and the reconstruction of Syria; compelling both the regime and the opposition to launch direct negotiations, with a timeline and under Arab and international supervision, and setting a road map for free elections in Syria, followed by a peaceful rotation of power.
“Our national and moral duty leads us to reiterate, at this historic moment, that we support the right of the Syrian people to determine their fate without foreign intervention. Everyone should take their hands off of Syria and stop providing arms to either of the parties to the conflict,” Maliki said, adding, “History will not have mercy on us if we encourage a military attack against any Arab country or any member of the Arab League. Our people will be embarrassed by our stance when the aggression occurs, and we only content ourselves with verbal denunciation and meaningless statements, while we have already supported military action and given it the green light through actions, money and political decisions.”
Maliki continue: “Our brothers — the leaders of Arab countries and their peoples — should not forget that supporting a military strike against Syria will set a precedent that [can be] enforced on all Arab countries. If we accepted the strike on Syria, we would be legitimizing any prospective aggression and accepting the conducting of strikes against Egypt, Algeria, Lebanon, Yemen and all other Arab countries without exception. This is something we do not wish to befall any Arab country.”
“When the conflict worsened and news emerged about the use of chemical weapons, which is internationally prohibited, we denounced this criminal act and considered it to be a crime against humanity, regardless of the party responsible. We called on conducting a neutral investigation to determine the responsible party and hold it accountable.”
Maliki expressed his surprise at “the stance of some countries, which, like Iraq, were burned by the heat of terrorism, and at this flagrant disparity in stances. How can we fight terrorism in our country while supporting and reinforcing it in another?”
Maliki asked: “Didn't al-Qaeda attack New York ... as well as Paris, Madrid, London, Algeria, Riyadh, Yemen and Egypt? Didn't it carry out car bombings and kill Iraqi civilians in markets, mosques and universities?”
Maliki recalled the “Baghdad Declaration” that the government presented during the annual Arab Summit held in Baghdad in 2012. He said, “[The declaration] represents a just solution to the Syrian crisis,” noting that “the document expressed our visions toward the crisis, our official stance and our early interpretation of the risks imposed by the continuity [of the crisis]. It suggested a peaceful solution that keeps Syria away from the bloodshed that has come to pass in the past two years.”
On the other side, Haidar al-Mulla, an MP for the Iraqiya list, said in a media conference on Sept. 4, “Our stance is always to support the people, not the regimes. That is why we are opposed to the use of military force against the Syrian people, since we experienced American stupidity on the Iraqi scene.”
He added, “Some Iraqi political parties and figures constituted a lobby group and began making political moves prior to 2003, to convince the US to strike Iraq and topple the former political regime,” noting that “these same figures are now opposed to the use of force against Syria.”
He continued, “There is a disparity in the stance of these parties, since they are working according to an Iranian agenda and are in harmony with it.” Mulla said, “The strike on Syria is not in favor of the Iranian regime, because it wants to act freely.”
“Being stuck in Iran's orbit is the main reason behind the current decay of Iraq,” Mulla stressed.
Mulla expressed his surprise in regard to the decisions taken by the Basra and Karbala councils, which prohibit Mulla from being hosted in the departments of these provinces. Mulla reiterated his objection to photos of Iranian leaders being hung in the streets of Baghdad and other provinces.
The parliamentary session of last week witnessed a heated dispute between Shiite and Sunni MPs, following Mulla's demand that photos of Ruhollah Khomeini and Ali Khamenei be removed from the streets. A committee headed by former Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari was formed to investigate this issue.
Hussein al-Safi, an MP for the State of Law Coalition, said on Sept. 4 that Mulla's statement instigates “sectarianism.” He told Al-Hayat, “Today, we desperately need to align together and leave sectarian disputes behind, especially given that the region would witness dangerous developments if a military intervention in Syria occurred.” He added, “The timing of sectarian escalation on the part of the Iraqiya list is intentional and aimed at deteriorating the political situation in the country and shuffling the cards.”
By: Yana Weinstein and Jennifer McCabe
A few months into our blog, we received an e-mail from Dr. Jennifer McCabe at Goucher College telling us about an assignment she had implemented for her upper-level seminar on the topic of "Cognition, Teaching, and Learning." We were very flattered to learn that Dr. McCabe was using our blog as the basis of the assignment! Since then, I (Yana) adapted that assignment and also gave it to students in my Advanced Seminar in Cognitive Psychology class.
This got us thinking that the assignments we created might actually be a useful template for any teacher or professor who wants to incorporate a blog-writing assignment for their students. This assignment could be set in a psychology or education class (lower or upper level), a more general writing class, or a class on virtually any topic. The instructions below describe how we created a blog-writing assignment around “The Learning Scientists” blog. Feel free to use them if this blog is relevant to your class, or simply adapt the guidelines to fit a different blog!
All you need before you can get started on creating the assignment is a relevant, high-quality blog. Optional bonus: if this is a blog you run, you could offer publication of the best pieces to your students. If not, you could write to the blog owner and ask them if they might consider guest post submissions. In our case, we welcome submissions for guest posts from exceptional student writers. In fact, two of Dr. McCabe's students' final blog projects are in the process of being edited for publication in the blog – look out for them over the next couple of weeks!
Step 1: Students Read Blog Posts
There are tons of golf instruction articles out there that tell you how to practice. The problem with them is that every golfer isn't created equal (sorry, spoiler alert). The way Jason Day practices is not how Joe 20-Handicap should practice.
There's a trend right now in golf instruction articles; so many of them are saying how bad it is to just go out and hit 7 iron after 7 iron or hit three buckets of balls. They sing the praise of visualization and practicing shots you see out on the course. They want you to play competitive games on the range that simulate pressure.
For most players who have been playing golf for a while, I couldn't agree more. These ways of practicing are great… once you have found your swing or have lowered your handicap enough.
Beginners
The truth is that a beginning golfer would benefit a lot more from smacking 7 irons for two hours then they would hit one 7 iron and then moving to a driver, then a sand wedge, and so on. That beginner may not have the movement pattern ingrained just yet, or he or she may struggle with different-length clubs.
I also encourage all my beginners to tee the ball up: all of them, all the time. This includes shots on the course. Learning the golf swing is hard enough without adding in the complexities of deep rough, tight lies, and slope. Introducing those variables all at once is a recipe for disaster for a beginning golfer. The last thing I want any beginner to do is quit, and if teeing the ball up helps them get the ball in the air more often and progress the ball a little further, then I'm all for it. The more fun they have, the more likely they are to come back.. and that also makes it more likely they will get better at the golf.
Joe 20-Handicap
Then there is Joe 20-handicap. He has been playing for 15 years and is a member at the local club. He gets to play on weekends and tries his best to get in a practice session or two on the range. Oh, he also has a 50-hour work week, a wife, and two kids.
Joe barely has time to play golf on Saturday morning, let alone go to the range for marathon practice sessions. I would recommend that he take a lesson at the beginning, middle and end of the season. Each lesson will give him a small piece of something to work on, so if Joe can find 5 minutes to sneak to the garage to swing a club, he should take that time as a golden ticket. Those 5 minutes should be spent being very mechanical and focusing on one or two positions in his swing he knows he has to get to. All he is trying to do is develop the feel he needs to hit the shot he wants. The beauty of the short sessions is Joe can put them in almost every day, and that is huge to keep him motivated.
The “Players”
Lastly, there are the “players.” Players are golfers who we all envy; they somehow have the greatest jobs in the world, the most understanding significant others, a single-digit handicap, and the swing of a tour pro. These golfers are always at the club; they get to play two-to-three times per week and you can always find them on the range grinding away. The best part about these golfers is that they have the time to get better, which is the best training aid anyone can ever buy. They should spend as much time as they can out on the course: not just playing the course, but creating shots, playing games, mixing up tee boxes, and playing for some spare change. When they do get to the range, they should be working on routine and visualizations. They should play games and challenge themselves on every shot. Every shot has to have a purpose.
—
All golfers are different, and that they need to look at their practice different. Next time, before you hit the range or the course, think about what will benefit your game the most and don't be afraid to change your normal routine.
Ms Ruston said he violently raped and abused her - a pattern he would repeat for the next 13 years, eventually allowing his brothers to visit her and prostituting her out to other men.
She said: "I can still see that bedroom, the corner where I would rock in pain. Although after a while I stopped feeling pain, I think my body shut down.
"And I can smell it - the can I used as a toilet, the garlic he reeked of. I got to the point where I didn't know what life was."
Ms Huston described how she clung on to sanity by talking to her late grandmother - and by looking at a small photo of her first boyfriend, Jamie, she hid under a floorboard.
Over the years she became pregnant and had four babies, but each was sold by Malik soon after birth, she claimed.
She said: "I barely held any of my babies, I did not get the chance to be a mother to them."
Ms Ruston said she tried to escape but became terrified after she was badly beaten for daring to make the attempt, and repeatedly tried to kill herself.
She said she would have eventually succeeded had it not been for a health visitor who helped her escape while the family were distracted.
Finally free, she claimed she was again shunned by her mother - who never tried to find her while she was missing - but found happiness with Jamie, who had been in the Army, going on to have four children together.
For years she told him she had moved away after being in hospital with anorexia, only telling him the truth last year.
Ms Ruston said: "He went away for a day, I thought I had lost him, that he would judge me. But he came back and just hugged me."
In cases of modern-day slavery, police should not always need a victim's evidence to take action, according to Kevin Hyland, the independent anti-slavery commissioner.
He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "It doesn't always need a victim to give evidence. Sometimes there are ways of collating evidence without a victim.
"That's why I've been saying continuously and in my annual report to Parliament this year, saying this is serious organised crime and policing needs to use the same techniques, the same level of resources, like it does for other serious and organised crime."
Earlier today, it was revealed that the US Secret Service is investigating a Facebook post from Missouri state Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal, in which she stated: “I hope Trump is assassinated!” She deleted her comments after she realized the sh*t-storm she had started by openly calling for the assassination of our president.
Shortly after the news broke about the vile comments the Democrat MO state senator made, “I Hope Trump Is Assassinated” began to trend on Twitter, a social-media platform that has been criticized for shutting down conservative and libertarian voices, while allowing leftist hate speech to flourish.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to 100PercentFedUp.com updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: OSCARS 2019: A Hot Mess Of Leftist Politics and Activism On Display [Video]
Conservative comedian Mark Dice tweeted to Twitter CEO @Jack to ask why he's allowing “I Hope Trump Is Assassinated” to trend on the social media platform.
https://twitter.com/MarkDice/status/898309587807256576
This Twitter user wants to know how conservative Twitter accounts get banned “left and right” but “I Hope Trump Is Assassinated” is allowed to trend on Twitter:
"I Hope Trump Is Assassinated" 🇺🇸Conservative twTwitterccounts get banned left and right, but this trends. Disgusting liberal animals pic.twitter.com/BXGwtX6BtK — Mike (@Fuctupmind) August 17, 2017
As usual, Paul Joseph Watson of Infowars had the best response to the sickening trend:
"I hope Trump is assassinated" is trending on Twitter. But it's the right that has a problem with violence. CNN told me. — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) August 17, 2017
Here are just a few examples of tweets from the left wishing our current president would be assassinated:
I've never wished misfortune on anyone but with all my fuckin heart I hope trump is assassinated before he runs us into the ground
Fuck him — AnalogGirl (@NastyNatt_) January 24, 2017
i hope trump is assassinated by a disabled latino muslim lesbian — Mars (@MrMsMars) November 9, 2016
https://twitter.com/cultagb/status/796219032923963392
Gay, Jewish conservative and former Breitbart writer, Milo Yiannopoulis woke up to find his Twitter account shut down for what Twitter considered to be “hate speech” for holding liberals accountable for their actions.
For anyone who would like to give Twitter the benefit of the doubt, and may believe the people who monitor “hate speech” at Twitter haven't noticed the horrific trend by the left quite yet, check out this tweet by @CURRENTLYANGRY (You don't say?), that's still up on Twitter from December 13, 2015:
Judge Elenisse Leyva delivered a verdict of not guilty after the prosecutor decided to drop charges, saying the drugs could have been concealed in the secret compartment of the minivan without the teens knowing.
Federal police in November detained Sergio Torres Duarte, 18, and his friend Julio Cesar Moreno, 19, at a checkpoint near the Pacific Coast resort city of Mazatlan, as they travelled to a soccer match. Officers discovered a kilogram of cocaine hidden under the minivan's dashboard and booked them at a nearby jail.
The Torres family bought the vehicle for $3,900 at a U.S. Customs and Border Protection auction in February 2012. After the young men were arrested, they discovered that the blue 2004 Toyota Sienna had been seized by American authorities in October 2011 for hiding bundles of cocaine.
U.S. officials acknowledged earlier this year in a letter to Mexican prosecutors that they may have failed to find all the drugs in the minivan.
Every brick of drugs confiscated in an inspection at the international bridge in Pharr, Texas had the word "Good" written with a black marker, just like the one seized by Mexican police a year afterward, Torres' father said. In July, the family began a media campaign to draw attention to what they said was "an error by the U.S."
"We proved our innocence and thanks to God we are now free men," Torres said after leaving jail on Friday.
Torres' father, also named Sergio Torres, said the family is so glad their son is free that they haven't considered filing a lawsuit for damages. "We are happy just by having these guys back with us," the father said.
There have been similar past cases of people being arrested for drugs they didn't know had been previously hidden in their vehicle.
The Mexican army arrested two men in 2002 after finding 22 packages of marijuana in a secret compartment of their SUV, also bought at a U.S. government auction. An appeals court threw out their five-year sentence after ruling the drugs had been hidden in the vehicle before they bought it.
Edited by Steve Wilson
Story highlights Julian Zelizer says the lesson for Democrats from the Sally Yates firing is that they have to do everything they can to oppose the confirmation of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General and to block Trump's agenda
(CNN) — The resistance to President Trump's controversial ban on refugees is growing. What started at the grassroots level with spontaneous protests at airports and on city streets is now reaching into higher levels of government.
Frustrated with a President who seems to be running roughshod over American policy, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, an Obama appointee, announced she would not defend the order. Yates said she would refuse to put the power of the Department of Justice behind this measure in the courts. Human rights, civil rights, and civil liberties supporters were bolstered by her defiance.
Then Trump fired her by a hand-delivered letter, revealing the fragility of the opposition to this administration. Even with this blowup, it still does not seem that the Republican Senate, eager to secure this moment of unified government, will do anything to jeopardize Senator Jeff Sessions' confirmation as Attorney General. And from everything we know, Sessions will be much more than merely willing to enforce this order and anything else that comes from the Trump White House involving immigration and refugees in the coming years.
For the baby boom generation, the string of events brings back painful memories of the Saturday Night Massacre of 1973 when Attorney General Elliot Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus refused to carry out President Richard Nixon's orders to fire special prosecutor Archibald Cox who was investigating the Watergate scandal that ultimately forced Nixon from office. "Nixon discharges Cox for Defiance; Abolishes Watergate Task Force; Richardson and Ruckelshaus Out," read the headlines of The New York Times.
The flareup at the Justice Department reveals the high stakes for Democrats in the confirmation hearings. Until now, the Democrats have been remarkably passive as the Trump administration threw red meat to conservatives in Congress with appointees who promise to move forward with what is shaping up to be a radical agenda on domestic and national security policy.
Read More
U.S. assault troops approach Utah Beach in a barge on June 6, 1944, as allied forces storm the Normandy beaches on D-Day. (Photo: AFP)
To go or not to go?
It was 70 years ago this week that Gen. Eisenhower's chief meteorologist, Group Capt. James Martin Stagg, made one of the most important weather forecasts of all time. Defying his colleagues, he advised Ike to postpone the invasion of Normandy by one day from June 5, 1944, to June 6, because of uncertain weather conditions.
A new book by author John Ross — "The Forecast for D-Day" — sees that forecast as a pivotal moment in world history.
"A bad forecast would jeopardize the entire operation," Ross writes in the book. "If he gave the word to 'go,' and the weather turned sour, the lives of thousands of men and massive amounts of equipment would be lost.
"If he did not go and the weather was good, Germans might have spied the massive build-up in southern England and the elements of the invasion fleet headed for Normandy. The odds that the Allies' plans would have been discovered would increase exponentially," Ross notes.
Stagg — who was actually a geophysicist by training — and his fellow British and American meteorologists were operating without any of the technology and equipment that today's forecasters take for granted, such as satellites, weather radar, computer modeling and instant communications.
Relying mainly on surface observations from military and civilian weather observers in the British Isles and in western Europe and a few military observers at sea, predicting the weather more than a day or two in advance in that era was unrealistic.
Additionally, weather prediction in England and Europe — especially before the advent of satellites — was much trickier than forecasting in the USA. Here in the states, even in that era, weather systems could be tracked for days after hitting the West Coast and moving east, while European forecasters were often operating "blind" with the empty ocean to the west.
Predicting the exact timing, track and strength of these storms put Group Capt. Stagg and his colleagues under almost unimaginable pressure and conflict, Ross noted, with the fate of the war and perhaps the world hanging in the balance.
What troubled the meteorologists in the days leading up to D-Day was a parade of storms that barreled across the Atlantic and into the British Isles, any one of which would have stirred up the dangerous waters of the English Channel where the fleet was gathering, and provided unwelcome cloud cover for the aerial assault of Normandy.
Gen. Eisenhower's chief meteorologist, Group Capt. James Martin Stagg of the U.K. Met Office. (Photo: U.K. Met Office)
The invasion was originally scheduled for the morning of June 5, but the weather forecast was bad enough for Stagg to advise Ike to postpone it by one day, despite protests from his fellow meteorologists, who felt the weather would be good enough for the mission to take place.
But had it remained June 5, heavy seas, high winds and thick cloud cover from a potent storm centered north of Scotland would likely have caused the invasion to fail and set world history on a different course.
While far from perfect, the weather on the morning of June 6 was good enough for the invasion to proceed successfully.
Had the mission not gone on June 6, the next window would have been a full two weeks later, when tides and moonlight were right. On that day two weeks later, a completely un-forecast gale would have caused the invasion to fail.
Ross said that had the invasion failed, the secrecy about when and where the Allies would land would be lost, victory in Europe would have been delayed for a year, and the Soviet Union might have taken control of the continent.
Years later, during their ride to the Capitol for his inauguration, President-elect John F. Kennedy asked President Eisenhower why the Normandy invasion had been so successful.
Ike's answer: "Because we had better meteorologists than the Germans!"
The Forecast for D-day: And the Weatherman behind Ike's Greatest Gamble, by John Ross, is published by Lyons Press, an imprint of Globe Pequot Press, and is available from Amazon.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1h5EdCF
Includes 2 items: Total War: Attila and Viking Forefathers Culture Pack
Against a darkening background of famine, disease and war, a new power is rising in the great steppes of the East. With a million horsemen at his back, the ultimate warrior king approaches, and his sights are set on Rome…
The next instalment in the multi award-winning PC series that combines turn-based strategy with real-time tactics, Total War: ATTILA casts players back to 395 AD. A time of apocalyptic turmoil at the very dawn of the Dark Ages.
How far will you go to survive? Will you sweep oppression from the world and carve out a barbarian or Eastern kingdom of your own? Or will you brace against the coming storm as the last remnants of the Roman Empire, in the ultimate survival-strategy challenge?
The Scourge of God is coming. Your world will burn.
The Viking Forefathers Culture Pack adds The Norsemen as a new playable culture to Total War™: ATTILA. These factions may be used in Single or Multiplayer Campaign modes and Custom and Multiplayer battles.
With the Viking Forefathers at their command, players can marshal the forces of The Geats, The Jutes and The Danes as they launch southwards from their icy homelands on campaigns of looting, raiding and conquest. In the bitter, windswept north, hard winters breed hard men, and Norse warriors are redoubtable in combat on land and sea. To these natural seafarers and expert coastal raiders, the plentiful lands to the south promise glorious victories and great plunder!
Features
Apocalyptic destruction mechanics
Wield the ferocious power of fire in battle to set buildings ablaze and terrify defenders, or wipe entire cities and regions from the face of the campaign map with the new raze mechanic.
Legendary start position
Playing as the Western Roman Empire you will begin with vast territories under your control, but weakened by political in-fighting and threatened on all sides by enemies, your dominance will quickly become a struggle to survive.
Overhauled game mechanics
Improved core gameplay and UI through the latest optimised and modified Total War game mechanics, including politics, family tree, civic management and technological progression.
Incredible period detail
With new period-specific technologies, arms and armaments, religion, cultures and social upheaval, Total War: ATTILA delivers an authentic experience of this ominous chapter of our history.
Outstanding visual fidelity
Improvements and optimisations to both campaign and battle visuals create a chilling vision of a looming apocalypse and the ruin of the civilized world. With breath-taking scale, atmosphere and improved graphical performance, witness the end of days and the rise of a legend.
While on set in Georgia shooting the bleak two-and-a-half hour thriller “Prisoners,” Viola Davis got the inside track on Hugh Jackman‘s eight-hour “Wolverine” diet.
“You eat for eight hours and you fast for 16. It's a new diet thing, his Wolverine diet,” she said at the L.A. preem Sept. 12 at the Academy.
REVIEW: “Prisoners” is a Brilliant Drama
The new-age diet worked for Davis, at least according to Jackman. “She overheard me in the makeup chair and about a month later she came to me and said, ‘I have done it and it really works.' I have done it for the last two years. I'm finished and I don't need to be on any diet but I am still doing it.”
The principle underpinning the diet, according to Jackman, is the dieter eats what they normally would, but only during an eight hour period. “Eat what you want, but not when you want,” he says.
Despite “Prisoners'” heavy subject matter and intensity, Jackman said the actors were relaxed on set as they distanced themselves from the intensity of filming. “When you are working with actors like that, you know when it comes to it, they are there. So they are more relaxed, they know they can go there, those intense places. You can't live in that intensity all the time. Relaxation is the only way you can get into that place.”
Co-star Jake Gyllenhaal, who plays a high-strung detective searching for two missing girls, explained in more detail. “Weirdly as an actor it is almost like a sling shot. The further you get away from the idea the tighter you get wound and then you let go and you go farther and faster toward the target.”
Paul Dano, who had some of the most grim scenes in the film, agrees that it's important to step away from the work mentally.
“Maybe you walk away and you have a little something, maybe a drink that night or that weekend. These scenes in this film were so intense I would equate them to a fever dream. I don't really remember it.”
After-party was held at Spago. WB and Alcon open “Prisoners” on Sept. 20.
Related stories
Best of Toronto: Variety Critics Look Past the Oscar Hype
Toronto: Jake Gyllenhaal's 'Enemy' Getting U.S. Distribution
Toronto: Bill Paxton Joins Jake Gyllenhaal in 'Nightcrawler' (EXCLUSIVE)
Meditation is an essential component for peace of mind and a healthy lifestyle. It facilitates healing and gives us a chance to see clearly. This series, Meditate While You Medicate, will focus on different meditation techniques that can be performed in conjunction with heady indica strains. Practice daily for clarity, focus, peace and enlightenment.
The chakras are the seven energy centers in the body. When full of positive healing energy, they are in balance. If they become blocked by negative energy, they can create imbalances. Follow this simple exercise to cleanse your chakras and channel positive energy. If you have a meditation partner, try taking turns reading the below instructions softly and slowly to one another.
Create a comfortable setting, with meditative music, candles or incense and a soft spot to lay. Before you begin, smoke or vape some Animal Cookies, a hybrid indica with a potent and very relaxing head-high.
Once comfortably stoned, lay flat on your back. Arms rest at your sides, palms up, fingers relaxed. Feet fall outwards, and let your whole form sink into the ground. Focus on breathing. Deep, slow breaths in and out.
Close your eyes and begin to visualize and focus on each chakra, one at a time:
Begin with the root chakra, visualized as a sphere of red energy. Located at the base of the spine, it's associated with our sense of feeling grounded. As you inhale, imagine a healing light entering the crown of your head and filling your root chakra with fresh, positive energy. When you exhale, visualize expelling old, negative energy. Continue this for a few breaths in silence. Slowly bring attention to the sacral chakra, located just below your navel. Visualize a sphere of orange energy. It is associated with our sense of well-being and sexuality. As you inhale, imagine a healing light entering the crown of your head and filling your sacral chakra with fresh, positive energy. When you exhale, visualize expelling old, negative energy. Continue this for a few breaths in silence. Focus now on the solar plexus chakra, located beneath the ribs. Visualize a sphere of yellow energy. This chakra is associated with our sense of self-confidence and self-worth. As you inhale, imagine a healing light entering the crown of your head and filling the solar plexus chakra with fresh, positive energy. When you exhale, visualize expelling old, negative energy. Continue this for a few breaths in silence. Slowly, begin to focus on your heart chakra, located at the center of the chest and visualized as a green sphere of energy. The heart chakra is associated with our ability to love freely and inner peace. As you inhale, imagine a healing light entering the crown of your head and filling your heart chakra with fresh, positive energy. When you exhale, visualize expelling old, negative energy. Continue this for a few breaths in silence. Moving to the throat chakra, located at the center of the throat and visualized as a blue sphere of energy; this chakra is associated with communication, self-expression and truth. As you inhale, imagine a healing light entering the crown of your head and filling your throat chakra with fresh, positive energy. When you exhale, visualize expelling old, negative energy. Continue this for a few breaths in silence. Now focus on the third-eye chakra, located at the center of the forehead and visualized as an indigo sphere of energy. The third-eye chakra is associated with intuition, imagination and wisdom. As you inhale, imagine a healing light entering the crown of your head, and filling your third-eye chakra with fresh, positive energy. When you exhale, visualize expelling old, negative energy. Continue this for a few breaths in silence. Now move your attention to the crown chakra, located at the top of the head. Visualized as a violet sphere of energy, the crown chakra is associated with full connection to spirituality and pure bliss. As you inhale, imagine a healing light entering the crown of your head, and filling your crown chakra with fresh, positive energy. When you exhale, visualize expelling old, negative energy. Continue this for a few breaths in silence.
Finally, imagine the healing light entering your crown chakra and connecting all seven chakras, sending positive energy throughout your whole form. Take another few deep breaths and quiet the mind to stillness.
When ready, reopen eyes and smile.
Meditate While You Medicate Series:
Paneer Raw Mango Curry is a delicious sweet and spicy light paneer curry flavored with tangy raw mango. This curry perfectly blends with any lunch menu and compliments well with other side dishes. When raw mango in season this is a great recipe to try.
Paneer and Raw Mango Curry add a variety to the daily menu or it can be served as one of the dishes in the summer thali menu.
Did you know: Cottage cheese contains all the essential amino acids needed for it to qualify as a complete protein. Eat cottage cheese, and you'll boost your intake of calcium and selenium. A single serving of either full-fat or low-fat cottage cheese provides all the selenium you need in a day. This selenium fights the aging process due to its antioxidant function, and it also supports immune system function. In addition, cottage cheese contains calcium, an important component of healthy bone tissue.
If you like this Paneer Raw Mango Curry Recipe, you can also try other Paneer recipes such as
Israel has asked the United States to raise the amount of the annual defense aid from the current 3 billion dollars to 5 billion dollars, an American source revealed to Reuters.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
According to the report, Israel is interested in annual aid package of 5 billion dollars for a decade - that is 50 billion dollars.
But US officials argue that the aid would be higher but less than what is requested by Israel. According to Reuters, a US official estimated that the Obama administration will compromise with Netanyahu for an amount ranging between 4 and 5 billion dollars. Before the crisis regarding the nuclear deal with Iran, Israeli and American officials discussed raising the amount of the package to 3.7 to 3.6 billion dollars.
The F-35 on Israel's shopping list (Photo: AFP)
Israel's request is intended to deal with future threats given the current instability of the Middle East and the threats posed by Iran and by terrorist organizations. "Israel claims that Iran's economic prosperity due to the removal of sanctions will allow it to increase its support to organizations hostile to Israel in Syria, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; Washington says this concern is exaggerated," according to Reuters.
As recently reported by ynet, Israel's government has recently presented to the US government a list of requests for special military equipment for the next twenty years.
Among these requests are squadrons of F-15 stealth fighter jets beyond the F-35 squadrons the Americans have already promised. The Israeli list also includes the V-22 Osprey aircraft-helicopter, helicopters, refueling aircraft, precision weapons and a large amount of Arrow 3 missiles designed to intercept ballistic missiles outside the atmosphere as an additional layer of protection to the Arrow 2. It is important to note that beyond the aid package, Israel receives additional funding specifically earmarked for missile defense via another budget.
Israel's official request has not yet been presented by the government to Congress, according to Reuters. "First they have to negotiate with the White House," a Congress official stated. Israel's request will be discussed for the first time between President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at their meeting at the White House expected next Monday.
It was an extraordinary performance in the worst possible sense of that word – the most powerful person in Australia rendered powerless by the complexity and vulnerability of his political position.
Malcolm Turnbull was asked three times in his parliamentary courtyard on Tuesday a very simple question: did he support the position taken by his immigration minister, Peter Dutton, that Lebanese Muslims should not have been permitted to come to Australia in the 1970s because a small number of their descendants generations down the track went on to be charged with crimes.
Malcolm Turnbull praises Peter Dutton after 'Lebanese-Muslim' remarks Read more
A simple question, repeated three times, lest the inquiry present as somehow ambiguous to a prime minister suffering jet lag after a night flight from Peru.
Turnbull heard the question clearly but he wasn't able to answer.
He couldn't support Dutton, he couldn't condemn him.
The prime minister just had to stand there, smiling, face fixed into a mask, pretending, as if the meaningless formulations coming out of his mouth had any meaning – and inviting assembled journalists to buy into this fiction, to validate nonsense.
On Tuesday Turnbull smiled directly into the void of his own leadership, because publicly condemning Dutton – the most powerful conservative figure in the government – isn't a viable option, not unless you want to go to war, not unless you have the appetite to play for keeps.
And unfortunately for Turnbull, it is not only the immovable object of Dutton, and Dutton's acolytes and boosters, and that irreconcilable ideological fault line that runs down the centre of this government, triggering internal convulsion after internal convulsion – there's the long shadow of Trumpism, and Hansonism, which is emboldening negativity, and truthiness, and intolerance, and encouraging Australian politicians to dust off their worst, most calculated instincts, and share them as a cynical “empathy” gesture with voters.
We have the rise of the faux everyman and woman, who happen, by accident, to reside in Canberra during parliamentary sitting weeks. As if that might sate people's rage and alienation. As if engaging in front bar logic and national empathy tours will deliver some form of mass hypnosis, lulling voters into thinking the political class is something other than the political class.
The most bizarre thing is we have been here before, and with this government.
During the full apocalyptic period of Tony Abbott, where he was fully extended in a toxic political debate about watering down hate-speech protections, while at the same time whipping up national security messaging, the government realised it was travelling down a dangerous road.
Turnbull realised just how dangerous that road was and insisted on calming the conversation, which was one of his most comprehensive early achievements when he took the Liberal leadership last September.
So let me honour this legacy by saying today what Turnbull, our leashed prime minister, couldn't bring himself to say.
Peter Dutton's comments are ridiculous.
When Peter Dutton makes it about 'us' and 'them', 'we' are in trouble Read more
The immigration minister (of all people) is suggesting Australia should have a discriminatory immigration policy, a policy that discriminates against migrants of particular ethnic or religious origin on the basis that people connected with them in the future might be involved in criminal activity.
Only five seconds thought delivers the manifest absurdity of this statement. Not so much stopping the boats as stopping the grandkids.
Dutton's comments are also inflammatory. The immigration minister is prosecuting a low-grade culture war against a community which is dealing with a radicalisation problem. A real problem, not an abstract one.
Radicalisation is a problem that requires trust, cooperation and clear lines of communication to be able to manage.
Cheap political points don't deliver anything – except more alienation, more anger, more division, more suspicion – and that dynamic solves nothing, helps nothing, and no one.
I have a huge problem with Sean Hannity. And we all should. He is anything but the "great American" he and his brainwashed listeners delusionally call each other every five minutes. In fact, to the contrary, he's about as unpatriotic as they come. He roots for America to fail just so he can keep spewing his partisan venom at President Obama and Democrats. Shame on him.
I say this not as a Democrat who's upset with him, because I'm not. Truth is, I and most other Democrats couldn't care less what he has to say. We find him ignorant and insignificant and can't believe anyone actually chooses to listen to him on the merits. But what's most shameful about him is how he blatantly lies and deceives his own audience. People who put their trust and faith in him. And he pays them back by feeding them bullshit at every possible turn. If only they know just how full of crap he is. But their ignorance of the facts is exactly what he preys on. As ill-informed as heis on the issues, they make him appear smart. And that's not easy.
Hannity on Friday was predicting that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi lacked the votes needed to pass the health-care reform bill, or "Pelosi-Care" as he calls it. That the measure had hit a wall and that Democrats were abandoning ship. He smugly mocked Pelosi, complete with devilish Dick Dastardly cackle, because she had been predicting the bill's passage. Oh, how just a few hours can make someone look completely out of touch. As usual, wrong again Sean.
Hannity, like most disingenuous right-wing talking-heads, has been wetting himself over what he claims to be a "horrible week for Democrats." Give these guys a couple of gubernatorial victories and they predict the Rise and Fall of the Obama Empire. Truth is, on a national level, Democrats have won every single House and Senate special election over the past year, including two last Tuesday. Every one. If there's any referendum going on here it's on the Republican Party and its incumbents, not Obama. Voters are resoundingly rejecting conservatives from New York to California. Hannity and his fellow liars can yap all they want about the significance of Chris Christie and Bob McDonnell's gubernatorial victories in New Jersey and Virginia respectively, but these two statewide contests prove nothing on the national scale. They were fought and won primarily on local issues. Given all the victories the left's piled up in the House and Senate under Obama, I'd be worried if I were Michael Steele and his GOP. And as for last week? With the two House wins and the health-care bill's passage, I'd say it was a pretty good one for Democrats. Nice try, Sean.
Hannity also incessantly lies to his listeners about the economy. He simply cannot admit there's been significant improvement. He rails on that this is now "Obama's economy," yet deceptively shields his audience from the truth about how the president and his economic team have pulled the nation back from the brink of financial Armageddon this time last year. You won't hear him talk of GDP growth, huge declines in job losses or recovery in the banking, housing, retail and auto industries. You won't hear him discuss the Dow's rise from 6500 to 10,000. Don't hold your breath waiting for anything truthful such as, "While we still have a long way to go, we sure have come a long way and are seeing many signs of improvement." Of course not. That would make him honest and objective.
Sorry Sean, but this is definitely not Obama's economy. Obama's trying, and very deftly I might add, to fix the shitstorm Bush dumped in his lap. In office just 10 months, the worst economy since The Great Depression is no more Obama's than the 9-11 attacks were Bush's fault.
Kiev looks to IMF and US for economic and military assistance as conflict-hit country teeters on brink of economic collapse
Ukraine is asking the international community to provide more military and financial support as the US secretary of state, John Kerry, flies into Kiev on Thursday. A team from the International Monetary Fund is also in the capital as Ukraine attempts to negotiate a bailout to avert economic collapse. The talks with the US will touch on military support.
The foreign minister, Pavlo Klimkin, told a group of western journalists on Wednesday that negotiations with the IMF were “difficult but constructive”, and that there was hope that a package would be agreed soon.
Ukraine's hryvnia was the world's worst-performing currency last year, and is set to fall even further this week as the national bank says it will stop setting an indicative level for the currency in order to let it find its natural level.
The currency drop has caused inflation to surge, eroding wages, and the country's banking system has essentially collapsed.
As default becomes ever more likely, Kiev is also spending $5m-$10m (£3.3m-£6.6m) a day to fight the war against Russia-backed separatists in the east of the country, according to some estimates. The conflict has also destroyed infrastructure and reduced production in the east, as well as creating hundreds of thousands of internally displaced persons, all of which are likely to have longer-term economic consequences.
John Kerry, the US secretary of state. Ukraine's economy will be on the agenda during his visit on Thursday. Photograph: Reuters
Ukraine requires about $15bn of extra funds in addition to a $17bn two-year IMF programme agreed last year, according to estimates.
“An IMF plus EU plus G7 package would provide real ground for assistance to Ukraine, and on this basis we could organise a reform and investor conference in Brussels,” Klimkin said. The economy will also be on the agenda during Kerry's visit, during which the secretary of state will meet Ukraine's president and prime minister.
Ukraine's problems are “very solvable”, according to Tim Ash, senior strategist at Standard Bank, but the country has not received enough support from the international community. “Ukraine's main problem is a lack of leadership in the west,” he said.
Many policymakers in western capitals fear that allowing Ukraine to go under would be a signal that the west is powerless in the face of Russian aggression, but at the same time there is little appetite to stump up actual funds for Kiev.
“Europe needs to wake up and recognise that it is under attack from Russia,” the financier George Soros wrote in a recent column in the New York Review of Books. “Assisting Ukraine should also be considered as a defence expenditure by the EU countries. Framed this way, the amounts currently contemplated shrink into insignificance.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kiev is spending up to $10m a day in the war against Russia-backed separatists, according to estimates. Photograph: Reuters
There has also been speculation that Russia could call in a $3bn loan early, which would put further pressure on Kiev and irritate other lenders, though Klimkin said even if Moscow demanded the money tomorrow, it would require a lengthy court process before any payment would need to be made.
Ukrainian leaders are also likely to talk to Kerry about the need for weapons. The US has been reluctant to provide lethal military aid to Kiev, but there have been signs that the mood in Washington is changing.
On Wednesday, Barack Obama's nominee to head the Pentagon signalled his intention to push the US president in a more aggressive military direction for the remainder of his term. Ashton Carter told the Senate armed services committee that he “very much incline[d]” towards arming the Ukrainian government. He said he was not in a position to say the US was “in fact doing enough” to deter “Russian aggression in the Baltics”, which he called “very important”.
Klimkin said: “We've been getting closer to receiving more military-technical assistance. It's not about buying a couple of tanks … It's about modern warfare, training, logistics, organisation.”
He said Ukraine desperately needed hi-tech radio, radar and reconnaissance equipment to stop Ukrainian soldiers having their communications intercepted and improve battlefield efficiency. “We can't win the war against Russia … But what we need to counter the aggression and to defend our country is not to lose the war,” Klimkin said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest At least three people were killed in a series of shellings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on Wednesday that pro-Russian separatists said were Uragan missiles fired by Ukrainian forces
The ongoing military situation is another barrier to gaining financial aid. The IMF does not loan to countries with ongoing conflicts, which has been one reason behind Kiev labelling the conflict in the east an “anti-terrorist operation” rather than a war.
“The Ukrainians have done everything the west asked them to – they did not fight for Crimea, they have tried to negotiate over east Ukraine, they have let their exchange rate go and they have paid their Gazprom debt, and they have received very little in return,” Ash said. “Structural reform does not work in a conflict situation. The west has to bite the bullet and decide it has to be now or never. This is a reform-oriented government and the best chance we will ever have to help Ukraine.”
The west has to bite the bullet and decide it has to be now or never Tim Ash, senior strategist at Standard Bank
For all Ukraine's problems, many agree that the new government is full of people genuinely committed to reforms and it offers the best chance possible to bring Ukraine closer to Europe. Some, however, are concerned that despite the huge changes that came about after last year's Maidan revolution, the same oligarchic way of doing things persists.
“The ‘war argument' is used to conserve the same way of doing things as in the past,” said MP Victoria Voytitska, who worked in business for many years before standing for election to Ukraine's new parliament. “In Davos, all I heard from Ukraine was ‘Give me money, give me money, give me money.' Because if you don't, then we'll collapse and it will be a threat to you. You don't speak like this. What we need is a real action plan with specific reforms for February, March, and so on. Not some bullshit about how Ukraine will look in 2020.”
Mechanical systems from the 1950s, ‘60s and ‘70s have either been augmented or replaced by electrical ones, adding layers of complexity to engine maintenance and repair. The silver lining is, in most cases, increased reliability – and not just fewer-oil-leaks reliability, but 100,000-miles-between-tune-ups reliability.
This writer knows first-hand, considering his car travelled more than 220,000 miles before requiring any major engine work.
To find out what might be most responsible for driving improvements in engine reliability, we took to Quora.com, the online question and answer forum, to gauge users' thoughts.
Rise of the machines
In the past 15 or 20 years, control modules, sensors and on-board diagnostics have all contributed to improved engine function. Quora user Chris Leinbach thinks the switch to more computerised engines, with fewer mechanical systems, has had the "biggest impact on engine reliability".
He wrote that until the 1970s, an engine's reliance on mechanical systems required it to warm entirely through before it ran optimally, and its various headers and valves needed regular adjustments – usually with a wrench. "Now we have computers that are adjusting things as complex as valve timing in the engines in real time," Leinbach wrote.
Laury Curran argues that electronics plays an outsize role in engine reliability as well. He cited sophisticated algorithms that control factors such as fuel usage and ignition timing. "Engine management systems rely on a whole host of electronic sensors to control how much fuel is used and when," he wrote.
But computers haven't just increased engine reliability; they've altered how engines are built. Curran went on to note how engines are designed with three-dimensional computer models, which – with the help of digital simulators – can better target potential stress points and hot spots. "When it comes to testing in real time, the engines very often perform as designed and only minor changes need to be made before mass production starts," he said.
What the data says
But are the views of Quora users borne out by vehicle reliability data? Broadly speaking, yes.
According to JD Power and Associates' annual Vehicle Dependability Study, which has been conducted for 25 years, vehicle reliability has been on a sustained rise in the US, save for a blip last year.
In its 2014 report released in February, JD Power said there was an increase in owner-reported problems for 2011-model-year vehicles compared to the previous year, marking the first increase in reported problems in 15 years. The firm collected more than 41,000 survey responses from original owners of 2011-model-year vehicles after three years of ownership. Most of the problems, the survey authors noted, came from cars with four-cylinder engines.
While drivers can assume vehicles are more reliable than they were in the past, technology is no catch-all defense, and an engine's sophistication creates an entire subset of new problems. That said, buyers can assume that a new car's engine, at any price point, was born to run.
Egor Orudzhev topped the times in the first of Friday's sessions ahead of the final Formula Renault 3.5 round at Jerez, ahead of the AVF duo of Beitske Visser and Alfonso Celis.
Orudzhev, who arrives in Jerez off the back of his second win of the season in the last race at Le Mans, took top spot away from erstwhile pacesetter Nyck de Vries with his penultimate lap of the session.
The two AVF drivers then also slotted in ahead of de Vries, with Visser 0.263 seconds off Orudzhev's 1m28.758s and 35 thousandths of a second ahead of team-mate Celis.
Orudzhev's Arden team-mate Nicholas Latifi took fifth behind de Vries, and followed by Tio Ellinas, Tom Dillmann and Jazeman Jaafar.
Aurelien Panis and Sean Gelael completed the top 10, with champion Oliver Rowland 13th and confirmed runner-up Matthieu Vaxiviere only 18th of the 19 runners.
Session results
Pos Driver Team Time Gap Laps 1 Egor Orudzhev Arden Motorsport 1:28.758 20 2 Beitske Visser AVF 1:29.021 0.263 20 3 Alfonso Celis AVF 1:29.056 0.298 18 4 Nyck de Vries DAMS 1:29.138 0.380 17 5 Nicholas Latifi Arden Motorsport 1:29.171 0.413 19 6 Tio Ellinas Strakka Racing 1:29.398 0.640 19 7 Tom Dillmann Jagonya Ayam with Carlin 1:29.480 0.722 18 8 Jazeman Jaafar Fortec Motorsports 1:29.644 0.886 20 9 Aurelien Panis Tech 1 Racing 1:29.759 1.001 20 10 Sean Gelael Jagonya Ayam with Carlin 1:29.886 1.128 20 11 Dean Stoneman DAMS 1:29.939 1.181 21 12 Gustav Malja Strakka Racing 1:29.969 1.211 21 13 Oliver Rowland Fortec Motorsports 1:30.164 1.406 11 14 Yu Kanamaru Pons Racing 1:30.241 1.483 20 15 Andre Negrao International Draco Racing 1:30.264 1.506 24 16 Roy Nissany Tech 1 Racing 1:30.292 1.534 20 17 Marlon Stockinger Lotus 1:30.678 1.920 8 18 Matthieu Vaxiviere Lotus 1:30.888 2.130 13 19 Nikita Zlobin Pons Racing 1:30.987 2.229 19
Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved
WFLA - TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) - A Tampa, Florida craft beer and pizza restaurant is laying down the rules.
Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved
No children are allowed. Period.
"So, personally, where ever I go, he has to come with me," said Stephanie Gallego, referring to her young son.
Gallego loves pizza. She's even got a tattoo of a pizza on her ankle.
So, when she Googled pizza places near her home, Hampton Station came up.
But, a white-lettered sign on the front door that reads "No Children" stopped her in her tracks.
"Kids can be a ruckus sometimes, but if you're trying to market in our community, I wouldn't necessarily ban kids. I would possibly talk to the parents of them," said Gallego.
"I definitely think that sales are gonna take a dip," said Hampton Station owner, Troy Taylor. He said the sign went up Tuesday.
"We had an incident last week where some kids were endangering themselves and others," said Taylor.
The Facebook backlash is on, both for the ban on children and against.
"I haven't got much sleep the past four or five days really, because of this. 'Cause this is my livelihood," said Taylor.
Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved
Customers at the craft beer and pizza place have mixed feelings.
"I'm here without my child today supporting him and, friend of mine. Business owner trying to support him," said Brett Davis, who is the father of a six-year-old girl.
"I would lighten it up. A little harsh. I think that there's well behaved kids. It's all the parents," said Phil Targeoski.
Gallego is a member of several Facebook mom groups.
"They wanted to voice their opinion. I'm telling you, more 20, and 30 moms telling you this is complete absurdity," she said.
Taylor stresses that he doesn't hate children.
But, he says a few ruined it for everybody.
He doesn't feel right singling out parents, so the rule stands.
Shipping companies are under pressure to phase out use of heavy fuels, as world's first hybrid battery-powered cruise ship set for launch in 2018
Shipping companies are under pressure to phase out use of heavy fuels ahead of a potential ban on their use in the Arctic in the coming years.
The International Maritime Organisation has approved an environmental review of the use of heavy fuel oil (HFO) by ships in the Arctic. Already banned in Antarctica, HFO is a dense and viscous byproduct of other fuel refining processes.
Oil spills or leaks would be severely toxic, and devastating to flora, fauna and indigenous communities because of the long time the sludge takes to break down in cold water. The risks to fragile Arctic ecosystems could soar as more polar sea lanes become accessible because of climate change.
A Canadian proposal unanimously adopted at the IMO's marine environmental protection committee last Friday mandates a review of mitigating measures for HFO use, to begin in April 2018. No calls for a ban on HFOs have been formally put on the agenda but “at this early stage, nothing can be ruled in or out,” an IMO spokesperson said.
Why aren't ships using wind-power to cut their climate footprint? Read more
“I'm fairly sure a ban will happen one day,” said Peter Hinchliffe, the secretary-general of the International Chamber of Shipping told the Guardian. “We won't be opposing it but our role [in the IMO] is to make sure we are not causing a disproportionate disadvantage to ships that use HFOs in the Arctic today.”
More than 850 ships operating in the Arctic today are thought to use HFOs, said Dr Sian Prior, lead advisor to the Clean Arctic Alliance, and these represent around three-quarters of total Arctic ship fuel use. The majority are flagged to non-Arctic nations such as Panama, Liberia, Singapore and the Marshall Islands.
But as global warming melts new shipping lanes, even larger ships from outside the Arctic are expected to steer through the Polar north in search of shorter journey times, increasing the risk of accidents. In March, Arctic sea ice extent fell to its lowest recorded level since records began 38 years ago.
The shipping industry has already agreed to cut the sulphur content of marine fuels to 0.5% by 2020. “It will be extremely difficult to get HFOs with sulphur content as low as 0.5%. Most ships will turn to lighter fuels – diesel essentially – and that means that imposing an Arctic ban on HFOs may have a very limited life as few ships are likely to go there burning HFOs,” said Hinchliffe.
Rune Thomas Ege, a spokesman for the Norwegian expedition tour operator, Hurtigruten, said that the new Arctic waterways opening up were pulling in inexperienced crews in unsuitable ships, and stoking concerns.
“HFOs should already have been banned in the Arctic – as they have been in Antarctica,” he said.
Hybrid cruise ships
Next year, Hurtigruten says it will launch the world's first hybrid battery-powered cruise ship, the MS Roald Amundsen, to be followed by the MS Fridtjof Nansen in 2019.
Hinchliffe said while the idea of battery-powered fleets was “not pie in the sky”, it would be inappropriate for tankers needing to travel thousands of miles. Other alternatives were in the works, he suggested.
Cruise holidays: who is leading the fleet for sustainable sea travel? Read more
“We don't yet have a hydrogen-powered ship but I expect experimentation to take place,” he said. “Our holy grail is to find a carbon-free fuel but there isn't one at the moment. I would hope that by 2030 we will have a very clear indication of what the fuel is likely to be.”
Aslak Ross, the head of marine standards at Maersk Line, told the Guardian that fuels which were both low-sulphur and low-carbon could enter the world market “sooner than many expect”. “This is one of the reasons we have decided not to invest in ‘scrubbers', not least due to their negative impact on the vessel's energy efficiency,” he said.
Scrubbing technology allows ships to chemically filter and cleanse their existing HFO blends and avoid the trouble and expense of switching to lighter distillate fuels such as diesel, liquefied natural gas or, potentially, ethanol.
But scrubbers are seen as impractical by industry analysts because they cost $3-5m to fit per vessel, and a lack of shipyards would prevent a retrofit taking place among the world's fleet by 2020, when the new sulphur standard takes effect.
Many environmentalists and shipowners alike see scrubbers as a way of ensuring the survival of highly polluting fuels at a time when rapid transition is needed. More than 200 LNG-fuelled ships are in service around the world.
Ryan Giggs played 963 games for Manchester United and was manager Louis van Gaal's assistant at Old Trafford
Manchester United and Wales legend Ryan Giggs says he is interested in the Leicester and Everton manager jobs.
Both clubs are without bosses after Leicester sacked Craig Shakespeare last week and the Toffees fired Ronald Koeman on Monday.
Giggs was Louis van Gaal's number two at Old Trafford, and was interviewed for the job at Swansea in 2016.
"For me these are clubs I would be interested in," 43-year-old Giggs told Sky Sports.
"I think you look at those two teams, Leicester being champions two seasons ago, Everton being a fantastic club with a fantastic history.
"However, there are a lot of coaches out there who would be interested in those positions."
Giggs is not thought to be in contention for the job at Everton, while Leicester made a winning start under caretaker boss Michael Appleton as they beat Swansea 2-1 at the Liberty Stadium.
However, one bookmaker has Giggs listed at 12/1 for the Leicester job, with Wales manager Chris Coleman 6/1 and Claude Puel the 4/7 favourite.
Giggs has not been involved in top-class football since Van Gaal's dismissal in May 2016, with the Welshman finally ending a 29-year association with United in July 2016.
Giggs decided to take a sabbatical from football but has always said he intends to get into management with an ambitious club.
"I've said all along that I'd be open to clubs which share the ambitions of myself," he said.
"I want to improve clubs and improve players, to enjoy working for them and for players to enjoy the challenge.
"There are clubs in the Premier League which would be good jobs but also in the Championship and League One.
"It's more about the philosophy for me than the stature of the club."
The Department of Defense has announced its newest weapon test on the CBS show “60 Minutes.” The network gave stellar coverage to the autonomous drone swarm without bringing up ethical implications of more than 1,000 deaths from drone strikes since 2002.
Dubbed Perdix (partridge), the tiny drones are launched from weapon mounts of F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jets and behave like swarm insects, communicating with each other to decide how to execute the operators' instructions.
“The micro-drones demonstrated advanced swarm behaviors such as collective decision-making, adaptive formation flying, and self-healing,” the Pentagon said in the announcement.
“Due to the complex nature of combat, Perdix are not pre-programmed synchronized individuals, they are a collective organism, sharing one distributed brain for decision-making and adapting to each other like swarms in nature,” William Roper, director of the Pentagon's Strategic Capabilities Office (SCO), said on Monday. “Because every Perdix communicates and collaborates with every other Perdix, the swarm has no leader and can gracefully adapt to drones entering or exiting the team.”
The Pentagon's announcement contained multiple references to the January 8 episode of “60 Minutes.” The CBS show was given exclusive access to the October 2016 test in China Lake, California, and aired the report under the title “The Coming Swarm.”
October's test at China Lake featured over 100 Perdix drones, the biggest swarm to date. A 2015 test in Alaska featured 20 drones.
Video of the test released by the Pentagon shows the drones aligning and realigning themselves in various formations to follow instructions from their operator, whom “60 Minutes” identified as Marine Captain Jim Pineiro.
During the “60 Minutes” segment, presenter David Martin describes the drone swarm as “military reality” and ponders the implications of machines being able to make decisions faster and maybe even better than humans.
“I've heard people say that autonomy is the biggest thing in military technology since nuclear weapons. Really?” Martin asked SCO's Roper towards the end of the segment.
“I think I might agree with that, David,” Roper responded. “I mean, if what we mean by biggest thing is something that's going to change everything, I think autonomy is going to change everything.”
Read more
Outgoing Defense Secretary Ash Carter agreed, describing Perdix in Monday's announcement as “the kind of cutting-edge innovation that will keep us a step ahead of our adversaries.” Current Pentagon guidelines mandate a human decision-maker in any weapons system control loop.
Some observers were alarmed at the close collaboration between the Pentagon and one of the major networks.
“This sure sounds more like a public relations partnership than an act of journalism,” Jim Naureckas, editor at Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting (FAIR), told AlterNet.
AlterNet noted that the “60 Minutes” episode made no mention of more than 1,000 civilians killed by US drone strikes since 2002. That includes up to 966 civilians in Pakistan, up to 181 in Afghanistan, up to 101 in Yemen and 10 or so in Somalia, according to the watchdog Bureau of Investigative Journalism.
So far, the Perdix drones have not been armed and their use has been mostly for reconnaissance and surveillance. According to “60 Minutes,” however, the military is now exploring arming the flying robots.
Perdix was originally designed by MIT engineering students in 2011, and attracted the attention of the SCO after its establishment in 2012. Scientists have been working on modifying the technology for military use since 2013, with the October test confirming the reliability of the sixth-generation design to withstand deployment conditions. It will be at least three years before the “drone swarm” is ready for the battlefield.
A vast part of this world believes in different kinds of strange superstitions. Most of the superstitions were developed by a sense of fear or some bad experience. However, most of these beliefs are baseless and some of them are so funny and hilarious. Some of these are mentioned here.
#1. Black Cat:
It's funny to hear that a black cat can make or break your day. From the ancient times, black cats are considered as magical creatures and they possess mysterious powers. The Egyptians era also played an important role in mystifying black cats. Although, there are black cat superstitions present all around the world, the most prominent beliefs are, “if a black cat walks away from you, it is a sign of bad luck” or “If a black cat crosses your path, then your day will most probably be ruined.”
#2. Kissy Nose:
I really wish that this Romanian superstition was real. Romanians believe that if your nose is feeling itchy, it means someone wants to kiss you. My nose has already started itching…
Most of you would have suffered from cold and felt like scratching your nose at least once in your life. Does that mean someone has felt like kissing us? That is nice to hear anyways 😉
#3. Anti-Cold:
If you want to prevent yourself from cold and flus in the winter then you should focus on this funny superstition created again by Romanians. According to this belief, “if someone catches a falling green leaf at the start of autumn, you have less chance of getting affected by cold the rest of the season.” This belief is trying to prove the doctors useless because a falling leaf is much better than their treatment.
#4. Itching Hands:
This is one of the most popular superstitions of the world. It is present in almost every country in different version. The most renowned versions are, “if you feel itchy on your right palm, it means that you are going to get some money and it will stay with you forever.” Although, if your left palm itches, it means that you have the possibility of getting money but it will not last for long. Some people say that if your palm itches, you should kiss it and make a circle with your palm over your forehead. This will bring the money faster. However, if you feel like scratching both palms, then it is better for you to consult a dermatologist because no belief has been derived for it yet.
#5. Unlucky Broom:
There is a superstition that if you clean your house with a broom at night, it will throw all the good luck out of your house. I think that this superstition must be started by lazy women who didn't want to clean their house after the day's work.
#6. Dangerous Nails:
It is understandable that long nails can be dangerous but no one can imagine that nails which have been cut already can be more dangerous. There are several superstitions related to nails. One superstition tells us that if you cut your nails, and scratch your head without washing your hands then, it will make you bald headed. I still cannot imagine how people connect nails with baldness. Although, I believe that this belief has an underlying benefit. It encourages people to wash their hands after cutting nails. This belief is kind of hygienic.
There is another funny and weird superstition related to nails. It is believed that if two people are having an argument and someone who is watching it starts rubbing his thumbnails, it will result into a bigger fight.
: This week the Chilean government's promise to protect roughly 10 million acres of land became official, boosting the nation's parklands by 38.5 percent, according to a statement . Read our original story about the move below:
Last week, the government of Chile signed an agreement taking possession of a 1-million-acres of private park land put together by a pair of American philanthropists. It also announced it would protect an additional 9 million acres of wildlands as national parks, reports Jonathan Franklin at The Guardian.
Kris McDivitt Tompkins, former CEO of the clothing company Patagonia and her husband, Doug Tompkins, co-founder of the North Face and Esprit clothing lines, began buying hundreds of thousands of acres in the wild Patagonia region of Chile in the early 1990s, The Guardian's John Vidal reported last year. Their goal, Vidal writes, was to "buy and restore as much land as they could, improve and protect it, and then return it to people as public, national parks."
After over two decades of work, they acquired 2.2 million acres of land, including the gifted land, Parque Pumalín and Patagonia, which together span roughly 1 million acres and represent the largest land donation from a private entity to a country.
But Chile was not always receptive to the couple. In the beginning of the project, they were accused of being CIA spies, of trying to hobble Chile's economic development and called a national security threat. At one point the government threatened to take their land.
“We were opposed for four years. We were ‘the couple who cut Chile in half,'” McDivitt Tompkins tells Vidal. “They said we were setting up a nuclear-waste dump or a new Jewish state.”
But in recent years, the Chilean government has warmed up to the conservation projects, and president Michelle Bachelet was on hand at the border of Pumalin Park to sign the documents authorizing the handover. As Elizabeth Royte at National Geographic reports, Chile hopes to include the new parks in a 1,500-mile tourism route they want to call the Ruta de los Parques, which would link together 17 national parks and offer everything from rainforest hikes and mountaineering to sea kayaking. By some estimates the new parks will bring $270 million into the area and employ 43,000 people.
The new parks make Chile one of Central and South America's most eco-conscious nations. “That puts Chile right up there with Costa Rica in terms of the percentage of protected lands,” Yvon Chouinard, founder of the Patagonia clothing company tells Franklin. “No other human has ever created this many acres of protected wildlands…These are tourist-ready parks with trails and cabins and infrastructure.”
However, Doug Tompkins, who died in 2015 in a kayaking accident, will never see the fruits of their labor. “I wish my husband Doug, whose vision inspired today's historic pledge, were here on this memorable day. Our team and I feel his absence deeply,” McDivitt Tompkins says in a press release. “But I know that if Doug were here today, he would speak of national parks being one of the greatest expressions of democracy that a country can realize, preserving the masterpieces of a nation for all of its citizenry.”
The handover of the Tompkins property will take place incrementally over the next two years.
Well now we know what's next for Marquess Wilson, at least. After his career at Washington State came to an end in a way I'm not sure anyone could have predicted, it was unknown whether Wilson would have to do a quick image and NFL Draft stock rehabilitation tour or if he'd jump right into the draft. If Wilson had decided to continue his college playing days, he would've either had to sit out a year to play major college football or transfer down. None of that matters now, though.
Wilson has hired an agent and will enter the 2013 NFL Draft -- a logical move no matter the circumstances of his departure. It was wildly assumed that this past season would be his last at Washington State, and it was ... though the way it ended veered off course just a bit.
The former Washington State wide receiver does have some image rehabilitation to do as the draft nears, and his draft stock most certainly isn't what it once was. The physical talent is there, and always has been, but the maturity and character questions will persist. Accusations of a lacking work ethic and the manner in which Wilson left Washington State are clear red flags -- which general managers will certainly be vetting through the process.
I think Wilson can recover from the allegations of abuse and letter. When it comes to that ordeal, I do feel for him in a way. From all indications, he was coached -- given bad advice which blew up in his face. A draft prospect can overcome and explain away bad advice.
The bigger problem for Wilson is his work ethic, and even that can be spun. He struggled this past season as more was being asked in him. He has a switch -- something quarterback Jeff Tuel explained as the star wide receiver needing a kick in the butt at times. When it's on, he's great. But it's not always on, especially not in practice.
The NFL is a whole different ballgame. Wilson can -- and did -- get by in college with raw talent. The NFL is filled with raw talents who work their asses off to succeed. It's a cutthroat game that demands execution at a high-level at all times. Wilson is going to have to prove he's ready for it.
Right now, our own Dan Kadar has Wilson as the 15th-best wide receiver in the draft. Instead of hitting a payday and being taken early in the draft, Wilson's going to have to put in work. The way things look right now, he'll come off the board later in the draft, then have to fight for his spot. Things can change, though, and Wilson has a chance to erase some of the doubts with a strong run-up to the draft -- at the Combine, in workouts and, especially, in interviews.
I will root for Wilson to succeed, to be drafted high, and to have a long NFL career. His actions may have hurt Washington State, but I still have a soft spot for the man -- and I do believe he followed through on some bad advice that will prove incredibly costly to his future. If he can battle back, all the more power to him.
But now, we'll see what Wilson is made of. What happens over the next few months and beyond will say a lot about Wilson. If he fights through and works hard, he can make it and have a long NFL career. If not, this will go down as a pretty sad story for all parties involved.
Features:
Ultra bright and environment-friendly, no UV and IR radiation.
Long service life and high luminous efficiency.
Stylish and exquisite appearance.
It is suitable for showcase, residential, office, hotel lobby, shop, exhibition room, landscaping, etc.
Specifications:
Configuration: 225 x LEDs,135 Red, 90 Blue
Light color：Red and Blue mixed
Output voltage: 15W (225PCS)
Limited voltage: 85-265V
Input current: 0.07-0.1A
Work frequency: 50-60Hz
Operating temperature: -20 to 40℃
Storage condition: -40 to 85℃
WaveLength: Red 630nm, Blue 460nm
Color temperature: 3500-6500K
Lifecycle: >50,000hrs
Package size: 312 * 312 * 34mm
Package list:
1x 15w LED plant light
User Manual:
1. Before using, please kindly read the specification carefully.
2. Indoor use only
3. The lighting area and the height above the plant can be changed according to the environment and species of the plant, above parameters are suggestive.
4. Blue is good for vegetatives and red is good for flowering and budding, which have wonderful efficacy for the plant.
Growing Period- LED's light can be left on for up to 24 hours without causing any pressure to your plant because the Chlorophyll really don't have any problem with unnecessary light-waves. LED lights can also be used to extend the day season of your light cycle during Winter up to 4 - 6 hours, it will help lengthen the growth season by 365 days each year
“Homeland,” a series always conscious of current events, tries for some enforced topicality in its sixth season, which begins on Sunday on Showtime. Moving out of the fall for the first time, the show has a story line pegged to its new winter slot and to the recent election: The season is set during a presidential transition, with a president-elect whose relationship to intelligence agencies is dicey.
Not even the most prescient of shows can see the future perfectly, though. The fictional incipient president is a woman (played by Elizabeth Marvel), and her politics appear to be dovish: She floats the idea of the United States' pulling all its troops out of the Middle East.
Those details put quite a distance between “Homeland” and the reality of the real president-elect, Donald J. Trump. But it's not gender or foreign-policy views that make the show feel out of tune with the times. It's the courtesy the characters exhibit as they argue and negotiate, their automatic respect for the traditional processes of government. Life, at the moment, is scarier than fiction, and compared with the wholesale disintegration of civility taking place in Washington, “Homeland” looks quaint. It's as if it were happening in another century.
And that's not a bad thing. There's something comforting about the normalcy of plot and counterplot, action and intrigue. Those have always been the series's strong points, not ideas, and it may be easier to focus on them without worrying about how closely the story is mimicking events.
LOS ANGELES, CA — Although the west San Fernando Valley enjoys a reputation as a quiet area with a low crime rate, a new report approved Tuesday by the Los Angeles Police Commission found it is home to 16 major gangs and has seen increases in gang-related crimes over the last three years.
The report was requested by the City Council at the behest of Councilman Bob Blumenfield, who introduced the motion in August 2016 in response to a spike in gang-related homicides in 2015 in the area. Blumenfield represents the west Valley neighborhoods of Canoga Park, Reseda, Tarzana, Winnetka and Woodland Hills.
"A lot of people can't imagine the west Valley has these kinds of issues, and sadly we do," Blumenfield told City News Service. "I don't want to over-exaggerate the issues but I want us to have our eyes open because the only way we are going to deal with this problem is acknowledging it and doing everything we can to combat it."
The report -- which analyzed data from 2014 to 2016 -- noted that there is one gang injunction currently active west of the 405 Freeway, and that is against the Canoga Park Alabama gang, which has 375 members and is among the three most active gangs in the area, along with the Bryant Street gang and the Reseda Southside/Westside gang.
West Valley gangs have been known to participate in murder, drug trafficking, rape, carjacking and other violent crimes, the report said, while also noting that gang-related violent crimes have risen, with 177 reported in 214, 288 in 2015 and 289 in 2016.
Twelve people were shot in gang-related incidents in 2014, 18 in 2015 and 15 in 2016, while gang-related homicides rose from three in 2014 to four in 2015 and eight in 2016.
"(The report) is an important step in the process in trying to steer resources to deal with the issues in the west Valley," Blumenfield told CNS. "I don't want to be alarmist about it. It's not something that we should be freaking out about in terms of the numbers, but is something that we need to have our eyes open about and we need to make sure we are doing everything we can."
Blumenfield said he would use the report to help push for increased police patrols in the west Valley and for more investment in the area from the GRYD Foundation, a nonprofit that partners with the city on anti-gang initiatives.
City News Service; Photo courtesy of the U.S. Marshals Office of Public Affairs via flickr.com
ELWOOD – The first monument honoring lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender veterans in a national cemetery will be dedicated on Memorial Day at the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery in Elwood.
The 2 p.m. Monday ceremony will be attended by veterans and former Gov. Pat Quinn.
The monument is the result of a four-year effort headed by the Chicago chapter of the American Veterans for Equal Rights.
“Most importantly, this is to honor men and women who have served this great nation,” said Stanley Jenczyk, chairman of the AVER Monument Committee. “This monument is a fulfillment of a promise that all military veterans have made in our hearts – that we will not forget our fallen brothers and sisters.”
AVER raised $19,500 for the monument. But getting approval from the Department of Defense to place it in Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery was not easy, Jenczyk said.
“They weren't exactly happy about it,” he said.
The effort was launched just as the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy, which required that gay soldiers not discuss their sexual identity, was being ended in the military. Just what words would be used on the monument, and whether it was a monument at all, became a matter of debate with the government, Jenczyk said.
“When I sent them our initial request, we said we request a monument for LGBT veterans,” Jenczyk said. “They said that we used the wrong terminology – that we didn't want a monument.”
Jenczyk, however, said it is a monument.
The 4-foot granite monument contains the words: “Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people have served honorably and admirably in America's armed forces. In their memory and in appreciation of their selfless service and sacrifice, this monument was dedicated by Chicago Chapter American Veterans for Equal Rights (AVER).”
The monument on Memorial Pathway is among about a dozen other monuments at the national cemetery in Elwood.
“It's been a long time coming,” said Lynne Phelan, administrative supervisor at Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery. “Their dedication to our country goes far and beyond what I can imagine. It had to be very difficult for them.”
Jenczyk said the monument is important to LGBT veterans.
“One of the very, very important things that we all want the world to know is that LGBT people have always been here,” Jenczyk said. “We need to be visible. And we need to be in all corners of life. This is sacred ground. People who gave the full measure of devotion to their country are honored not only on Memorial Day, but every day. LGBT people need to be sure that we are there.”
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Prime Minister Narendra Modi will offer island nations in the Indian Ocean a broad range of military and civilian assistance next week in a bid to wrest back some of the influence China has gained by spending billions of dollars in the region.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi attends an event organised by the Christian community to celebrate the beatification of two Indians by Pope Francis late last year, in New Delhi February 17, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer/Files
Modi will make the pledges during a visit to Sri Lanka, the Maldives, Mauritius and Seychelles after decades of neglect by successive Indian governments. His trip to Sri Lanka will be the first in 28 years by an Indian prime minister.
China has built seaports, power plants and highways across the small island nations. Its navy has also made forays into the Indian Ocean, including when submarines docked last year in Sri Lanka, rattling New Delhi, which has an uneasy relationship with Beijing.
New Delhi is hoping to tie the islands into a closer security embrace, Indian officials said.
“India has a role as a net security provider in the Indian Ocean region,” said a defence official involved in preparations for Modi's trip, which begins on March 10. “We are providing patrol ships, surveillance radars and ocean mapping for the island states.”
At the top of Modi's agenda is Sri Lanka, the tear-shaped island off the southern coast of India where a new government, concerned at Beijing's growing influence, is reviewing infrastructure contracts the previous administration awarded to China. It has also ruled out additional Chinese submarine visits in the near future.
Modi is expected to tighten defence and security cooperation and push for final approval for a 500 MW power plant to be built by India's state-run National Thermal Power Corporation under a 2012 agreement in Trincomalee, a strategic port in eastern Sri Lanka, Indian officials said.
The two sides were also in talks to upgrade military training, a Sri Lankan government official said.
SECURITY NEEDS
During the past year, the Indian defence ministry carried out a survey to identify the maritime needs of the island nations and has begun addressing them, the Indian defence official said.
Modi will commission a 1,300-tonne Indian-built patrol vessel in Mauritius, the first of such sales which include fast attack craft under construction in Indian shipyards.
“We have practically given Mauritius a coastguard,” said Commodore Ranjit Rai, a former head of Indian naval intelligence and operations.
Other nations require similar maritime assistance, according to the Indian defence ministry assessment.
Sri Lanka also needs help with fisheries patrols while the Maldives needs assistance with surveillance against piracy as well as the threat of Islamic State supporters finding a sanctuary in the island chain.
Meanwhile, India and Seychelles are expected to sign an agreement on mapping of the waters around the archipelago during Modi's visit.
At the same time, China is upgrading the Maldives' international airport after authorities cancelled a deal with an Indian firm in 2012.
China has in the past also considered Seychelles as a potential resupply port for navy ships taking part in anti-piracy operations off Africa. Its submarines, one of them nuclear-powered, docked in Sri Lanka on their way to join the anti-piracy operations.
But Modi should not push the smaller states to choose between India and China, said Vijay Sakhuja, director of the government-funded National Maritime Foundation of India and a specialist on Indian Ocean security issues.
“China's overt military support to the Maldives, Sri Lanka, Seychelles and Mauritius is an issue which has caused enormous anxiety in India. Notwithstanding that, it will be prudent for Modi to avoid raising the issue, which could result in an “India or China” dilemma.”
Whether you're enjoying the ambiance of an interactive board, immersing yourself in the charmingly composed music, or jumping right into the thick of deck-building, there's a little something for everyone in the world of Hearthstone. A few of our goals include making your Hearthstone experience fun, streamlined, engaging, and immersive, whether you're a new player or a card game veteran. One of the ways in which we're streamlining your gameplay experience is through our easy-to-use Crafting system.
What is Crafting in Hearthstone?
Our crafting system will allow you to take the cards you don't want and turn them into cards you do want—quickly and easily.
Why can't I just trade my cards with my friends to get the cards I want?
Many card games out there are considered “Trading Card Games,” or TCGs. While there are perks to being able to trade your cards, there are negatives to card games that support trading, even in a digital world. What do you as a player want out of trading cards? Generally, the answer is “To get the cards I want and trade away the cards I don't!”
What happens when the cards you have are the “wrong” cards—cards other players simply don't want? What about when everyone wants the same cards?
When a player opens a pack of cards in a typical TCG, they'll generally find a fixed number of cards of various rarities. Cards of the most numerous rarity in any given pack, or “common” cards, end up having little to no value. Everyone has them and no one wants them.
What about the rare cards? These “more valuable” cards can vary wildly from “MUST HAVE!” to “meh” and anywhere in between. In a trading system, the unimpressive rares end up being only slightly more valuable than common cards, even if they aren't nearly as common. It's very common for a dozen or so rare cards from any given set to contain most of the value and the rest are worth very little. People demand those high-end cards, and their value skyrockets. Can't afford to buy all of the good rares? You better hope you're lucky when you open your next pack.
So in a trading-based card game, you may finally manage to get a card that is “worth” something . . . but then you want to keep that card and not trade it away. So your only option is to purchase more packs until you get something worth trading, even if you may not actually want to part with it. That's not particularly fun. On top of that, you may even feel like you can't play the game competitively without that specific card! It's very frustrating, and new players are reluctant to become invested in a card game if they can't manage to get those cards—in trade or for cash.
Crafting allows you to get the cards you're actually looking for without having to wait for random luck to shine your way, with no need to look for people that have a particular card you want to round out your deck.
Hearthstone allows you to disenchant your Expert cards into Arcane Dust, and you then use the Arcane Dust to create the cards you want, instantly! It's fast, it's easy, and you don't have to reference how valuable your card is on a secondary market each time to want to make a choice to trade it off or not.
The Nitty Gritty
“Expert” cards are cards you acquire through packs, whether you purchase them with Gold or real money. You'll find a card's rarity right in the middle, as shown by the little oval gem. A white gem denotes Common cards, blue are Rare, purple are Epic, and orange cards are Legendary.
Cards will disenchant into a quantity of Arcane Dust based on their rarity. Common cards will be worth less Arcane Dust than Epic or Legendary cards. If you want to craft a card for your favorite deck, simply take your accumulated Dust, find the card that you want in your collection, and spend enough to unlock that card! It'll take a lot more dust to unlock a Legendary card than it does to unlock a Common card, so keep that in mind when you're on a crafting spree.
Here's the breakdown of how much Arcane Dust you get from each card rarity:
Common (White) Cards – Disenchant for 5 Arcane Dust / Craft a Common card for 40 Arcane Dust
Rare (Blue) Cards – Disenchant for 20 Arcane Dust / Craft a Rare card for 100 Arcane Dust
Epic (Purple) Cards – Disenchant for 100 Arcane Dust / Craft an Epic card for 400 Arcane Dust
Legendary (Orange) Cards – Disenchant for 400 Arcane Dust / Craft a Legendary card for 1600 Arcane Dust
Gold Cards
You can also use Arcane Dust to craft Golden versions of every card in your collection! Golden cards have beautiful alternate frames surrounding them, proudly displaying your accomplishment of acquiring them to you and your opponent. Golden cards also have the added bonus of having animated art to make your epic Hearthstone duels even more epic. Golden cards can also be found in packs, but they are very rare.
Let's take a look at how much Arcane Dust you'll need to craft Golden cards!
Common Golden Cards – Disenchant for 50 Arcane Dust / Craft a Golden Common card for 400 Arcane Dust
Rare Golden Cards – Disenchant for 100 Arcane Dust / Craft a Golden Rare card for 800 Arcane Dust
Epic Golden Cards – Disenchant for 400 Arcane Dust / Craft a Golden Epic card for 1600 Arcane Dust
Legendary Golden Cards – Disenchant for 1600 Arcane Dust / Craft a Legendary Golden card for 3200 Arcane Dust
Keep in mind that these Arcane Dust numbers aren't final and they may change during the beta.
That's Hearthstone's Crafting system in a nutshell: grind your extra cards into precious Arcane Dust and immediately use that Dust to make the cards you want—it's that easy! We hope you have a ton of fun crafting cards in Hearthstone to make some pretty awesome decks!
As Andrew Breitbart's Shirley Sherrod smear dissolved, rather than blame Breitbart for posting the deceptive clip of her speech, Glenn Beck, Michael Savage, and Rush Limbaugh ludicrously began speculating that he and the conservative media could have been the victim of a "set-up" that had been "orchestrated" by the White House.
Conservative media: Sherrod controversy a "set-up" to "smear Breitbart," Fox News
Beck: Did White House "plot" Sherrod story to "destroy the credibility of Fox News"? On the July 21 edition of his radio show, Beck linked the Sherrod story to "the President wanting to disgrace Fox News and separate everybody from Fox News." Beck asked, "is there a possibility that anybody involved is either going to use this emergency, or plotted this as a way to destroy the credibility of Fox News?" Beck went on to claim that in the future, when Fox runs a story the administration doesn't like, the White House can say that "they take things out of context all the time." Beck asked, "Is that a possibility? That's the only one so far that seems to make real sense to me." On his radio show the next day, Beck further suggested that if the Sherrod incident "wasn't a set up -- I have to tell you -- it is certainly Rahm Emanuel's don't let a good crisis go to waste."
Beck: "Maybe I'm being too conspiratorial" but "was this a diversion?" Also on the July 21 edition of his radio show, Beck questioned whether the Sherrod story was a "diversion" created by the Obama administration. Beck asked, "Did they do something else with the other hand yesterday that we're not paying attention to?" From the broadcast:
BECK: Now maybe I'm being, in this case, maybe I'm being too conspiratorial. Maybe we're just dealing with keystone cops at the White House. Maybe it was that somebody just didn't have the context. But it doesn't make sense. [...] PAT GRAY (CO-HOST): Isn't it fascinating too how -- how long it took Van Jones? I mean, he's a communist. He's a revolutionary. He's-- BECK: That's why something's wrong. GRAY: He's a radical. BECK: Are we supposed -- Were they -- did they do something else with the other hand yesterday that we're not paying attention to? Was this a diversion? GRAY: Maybe BECK: Was - this doesn't make any sense. Was this just -- was this sloppy?
Savage: "I'm beginning to believe that this entire affair was orchestrated by the government itself to smear Breitbart." On the July 21 edition of his radio show, Michael Savage suggested that he was "beginning to believe that this entire affair was orchestrated by the government itself to smear Breitbart and the Tea Party movement." He continued by stating that the scandal "is part of the dirty tricks campaign that the Democrats are famous for" and suggested that the Democrats had "released these tapes -- these edited tapes -- of the black bureaucrat through a third party or a fourth party, whispering 'oh, do we have something for you Mr. Breitbart.' "
Limbaugh: "For all I know, the White House orchestrated this whole thing." On the July 22 edition of his radio show, Rush Limbaugh derided the narrative of the Sherrod story in the media. He suggested that "[n]ow the template is, do you deserve a phone call from the President? The White House wanted you fired. The White House didn't listen. The White House took it out of con -- The White House is afraid of Fox News." Limbaugh continued by claiming, "For all I know, the White House orchestrated this whole thing."
Google has said it is “appalled” its new Photos app mistakenly labelled a black couple as being “gorillas” and has removed the ‘gorilla' tag from its new Photos app.
The product automatically tags uploaded pictures using its own artificial intelligence software.
The affected user, a New York-based software developer Jacky Alciné, took to Twitter to post proof of the Google Photos error, along with the question: “What kind of sample image data you collected that would result in this son?”
Google has been heavily criticised on social media because of the label's racist connotations.
Google Photos app was launched in May and it uses image labelling technology to give tags to objects in photos and then arrange them into albums.
And it's only photos I have with her it's doing this with (results truncated b/c personal): pic.twitter.com/h7MTXd3wgo — diri noir avec banan (@jackyalcine) June 29, 2015 @jackyalcine Thank you for telling us so quickly! Sheesh. High on my list of bugs you *never* want to see happen. ::shudder:: — Yonatan Zunger (@yonatanzunger) June 29, 2015
The system uses machine learning and as more image data is fed added, the technology should get better at recognising objects in the images. Users of the app can remove incorrect image label results. This helps train Google's systems so they can improve.
He added it was “also working on longer-term fixes around both linguistics - words to be careful about in photos of people - and image recognition itself - eg better recognition of dark-skinned faces”.
There have been previous issues with the software and in May it was reported that the app was tagging pictures of dogs as horses.
However, Google has acknowledged the sensitivity and gravity of the latest issue.
A spokeswoman said the company was “appalled and genuinely sorry” and was taking action to prevent this type of result from appearing.
“There is still clearly a lot of work to do with automatic image labelling, and we're looking at how we can prevent these types of mistakes from happening in the future.”
Mr Zunger said Google had already taken steps to avoid others experiencing a similar mistake.
To remove a tag, click on the photo and delete the label, the system will then be trained not to include this in a search over time.
And now another fine example of bigotry and intolerance from the great wackadoo state of Texas. Richard Mullins, history and government teacher for over 30 years was suspended for being a “suspected atheist” and a liberal.
Mullins on the angry mother of the student making the accusations…
She accused me of being an atheist, saying I was too liberal, and that I allowed the students to talk about inappropriate things in the classroom. I told her that occasionally students would get on topics and say things, but I was unable to censor them before they were able to say them. She said that I called her daughter a name and I denied the accusation. But then she said that I didn't believe in god and shouldn't be teaching. She also said that she had spoken to 3 other board members who agreed with her that I shouldn't be teaching because I was too liberal and I was an atheist.
After the principal of the school suspended Mullins…
I later had conversations with parents and a person who lives in the community, who informed me that the principal had met with the minister of the local church and had discussed my suspension with him. I also later received information from REDACTED,a “SCHOOL EMPLOYEE-POSITION REDACTED”, that the minister was now subbing at the school and that he had heard that he would be taking my position, or if I returned he would be co-teaching with me. There have been a number of rumors in our community now concerning inappropriate behavior: high school girls coming to my class to supposedly smoke marijuana, all kinds of accusations made by the members of the missionary baptist church at which this minister is the preacher. In the January 24th letter from Mr. Richard Turner, my principal, I was also informed that my suspension had been extended indefinitely.
After the suspension, 100 of 103 students refused to sign a petition listing charges against Mullins, and now the principal of the school has forbid students from taking any action that would get Mullins reinstated.
For more information, Mullins' complete statement and an article in the Beaumont Enterprise.
Post by ILO on 02/07/09 at 1:58 pm
Attempting to justify Donald Trump's unilateral decision to launch ineffective airstrikes on Syria, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer made just the administration's problems much worse, claiming — absurdly — that even Hitler "didn't sink to using chemical weapons." Millions of Jews slaughtered in gas chambers would beg to differ.
See update below.
Donald Trump's administration has had a long history of troubling winks, nods, and outright ties to anti-Semitism. And they have repeatedly offended the Jewish community: By leaving anti-Semitism out of its Holocaust Remembrance Day statement; being slow to denounce anti-Semitic attacks; attacking a Jewish reporter who asked about them; theorizing that those attacks were a false flag; and ending President Obama's tradition of attending a Passover Seder.
And this history was just aggravated by Press Secretary Sean Spicer falsely claiming that Hitler never used chemical weapons.
At his daily press briefing, Spicer was asked by Fox News Radio reporter Jon Decker what reason Putin would have to break his alliance with Assad at this point.
Spicer gave this bewildering response:
DECKER: The alliance between Russia and Syria is a strong one. It goes back decades. President Putin has supplied personnel, he has supplied military equipment to the Assad government. What makes you think at this point he's going to pull back his support for Assad and for the Syrian government right now? SPICER: I think a couple things. You look — we didn't use chemical weapons in World War II. You had a — someone who is despicable as Hitler who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons.
Hitler infamously used the chemical weapon Zyklon B to slaughter millions of Jews during the Holocaust.
Spicer's stunning gaffe is especially troubling in the context of this White House's history on the subject matter. And in trying to clean up the mess of Trump's attack on Syria, Spicer's ridiculously revisionist history just made the mess much worse.
Update: Spicer tried to clean up his gaffe later in the briefing, but made things even worse by asserting that Hitler wasn't “using the gas on his own people,” and that he brought German Jews “to the Holocaust centers”:
VARGAS: Quote, “Hitler didn't even sink to the level of using chemical weapons.” What did you mean by that? SPICER: I think when you come to Sarin gas, there was no — he was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Ashad (sic) is doing. I mean, there is clearly — thank you. I appreciate that. There was not — in the — he brought them into the Holocaust centers, I understand that. But I'm saying, in the way that Assad used them, where he went into towns, dropped them down to innocent, into the middle of towns, it brought — so the use of it, I appreciate the clarification there. That was not the intent.
Sean Spicer should stop digging.
If your phone rang right now and you were asked to label yourself, which one of these three terms — liberal, conservative or moderate — would you say best describes your political views?
That's the question Gallup sought to answer in a recent poll of Americans as part of the group's “State of the State's” series which is intended to “reveal state-by-state differences on political, economic, and wellbeing measures.”
Depending on your notions of the current political landscape in the U.S., and in Minnesota, you might be surprised by what the pollsters at Gallup have discovered. According to their results, 36.8% of the Americans polled self-identify as “conservative,” 22.2% as “liberal,” with the remaining 36.6% preferring to call themselves “moderate.”
The poll was based on a random sample of 178,527 American adults aged 18 and older, with surveys conducted by interview via telephone throughout all of 2013.
Here are the top 10 most liberal and most conservative states according to Gallup's poll:
Minnesota, though leaning slightly left compared to the national averages, is relatively politically balanced based on the poll data — 36.6% of residents call themselves conservatives, 23.3% liberal, and the largest group, 37.6% of Minnesotans, identify themselves as moderates.
In fact, moderation might be the defining characteristic of Minnesota's overall political ideology according to Gallup's findings. Based on ranking, Minnesota has the 33rd largest percentage of self-identified conservatives among all states polled, is 20th highest share of liberals, while finishing at 13th overall in the share of people who describes themselves as moderate.
The Conservative Advantage
Perhaps the most interesting takeaway from the study is large disparity between the number of Americans who define themselves as liberal vs. conservative. We tend to think of American politics as bi-partisan, split, more or less, evenly between two major opposing ideologies and consider the terms “conservative” and “liberal” to be essentially synonymous placeholders for both major parties, respectively. If this is the case, we'd expect to see a fairly uniform divide between self-labeled liberals and their conservative counterparts.
But the data reveals a different story.
In fact, Gallup coined a term “conservative advantage” to describe to large disparity between the percentage of self-identifying liberals and conservatives they found during their research. Conservative advantage is a simple calculation that derives a value by subtracting a population's percentage of self-identifying liberals from that same population's percentage of respondents calling themselves conservatives.
Using that calculation and the poll's results, there was a nationwide conservative advantage of 14.6 in 2013, down from 15.9 in 2012, providing some evidence of a marginally narrowing divide between the opposing political ideologies over the last few years, but also indicating a still-significant remaining gap in this nation between the number of self-labeled liberals and conservatives.
But What About the 2012 Election?
At first glance, the poll data appears to be difficult to reconcile with what we saw in the 2012 Presidential election since Democratic incumbent Barack Obama, who has been long-considered to hold strong “liberal” views, won 51.1% of the popular vote en route to being re-elected to the Oval Office.
In Minnesota, Gallup's results appear to be even more perplexing in light of the state's voting tallies from the most recent Presidential election. In 2012, Obama captured Minnesota's ten members of the electoral college by winning 52.7% of the popular vote.
How, then, can we make any sense of the “conservative advantage” of 14.3 that Gallup assigns to Minnesota when a Democrat won nearly 52% of the vote? And how can a country with only 22.2% of it's population considering themselves to be liberal to elect a President who, prior to taking office in 2008, was cited by a 2007 National Journal rating as “the most liberal Senator in the U.S. Senate” based on his voting record that year in Congress.
How can a liberal politician like Barack Obama be elected (twice) in a state — and in a country — where self-labeled liberal voters are so significantly outnumbered?
A recent paper published out of St. Louis's Washington University echoes the sentiments in questions like these, recognizing the paradoxical nature of citizens' ideological self-identification juxtaposed with their voting tendencies, noting:
“The puzzle is that, on the one hand, Americans who call themselves conservative outnumber those who call themselves liberals and, on the other hand, a majority of Americans take a liberal position on most issues involving federal public policy.”
And also adding:
“We observe that there may be an important difference between labels and policy positions. Asking Americans about the ideological label they choose for themselves and asking about the positions they take on public policy options may be mixing both the level of abstraction and the specific referent of the question.”
The paper's authors call it an “ideological puzzle” and I think that sums it up pretty well. The process of coming to better understand the difference between what people actually believe in regard to public policy and how they label themselves ideologically is a puzzling one.
I wonder if — like so many other confounding problems — it all comes down to definitions?
The Meaning of “Liberal”
Last Monday, the second half of Bill O'Reilly's interview of President Obama was aired on Fox News, the first half having been played a day earlier on Super Bowl Sunday.
Over the course of their rather spirited two-part discussion, O'Reilly pressed the Commander-in-Chief on a range of issues he thought needed addressing, including the problems during Obamacare's rollout, the U.S. response to the Benghazi embassy attack in 2012, and the IRS tax-targeting scandal. Though their rather lively sparring session over many hot-button topics included quite a few memorable soundbites, perhaps the most poignant exchange of the interview was initiated when O'Reilly asked the President plainly, “Are you the most liberal President in U.S. History?”
“Probably not,” Obama affably responded with a grin, adding that President Nixon's policies were, “in a lot of ways,” more liberal than his own.
Now, this seems like a pretty simple question and answer, but what is Independent (though strongly conservative) O'Reilly really asking when he inquires about whether the Democrat President is the most liberal to ever hold America's highest office? And why, in response, did Obama parry O'Reilly's query by suggesting that Richard Nixon — a Republican — was more liberal than he?
Why are both O'Reilly and Obama treating “liberal” as if it were a 4-letter word?*
I'd suggest this subtle verbal judo match over the L-word in the course of their interview was actually of a significantly strategic nature, and closely related to the findings in Gallup's recent poll.
As noted in the Washington University paper, polls and surveys of a similar nature to Gallup's have consistently shown Americans eschew the liberal label — Americans do so even when the ideological positions they hold, as well as their voting tendencies, might best be described by that very term.
For better or worse, the word “liberal” has come to acquire an unbecoming connotation over the last several decades in American politics. It has been used pejoratively (and quite effectively) by Republican candidates against their Democratic opponents dating back to 1960's and 70's.
While 2013's Gallup poll shows some indication that the word's negative associations may be slowly fading over time, both Obama and O'Reilly are aware that in 2014, the data still strongly confirm the liberal label is not a helpful one for candidates seeking elected office. With midterm elections on the horizon this November and 77.8% of Americans, and 76.7% of Minnesotans, preferring to be referred to as moderate or conservative rather than liberal, I'd argue it is wise for anyone with political ambitions to steer clear of too tightly embracing such unpopular monikers.
I'd also argue it was pretty clear from the interview that Bill O'Reilly was trying to pin Barack Obama as a (gasp) liberal and the President calmly guided the discussion away from ideological labels and back to the the core of operational public policy, stating:
“I tend not to think about things in terms of liberal and conservative because, at any given time, the question is ‘What does the country need right now?'”
Here is Fox News' unedited version of Monday's interview, along with the full transcript. And here is Sunday's interview and transcript.
Regardless of the exact causes or effects, at some point, it seems pretty clear liberal became a dirty word in American politics, both on the federal level in Washington, and here in Minnesota. Simultaneously and paradoxically, according to some experts, policy positions traditionally considered to be liberal are more popular now than at perhaps any time in our nation's history.
We are experiencing the reality of what the Washington University paper authors, Christopher Claassen, Patrick Tucker and Steven S. Smith, call the “Operational-Symbolic Ideology Problem” in American politics.
We live in a country and in a state where our stance on the issues, what we believe about the world, what we prefer to label ourselves, and how we vote, can all be very different.
So, if your phone rang right now and you were asked to label yourself politically, what would you say?
Author's Note: *Later in the exchange, Obama does make an attempt to defend liberalism as pragmatic in many cases, noting, “What used to be considered sensible, we now somehow label as liberal,” citing Social Security and Medicare as examples of his point. In my opinion, this particular line of appeal by the President is less of a defense to salvage the L-word, and more of a confirmation that, in Obama's view, liberal has indeed become a pejorative term.
Photos via: Google
The maker of special solar panels designed for roads, driveways and sidewalks is leaning toward building his company's first large-scale factory in the Dayton area.
Scott Brusaw, a University of Dayton and Sinclair Community College graduate, as well as co-founder of Sandpoint, Idaho-based Solar Roadways, is meeting with Montgomery County economic development officials Friday at E-Mek Technologies in Dayton, which supplies Brusaw's company with printed circuit boards.
RELATED: Fuyao increasing market share as auto industry slows
Brusaw said he is considering other locations. But in an interview Friday, he and his science director said locating in Dayton would put their company closer to its suppliers and customers — and would feel like returning “home.”
Brusaw said his PCBs come from Dayton, his solar cell components are made in Franklin and his T-Channel connectors come from Columbus.
RELATED: Indiegogo project wants to replace roads with solar panels
The modular pavement panels can warm up to melt snow and ice on contact and are embedded with LED lights that can be configured to create lanes and direction symbols. The panels are said to last 20 years.
The company is noteworthy on the Web for having launched in 2014 an Indiegogo fund-raising campaign that as of now has more than doubled the company's early goal of $1 million.
Its YouTube video, “Solar Freakin' Roadways,” has gone viral with more than 22 million views.
“Right now, we have a product, we know how to make it,” Brusaw said. But with current capacity, the company can make only three panels a day, he said.
The factory he has in mind would produce 1,000 panels a day with 50 to 100 workers initially.
“We need to roll out the mass production … We want to roll this out as fast as possible,” Brusaw said. Ideally, he would like to start this year.
“We're talking about building a factory, starting shipping, starting the building of products,” said Jeff Harris, vice president of sales for E-Mek, which has 100 workers making circuit boards its Webster Street location.
Alyssa Delbridge, Solar Roadways director of science, said anchoring production in Ohio makes sense.
“We can save ourselves so much money and so much time if we have everything to make these panels in one location,” she said.
Brusaw said he is considering other locations, without saying where. But asked where he is leaning, the former Huber Heights resident said: “Here.”
“It would be kind of nice to be able to come back,” he said.
Matt Brown has never been happier with the team surrounding him than the fighters and coaches he's worked with since relocating to Denver to train at the MusclePharm gym.
For the past year, Brown has been learning under coaches like Eliot Marshall while training alongside fighters like former bantamweight champion T.J. Dillashaw and fellow welterweight contender Neil Magny.
Just recently, Brown added another piece to the puzzle by beginning work with former UFC fighter turned award winning coach Duane “Bang” Ludwig.
Article continues below ...
Ludwig came to prominence as a coach a few years ago when he took over the program at Team Alpha Male and went on an incredible undefeated streak while leading fighters like Dillashaw to the promise land where he became a UFC champion.
Ludwig eventually left the team to start his own gym at home in Colorado but Dillashaw soon followed as well as two-time UFC title contender Joseph Benavidez, who also relocated to the area part time while training for his upcoming fights.
Now Brown is the latest fighter to call upon Ludwig's expertise as he prepares for his upcoming bout at UFC 206 against Donald “Cowboy” Cerrone.
“I'm working with Duane Ludwig a lot more. I think he's added a lot to the whole atmosphere and situation. I'm really happy about that,” Brown told FOX Sports.
“I think he's amazing. The big thing about him that I like is that he's obsessed with this game. That's a good feeling for someone to have the same passion that you do. If you look at this as a business, a fight as a business, the analogy is if you're starting a business you can never find someone that cares about the business as you do. That's why it's so hard to start a business because you have to put so much into it yourself because no one else is going to give as much as you do.”
According to Brown, he's found a coach that's just as obsessed about his success in Ludwig, who is a constant student of the game while pouring hours into training as well as video study to get his fighters ready for battle.
Brown is very similar in his own mindset where he's always preparing for his upcoming fight in some way, form or fashion. He might be training or he might just be reading a book, but it's all meant for the sole purpose of winning on the night he steps into the Octagon.
Brown says Ludwig is built the same way and that's what has made him such an asset to fighters like Dillashaw in the past and why he's now proud to call him a coach as well.
“When I look at that with Duane, I actually feel like he's giving as much as I am,” Brown said. “That's a really good feeling to know that someone cares that much. I don't know him as well as Joseph (Benavidez) or TJ (Dillashaw) but it feels like it goes beyond just a business deal or business situation. He truly enjoys the fight.”
Brown has always looked to add different elements to his training camps to truly get better for every, single fight, which is part of the reason why he relocated to Denver in the first place.
Now he's got another weapon to add to the arsenal with Ludwig as part of his team while also serving as one of his corner men for this weekend's fight in Toronto.
“There's so much to this game it drives me crazy when people think they're already there or they've reached the pinnacle of everything they can learn. There's always more to learn. There's always more to absorb. Duane comes across to me as that type of guy,” Brown explained. “He's always learning more, training more and he's still strategizing and breaking new things down and figuring things out.
“He's a true martial artist and has made a great transition to coaching. I think he's going to be a great addition to my team to help take me to the next level.”
During routine archaeological research as part of the Ancient Egypt Leatherwork Project (AELP) carried out by Salima Ikram, Professor of Egyptology at the American University in Cairo (AUC) and Andre Veldmeijer, head of the Egyptology section at the Netherlands Flemish Institute in Cairo, a collection of 300 leather fragments of an Old Kingdom chariot were uncovered at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
Ikram describes the discovery as very important and the collection as “extremely rare.” Only a handful of complete chariots are known from ancient Egypt, and of these, only one heavily restored in Florence and one in the Egyptian Museum have any significant amount of leather.
“Even then, they are largely unembellished and not as well-preserved as the fragments we found,” asserted Ikram. Although horse-drawn chariots are often illustrated in ancient Egyptian artwork, she said, archaeological evidence that goes beyond wooden frames is rare due to their organic nature, as leather fragments seldom survive.
“The fragments are in a much better shape than we originally anticipated, and we were able to achieve a sense of how the leather unfolds,” Ikram pointed out, adding that the fine condition that the leather was in suggests that it may have been preserved in a tomb.
The archaeological team is now studying the technology and resources used to make the leather chariots in order to reconstruct a complete exact replica of an ancient Egyptian royal leather chariot in 2014.
“The team is also going to test hypotheses about the uses of the different pieces of leather, which may prove to be a challenging endeavour,” said Ikram.
She explains that studies on the newly discovered leather fragments reveal that some pieces are folded over in a crumpled state, and the reconstruction of certain portions while trying to maintain accuracy in reproducing the technologies used might be more difficult than anticipated.
The AELP started in 2008 working on all leather artefacts on display at the Egyptian Museum. During the work, Ikram and Veldmeijer came across a 1950s publication by Robert Jacobus Forbes titled Studies in Ancient Technology with a black and white photograph of ancient reigns and horse harnesses, evidently intact and said to exist at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
Thrilled by Forbes's findings, both Egyptologists sought the help of museum curators to locate a cache of leather items related to an ancient chariot, including parts of the bow-case.
Ikram and Veldmeijer documented, examined and conducted analytical studies of the technology and resources utilised. They categorised the leather into two main groups based on colour and sturdiness. The leather fragments have been numbered and described, and include nave hoops, neck straps, gauntlets and parts of the bow-case. The remnants evidently comprised all parts of the chariot.
“Everything we saw about the chariot leather was new,” affirmed Ikram, adding that it provided a revelation on how the chariot was put together in terms of the technologies and materials used.
“Our examinations also disclosed how drawstrings served as the means of securing leather components over the skeleton of the chariot.”
According to a press release sent from the AUC press, the findings fit in with a larger multidisciplinary and holistic research venture on leatherwork in ancient Egypt, which also includes the study of other fragmentary chariot pieces, such as those originating from the tombs of Thutmose IV (Carter and Newberry, 1904), Amenhotep II (Daressy, 1902) and Amenhotep III (Littauer and Crouwel, 1985, 1968 and 1987), as well as the leather finds from the Amarna period (Veldmeijer, 2010). This larger project is directed by Veldmeijer and Ikram.
“Chariots introduced the notion of roadways for faster wheel conveyance, revolutionising the way Egyptians moved through the landscape and pioneering means of transportation and warfare,” said Ikram.
Short link:
As a rule, a public anesthetized by gun abuse tends to pay attention to the ubiquity of guns in this country when massacres seize the headlines, like the San Bernardino terrorist attack that left 14 dead, or the shooting of 20 schoolchildren in Connecticut. But the full problem is far more widespread, deadly and almost routine, according to a survey by a team of reporters from The Times reviewing a year of these multiple shootings.
Tracking 358 armed encounters last year in which four or more people were killed or wounded, including attackers, the team counted 462 dead and 1,330 wounded, some scarred for life.
These brief, lethal outbursts of gunfire stirred no national concern. As a sum, they register like a dispatch from a secret war zone. They were sparked by minor, often drunken grievances — forgettable if guns had not been at hand. And the victims in these shootings are just a subset of the nearly 11,000 Americans killed by guns and the estimated 60,000 wounded each year in single homicides and assaults.
This is a public health challenge of critical proportions deserving a thorough debate from the presidential candidates. Yet Donald Trump, in his march toward the Republican nomination, has made a befuddling series of corkscrew turns on guns, depending on his audience.
He went for full-throated Second Amendment pandering before the National Rifle Association, which endorsed him, last Friday. But two days later, talking to an interviewer on national TV, not gun zealots at a convention, he backed away from his vow earlier this year to ban all gun-free zones in schools on Day 1 in the White House. In his latest molting, Mr. Trump wants guns allowed only “in some cases” where teachers can be armed and trained.
In contrast, Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic candidate, has for months been proposing a consistent agenda of gun controls. Mr. Trump previously favored a ban on assault weapons, but he dropped that once he was running as a Republican.
The Sherlock team are reuniting on a new version of the classic horror story Dracula, RadioTimes.com can confirm.
Advertisement
Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss are due to begin work on a series of BBC specials based on the classic 1897 novel by Bram Stoker in which the bloodthirsty count moves from Transylvania to England.
The Corporation is finalising talks with the pair and is poised to green-light the project which is likely to air in 2019.
The new Dracula series has not yet been written and Gatiss and Moffat will begin working on the scripts once they have both completed their own solo projects – details of which have not been confirmed.
Sherlock producer – and Moffat's wife – Sue Vertue will produce Dracula for Sherlock production house Hartswood Films.
“It's early days and the BBC has not seen a script yet but they are close to signing a deal for a series of 90-minute films of Dracula,” said a senior production source.
“It's not yet been decided if it will be historical or modern day or if there will be a US co-producer but the BBC are keen on this and it will happen. What needs to be decided is how many episodes – whether there are three or five or six or whatever but they will definitely be 90-minute films.
“Production is at least a year away so it will probably be on screen in 2019 at the earliest.”
Dracula will be the first collaboration between Moffat and Gatiss since the last Sherlock episode aired in January – and the pair have made no secret of their desire to work together again.
Moffat first revealed his desire to collaborate with Gatiss again post-Sherlock at the Radio Times Covers Party earlier this year, saying: “That is because I love him”.
Gatiss has often spoken of his fondness for the Dracula story – particularly the 1958 film starring Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing – and even played the title role himself in a recent audio drama, but it currently seems unlikely that he will take on the part of the Count in the new version, according to sources.
“Casting is a long way off but the feeling is he probably won't – but you never know,” said a BBC source.
The producers will be hoping for more success with this project than the version of Dracula made by Downton Abbey producers Carnival Films in 2013 starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers. The ten-episode run aired on NBC and Sky Living in the UK and was axed after one series.
Advertisement
As for the next series of Sherlock, a production source said: “Sherlock will return when Sherlock returns.”
This article is over 3 years old
Retailer recalls nearly 70,000 own-brand packets after Aberdeenshire watchdog discovers several were below weight declared on packaging
Tesco has withdrawn almost 70,000 packs of garlic bread slices after an investigation found some were underweight.
During two visits to stores in Aberdeenshire, Trading Standards officers said they discovered 39 packets of the supermarket's own-brand product had net weights below the figure declared on the packaging. One 290g pack was recorded as having a net weight of 229.8g – about 20% lighter than stated.
Tesco said more than 66,000 packets were withdrawn from stores across the UK in August. The product's producer, Bakkavör Foods, has since put in place several measures to avoid a repeat of the incident.
The Trading Standards manager, Wilma Urquhart, said: “Aberdeenshire council's Trading Standards service takes these incidents extremely seriously and we were pleased to see that the supermarket acted swiftly following the discovery.
“By issuing an emergency product withdrawal, batches worth £93,000 have been removed from the shelves.
“Our work is very important in protecting both consumers and businesses from unfair competition, and the service will continue to work with both Tesco and Bakkavör to ensure legislative compliance.”
Food and drink sellers are governed by the weights and measures (packaged goods) regulations 2006, which places legal liability in such circumstances on the packer of the goods and not the seller.
A Bakkavör spokeswoman said: “We confirm that a bakery product made on behalf of a customer has been recalled due to an error with product weight.
“Bakkavör takes such incidents seriously and sincerely apologises for this error. We have put in place a number of measures to prevent a similar incident arising in the future.
“We wish to reassure customers and consumers of our continued commitment to compliance and the highest standards of production.”
A Tesco spokesman said: “We take great care to deliver clear information for our customers so they can make informed decisions on the products they buy and to ensure that customers receive the stated quantity of product.
“We are disappointed that errors occurred with a very small number of products and we have worked with our supplier to ensure there is no repeat of the issue.”
Samsung Galaxy Note7 owners are being forced to give up their phones — that doesn't mean they're all going to go quietly into the night, though.
Just because some devoted Note7 owners have been told their phones are too dangerous to own, are banned from airlines forever, and will be crippled by software updates doesn't mean they're all simply heeding the global recall. But what recourse do these (either unwaveringly brave, or incredibly reckless and stupid) phone owners have? What can they possibly do to keep Samsung from prying their precious Note7s from them?
Fight the system, and rebel... by joining a Facebook group, of course, to seek solace (and action) in these dark times.
There aren't just one, but two Facebook groups of feverish Note7 owners that exist for this purpose. Meet the "Note7 Alliance" and "Note7 Rebels." The groups (who are also gathered in their own respective online forums here and here) are currently invite-only, although there appears to be no criteria for getting in — I was approved in less than five minutes after requesting to join the Note7 Alliance.
The existence of Facebook groups such as these should come as no surprise, though.
Many of these users are diehard Samsung fans desperate to keep their phones active.
With reports of Samsung having reportedly completed its internal investigation into what what ultimately doomed the Note7 and carriers pushing "kill-switch" updates to remotely block the phones from cellular networks and prevent them from charging, some Note7 "rebels" refusing to give their devices up are taking matters into their own hands.
A Cause of 'Note'
Scrolling through the comments in the Note7 Alliance group, it's clear many of these users are diehard Samsung fans, desperate to keep their phones active.
"The Alliance is a group of tech-savvy, resourceful and relentless people," a moderator who wished to remain anonymous told Mashable over a Facebook Messenger exchange.
"We have been able to stop Samsung from crippling the battery here in the U.S., as well as restoring those phones that were affected back to 100 percent charging. We are also working on ways to help those in other countries to circumvent the IMEI block from their carriers. We have members from all over the world."
As a member of the group, you'll find everything from video tutorials on how to flash the Note7 with new software, to one-on-one personal tips on how to bypass or circumvent the kill-switch carrier updates, to users displaying their homemade charging contraptions, thrown together to minimize the threat of a possible fire.
Here's just a sampling of the types of posts you'll find on Note7 Alliance:
Resisting hard. Image: screenshot: mashable
This person wants some help on how to reverse an update that limited his Note7's maximum charging functionality. Image: SCREENSHOT: MASHABLE
This person is sure showing the carriers who's boss! Image: SCREENSHOT: MASHABLE
Sure, just live life storing your Note7 in a crockpot. Image: SCREENSHOT: MASHABLE
Inspired by the person above, this Note7 owner made a charging contraption out of a water tank and plastic wrap to keep their phone from ever overheating. Definitely safe (it's not). Image: SCREENSHOT: MASHABLE
Some users are prouder of their banned Note7 status and just had to make a case for it. Image: SCREENSHOT: MASHABLE
This kind of collective rallying power against a multinational corporation would be commendable — if not for the very fact that the Note7 is a ticking time bomb, of course.
No matter how small the chance of a Note7 exploding is, Samsung's decision to do a double global recall and then discontinue the device should tell you all there is to know: The Note7's defect(s) — whatever the reason is — isn't worth risking your life, or the lives of the people around you.
"We are a community of people who love this phone so much that we are taking measures to keep it at all costs."
To get a better understanding on why these owners are ignoring the dangers, we reached out to several of the Note7 Alliance members.
Explosive Fandoms
The same moderator expressed substantial adoration for the beloved Note7, explosiveness notwithstanding. "We are a community of people who love this phone so much that we are taking measures to keep it at all costs," the moderator explained. "The Note7 is the best phone out there. Nothing compares to it. Samsung wants consumers to return their phones, yet," the moderator went on, "they are not offering any comparable models and they still have not explained exactly what caused the phone to catch on fire."
In other words? "Yes, preserving this phone is definitely worth the hassle."
"Some of us waited forever to get this phone and then Samsung turns around and tells us to give it back, over a voluntary recall? I had my phone for three days before they wanted me to turn it in. I will continue to block their updates until either the Note8 comes out or a comparable phone. Part of this is more about the principle of the matter than it is just loving the phone."
Karen Legrand, another active member of the Note7 Alliance and a loyal Samsung Galaxy user who's owned every single Galaxy phone—including three different Galaxies Notes—echoed the group moderator's sentiment, citing her frustration with Samsung's handling of the recall/exchange process as one reason why she's not giving in.
It's even become a personal matter for her, now.
"I went so far as to email Samsung's president for help, but received no response," said Legrand. "They apologized to me, and even gave me a ticket number, but in the end they did not do one thing to help me. I have dozens of emails and recorded phone conversations with them... and they have the nerve to blow me off and expect me to just give [the Note7] back?"
A collection of Karen Legrand's Note7 accessories. Image: Karen legrand
And it's just not feeling betrayed by her loyalty to Samsung that's made this a cause worth fighting for—she's also invested substantially in the phone by way of committing to the device's ecosystem of accessories (she owned a Gear 360 and a Gear VR). "I bought the wide-angle and telephoto lens case and all types of cases for the Note7 (about $1,500 spent in total)."
"There are many of us out there that feel Samsung betrayed us, but at the same time," said Legrand, "there's not a comparable device to swap to. Samsung makes the best cell phone and camera on the market; I bought an LG V20 and kept it for three weeks before selling it."
SEE ALSO: How the push for thinner phones contributed to the Samsung Note7 debacle
As for whether or not this means she'll be buying into Samsung's upcoming line of flagship phones (the Galaxy S8 and Note8), Legrand said she'll likely consider it.
A Matter of Principle
Other Note7 owners and members of the Alliance like Miguelina Betty are resisting if only because they believe Samsung's gone too far over what started as a voluntary recall.
"I am not giving up my Note7 because it is in my right to keep it," Betty said. "This is voluntary recall and as the consumer, it is my decision whether or not I want to keep a recalled item."
She sent the following screenshot from Samsung's Galaxy Note7 Safety recall website to emphasize her rights:
Image: miguelina betty
When pressed further on the potential liabilities—like, say, if her Note7 exploded in public, Betty remained unfazed.
"I am no more worried than I would be if I was carrying any other kind of product that could potentially combust," she said. "If something were to happen in public, I would treat it as I would any potential circumstance. I have weighed the risks and rewards of continuing to use my Note7. I have backup phones that I can take on an airplane or Amtrak, so I am not too inconvenienced by the FAA ban."
"I have weighed the risks and rewards of continuing to use my Note7."
For Betty, the Alliance is a great resource to keep the Note7 "alive," but it's more than just a forum for abandoned Note7 owners to air their grievances. The group has become a community to meet new people and learn new things about their Android phone they otherwise might not have bothered to explore.
"The 'lengths' I have gone through to circumvent the update has been fun. I have learned many things about cell phones, in general, that I would have never known otherwise," Betty said. "Being a part of the Note7 Alliance has allowed me the opportunity to engage with many types of people. I get to share my expertise with other tech-savvy people and come to rescue for those who are in need of guidance. It has been wonderful getting to know people who have never customized the software of anything in their lives, and want to get to know a deep technical understanding of the Note7 just so they can continue to use it at its full caliber."
Image: screenshot: mashable
Mashable Entertainment Editor Josh Dickey—who defiantly refused to give up his Note7 back in October—at one point went so far as to cite Fight Club in his defense.
But it turns out Dickey gave up his Note7 a little while back when he needed to fly to Dubai. "I was holding onto [my Note7] because it was convenient to do so," Dickey said. "I did resist the earlier updates, the ones that would only allow you to charge up to 60 percent, etc. I just swiped away the push notifications and ignored the text messages."
But ultimately, he found himself giving in. "[Resisting carrier updates through the use of custom software] goes so far beyond convenient that I wouldn't be able to justify it," Dickey said.
That doesn't mean he's remorseful for his actions. On the contrary: he felt "brave and rebellious" for not handing his phone over to Samsung — the same theme that seems to pervade the Note7 Alliance.
"I was mostly being defiant against our culture of hysteria. People just love to feel like they're in control of the danger around them. This was a perfect manifestation of that, which is why people were so upset with me for keeping mine — despite that the math tells us I had a far better chance of being hit by an airplane falling out of the sky."
Seeing the "the best phone ever" get neutered really hurts, and the only thing that'll make it better is the Galaxy S8 and Note 8.
As it stands, Samsung's already recalled "more than 93 percent" of all recalled Note7 phones in the U.S. When pressed for a global percentage, a Samsung Electronics America spokesperson said the company had nothing to share. And when asked about the Note7 Facebook groups, Samsung only gave its boilerplate statement, urging anyone who hasn't yet exchanged their Note7 to do so immediately.
Anecdotally, a skim through the comments in the Note7 Alliance group suggests a majority of them are international Note7 users.
The high percentage of recalled devices is good news for Samsung, as it rebounds from the disastrous recall.
But despite the evident danger the phones could potentially present, at least one Note7 Alliance member remained skeptical as to why Samsung's willing to jump through extra hoops for the remaining seven percent of Note7 devices.
"To bully a shutdown is extreme," the member wrote, in reply to their original conspiracy theory comment in the group. "Why not give us till [the Galaxy S8 launches]?"
This particular member feels Samsung is overreaching, going so far as to attack the company for dictating "what I want to do with my money and how I feel on what I want to keep."
Another member chimed in, agreeing: "Even if my phone didn't work I still wouldn't give it back just to spite them. I'll take that $800 hit."
Whether they're passionate advocates of consumer rights, reckless gadget enthusiasts or just plain lunatics, at the end of the day, the members of the Note7 Alliance are huge Samsung fans. Any company even remotely resembling Samsung would fall over themselves to have loyalists like them. And like all tech fans, they just want the best. For them, seeing the "the best phone ever" get neutered really hurts, and the only thing that'll soothe the pain is to hold onto the Note7 even tighter. Clearly, they'll only give up their phones — scorched or intact — if they're pried from their cold, dead hands.
The present study used individual-level healthcare cost data to quantify the change in healthcare cost associated with greater BMI. The data indicated that a unit difference in BMI of a UK adult relates to a £16 difference in annual healthcare cost, across the BMI range 20–40 kg m−2, with very similar figures for men and women. The data were collected from a large number (65) of randomly selected general practices across UK, reflecting both rural and urban populations, and across a wide range of socio-economic catchments, as indicated by the postal codes. The sample size was large (n=3324) and the ability to control for lifestyle factors was important, to confirm the significant association between BMI, lifestyle factors and healthcare cost.
At the univariate level of analyses, healthcare cost was significantly associated with age, sex, BMI and lifestyle factors. Women had greater healthcare cost than men, and cost increased with increasing age. Physical activity appeared to be protective, whereas smoking increases healthcare cost. After adjustments, inactivity was no longer significantly associated with healthcare cost, perhaps because the effects of physical activity on healthcare cost are mediated through changes in BMI and after controlling for BMI, and smoking and drinking (which also influence BMI), the independent effect of physical activity was no longer significant.
Paradoxically, alcohol consumers had lower healthcare cost compared with non-drinkers. The relationship between health and alcohol consumption is a ‘J-shaped' curve,29 such that low-to-moderate drinking is protective against ill health, so might reduce healthcare cost. However, it could be that drinkers did not take up healthcare appointments or stopped seeking healthcare, thus reducing their healthcare cost. Alternatively, sick individuals might have stopped drinking or simply misreported no consumption, thus leading to misclassification. Social desirability response bias is a major limitation to all self-report data.30 Many confounders and mediators affect the relationship between healthcare cost and BMI. Biologically, men and women have different health needs. BMI increases with age, and health commonly deteriorates. Physical activity is useful in weight control, and has other health benefits. Smokers tend to have lower weights but poorer health, whereas alcohol consumption may be associated with excess weight and also poor health, and non-drinkers include sick former drinkers.
After adjusting for age, sex and lifestyle, increasing BMI remained significantly associated with higher healthcare cost. If this association were causal, BMI might not simply be in the causal pathway between biology/lifestyle and healthcare cost, but may have its own marginal effect on healthcare cost. Across the BMI range 20–40 kg m−2, adjusted annual healthcare cost was £16 greater for each higher unit BMI. This figure might be of value in planning obesity prevention and weight management services. However, the gradient of healthcare costs, between BMI 20 and 40 kg m−2 seen in this study is likely to underestimate the true gradients, because the study relied on data from patients whose height and weight had been recorded. The reasons for recording height and weight in primary care vary. First, only patients attending for a consultation of some kinds are included. Second, although those with BMI>30 kg m−2 may have had height and weight recorded purely because of their evident obesity, these measurements are rarely made for normal-weight patients (BMI<25 kg m−2)—and usually only if there is a disease which threatens weight-loss. Thus, the normal-weight patients in the present study are likely to be those with relatively high disease burdens.
In Figure 2, it appears healthcare costs plateaus at BMI 35 kg m−2. This may be a statistical uncertainty due to the relatively small numbers in the highest BMI categories. Above BMI 35 kg m−2, the number of subjects at each BMI point dropped to <60 compared with >200 subjects for BMI 22–28 kg m−2, and >100 subject for BMI 29–34 kg m−2. The study was not stratified to achieve equal numbers for each BMI point. However, these numbers may reflect current population distribution of BMI. There is in fact a small increase in adjusted healthcare cost at each higher BMI point above 35 kg m−2. Viewed as a whole, there is a steady increase in healthcare costs with higher BMI.
A limitation of the project was variation in how and when weight and height were measured. In more recent times, due to the rising awareness of obesity, patients usually have weight and height recorded at registration with a GP. In this study, height was generally by self-report. There were multiple entries for weights of some people, for whom the average weight recorded during the data collection period was used. For some participants, there were no recorded weights during the study period and the last recorded weight, which could have changed, was used. However, if weight is not being recorded, it is less likely that there is weight change in the particular individual.
Alcohol, smoking and physical activity were self-reported, so the reliability of these measurements is weak. However, using categorical data for these variables improved their validity. There were missing data for these measurements, requiring creation of dummy variables. Also, the data in medical records did not include information on education, occupation or socio-economic status, which are important determinants of health and healthcare use.
These cross-sectional data may be used for planning healthcare and weight management programmes, though with caution; they are based on patients who had height and weight recorded in primary care and not a representative sample of the general population.
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE HAVE TOKEEP PLAYING.
NOBODY TOLD US IF WEWON TOO MANY GAMES
WE'D GO ON TOTHE FINALS !
LOOK, YOU GUYS, MAYBEIT'S NOT ALL THAT BAD.
NOT ALL THAT BAD ?
HOW CAN YOUSAY THAT ?
YOU HATE THIS GAMEMORE THAN ANY OF US !
I KNOW, BUT LISTEN--
THE FINALS ARE ALL SUDDEN DEATHELIMINATION, RIGHT ?
THAT MEANS AS SOON AS WE LOSEONE GAME, OUR SEASON IS OVER.
WELL, YEAH, BUT...WE USUALLY WIN.
ALL THE OTHER TEAMSARE WORSE THAN US.
YEAH, LET'S FACE IT,WE'RE WINNERS.
I KNOW WE CAN LOSEIF WE TRY.
YOU MEAN THROW THE GAME ?
YOU KNOW HOW OUR PARENTS AREABOUT THIS SPORT.
YEAH, MY DAD ALWAYS SAIDIT'S OKAY TO LOSE,
BUT IF YOU DON'T TRY,YOU'RE GROUNDED, MISTER.
YEAH.UH-HUH.
OKAY, SO THEN WE'LL JUST TELLTHE OTHER TEAM QUIETLY
THAT WE'RE GONNALET THEM WIN,
AND THEN WE'LL ACT LIKEWE'RE TRYING.
OUR PARENTSWILL NEVER KNOW.
WE BETTER HOPETHEY NEVER KNOW,
OR ELSE THERE'S GONNA BEHECK TO PAY.
HECK, I TELL YA.
Lucas Perez is on the verge of ending his nightmare stay with Arsenal as the striker nears a return to Deportivo La Coruna.
The 28-year-old has endured a tough time at the Emirates Stadium since his £12.7million arrival last summer.
Arsene Wenger signed the striker following a prolific 2015-16 season which saw Perez score 17 goals in 36 games for Deportivo.
Lucas Perez only registered one Premier League goal last season from 11 appearances
But he has failed to reproduce that form at Arsenal and only scored once, in the 3-3 draw away to Bournemouth, in his 11 Premier League appearances last season.
He was excluded from Arsenal's squad in their opening-night victory over Leicester and now an imminent transfer back to the Riazor is likely, with the fee believed to be around £10.9m.
Terms are yet to be agreed between the clubs but his agent, Rodrigo Fernandez Lovelle, confirmed an offer has been made for the Spaniard.
He told Sky Sports: 'I think the £10.9million that Deportivo La Coruna have offered Arsenal is a great deal. Deportivo received £12.7million when they sold him to them last summer.
He moved to the Emirates Stadium in 2016 after a prolific campaign with Deportivo La Coruna
'They are giving everything to make this transfer possible. Lucas wants to play but he has a contract with Arsenal. I am hopeful an agreement can be reached.'
Pepe Mel's side kick-off their LaLiga campaign with a visit from champions Real Madrid on Sunday.
It's Unethical to Bring Children into a World That Doesn't Have Kingdom Hearts III Yet
Do you have kids? If you answered yes, then you are a monster. How could you bring children into such a cruel, callous world that doesn't have Kingdom Hearts III in it?
It's selfish to introduce a new soul to a planet that is objectively worse than the one you grew up on. Why would you procreate when you know your kids won't have access to the same quality of Kingdom Hearts games that their parents enjoyed?
We haven't had a new adventure with Sora, Goofy, and Donald in almost twelve years, and the only Heartless I see around here are the ones who callously spawn life onto a dying Earth despite knowing that fact.
Read More From Hard Drive, The Only Ethical Gaming Journalism Site on The Internet:
In a world without Kingdom Hearts III, there is only darkness in our futures.
And don't you dare try to tell me that Chain of Memories came out in 2007, or that Birth By Sleep came out in 2010, or that Dream Drop Distance came out in 2012, because those were all on handhelds and we both know that shit doesn't count.
Think of all the great Disney movies and Square Enix games that have been released recently. Now realize the tragedy that none of those characters have met each other. No baby would consent to being born into such a forsaken hellscape.
You can't ask a child if it wants to be born, but if you could it would probably say “Can I go on a magical journey where I team up with Noctis and Moana to save San Fransokyo from the Nobodies?” And you would have to look that unborn baby in the eyes and say “No.”
Can you look your fetus in the eyes and break its unborn heart?
If you're thinking of starting a family, do your future kids a favor and don't have them. There's enough suffering in this world already, because I've been in unspeakable agony for the last 15 years waiting to see Sora and Kairi finally kiss.
Article by Gabe Wood.
Hard Drive is the most ethical gaming journalism on the internet. Follow us on Facebook to keep up.
Toon Talk Weekly - Episode 052 - “Aqua Teen Hunger Force”
In episode 52 of Toon Talk Weekly, we reminisce about one whole year of episodes! We talk about our favorite cartoons, shows we wished we'd watched more of, and even shows we could have skipped over entirely.
After the walk down memory lane, we talk about the series Aqua Teen Hunger Force and watch an episode from season 4 entitled “Ezekial.”
Download the MP3 (39.3mb) or subscribe on iTunes!
Aqua Teen Hunger Force has been around for over 10 years! The show first aired in 2001 and is still running to this day. This show definitely feels like the face of the Adult Swim brand. We also couldn't help but toss in the incredible theme song that's super catchy.
Of course we couldn't let episode 52 go by without mentioning some of the most memorable cartoons we've had the chance to experience. Find some of our favorite past episodes on the new Toon Talk Weekly homepage!
Get in touch with us! Find us on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or send us an email with your feedback, thoughts, questions, or recommendations!
Green Man Gaming's refund policy states that it does not offer refunds "due to your dissatisfaction with the product or if your computer does not meet the minimum Product requirements." For Batman: Arkham Knight , however, it's willing to make an exception, but not until Warner has had a chance to clean up its mess.
That mess, of course, is the " disastrous " state of the PC version at launch, which we dug into in some depth here . Essentially, the game is playable with some work, but doesn't run nearly as well as it should—and good luck if you have an AMD card. Both AMD and Nvidia have released updated video drivers that better support the game, but the whole thing has the whiff of problems that may never entirely go away.
"Warner Bros. are currently working on a patch which we are hoping will be released soon," GMG wrote in a recent blog post . "We want you to enjoy your game, but if after the fix has been released, you still cannot play your game, we will process refund requests for the game."
The post doesn't nail down the specifics of "cannot play," whether it requires complete non-functionality or just a certain level of poor performance, nor how it will determine the state of each player's game. We've reached out for more information but for now, the safe bet is that if you ask for a refund, you'll probably get it.
GMG also reposted a message from the Steam forums in which Warner offered advice for getting Arkham Knight to run on minimum and recommended hardware. The short version is that borderline systems should run the game at low resolution (1280x720), set textures, shadows, and detail to "low," and turn off all effects; PCs meeting the recommended specs should be able to go to 1920x1080 with normal textures, shadows, and detail, but still need to have all other effects turned off. Warner also suggests avoiding Nvidia's GeForce Experience and AMD's Gaming Evolved tools, and not messing with your page file or any .INI files, "as this will potentially negatively impact performance, including frame rate, and stability."
It is nearly 350 years since scientists first discovered that our bodies are made up of tiny building blocks known as cells. Today we still know very little about their nature, but if we did, we could better understand how our bodies work, how diseases afflict us and how we age.
A global project called Human Cell Atlas is now attempting to create the first comprehensive three-dimensional map of the human body in order to unravel some of these mysteries.
‘It will hopefully have the same impact as when the human genome was sequenced,' said Dr Linas Mazutis, a biochemist at Vilnius University in Lithuania. ‘A human cell atlas could set the stage to develop new technologies and provide new answers about the human body.'
The project could also lead to better diagnosis and treatment of diseases, but taking a census of all human cells is no simple task – there are an estimated 40 trillion in each adult body.
Dr Mazutis coordinates an EU-funded project called Cells-in-drops, which is aimed at developing some of the techniques needed to create this enormous map of human cells.
Their technology allows thousands of individual cells to be rapidly isolated into microscopic water droplets around 100 micrometres across – about the same width as a human hair.
Known as droplet microfluidics, this approach can be loaded with biochemical reagents that break open the cells, spilling their contents into the water they are encased in.
This essentially turns each droplet into a microscopic test tube where the genetic material, or its other contents, can be analysed.
‘A human cell atlas could set the stage to develop new technologies and provide new answers about the human body.' Dr Linas Mazutis, Vilnius University, Lithuania
‘We are particularly looking at gene expression programs of single cells,' said Dr Mazutis.
This is important as not all genes, or DNA, in every cell in the human body are switched on – in some tissues certain genes are deactivated while others are amplified.
DNA can also be read in different ways depending on the cell it is in, meaning different proteins can be produced from the same genetic code.
To help unravel this complexity, Dr Mazutis co-developed a technique with colleagues at Harvard University that analyses another type of genetic material called ribonucleic acid (RNA).
Barcoding
RNA plays an important role in cells by helping to translate the DNA code into proteins the cell needs to grow or replicate. Analysing this can then reveal details about a cell's activity and functions.
The technique used by Dr Mazutis converts the RNA from a cell in one of the microdroplets back into DNA, but adds a unique barcode into the sequence of genes. The genetic material from all of the droplets are then pooled together and analysed in bulk.
As the genetic material from each droplet has been labelled with a barcode, it means the RNA sequences from each cell can be individually identified.
Compared to previous techniques, which required separating cells into 96 individual wells on a plastic plate, it is orders of magnitude faster and cheaper, something that will be essential for building the Human Cell Atlas.
Doing this for 40 trillion cells, however, will generate staggering volumes of data, requiring expertise from around the world in many different disciplines, but scientists are already seeing what may come out of it.
Professor Ehud Shapiro, a computer scientist and biologist at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel, said: ‘The Human Cell Atlas 1.0 is trying to map all cell types in the human body.
‘Once that is achieved, the thought is to look at questions of cell lineage to produce a sort of 4D atlas of human cell development over time.'
Cellular history
The first multi-cellular organism to have its cellular history mapped was a tiny 1 millimetre-long nematode worm called Caenorhabditis elegans. Composed of just 1 000 cells when fully grown, the worm was filmed as it matured from a cell into an adult, allowing scientists to follow its development.
This feat has not been repeated with any larger organism due to the difficulties in tracking cells in this way. But Prof. Shapiro and his team are developing techniques that allow them to reconstruct the lineage of cells in the human body, using tiny errors that occur in parts of the genome known as microsatellites.
These are composed of long repeats of the same code, which suffer errors as the DNA is copied when cells divide and replicate.
Prof. Shapiro and his colleagues calculated that they could reconstruct the family tree of a cell if they could track one million of these errors in its DNA. But so far it has only been possible to examine just a few hundred microsatellite errors in each cell.
However, Prof. Shapiro has being developing new techniques to look at thousands and even tens of thousands at a time.
In a project funded by the EU's European Research Council, called LineageDiscovery, he is now working on an advanced technology called padlock, or molecular inversion, which uses open loop-shaped genetic probes to target potential sites of errors.
‘So far we can use 12 000 padlock probes at once and we are now working on using 50 000 probes,' explained Prof. Shapiro. ‘It makes a million probes seem not so far away.'
If successful, unlocking the human cell lineage tree in this way could answer some of the fundamental questions bothering biologists today. For example, it could help uncover why some cancers spread to new areas in the body.
‘Do they originate from a single cancer cell that escapes into the blood stream, or is there continual leakage from the primary tumour and there are thousands or millions of cells that independently create metastases? We are still far away from a definite answer,' said Prof. Shapiro.
Similarly there are many questions about human development that could be answered too, like which tissues in the body can regenerate during adulthood. But before these can be answered, according to Dr Mazutis, scientists must overcome a few hurdles.
‘We don't know how different the human cell atlas of one person will be from that of another. This all means building a human cell atlas is going to be a huge challenge,' he said.
If you liked this article, please consider sharing it on social media.
In a bizarre twist, the National Prosecuting Authority has charged the 259 arrested Marikana miners with the murder of their 34 colleagues, shot dead by the police.
Frank Lesenyego, the NPA's regional spokesman, yesterday confirmed that the miners had been charged with murder and not public violence as previously stated.
Asked to clarify the confusion - after police commissioner Riah Phiyega had earlier confirmed that the miners died after police shot at them with live ammunition - Lesenyego said: "It's technical but, in legal [terms], when people attack or confront [the police] and a shooting takes place which results in fatalities ... suspects arrested, irrespective of whether they shot police members or the police shot them, are charged with murder."
On August 16, police shot dead 34 striking mineworkers at Lonmin's Marikana mine in North West.
On the same day, the 259 workers were arrested for public violence. Another 78 were admitted to hospital.
The 259 miners appeared in Garankuwa Magistrate's Court last week. The hearing was postponed to Monday to allow for further investigations.
The group returned to court on Monday and yesterday the hearing was postponed again because of a power failure. It has now also emerged that the police are investigating all cases of murder since August 12 when the illegal strike started.
The strike has led to a total of 44 deaths at the mine, including those of two policemen and two security guards.
On Monday, Brigadier Gideon van Zyl, head of detectives in North West, told the court that because of several disruptions to the investigation - including the memorial service that was held for the slain miners last week - the police were unable to finalise the verification of the miners' residential addresses.
Prosecutor Nigel Carpenter said it was crucial that all addresses be verified before the miners are released because not doing so could lead to miners walking free as the police would not know their whereabouts.
Carpenter also argued that, because "weapons were stolen but not recovered" during the strike, evidence could be lost.
Police are also investigating the murders of the 10 people killed before the massacre but Van Zyl said the 259 miners were not being charged with those murders.
Today, the lawyers defending the miners, led by advocates Lesego Mmusi and Dali Mpofu, are expected to oppose any further postponements, and to ask the court to revoke the murder charges against the miners.
Following reports of intimidation at the mine since the weekend, Lonmin has reported that only 8% of its workforce had reported for duty yesterday.
In Part 1 I showed that the arguments against private nuclear weapons (and nuclear devices in general) are faulty. I also intend to show that nuclear technology can be handled safely, without succumbing to the obsession of Safety Über Alles.
In the comments on Part 1 Vanmind brought up the danger of what might commonly be called “rogue elements” using nukes as states collapse. I consider this to be an example of the General Ripper version of the nut job problem, and I'll also note that many of our theories dealing with the spasms of retreating statism seem to have pretty large holes. I made a comment on the previous part correcting some errors and oversights. I recommend reading it if you haven't already.
The real problems with nuclear technology, and how to handle them:
Radiation
Surprising as it may be to the layman, direct radiation from a nuclear explosive can be a relatively small, or even non-existent problem depending on the design and yield of the explosive. With low fallout, low yield, or enhanced radiation devices the released neutrons can travel significantly outside the fireball, and can cause low level (and short-lived) neutron activation of the surroundings. With a high yield device the sphere of total destruction will be larger than the sphere of radiation penetration, resulting in the emitted direct radiation being a non-issue.
For a nuclear power plant the core can be shielded by a number of methods, the first being the coolant (absorbing radiation is part of how it cools in fact). Shielding methods for the most part boil down to simply putting mass around the radioactive areas, though it is obviously somewhat more complicated than that.
What is interesting is that an operating coal fired power plant releases more radiation via fly ash than an operating nuclear power plant (note: this is often misreported as coal ash being more radioactive than nuclear waste, which is false). The only reason I can think of for why this is not considered a problem by most people is that coal is “known” and understood, lighting something on fire and being warm is very easy to understand. Putting certain metals next to each other in a specialized container and getting heat seems like magic.
Fallout
Fallout mostly consists of vaporized radioactive elements spread over a given area. In many ways it is very similar to chemical pollution with a few tweaks. In addition, many of the isotopes commonly feared are feared because their chemical properties allow them to be absorbed by the body in large quantities. Fallout tends to be associated with bombs, but can also occur with catastrophic containment failure of a power plant, Chernobyl being the canonical example.
Larger devices, or ones detonated at high altitude have a massive advantage over power plant failures and low yield devices in that they can propel the radioactive “ash” into the higher atmosphere, where it would be mixed into the jet stream, diluting the ash to irrelevance.
But whatever the source, contamination by short or long-lived isotopes is a relatively minor problem. Isotopes with short half-lives burn themselves out quickly (however they release considerable radiation while doing so), and long-lived isotopes emit very little radiation.
Contamination by isotopes with a medium length half-life is what causes problems, because the isotopes stick around for a long time (months to decades), but emit significant amounts of radiation. It is also important to note that the chemical properties of the fallout are frequently more dangerous than the radiological properties. One example of this is depleted uranium, which emits only a minuscule amount of radiation, but is highly toxic. Plutonium is another element that is like this.
The answer for handling short-lived isotopes is to leave the area until radiation levels drop. For long-lived isotopes there often isn't much that is worth doing. Cleaning up medium-life isotopes can be anything from trivial (shovel some dirt into a truck and take it away), to extremely complicated and expensive, making it more cost effective to simply wall off and abandon the property for a few decades. Chemical pollution can have a very similar spectrum of possible danger levels also, with the bonus that many kinds of contamination will stay there forever until they are cleaned up, with no option of waiting for it to decay.
For anyone who doubts that chemical pollution can be just as bad (read: FUD capable) as radioactive pollution, I suggest perusing Things I Won't Work With, a collection of blog posts by a chemist talking about various nightmare chemicals, of particular interest are the methylates, and the classic Sand Won't Save You This Time. The articles are written in an easy to understand (and hilarious) style, so even if you don't know anything about chemistry there is still a lot you can get out of them.
Radioactive waste
This isn't a problem for nuclear explosives, but it is relevant for reactors. In some ways it is the reactor counterpart of fallout because it is produced in normal operation. Since this is one of the Grand Boogiemen of anti-nuclear hysteria it requires some attention, so I need to explain just what nuclear waste is.
With a traditional reactor design the nuclear fuel is formed into pellets which are then placed in rods. As the reactor operates the fuel fissions and transmutes into different elements. Most of these elements are radioactive and promptly fission into different elements over varying amounts of time. During this process the operating reactor will slowly build up a concentration of what are called “neutron poisons” in the fuel rods. These isotopes absorb neutrons, but either do not undergo induced fission, or if they do fission they require more neutrons to do so than other parts of the fuel. The result is that after a while a fuel rod is useless as fuel. It simply can no longer sustain fission despite the fact that around 95% of the original nuclear fuel is still present. At this point the stupid (and costly) action is to take the rod out of the reactor and dispose of it. The smarter option is to reprocess it and remove the neutron poisons, resulting in a fresh fuel rod ready for use. This can be done about 20 times, resulting in a complete burnup of fuel in the reactor. Some reactor designs use fuel that doesn't choke itself as quickly, or can be reprocessed while in use (molten salt reactors being one example).
The nuclear waste problem is a fantastic example of what happens when you allow government to decide on matters of safety. In the US reprocessing is illegal. Officially that is because of fears of “nuclear proliferation.” However, like anything else, there are conspiracy theories about what the real reason might be. Personally I believe that the coal, oil, and in modern times “renewable” energy industries are partly responsible due to lobbying (why wouldn't they try to hobble nuclear tech?). However this is merely speculation.
What is not speculation is that in the USA those in a position to choose reactor designs have repeatedly picked ones that produce large quantities of bomb making materials, even when there were much safer, or potentially more efficient designs available. If the spent fuel rods are considered waste then the military can buy bomb making materials far cheaper than the market price.
For radioactive isotopes that simply can't be burned up in a reactor and have no economic use there are methods of disposal that take into account the long time span of radioactivity, one of which is to mix the waste with borated glass, and drop the canisters into a subduction zone. It is also possible to drop the canisters into the sun, or a crater on the moon, but only if the price of putting mass into orbit is cheap enough.
Low fallout devices
There are ways to build nuclear explosives that produce very little fallout, even when detonated as a groundburst. Among the evidence for this are the Soviet devices (3 x ~15 kiloton) detonated as part of the Tagia test to excavate the Pechora-Kama Canal.
With pure fission explosives a lot of the fallout is a result of low efficiency. Devices designed for small physical size (such as artillery shells) have some of the worst efficiencies, because they simply don't have the space to use a design with good efficiency. One way to increase the efficiency of a pure fission device is to use larger and more powerful conventional explosives to produce a denser compression in the fissile material, this results in a more complete burnup (lower fallout), as well as less fissile material needed for a given yield.
In a fusion explosive (at least in the Teller-Ulam design) in order to reduce fallout the fusion stage uses a lead tamper instead of the usual uranium tamper. In addition the radiation case is made of thin, neutron transparent materials. Hilariously this turns it into a neutron bomb, increasing the direct radiation blast but producing minimal fallout. Also designing the device to get more of it's total yield from fusion reduces the fallout.
Externalities
What I implied in the Fallout section is not strictly true; radioactive fallout does behave differently than chemical pollution, and the damage mechanisms are different. But the point is that they can be handled the same way. There is nothing about nuclear pollution that prevents suing the polluter for damages and cleanup. The argument from diffuse fallout does not hold because this question must be answered for chemical pollution as well. The possible argument that the sheer damage possible is beyond what anyone could pay does not hold either, for reasons that I addressed in Part 1.
It turns out that we do have an answer (two actually) to the problem of diffuse pollution injuring many people by a small amount each. One is the class action lawsuit, the other is Coase's Theorem. Coase's Theorem states that if transaction costs are zero all externalities will be internalized. It is not possible to actually drive those costs to zero, but we can push them low enough to have a good approximation. For two examples of the effect of low transaction costs see Kickstarter and Bitcoin.
Coase's Theorem is one of the bedrock concepts on which libertarianism is based, because it utterly repudiates one of the common justifications for the state as a means to prevent and/or control negative externalities.
“I like to describe Coase's Theorem as the Killer Joke of political economics. That is, you can spot the people who understand it in fullness easily – because they turn into libertarians.” ~ Eric S. Raymond
The Extortion Scenario
One common problem raised against anarchism is how to defend against a foreign power who simply says, “Pay X amount or City Y is vaporized.”The small form of this is the Dark Knight Rises scenario. A small group takes over a city by the threat of destroying it if anyone attempts to take them out.
Unfortunately for the would-be extortionist, everyone involved will think through the logic of how this works (given the existence of a functioning defense network). If the people pay up he comes back for more, other extortionists show up, and it will not stop. The result is that he may get the first payment, possibly even the second payment before an insurance company posts the video of the extortionist and his henchmen being killed. This outcome is assisted by the fact that the extortionist is highly unlikely to have the air of legitimacy that a government has.
This may regrettably result in a crater or two before people figure out that it won't work, but the results of giving in are worse. No one complies with a plane hijacker anymore, do they? They know that the results of doing so are worse than taking out the attacker, because the passengers know that they are probably already dead. That lesson has been learned, though it sadly cost thousands of lives to do so.
In this scenario, a nuclear device does not change the situation much, as this kind of extortion does not depend on their existence. A couple aircraft or a ship full of ammonium nitrate can do the same thing. The Texas City Disaster of 1947 being a classic example.
Safety Über Alles
Sadly, thinking that nuclear hazards are always more dangerous than any other hazard, combined with government regulation, has resulted in a situation where the vast cost per gigawatt savings of nuclear power is almost completely soaked up by nonsense standards and completely illogical ways of thinking. It is possible to submit a reactor design for approval that is provably safer than any current design and have it rejected because it uses parts which have not been certified as “nuclear grade.” This also ties in to regulatory capture because there are many groups who stand to benefit, or at least think they do, from high cost nuclear power.
Without statist interference this can not happen, the structural shielding, and reprocessing methods will be chosen based on the true costs and risks, not on what someone thinks who will never have to live with the consequences, but can force their opinion on others with impunity. Similarly, explosives will be designed for efficiency and safety based on their economic uses, whether that is mining, or spacecraft propulsion, or yes, even as weapons.
This implies that if a solution to the nut job problem exists it will be far more likely to be found, and the damage mitigated by a private system.
Tags: nuclear weapons
An old-timey barbershop chain has been sued on allegations of refusing to cut a transgender man's hair.
In a civil-rights lawsuit filed March 29 in Los Angeles County Superior Court, Rose Trevis claimed he was discriminated against at the Long Beach location of Hawleywood's Barber Shop & Shaving Parlor.
When Trevis asked for an appointment at the shop, according to the lawsuit, an employee stared at him and replied, “We don't cut women's hair.”

Trevis, who identifies as a man, replied: “Who says I'm a woman?” Another employee looked Trevis up and down and reiterated, “We don't cut women's hair,” the suit alleged.
Ultimately, Trevis said, he was denied service by the employees -- who told him they don't even allow women in the shop, according to court documents.
“I felt humiliated, discriminated against and frowned upon,” Trevis said in a statement provided by his attorney, Gloria Allred. “I was dumbfounded and appalled that this type of behavior continues to exist and hope that we can bring an end to this absurd type of discrimination.”
The barbershop chain's owner, Donnie Hawleywood, did not respond to a request for comment. In addition to its three Southern California shops -- in Long Beach, Costa Mesa and Huntington Beach -- Hawleywood's has a location in Sydney, Australia.
Its website bills the business as “a time warp back to '40s Chicago” where customers can “get a straight razor shave, a nice tight haircut and enjoy the relaxed and comfortable atmosphere of a real men's sanctuary.”
In her statement, Allred highlighted another passage on the website: “One thing you won't see at Hawleywood's is women. You all know how distracting a woman can be, and who wants a straight razor shave with a buxom blonde in the joint?”
“A business that excludes women, refuses to serve women and that confirms a discriminatory policy in its advertising is in violation of the law,” Allred said.
Trevis' lawsuit seeks unspecified damages and an injunction preventing Hawleywood's from denying services based on gender.
Dobruck writes for Times Community News.
ALSO
One Handed Mode by XDA Brings Apple's Reachability Feature to Any Android Phone!
As more and more smartphones with larger displays are released, consumers are finding it difficult to use their smartphones with one hand. While most basic actions such as taps and scrolls can be done with one hand, reaching for the top of the display to pull down the status bar or tap on an app's toolbar can prove difficult. Some smartphone manufacturers like Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi, Huawei, and LG get around this by offering a special one handed mode feature. Not every smartphone has such a feature, like the tall Google Pixel 2 XL. That's why we've been working on an app that brings this feature to any unrooted phone. Introducing One Handed Mode by XDA.
This app is a nifty tool to help you reach the top buttons of any app or the status bar. A floating bubble (inspired by ParanoidAndroid's Halo) follows you on screen to let you toggle One Handed Mode wherever you want. Just tap the button and your device's screen contents will shift downwards to make everything easier to reach with one hand! The bubble can be moved around by long-pressing on it and can be dismissed if you decide you don't want it showing up on screen anymore.
Best part? It doesn't require root. This is the only application on the Google Play Store that allows you to do this. Every other option out there requires a rooted device with or without the Xposed Framework installed. But not ours.
One Handed Mode Settings
The app is fairly simple, so we didn't want to bog down users with tons of unnecessary options. On the app's main screen, you have the option to “Enable Toggle Overlay” which is what starts the floating bubble seen in the screenshots above. Enabling the toggle overlay requires that you purchase the full version of the app through an in-app purchase, which we'll get to in more detail below. At the bottom is a simple button to try out what your device will look like in one handed mode—perfect for those who want to see what the app is like before buying the full version.
When you tap on the settings cog to open the settings page, you'll see a few options here. You can choose to enable the toggle to show up on boot, whether or not to automatically anchor/partially hide the toggle to a side of the screen, or resize the one handed mode window.
The Toggle Settings are all enabled by default. On the other hand, the size settings are all considered experimental. By default they are all off.
Toggle Settings
The Auto-Anchor and Auto-Hide Toggle refer to the floating bubble. Auto-Anchor will cause the bubble to quickly pivot to the left or right side of the screen if you let go of the bubble while moving it around. Auto-Hide toggle will make the bubble hide halfway outside of the screen so it takes up less space. You can turn these options off if you find yourself constantly moving the bubble around.
Adjust DPI
Adjust DPI resizes the screen's content to better match the one handed mode window. It can allow you to fit more content on the screen by making text smaller, for instance.
As you can see in the screenshots above, more content is visible when to adjust DPI option is turned on. But that comes at a trade-off because enabling adjust DPI requires the screen content to be refreshed, thus it is slower leaving it enabled.
Resize Window
Disabled by default, we provide users the option to resize the one handed mode window. This will allow you to not only move screen contents downwards but also shift them to the left or right. We do not recommend that users enable this feature because it has the potential to break some apps—more on that down below.
If you do choose to resize the window, you are greeted with an interactive box you can resize which represents how large the one handed mode window should be. By default the box can be moved towards the right but if you toggle “RTL Mode” the box can be moved to the left as well. Tapping the “preview” button will cause the screen enter one handed mode temporarily with the size you chose.
What's this about some apps not working correctly?
Unfortunately, not every application will handle being placed in one handed mode appropriately. We have a theory as to why and a potential workaround to force any app to work nicely, but implementing it will be complex. We wanted to gauge how much interest there would be in the app before we decide to commit to developing this workaround.
Nonetheless, here are a few screenshots showing how certain apps can behave in one handed mode.
Clearly, there's a gap between the top of the actual app and the status bar. It doesn't make the app unusable, but it's certainly something to be aware of. That's why we provide users the ability to test One Handed Mode on their favorite apps before purchasing the full version. That's also why we highly recommend that users don't resize the window—the gap becomes even more pronounced and apps can look even funkier if you mess with the size too much. But we left the resizing feature in case some users wanted to have that ability.
What phones are supported?
Any Android phone running Android 4.3 or above is supported by this application. We personally tested this app on the following devices:
But we can also confirm that it works on a myriad of other devices. We didn't test this application on many devices that already have a built-in one handed mode feature, because there's really no point. This app is for those devices that don't have a feature like this already.
How much does it cost?
The application is available starting today on the Google Play Store. The app is free to download, setup, and test in your favorite apps. However if you want to enable the floating bubble or change any of the settings, you will have to purchase the full version of the app through an in-app purchase. For the first week, that purchase will cost you $0.99. After one week, we will raise the price to $1.99.
We feel that this is a fair price considering the utility of the app on taller smartphones and the fact that this is the only app on the Play Store that does this. I personally came up with the idea and implementation details myself, then personally reached out to XDA Forum Moderator Zacharee1 to have this app developed under the XDA brand.
Promo Codes!
We have 50 promo codes to giveaway for this app! Just leave a comment below with a link to your XDA Forum Profile and check your private messages for a promo code! We will hand them out randomly!
All 50 promo codes have been given out. Thanks to everyone who showed interest in the app! We will have more giveaways in the future as we hit more milestones in the app's development!
How do I set it up?
Once you've installed the application, it will walk you through the process to set it up. It requires the use of ADB to grant it a certain permission. We have a written tutorial on how to set it up as well as a video walk-through by TK linked below.
If you are interested in learning more about the permissions needed, check out the app's privacy policy.
Where do I leave feedback?
If you have any questions, concerns, or feedback, please reach out to us at [email protected] Check out our accompanying forum thread if you want to leave feedback on XDA.
Enjoy the app!
After a promising freshman season, Oregon big man Jordan Bell spent his entire summer and eight games into his sophomore campaign recovering from foot surgery. While his sophomore season was inconsistent, Bell recovered by March and played a key role on Oregon's NCAA Tournament run to the Elite Eight. With a full off-season under his belt and plenty of time to work on his game, Bell has the opportunity to show scouts that he is more than an athletic shot blocker.At 6'9 with a 6'11 wingspan, Bell has solid size for the power forward position, but average length. His wiry 227-pound frame continues to improve, and looks like it will fill out long term as much as needed. While he plays mostly the center position offensively and doesn't have great height or a long wingspan to do so in the NBA, he is able to compensate for that with a tremendous athletic profile for a big man. He runs the floor well in transition, demonstrates excellent quickness and mobility covering ground exceptionally well all over the court, and is highly explosive around the basket.While Bell remains quite raw on the offensive end, he played a bigger role in Oregon's offense as a sophomore, and didn't see any real drop-off in his efficiency in turn. He averaged a much more acceptable 13.1 points per 40 minutes pace adjusted, up from 7.8 as a freshman, while posting a 57% TS%. As was the case during his freshman season, he saw nearly all of his possessions in the immediate vicinity of the basket, but was given more opportunities to create looks for himself in the post as a sophomore.Bell saw a majority of his touches off of cuts to the basket, in transition, and off of his teammates misses. On film, it's clear as to why this is the case. Bell's footwork is raw, he tends to favor his right hand, and he does not have particularly soft hands or shooting touch. While he occasionally strings together a series of impressive plays, his post repertoire is limited to spin moves and the occasional up-and-under. In general, he still relies on his quickness over fundamentals to score in the post.Bell continued to show some potential in his face-up game, but in a relatively small sample size. He can occasionally put the ball on the floor and get to the basket in a few dribbles, but his handles are not reliable enough to do so consistently. Likewise, he displays better shooting mechanics than you would expect from a 51.9% free throw shooter, but on just 12 attempts and to inconclusive results. He also shows better court vision than one would expect, but his 23% turnover rate reflects the fact that sometimes he appears to play as though he does not know his limitations.He is at his best, however, while using his physical tools to his advantage and letting his teammates create opportunities for him. Most notably, he is a reliable finisher in transition and does a good job of cutting to the basket. He does not have the softest hands, but he is far quicker and more nimble than many collegiate big men and uses his explosiveness and length to make acrobatic plays at the rim look easy.Bell's defensive versatility and overall prowess is what will give him a chance to make a NBA roster and stick long term. Few players show the ability to cover ground the way he can, as he displays an excellent combination of lateral quickness, agility and quick-twitch explosiveness, which allows him to defend big men, forwards, wings and guards all over the floor, while disrupting passing lanes, and altering shots at the basket. He once again stood out as one of a handful of players in our database to average two blocks and two steals per 40 minutes pace adjusted. He set Oregon's career blocked shot record in just 50 games while averaging 3.0 blocks per 40 minutes pace adjusted as a sophomore.Yet, his fundamentals still lag behind his athleticism and he lacks the strength to hold his position against stronger offensive players. While he improved somewhat as a rebounder, his 7.0 defensive rebounds per 40 minutes pace adjusted still situate him as just average relative to other big men in our database and he does not consistently display the fundamentals or intensity required to exploit his physical advantages at this level.Overall, Jordan Bell's sophomore season wasn't all that different statistically than his freshman season, which makes sense considering the injury he suffered and needed to recover from. His breakout NCAA tournament performance showed scouts that he still a highly intriguing prospect, though, as few players possess his combination of athleticism and defensive versatility at his size, being able to guard virtually any position on the floor. Bell could take a significant step forward as a junior with a full offseason under his belt, as he showed some very impressive things at the Nike Academy in Los Angeles this past June. The time is likely now as Bell will turn 22 in January. Oregon returns quite a bit of talent next year and Bell will be able to showcase his talent thoroughly on a team looking to repeat its deep 2016 NCAA Tournament run.
Heinrich Mueller, one of the most senior Nazis and one of the organizers of the Holocaust, whose fate after the Second World War was until now unknown, is buried in a Jewish cemetery in Germany's capital, a historian claims.
Mueller ran the Gestapo secret police throughout World War Two and was last seen in Adolf Hitler's bunker the day after the Fuehrer committed suicide in 1945.
He said that he never would let himself be captured by the Russians, while investigations by British and American forces found no evidence that he died in the fall of Berlin, or that he was among one of the few Nazis who escaped to South America.
But now Professor Johannes Tuchel says he has found evidence that Mueller did die in Berlin in 1945. He was first, says Tuchel, buried in a grave in the Luftwaffe headquarters but then consigned to a mass grave in a Jewish cemetery.
“From my point of view, all mysteries around Heinrich Mueller are solved,” said Tuchel, speaking to Reuters at the German Resistance Memorial Center in the German defense ministry. The building is significant because it's where the German officers who tried to assassinate Hitler in the Stauffenberg plot were executed.
Tuchel re-examined evidence from a grave digger after the war, who was then located in communist East Germany and remembered burying a man in a general's uniform in the Berlin-Mitte Jewish cemetery in 1945.
Heinrich Mueller, born 28/04/1900 was an important man in the Gestapo and reported first of all to Reinhard Heydrich, who was one of the main architects of the Holocaust, and then directly to Heinrich Himmler, head of the paramilitary SS. After Hitler's fall, various rumors surfaced as to Mueller's whereabouts. In 1951 he was said to be working as the right hand man to the Stasi chief in East Germany. In 1963 some papers alleged that he had been buried in the Neukolln district of Berlin, but these turned out to be false.
“Grave diggers found Mueller's corpse in a temporary burial place near the former Reich's Aviation Ministry," Tuchel told the Bild.
He said the inspection of the body did not leave any doubt about the identity of the deceased, as Mueller "was wearing a general's uniform. On the inside, his service ID with a photo was in the left breast pocket, among other things.”
Tuchel also traced documents and military medals found on the body to archives in Berlin and then cross-referenced that with data from German and CIA intelligence. The historian discovered that a grave digger called Walter Luders told police in 1963 that he had buried Muller personally and that he had seen his face. The statement was dismissed at the time.
The Jewish cemetery, where Mueller appears now to have been buried, was desecrated by the Nazis and became the site for the mass graves of 2,700 people who had been killed in allied air raids and subsequently during the fall of Berlin. It has now been turned into a Jewish memorial.
“It's an insult to the memory of the victims” and “in outrageously bad taste that a brutal Nazi sadist should be buried in a Jewish cemetery,” said Dieter Graumann, chairman of the Central Council of Jews, in a statement, issued in response to Tuchel's report.
This is not the first time that a corpse thought to be Mueller's has been discovered.
In August 1945, the remains of an SS Gruppenführer, with Heinrich Muller's ID, were found on the territory of the Ministry of Aviation. The body was first buried in the Hamburger Street cemetery and then on Lilienthalstrasse Garrison Cemetery in Berlin.
In September 1963, on the orders of the prosecutor's office, the tomb was opened. However, the examination found that the remains did not bear any relation to Mueller.
China's middle class has surpassed that of the United States to become the world's largest, according to the 2015 Credit Suisse Global Wealth Report.
The Swiss Bank also predicted that Asia will be the site of the greatest expansion of the world's middle class.
With 109 million adults "this year, the Chinese middle class for the first time outnumbered" that in the United States at 92 million, the report states.
While the number of middle class worldwide grew last year at a slower pace than the wealthy, it "will continue to expand in emerging economies overall, with a lion's share of that growth to occur in Asia," Credit Suisse chief executive Tidjane Thiam said in a statement accompanying the annual report.
"As a result, we will see changing consumption patterns as well as societal changes as, historically, the middle class has acted as an agent of stability and prosperity," he added.
Key factors in economic development are the size and wealth of the middle class, which is often at the heart of political movements and new consumption trends, the report said.
Credit Suisse categorized the middle class as those having wealth at least double the annual median income for their country.
While Europe and the United States lead the globe when it comes to wealth, Thiam said "the growth of wealth in emerging markets has been most impressive, including a fivefold rise in China since the beginning of the century."
China now accounts for a fifth of the world population, but holds nearly 10% of the world's wealth.
There's a huge media fuss about a potential failing of the iPhone 4's clever antenna design, with folks concerned it spells radio-drop-out call doom for the phone. We remain to be convinced. But here's a $0.001 DIY fix anyway.
There are three important caveats to this post, as the jury is still out on the real-life effects concerned (seriously, despite the many opinions):
This “problem” has yet to be proven. As yet it's just what appears to be an issue. The iPhone 4 needs to demonstrate significantly more dropped calls, missed calls or reduced data transmission per user-hour than the average cell phone (used under similar conditions on the same network) for it to be a real-life problem, and not an effect that's incorrectly emphasized by the iPhone 4's radio status bars, and enhanced by people's worries.
Are the apparent radio reception changes caused by holding it being seen by every user?
Is every iPhone 4 affected?
If you're a user who feels they're suffering from difficulties connecting to the nearest cell phone mast with your iPhone 4, then one theory–which has been given a degree of credence by official communications from Apple, including Steve Jobs himself–is that it's because your hand is covering the GSM and Wi-fi antenna joint when you hold it. Your slightly electrically conducting skin is bridging the slim insulating wedge of plastic that splits the phone's frame at this point.
So here's the fix.
Building a 1700 gallon Shark Tank by Joe Salvatori Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 Making the decision to build the tank, was the easiest part of the whole process. I really had no idea what I was getting into, because there's not much information on building a tank of this scale out there. I was able to find some info on plywood tanks, such as the plans on GARF's (Geothermal Aquaculture Research Foundation) website. I found even less on building concrete tanks.
My dilemma was this. Although I knew it would be the easier route to build a concrete tank, I didn't want anything that permanent. I knew I wouldn't tire of the tank, but what if I sold the house? What would it do to my resale value? I came to the realization that not everyone wants a 1700 gallon shark tank in their basement, and tearing out concrete would be a nightmare. I would have to make it removable, this meant building it from a material that would lend itself easily to disassembly. My dilemma was this. Although I knew it would be the easier route to build a concrete tank, I didn't want anything that permanent. I knew I wouldn't tire of the tank, but what if I sold the house? What would it do to my resale value? I came to the realization that not everyone wants a 1700 gallon shark tank in their basement, and tearing out concrete would be a nightmare. I would have to make it removable, this meant building it from a material that would lend itself easily to disassembly. The obvious choice was wood. The plans on garf were great, but simply would not be practical on a tank this long, and deep and BIG. With depth and length, comes pressure. Without some additional support and structural rigidity, a plywood tank would literally blow apart. The challenge with any aquarium whether it be glass, acrylic, wood or cement, is building the walls to withstand forces generated by the water pressure. The deeper the water, the higher the pressure per square inch. Dealing with this pressure means preventing warpage/bowing. In smaller tanks, this can be accomplished by increasing the thickness of the glass/acrylic, and adding support (cross bracing) to the top of the tank. Cross bracing alone, would not solve all of my problems I had to find other means to help prevent bowing and flex. I knew that the garf plans had worked for many, as long as they were sealed properly. I knew plywood walls coated in epoxy would work. The way I saw it, I had two obstacles to overcome. Supporting the entire tank so it wouldn't unfold like a cardboard box when full. Sealing the seams, and preventing them from splitting/leaking under pressure. My basic plan, was to build a boat, but inside out. My basic plan, was to build a boat, but inside out. Support: I decided the best way to prevent bowing, would be to support the tank from the outside, using interlocking 4x4's as support bands. Basically, the tank would be encased in a wood skeleton, adding strength and support in all the high stress areas. So the tank would still be a plywood tank, with regular plywood walls, but reinforced from top to bottom, with the most reinforcement at the top. To do this, I would need to build the frame first, and in a sense, install the tank last. Continue to next page »
Disclaimer: By building this DIY project you agree not to hold the author or the owners of this Web site responsible for any injury or bodily harm you may cause to yourself or others. Always wear safety glasses when working with tools and keep chemicals and power tools away from children. Read and understand all safety instructions pertaining to equipment prior to use. Copyright © 2019 Cichlid-Forum.com. All Rights Reserved. F.A.Q. Login to access your personal folder.
0 User(s) in Chat 90029 Members 857574 Posts 661 Classifieds
With election day less than three weeks away, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have clashed in the final presidential debate. The two sparred over the direction of the Supreme Court, immigration, the economy, US foreign policy, and fitness to lead.
The Conversation's experts were watching the debate with an eye across the candidates' performances and the key policy areas. Their responses follow.
Did the debate change any minds?
Dennis Altman, Professorial Fellow in Human Security, La Trobe University
The final debate produced little that was new, little that was edifying, and probably changed very few minds.
Both candidates threw dirt at each other. Trump's tactic was to deny. Clinton's was to circumvent, as when she was asked about potential conflict of interest between her role as secretary of state and access given to donors to the Clinton Foundation.
In some ways this was the most substantial and least dramatic of the three debates, with genuine exchanges on policy. The questions covered the full gamut of issues facing a president, and the first 20 minutes drew predicable faultlines between the candidates on abortion, guns and immigration.
For a brief period it was possible to imagine this was another US presidential election, where both candidates accept the rules of the game and show some respect towards each other. That veneer proved flimsy.
Both questioned the fitness of the other to be president. Trump declared Clinton “should not be allowed to run”. He followed this up by refusing to say whether he would accept the results of the election, saying only he would “keep us in suspense”.
As Clinton pointed out, Trump has a record of calling foul whenever he loses, and his supporters are already calling the election rigged against him. Matt Bevin, the Tea Party Republican governor of Kentucky, has already said blood may need to be shed were Trump to lose.
The paranoid streak in American politics has never before reached the heights that it will in the wake of a Clinton victory, which looks likely.
Trump the wrecking ball
Nicole Hemmer, Assistant Professor, Miller Center, University of Virginia, and US Studies Centre, University of Sydney
There is exactly one thing that matters from the third debate: Trump refused to say he would accept the results of the 2016 election.
Never before in the history of American democracy has a candidate made the legitimacy of the results contingent on his own judgement. It is the most demagogic, dangerous statement made in a presidential debate.
What else is to be said? There was policy tonight – more than we heard in the first two – but it just doesn't matter.
Trump's thin-skinned reaction to his poor poll numbers – his conspiratorial fantasy of a rigged election that has zero basis in reality – endangers the most vital part of America's representative democracy: the peaceful transfer of power from one party to the next. It has been breached exactly once, leading to the Civil War.
There will be no civil war following November's vote, but the stakes are still quite high. Trump has become a wrecking ball smashing into the foundations of American democracy.
If nothing else, the third debate made clear the stakes of the 2016 election.
Trump ignorant on policy issues
Kumuda Simpson, Lecturer in International Relations, La Trobe University
During the final debate Trump once again demonstrated his startling ignorance on important policy issues – particularly on Iraq and Syria – and his propensity to brazenly lie about his past statements. Clinton, also once again, displayed her detailed understanding of those same issues.
Perhaps the most appalling moment was Trump saying he wouldn't necessarily accept the election result – thus undermining the very bedrock of democracy.
While the third debate covered a lot of the same material as the previous debates, it also raised two important topics. Gun control and abortion rights are fundamental to understanding US politics.
Clinton and Trump declare vastly different views on these two issues. Trump is anti-abortion and pro-gun-rights. Clinton is pro-choice and in favour of “reasonable gun regulation”.
Since the 1973 Supreme Court decision in Roe v Wade, which declared abortion a constitutional right, conservative states across America have been aggressively legislating to restrict women's access. Trump said if he were able to appoint several conservative justices to the Supreme Court they would absolutely overturn Roe v Wade. This would be a disaster for women's rights to control their bodies and reproductive health.
Trump claimed he would hand legislative responsibility for abortion back to the states. We can already see the disastrous consequences of this, as many American states have already eroded what is a fundamental human right.
On gun control the difference was down to regulation. Trump is opposed to any regulation restricting particular types of guns or who can buy them. Clinton claimed she supported the Second Amendment, but with legislation that would close what's known as the gun-show loophole and restrict access to certain types of weapons.
It is highly unlikely that either position would do anything to seriously tackle the staggering problem of gun violence in the US. Trump's position certainly would not. Regulation is necessary and will help – but not solve – the problem.
The real issue here is gun violence in the US does not have one simple cause. It is a complex and multi-causal problem that deserves greater attention – and one that certainly was not going to be covered adequately in such a forum.
Debate all about character
Bryan Cranston, Online Lecturer in Politics, and PhD Candidate in Politics and History, Swinburne University of Technology
The third and final presidential debate passed with few surprises.
There was never any doubt as to who was going to win the debate. The only way Trump could have won would have been if Clinton wasn't there.
Ironically, Trump only needed to perform slightly better than his two previous debate disasters to be considered as having done a good job. Naturally, any attempt to portray Trump as anything less than the unmitigated winner of the contest will be seen by his campaign and supporters as further evidence of a conspiracy by the mainstream media to deny him the White House.
With their response to the opening question, Clinton and Trump steadfastly staked their claims to their respective party bases. Clinton affirmed her support for abortion rights, marriage equality, and campaign finance reform, while Trump focused on the Second Amendment and gun control. This was less a debate and more about rationalising an appeal to core supporters.
Trump was less than affirmative on his position regarding abortion rights. In fact, he didn't answer the question, which will no doubt anger many evangelical and religious conservatives.
The debate only got worse for Trump when the topic turned to Russia and national security. In a debate about policy, facts were always going to play a major role, and this is perhaps the most significant deficit in Trump's campaign. Clinton refuted all of Trump's attacks by citing evidence, while Trump resorted to rhetoric.
Despite attempts to make it about policy, the final debate was all about character. Each candidate talked about why the other was unfit to serve as president.
It was a nasty, personal demonstration of two people seeking the highest political office in the world. Who won? The winner was overwhelmingly clear, and it wasn't Trump.
Active members of the military are often separated from their families and put in harm's way. One small gesture of gratitude for their sacrifices is offered at the exchanges and commissaries owned and operated by the government. These on-base department and grocery stores, which are only open to holders of a military ID card, sell items “at cost” — and they don't charge state or local sales tax.
Now the perk of tax-free shopping is being extended to honorably discharged veterans of all branches of service. Starting November 11, 2017 (Veterans Day), they'll be able to purchase taxable goods tax-free from the online Army & Air Force Exchange. Most will still not be able to shop at physical stores on base (only certain veterans enjoy that privilege).
This is part of a larger strategic plan to boost Exchange sales, which have dropped from $10.3 billion in 2011 to $8.3 billion in 2016. One reason for the decline is the fact that there are now fewer active-duty Army and Air Force soldiers. Opening up the online Exchange to honorably discharged veterans could bring in up to $200 million annually by 2020.
Another part of the strategy (this is the military, after all) to boost Exchange sales is to match the convenience of Amazon. Like so many consumers, military shoppers are succumbing to the ease and affordability of Amazon and other etailers. The more they shop at Amazon, the less they buy from the Exchange.
Share this...
Last fall I wrote about how self-anointed environmental mastermind politicians in my homestate of Vermont bulldozed public opposition, lots of trees and finally the top of Lowell Mountain to make way for “climate-saving” 450-foot industrial wind turbines. Read here and here.
Here's how environmental protection by these political environmental pimps appears so far, hat-tip: energizevermont.org.
Crushed stone pad for just one turbine to be installed. Many such sites are being prepared on Lowell Mountain to accommodate a series of turbines, 21 in all.
How Vermont protects the environment – coming statewide (except Chittenden County, where the fat cats live).
Silent spring for Vermont wildlife.
The source of these photos is mountaintalk.com
VIEW ALL PHOTOS HERE
This is all “to save the planet” from the junk-science-based climate catastrophe fantasy.
How about a little prison time for the charlatans perpetuating the hoax? In a way it's really good that I'm all the way across the big pond now.
Yes, we can thank these political whores for ruining a once beautiful area (please excuse my diplomacy). This of course is just one windpark of an entire series planned by the state.
The Green Wave
It's just stunning how psychologically people just blindly herd behind a fad to the point where they just don't even see the massive damage being inflicted. It's like the story “The Wave“. It's totally out of control. All you need are a few clever manipulators, and lots of dupes.
According to state senator Joe Benning, also a duped climate-science believer, but at least still sober enough to see the damage:
And more wind farms are coming as corporate investors, motivated by tax incentives and artificially inflated electric rates, seduce small towns with infusions of cash. Since wind is intermittent and has no storage capacity, our policy alone will require more wind farms and many miles of transmission lines to achieve our energy goal. Regulatory authorities are failing to insist on decommissioning plans, meaning our ridgelines will end up littered with forty stories rusting hulks when this technology becomes obsolete. These new wind farms are encroaching on our wildlife corridors, destroying pristine mountain environments and radically changing the aesthetics of our state. They pit citizens of towns against each other, and towns against towns in a given region.”
Even if CO2 were a problem, the operation of heavy equipment, the massive earthwork and all the deforestation creates a carbon footprint that likely will never be erased – never mind the permanent disfigurement of the landscape.
Vermont's children and grandchildren someday are going to ask: What the hell was in Vermont's drinking water back then?
Based on reporting by dpa, AFP, and AP
A teenage Christian girl in Pakistan who is accused of blasphemy will stand trial as a juvenile, a Pakistani court has ruled.The case has attracted broad attention because of the severity of Pakistan's blasphemy law and the vulnerability of society's weakest members to its enforcement.Rimsha Masih is believed to be 14, but her mental age could be lowed due to learning disabilities.She has been accused of burning pages of the Koran, although police reports say there are no witnesses or evidence of any crime.An investigating police officer has accused local imam Khalid Jadoon Chishti of deliberately tearing the pages out of a Koran and planting them so Masih would appear to be the culprit.Since she will be tried as juvenile, Masih faces a maximum sentence of seven years in prison.If she had been tried as an adult, she could have been jailed for life.She was arrested on August 16 and has since been released on bail.Chishti wasafter being accused of "deliberately stuffing pages of the Holy Koran" into a bag containing burned pages from a book that's used to familiarize children with Arabic words before they study the Muslim holy book.
American technology journalist and founder of AnandTech
Anand Lal Shimpi (born June 26, 1982)[1] is a former tech journalist and American businessman who retired from the publishing industry to join Apple Inc. hardware division. He is mainly known as the founder of the technology website AnandTech.
Early life [ edit ]
He was born to Dr Lalchand Shimpi, an Indian born computer science professor at St Augustine's University,[2] and Iranian mother, Razieh a teacher and later a bank employee, in Raleigh, NC. When Shimpi was in third grade, his father enrolled him in a computer course. When he was in sixth grade he built his first PC, and soon started building PCs for others. He is a graduate of William G. Enloe GT/IB Center for the Humanities, Sciences, and the Arts and North Carolina State University with a degree in Computer Engineering with emphasis on microprocessor architecture and design.
Career [ edit ]
He started AnandTech in 1997 at the age of 14. He called it Anand's Hardware Tech Page. He started reviewing motherboards and later started CPU, hard drives, RAM etc. His tech reviews were in-depth and thorough, making it the preferred site for hardware engineers and enthusiasts.[3] He served as its editor-in-chief from 1997 to 2014. AnandTech grew from a small GeoCities website in 1997 to a 50 million-page view per month publication as of July 2005 .
He used to brief Intel and other hardware industry executives on the present and future product roadmaps.[citation needed] He developed hardware evaluation data tools for testing, analyzing and covering technology,[citation needed] over the years, and his analysis was the final say[citation needed] and was given more credence by Wall Street analysts and tech world alike.[citation needed]
He has been featured in USA Today[citation needed],48 Hours[citation needed], 20/20[citation needed], Fortune Magazine[citation needed] and on G4[citation needed]. He was one of the keynote speakers at Computex 2003 as a celebrity speaker to entice show goers to return to Taiwan even in the wake of SARS.
On August 30, 2014, he announced his decision to retire from the technology publishing industry to work at Apple,[4] and named longtime AnandTech editor Ryan Smith as his successor.[5] He presently works as a hardware technology engineer at Apple.
Publications [ edit ]
Anand is also the author of the book AnandTech Guide to PC Gaming Hardware (ISBN 0-7897-2626-2) and has a regular column in CPU Magazine called Anand's Corner.
References [ edit ]
Fallout 4 Mods Will Land on Xbox One Following Far Harbor DLC Next Week - IGN News
Fallout 4 Mods Will Land on Xbox One Following Far Harbor DLC Next Week - IGN News
Share. Tinker with your tailor, soldier, or spy Tinker with your tailor, soldier, or spy
Xbox One players will be able to sink their teeth into Fallout 4 mods once the next expansion, Far Harbor, releases next week.
Bethesda announced the news in a tweet from its official account, saying that a closed beta for mods will hit Xbox One consoles after May 19.
PS4 players will have to wait until next month for mod support, when they will also be given the ability to create their own mods or download them directly from Bethesda.net.
PC players, meanwhile, have been able to experiment with mods downloaded from Bethesda's official mod shop for almost two weeks now.
We've hit 1 million Mod downloads already on PC! Console coming soon, closed Beta for #Xbox Mods after #FarHarbor https://t.co/Mvp2BID8Pn — BethesdaGameStudios (@BethesdaStudios) May 9, 2016
In fact, Bethesda told its followers in the same tweet that over one million players have downloaded the PC mods since they were made available.
Previous mods that we've uncovered include a new beefed up BFG weapon, glow in the dark collectibles, and - gladly- the ability to wield a lightsaber.
Alysia Judge is IGN'S UK video host and is glad to have found a job where "mutant slaying" and "wasteland navigation" count as transferable skills. You can endorse her on Twitter.
More Reavers: The Midnight Vultures
Last summer I read through the Night Lords book trilogy, and I always appreciated how each little warband, squad and formation had its own name and lore. These are groups of warriors who have fought together for 10,000 years, so it makes sense that even the smallest fragmented squad or weapons team would have a strong sense of identity.
So with that I give you the Midnight Vultures, my newly painted Chaos Raptor squad. They're part of the Reavers of Deculon Prime, which is my in-progress Night Lords warband.
These guys took an inordinate amount of time to complete due to some travel and work obligations in recent months.
And apparently I am a glutton for punishment, because I did hand-painted lightning bolts on the shoulders and jet packs on each figure. Ugh! Why do I do the things I do?
As with most of my painted figures, these guys are nothing special. They're blocked painted and dipped with Minwax Polyshades Tudor Satin, then based in a generic rubble pattern to match my Zuzzy terrain mat. But … they're *actually completely painted,* which is a condition that eludes the typical 40k army. 🙂
Based on my research, it appears these guys are the “middle school” Chaos Raptors that were released after the original (fairly unpopular) metal bat-winged models but before the current plastic set. The newest models definitely capture that hard-edged Chaos vibe, but I prefere these older models. Something about the smooth aerodynamic helmets and jet packs, and the grasping taloned feet just says “RAPTORS!” to me.
They're painfully top-heavy, though, so I will be looking at some ways to add weight to their bases.
I've got five more Raptors to complete, but I think I'm going to take a break and work on my chaos daemon prince. The Midnight Vultures will likely take the field this coming weekend in a game of One Page 40k!
Advertisements
t was late one night that Evan Kinsley first saw a tiny house in person — there it was, peeking out from behind a house in Boulder, Colorado, sitting innocently in the driveway. It was hardly the first time Kinsley had seen one in general; in fact, he'd become somewhat obsessed with them, having recently stumbled across an image of one while he was looking for inspiration for a job he was working on. Just seeing that tiny house on a tiny screen was enough to send a bolt of lightning straight to his woodworker heart.
“Holy shit,” he says. “It was just the most beautiful house I'd ever seen.”
The interest had, to put it mildly, grown over the course of the following weeks. At this point, Kinsley was coming home after days of building and construction and remodeling and would spend hours looking at photos of tiny houses online. His girlfriend called it his "tiny house porn fetish."
And then there one was in the flesh as Kinsley walked back from a bar one night. “It was one of those things where you start looking into something and all of a sudden you start seeing these things everywhere. But really, they were there all along.”
Kinsley had never been one to follow the standard path, especially as set out by the small, somewhat conventional Ohio town he grew up in. He was always more likely to sell all his belongings and take off for another adventure at a moment's notice, than to wear a tie and work a 9 to 5. After a semester of college, Kinsley dropped out to hike the Appalachian Trail, and after he'd walked from Georgia to Maine, he saved up enough to drive out to Portland, Oregon. Or what he thought was enough, anyway — he ran out of gas in Boulder and stayed put for a bit, climbing every day, working as the self-described “best goddamn delivery boy that ever was,” and crashing with newly-made friends. He had plans brewing for a big motorcycle trip when a trail buddy asked if he wanted to come fishing in Alaska — commercial salmon fishing, like the stuff of The Deadliest Catch.
So, as it goes, he sold his belongings — some gear, his motorcycle, the car was already gone — and bought a ticket to Alaska, where he worked a hellish season on a boat where "we spent more time wrecking than we did fishing.” He came back to Colorado and worked making snow on a mountain for a winter. Because he's stubborn, back to Alaska he went after that — to another bad boat, a captain who left town without paying anyone, a backpacking trip complete with a Grizzly chase in a whiteout blizzard, and working on a farm. He made enough money to make it to his brother's wedding in New York. A trip to Iceland followed and then back to Alaska Kinsley went, where he worked his first successful salmon season, and later celebrated by surfing in Hawaii. He returned to Boulder and let things settle down a bit, taking employment as an arborist to stay busy.
He returned because Boulder was a home of sorts. Plus, between fishing seasons, he had an uncle there who needed help with construction work that entailed skills like carpentry, wiring and plumbing — skills that would later serve Kinsley well. And since he was working as an arborist, he was climbing and trimming hundreds of trees every day — giving him access to piles of useful, leftover wood, begging to be put to greater use.
Then, of course, there was a girl — that unstoppable pull. After one final fishing season, Kinsley started his own business and became a builder full-time. He was settled for the time, whatever that meant. Boulder became a proper home.
After a year of research, Kinsley started work on his own tiny house.
It was the perfect project to bring together the skills that he'd been perfecting with his uncle — carpentry, plumbing, electric. It took him nine months total to build the house, including running out of money a few times and taking up odd jobs to replenish his building fund. All in all, it took Kinsley about five months of solid work — most of it completely solo — to complete the project. (Side note: putting up sheet metal by yourself in 50 mph winds? Not advisable.)
“Because tiny houses are still relatively new, they bring up a lot more questions than they answer,” Kinsley says. "It's like building a puzzle without really understanding the full, finished picture. But this is one of those puzzles where the box has disappeared and your pieces are in a plastic bag. I had to make a lot of stuff up on the fly, and that's hard on your own. You can get in your own head too much. There's no one to take it out on when you're frustrated. And you will get frustrated."
Because there are days when you're really good at building, and there are days when you're putting nails through your thumb.”
And yet it all came together, fitting neatly — bedroom, kitchen, living room, a sizeable bathroom, storage throughout, a nightmare of a hot water heater — into (ready for this?) 129 square feet.
When he's working on a project, actual utility gets Kinsley's creative juices flowing far more than aesthetic beauty. “A lot of times, building things is just extravagant,” he says. “You use bad materials. You don't put the time in. You're just trying to achieve more — adding to something just to make it bigger. I don't feel right about that. It doesn't inspire me.”
So for the tiny house, Kinsley went the opposite route. Here, less is more. Simple is better. And such a small space requires that everything has more than one purpose. Take the stairs — each one pulls out into a custom drawer, and the space underneath becomes a closet. The living room's fold-down table doubles as a shelf. The custom-built couch hides storage under each seat, and the whole thing disappears into the wall by the French doors leading out to the deck, essentially doubling the living space of the tiny house. The lofted bed is lined with storage shelves. The backing of the sink is magnetic — a modern spice rack.
The element of sustainability also stays at the forefront of Kinsley's mind. In the tiny house, the floor is made of sustainable, relatively inexpensive woods like bamboo and cork. Each custom piece that Kinsley made in the tiny house — the deck, ceiling, countertops, stairs, bed, and table — is made of beetle kill pine, a wood from trees that have been killed by the mountain pine beetle. There's a surplus of it in Colorado, so the price is right and, moreover, the wood is characterized by dark, unique patterns swirling throughout. It's beautiful. It's become something of Kinsley's signature.
Everything you see on the outside of the tiny house is repurposed. The wood siding came from an unused clapboard shipment to Kinsley's uncle. The shingles he found on Craigslist, and when there was still an exposed corner, Kinsley wrapped it in metal. It might sound like a thrown-together job, but it turned out to be the most striking part of the entire project.
“It doesn't look like your typical house,” says Kinsley. “A lot of people don't even know what it is when they see it.”
The whole point of building the tiny house was just that — to build it. Kinsley hadn't thought too much about what he'd actually do with it when he was done.
“Nine months later, I had a tiny house in my yard. And I was just like… well, shit.”
So, again, he packed up and left for a bit, remodeling a restaurant in New Mexico for his girlfriend's family. When he came back to Boulder four months later, the tiny house was still there. It was time to sell (and, lucky for you, it is still on the market).
“Besides the fun of making it, I kind of wanted to build this house to test the market,” Kinsley says. “I wanted to see how easy they are to sell. And if it works, I want to build two or three of these a year and then work in my woodshop the rest of the time. That sounds like a pretty great lifestyle to me.”
Kinsley definitely didn't build the tiny house with the intention of living in it himself — although he thinks he could live in a tiny house one day. “I think the tiny house is more of a lifestyle choice than anything else. Living small opens your perspective on the way you live the rest of your life. You're not consumed by the things you own. You have a simple life because the space that you have requires it. I find that the more stuff in life I have, the worse I feel.
“Right now, I have a trailer for all my tools and everything I own is in my truck. I just bought a motorcycle. That's kind of all I need.”
Back when Kinsley was first working in Boulder as a delivery boy, he made his deliveries on a motorcycle, flying through the canyons outside the city late at night with still-hot calzones strapped to the back. The feeling was indescribable — light, free, almost like flying. Back then, the plans he was making for the long motorcycle trip would take him 30,000 miles along the Pan-American Highway, from Alaska to Ushuaia, Argentina.
And so he went to Alaska, only to not be allowed in Canada for 10 years (seriously, it's a long story). And then he kept getting on fishing boats. And then there were people he didn't want to leave, and other places he wanted to go with them in the meantime. Kinsley's original idea kept getting further and further in the distance, while never quite leaving his mind.
“This trip is one of those things where if I have an idea of a concept of something I want to do, I just do it,” says Kinsley. “If I want to hike the Appalachian Trail, I do it. If I want to fish in Alaska, I do it. If I want to make a tiny house, I do it. But with this, it was like I started to forget about the goal. I fell in love and that changed the whole direction."
"But I feel like I committed to this trip a long time ago, and it's always resurfaced for me and never quite gone away. If I don't do it, I'll regret it.”
And now the time is right. Kinsley's work needs a hearty dose of reinspiration. He isn't tied to any one person or one place. So he bought that motorcycle. He stored his tools and his gear. The tiny house is still for sale — any takers? And Kinsley is out on the open road, just the way his 20-year-old self — and every American dreamer — imagined it. Just 17,000 miles to go. [H]
Liv Combe and Evan Kinsley grew up in that same small, somewhat conventional Ohio town.
She's an Editor at Huckberry who thinks she could live in a tiny house one day.
Follow her on Twitter and Instagram.
All photos © Evan Kinsley
As alluded to in the introduction to my previous articles on the best neo-noir films of the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, getting cinema lovers to agree as to what films should be called horror films, suspense thrillers, classic film noir and neo-noir is a difficult if not impossible task.
The equally Herculean task of determining the best films in a genre category is driven by the same individual taste that drives all film writing on every level. Readers disappointed by not seeing their personal favorites in previous installments of this best of neo-film noir series may disagree with the omission of such titles as Martin Scorsese's The Departed (2006) from this piece.
Regarding other intentional omissions, there are no Johnnie To titles in this article. For a must-see list of this popular director's work, check out Emilio Santoni's in-depth Johnnie To piece here. The grim essence of classic film noir is alive and well beyond the 2009 cutoff for this article.
Be sure to catch up with recent neo-film noir classics made in 2010 and later including Kim Jee-woon's I Saw the Devil (2010), Fred Cavaye's fantastic Point Blank (2010) which is not remake of the 1967 John Boorman/Lee Marvin favorite, The Chaser director Na Hong-jin's severely underrated The Yellow Sea (2010) and Nicolas Winding Refn's Drive (2011).
As is the nature of genre labeling, it should be noted that a number of films mentioned in this article could also be classified in other genres such as heist film, suspense thriller of moral confrontation or even psychopath horror in some cases.
Excluded from consideration were films that take place in a period setting. Also excluded were films that despite the presence of modern noir elements actually fall firmly into the suspense thriller category such as Daniel Espinosa's highly entertaining Safe House (2012).
Note: The films listed are in chronological order by release year.
1. The Crimson Rivers (Mathieu Kassovitz, 2000)
Screenplay by Kassovitz based on the Jean-Christophe Grange novel
Vincent Cassel and Jean Reno play a pair of detectives investigating a series of murders in an isolated university town in this highly atmospheric French film that culminates in a tense mountainside climax.
Cassel and Reno make a great acting team, the murders-seen in aftermath-recall the best of Italian giallo and the cinematography by Thierry Arbogast is superlative. Arbogast frequently works with director Luc Besson and had previously shot Besson's Leon: The Professional. A very poor sequel to Crimson Rivers was made in 2004, starring Reno but not Cassel.
2. Memento (Christopher Nolan, 2000)
Screenplay by Nolan based on the Jonathan Nolan short story “Memento Mori”
Issues of memory are frequently found in classic film noir as seen in pictures like Roy William Neill's Cornell Woolrich adaptation Black Angel (1946) and both screen versions of the Woolrich story “Nightmare”-Maxwell Shane's 1947 Fear in the Night and Maxwell Shane's 1956 Nightmare. As accomplished as those films are, Christopher Nolan's complex and outstanding neo-film noir Memento rightfully stands as the king of memory-oriented dark crime films.
The film is told in reverse order as it begins with the ending and Guy Pearce delivers a great lead performance as a man with chronic short-term memory loss in search of his wife's killer. If Cornell Woolrich were alive today, Memento would probably be his favorite film.
3. Sexy Beast (Jonathan Glazer, 2000)
Screenplay by Louis Mellis and David Scinto
Ray Winstone stars as a retired British gangster named Gal who now resides in Spain with his wife. His past explodes into his present as his old colleague Don shows up unexpectedly and tries to recruit Gal for an ambitious bank robbery back in England.
Ben Kingsley's Academy Award-nominated performance as the vicious Don Logan is a sight to behold and Ray Winstone is always solid but Sexy Beast also features a great supporting performance by veteran actor Ian McShane as crime boss Teddy Bass.
The film could do without the brief, superfluous fantasy sequences that occur at several points in Sexy Beast but the film is must-see for fans of British crime cinema and contemporary neo-noir. Ray Winstone and Ian McShane reunited with Sexy Beast screenwriters Mellis and Scinto in 2009 for the very disappointing revenge film 44 Inch Chest, which comes off more as a stage play than dynamic crime cinema.
4. Training Day (Antoine Fuqua, 2001)
Screenplay by David Ayer
This film's tight and compact narrative takes place over the course of one day as a young police officer named Jake played by Ethan Hawke is taken under the wing of veteran detective Alonzo Harris played by Denzel Washington.
As the events of the day take a very dark and dangerous turn, Jake slowly discovers that Alonzo has much bigger plans for him.
Ethan Hawke's Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination for Training Day may not make a great deal of sense but Denzel Washington's Best Actor Oscar win for this film does as it is one of the most accomplished and memorable performances of his career. Be on the lookout for an almost unrecognizable Cliff Curtis in a brief but outstanding performance as a Latino gang member.
5. Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance (Park Chan-wook, 2002)
Screenplay by Chan-wook, Lee Jae-sun, Lee Jong-yong and Lee Mu-yeong
Having delivered an award-winning performance in Park Chan-wook's 2000 military drama JSA: Joint Security Area, actor Song Kang-ho reunited with the director for this grim story of the kidnapping of a young girl that turns into a violent downward spiral for all involved.
Song Kang-ho's great acting anchors the film and the talented actor would appear as a hitman in a brief cameo in Park Chan-wook's Lady Vengeance (2005) and play the lead in the director's vampire film misfire Thirst (2009).
6. Oldboy (Park Chan-wook, 2003)
Screenplay by Chan-wook, Lim Chun-hyeong and Hwang Jo-yun based on the Garon Tsuchiya and Nobuaki Minegishi graphic novels
Recently imitated and nowhere near duplicated, director Chan-wook's brutal tale of revenge features a fabulous lead performance by veteran South Korean actor Choi Min-sik as a man searching for whoever kidnapped him and imprisoned him in a hotel room for fifteen years.
The actor also appears as the villain in Park Chan-wook's disappointing third entry in the Vengeance Trilogy Lady Vengeance (2005) which cannot match the quality of the unique screenplays of the first two films.
7. 36th Precinct (Olivier Marchal, 2004)
Screenplay by Marchal and Franck Mancuso
Called “The Michael Mann of France”, actor turned screenwriter and director Marchal uses his real-life experiences as a police officer to inform this tale of corruption and revenge starring the great Daniel Auteuil-one of the best screen actors in the world-and revered veteran performer Gerard Depardieu as rival cops.
This outstanding film is unjustly overlooked by most but, unsurprisingly, an American remake that sets the story in the world of the Los Angeles Police Department has been announced.
8. Collateral (Michael Mann, 2004)
Screenplay by Stuart Beattie
A hitman named Vincent played by Tom Cruise forces a cab driver named Max played by Jamie Foxx to transport him to a series of paid killings over the course of one night. The film was directed by Michael Mann, one of the great neo-film noir directors with such classics as Thief (1981), Manhunter (1986) and Heat (1995) to his credit.
Jamie Foxx, clearly the lead character in the film, received a rather puzzling Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor for his work in Collateral when Tom Cruise deserved that accolade for what is one of the best-if not the best-performance of his career in the supporting but top-billed role of the ruthless hitman.
9. The Aura (Fabian Bielinsky, 2005)
Screenplay by Bielinsky
An epileptic taxidermist who believes he has an infallible photographic memory gets tangled up in a robbery plot in the severely overlooked The Aura. Having starred in screenwriter/director Bielinsky's clever but decidedly lighter crime film Nine Queens (2000), the great Argentinian actor Ricardo Darin plays the lead here in one of the great performances of his highly accomplished career. Bielinsky's untimely death in 2006 robbed the cinematic world of a very talented individual and a director/actor collaboration that had incredible potential.
What Daniel Auteuil is to French cinema and Javier Bardem is to Spanish cinema, Ricardo Darin is to Argentinian cinema and be sure to catch his outstanding performances in Juan Jose Campanella's Academy Award winning The Secret in Their Eyes (2009) and Pablo Trapero's underrated neo-film noir Carancho (2010).
10. A Bittersweet Life (Kim Jee-woon, 2005)
Screenplay by Jee-woon
A crime boss' right hand man played by very popular South Korean actor Lee Byung-hun puts his life in danger when he disobeys a set of orders. With its focus on ideas of loyalty and honor, A Bittersweet Life is reminiscent of the 1980s and early 1990s golden era of Hong Kong gangster films and if that piques your imagination, be sure to seek out this film.
Lee Byung-hun reunited with director Kim Jee-woon for the unforgettable and incredibly violent neo-film noir I Saw the Devil in 2010 also starring Oldboy lead actor Choi Min-sik in a tremendous performance as a psychotic villain.
Judge Nap on Flynn's Guilty Plea: 'Monumental' Reduction of Charges Doesn't Come for Free
President Trump Donates Q3 Salary to HHS to Combat the Opioid Crisis
On his program tonight, Tucker Carlson said former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn pleading guilty to making false statements to the FBI is a major development, but it doesn't prove collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Flynn admitted that he lied about his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the presidential transition.
As part of the plea deal, Flynn agreed to cooperate with Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, which is looking into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
"Mueller's probe began in order to investigate claims that Russia influenced the 2016 election or even directly colluded with the Trump campaign in order to alter the outcome of that election," Carlson said. "Flynn's guilty plea today does not prove that claim. In fact, it undercuts it."
He explained that Flynn admitted he lied to the FBI about initiating contact with Kislyak in December 2016.
"That's a month after the November election. Too late to sink the Hillary campaign. There goes that theory," Carlson said, pointing out that Flynn apparently was trying to promote U.S. interests, according to the plea document.
He said it may have been ill-advised for Flynn to contact a foreign representative before formally taking power, but Mueller's investigation, like many probes involving a special counsel, is not staying limited to its original purpose.
"They frequently wind up entrapping people whose only crime is the false testimony they provide during the investigation," Carlson said.
He said if investigators can prove that the Trump campaign worked with Russian President Vladimir Putin to steal the 2016 election, then he will be the first to call for a criminal prosecution.
"But this? So far it's hard to know exactly how this makes America better."
Watch more above.
Alan Dershowitz: Mueller Is 'Going Well Beyond His Authority as Prosecutor'
Judge Napolitano Believes Mueller's Team Will Interview President Trump
Tomi Lahren on Russia Probe: 'Corrupt Politicians Wasting Our Time and Money'
Boško Buha (Serbian: Бошко Буха; 1926 – 27 September 1943) was a young Yugoslav Partisan and an honored icon of the Yugoslavian resistance during World War II.
Early life [ edit ]
Boško Buha was born into a Serb family in the Slavonian village of Gradina, near Virovitica in today's Croatia. In 1941, after the Axis invasion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and the establishment of the Independent State of Croatia, his family was targeted by the Ustaša and had to seek shelter in Serbia.
Career [ edit ]
Buha eventually reached territory under Partisan control. There he tried to join the Partisans, but he was rejected due to his young age (at the time he was only 15). After a few attempts, he managed to con his way into the Partisans and took part in active combat.
In 1942, he joined the 2nd Proletarian Brigade of YNLA. Soon he developed a talent for sneaking towards enemy bunkers and destroying them with hand grenades (as part of the Bombaši). His talent and bravery almost immediately became stuff of legends and his unit, which had many young men and teenagers, was nicknamed the "Partisan Artillery". In late 1942, Buha was publicly commended by Tito.
A year later, Buha died when he was ambushed by Chetniks. After the war, Boško Buha received the title of People's Hero of Yugoslavia.
Legacy [ edit ]
A theatre house in Belgrade is named after him. In 1979, director Branko Bauer made a film about his life.[citation needed]
Conditions in Yemen appear to be ideal for the expansion of an insurgent organization like Islamic State (IS). All the normal vectors for the spread of the virus of militant Salafism are present: grinding poverty; rampant youth unemployment; a weak and most often non-existent government; and thriving dark networks that traffic in everything from weapons to people. The Saudi-led and U.S.-backed war has exacerbated all of these and made what was already fertile ground for militant Salafism far more conducive to its growth.
So why has IS failed to gain a significant foothold in Yemen? First and foremost, it is competing with what is al-Qaeda's most agile and adaptive franchise — al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). Second, the uncompromising and extreme interpretation of Islam that the IS leadership embraces is largely alien to the vast majority of Yemenis. Even those Yemenis whose views fall toward the radical end of the spectrum are unlikely to support the bloody tactics employed by IS. Third, the group's top-down authoritarian approach to leadership and governance is an anathema to much of Yemeni society, which values collaborative leadership and a respect for traditional forms of governance.
AQAP vs Islamic State
The existence of IS in Yemen dates to the fall of 2014 when Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi acknowledged that fighters in Yemen had pledged baya (a formal oath of allegiance) to him. At the time, IS was rapidly expanding across Iraq and Syria and was at the height of its popularity among militant Salafists. At the same time, AQAP was under intense pressure from Houthi and Yemeni Army forces. Beginning in November 2014, a number of mid-level AQAP operatives defected to IS in Yemen (al-Monitor, November 30, 2015). In March 2015, IS carried out its first attacks in Yemen by targeting two mosques in the capital of Sanaa (al-Jazeera, March 21, 2105). It justified the bombings by stating that the mosques were Zaydi Shia mosques used by the Houthis. In fact, the mosques — as with the vast majority of mosques in Yemen — were used by both Zaiydis and Shafi Sunnis.
The attack on the mosques was an attempt by IS to exacerbate sectarian tensions in Yemen, a tried and tested strategy that it used with considerable success in Syria and Iraq. However, in Yemen, the strategy has not worked nearly so well. This is because sectarian tensions between Zaydi Shia — a branch of Shia Islam that is closer to Sunni Islam than the Twelver Shia that predominate in Iran — and Shafi Sunnis have been exaggerated. Rather than enabling IS in Yemen to gain more recruits and support, the attacks cost it much of the limited support it had within Yemen's community of militant Salafists.
In 2015, IS enjoyed some success in Yemen's Hadramawt governorate, where it engaged in several battles with AQAP. However, the Saudi-led war in Yemen, which began on March 26, 2015, put pressure on the Houthis and allowed AQAP to go on the offensive across southern Yemen. AQAP captured the Yemeni port city of al-Mukalla in April 2015, where it seized large sums of money and vast stores of weapons (Yemen Times, April 6, 2015). From this point forward, AQAP was resurgent and IS, which had only just begun to gain a foothold in Yemen, was on the defensive.
During 2015 and 2016, IS continued to launch attacks on primarily civilian targets in urban environments, including its two most recent and most deadly attacks on retired and active duty Yemeni soldiers waiting to collect pensions and salaries in Aden. AQAP condemned the attacks, which collectively killed more than 100 people, and criticized IS' excessive use of violence (al-Arabiya, December 18, 2016).
AQAP's criticism is notable because it shows the group has learned to moderate its own behavior and realizes that such violence will undermine IS in Yemen. AQAP, more than many of the other al-Qaeda franchises, is extremely agile and continually demonstrates a willingness to learn from its mistakes. In 2013, AQAP apologized to the Yemeni people for its own attack on a military hospital in Sanaa in which 52 people were killed (al-Jazeera, December 22, 2013). Since then, AQAP has been more strategic about the targets it attacks.
Stirring up Local Tensions
In addition to being mindful of public opinion when selecting targets, AQAP has learned that its survival is contingent on gaining the support — or at least avoiding angering — of the tribal communities that live in AQAP's areas of operation. To this end, AQAP has modified its approach and has mostly tempered its radicalism by adopting what can be called a gradualist policy. This policy means that AQAP works to gradually and carefully impose its will on those communities that it wants to govern.
In 2012, AQAP suffered one of its most severe defeats at the hands of tribesmen in Shabwa and Abyan. It had tried to impose its hardline understanding of Islamic law and to usurp the authority of the area's tribal leadership. In response, the tribesmen formed militias and, with the help of the Yemeni Army and careful U.S. support, forced AQAP to flee the area.
IS' even more extreme interpretation of Islam, and the indiscriminate violence that such an interpretation justifies, means that IS will find little lasting support in Yemen. Unlike AQAP, it is unlikely that IS will moderate its ideology or tactics. To do so would be to lose much of its raison d'etre. IS in Yemen's primary critique of AQAP is that the organization is too moderate and not “Islamic” enough.
It is also unlikely that IS in Yemen will adopt a more collaborative approach to governance. Its ideology and its small size in Yemen both militate against such a shift. The group will not do as AQAP has learned to do and work within existing structures of tribal governance. Its insistence on recreating an imagined caliphate does not allow for compromise. The extreme nature of IS' views limit its viability within Yemen where top-down authority is neither traditional nor acceptable to most.
Additionally, IS continues to use a number of foreigners as operatives which, as AQAP discovered, is problematic in Yemen. Yemenis are loathe to submit to the authority of non-Yemenis, much less the Somalis that IS in Yemen favors.
It has taken years for AQAP to learn how to effectively operate in a Yemeni context — or rather contexts, since Yemen's socio-cultural environments are highly variable. In addition to years of experience in Yemen and a tradition of learning and adapting, AQAP is now better funded and better armed than it has ever been.
Bringing an End to IS in Yemen
AQAP has effectively and efficiently used its windfall from the war in Yemen to grow its organization and refine its capabilities. One part of its organization that AQAP has focused on expanding is its intelligence wing. In this respect, AQAP has learned a great deal from its fellow al-Qaeda affiliate, the Somalia based al-Shabaab.
Early on in its development, al-Shabaab focused on creating a formidable intelligence apparatus, the Aminyat, which has helped the group manage its relations, often violently, with Somalia's fractious clans. It has also helped al-Shabaab penetrate and largely neutralize the IS in Somalia.
IS in Yemen is a small but porous organization that does not possess the kind of skilled operatives that AQAP does. It is likely that AQAP's own intelligence wing has thoroughly penetrated the group.
IS in Yemen's future is far from certain. As IS in Iraq and Syria comes under increasing pressure, there will be more harm done to the already damaged Islamic State brand. The very tactics — extreme violence, top-down authority and a focus on exacerbating sectarian tensions — that allowed IS to expand in Iraq and Syria will limit its expansion in Yemen.
In all likelihood, much of IS in Yemen's organization will eventually either be co-opted or eliminated by AQAP.
After the recent controversy over the violation of Tirumala airspace by an Air India flight, flying over the sanctum sanctorum, the richest temple in India saw yet another row over the shape of the namam (tilak) on the forehead of the deity of Lord Venkateswara.
The TTD suspended a senior priest A V Arun Dikshitulu, son of A V Ramana Dikshitulu, chief priest of Tirumala during the weekend. The action was followed by a complaint, made by the Pedda Jeeyar, one of the hereditary chiefs of a Mutt located in Tirumala. The Mutt claimed that the priests had put the Thenkalai namam instead of Vadakalai namam.
The rivalry between followers of two sects of Vaikhanasa Vaishnava tradition —Tankalai and Vadakala— at the Vaishnava Shrine of Lord Venkateswara at Tirumala is proverbial. As per the Vadakalai tradition the namam is white U shaped with a yellow paste in the middle. Similarly in the Thenkalai tradition the namam of the deity was Y shaped with a Red line tilak in the middle .
Only select priests of the particular sect of Vaikhanasa tradition are allowed to put the paste made of camphor and saffron everyday during the early morning. The symbolic Namam of the 128 feet high statue which is the principal attraction of the temple can be seen from almost half a furlong distance inside the temple. According to priests, the size, shape and details of the namam are governed by the Vaikhanasa agama Shasta. The change was noticed by Sri Pedda Jeeyar who complained to the TTD authorities. The TTD in turn kept a tab on the performance of the priest and took the decision to exclude him from Abhishekam duty after they found him erring again.
However, commenting on the controversy the temple chief priest A V Ramanadeeshitulu denied the charge of the Jeeyars and said, “We perform pujas to the presiding deity as per Vaiskhanasa agama.
Those who not have proper knowledge of Vaikhanasa agama are making allegations. It is not correct.” A TTD spokesman however said the guidelines of the Supreme Court have to be followed. “Since there was a mistake, it was corrected and the concerned priest was suspended,” he said. According to temple sources, priests are planning to go to court over the issue.
Burnt cars are seen in the Libyan city of Benghazi on May 17, 2015 (AFP Photo/)
Benghazi (Libya) (AFP) - Seven jihadists of the Islamic State group and three soldiers of Libya's recognised government died in weekend clashes in the eastern city of Benghazi, military and medical sources said Sunday.
A source at the city's Al-Jalaa hospital, quoted by Libya's government-run news agency, said three soldiers were killed and 21 colleagues wounded during the Saturday-Sunday clashes in the Saberi district of central Benghazi.
Seven members of Libyan branches of IS were killed and seven others captured, according to the army's central command.
Controversial army chief Khalifa Haftar announced a military offensive on September 19 against anti-government forces in Benghazi, 1,000 kilometres (600 miles) east of the capital Tripoli.
Libya has been sliding deeper into turmoil since the 2011 ouster of its longtime dictator Moamer Kadhafi, with two rival administrations and militias battling for control.
An internationally recognised parliament is based in Tobruk in the country's far east while its rival operates from Tripoli, backed by the Islamist-backed Fajr Libya (Libya Dawn) militia coalition.
The great Marion Alteri, our local horse racing expert (see her blog: Marizy Doats), brings us this week's question. What is the average air speed velocity of a laden swallow? To this I say: Ha-ha. Very funny.
If you don't get the joke, it's a reference to the movie Monty Python's: The Holy Grail. They need to cross a bridge to continue their quest but in order to do so, they have to answer the above question. If you haven't seen it, click here to see the clip from the movie. I also recommend the completely unrelated skit Monty Python's Flying Circus – Frontiers in Medicine… it's my favorite.
Now, as you've seen in the movie (or in the clip I linked above) I could shoot back with, “What do you mean, an African or European Swallow?” and call it a day, but I'm going to take the high road. Hopefully, my answer will get us all across the bridge… even if it's in a less than funny manner.
This was certainly a tricky question to say the least. Lots of physics involved that I have pushed to those dusty corners in my mind. Not to mention you need to know a little bit about swallows.
Leave it to Marion to make me think this hard…
Let's start with what an unladen swallow is. The simple answer, it's a bird. The more complicated answer is that it's a bird with 74 distinct species of swallow. Some found in Africa, others in Europe.
What is air speed velocity? It's the relative velocity between some object, in this case the swallow, and the air.
In order to calculate the airspeed you have to take the difference between ground speed and the wind speed. Ground speed is the speed in which an object moves relative to some reference point on the ground. Wind speed is the speed in which the air moves relative to some reference point on the ground.
If there was a case in which a day had absolutely no wind, the ground speed is equal to the wind speed. Of course this is highly unlikely to ever happen.
This definition applies best to planes. When dealing with animals is a little different. To find the airspeed velocity of a bird, one must calculate the Strouhal number. The Strouhal number is usually used in the calculation of speed of fish in water. In that case, it is the ratio of frequency of the tail moving and the forward speed of the animal. A man named Graham K. Taylor discovered the same principle can be applied to birds and other animals that can fly.
For birds, the Strouhal number is the frequency multiplied by the amplitude of the wings divided by the animal's speed through the air. The frequency is the number of times the bird beats its wings a second and the amplitude is the distance the wing travels in one beat.
To get an approximate airspeed, Taylor said to invert the midpoint Strouhal number (which is 0.3). This means that the airspeed about 3 times the product of the frequency and the amplitude.
There is a very detailed blog on style.org that discusses all the fun mathematical details of the Strouhal Number if you are interested. Here's a link: The Strouhal Number in Cruising Flight
Now, in the case of the swallow, the Strouhal number is actually less than the average so it doesn't work right out of the box. For all the details, see: Estimating the Airspeed Velocity of an Unladen Swallow
In the end, it's concluded that the airspeed velocity of a (European) unladen swallow is about 24 miles per hour or 11 meters per second.
But, the real question is not about swallows at all. King Arthur in the movie had two coconut shells that he banged together to simulate the sound of a horse galloping. No one seems to know where he got them. So, the real question is how did the coconut get to medieval England? Is it possible that a swallow carried it over?
Well, I'm never one to make the claim that something is impossible. However, the swallow would have a very hard time even carrying the smallest of coconuts. It's little wings would have to beat extremely fast and it would have to be able to fly for a very long time without a break. And if the swallow carried over a seed, the coconut tree probably wouldn't survive very long as it thrives in tropical weather.
it is a lot more likely that coconuts were brought over by the
Portuguese from India in the 16th century. Another possibility is that
they “floated” through the ocean from India or possibly Australia to
England and were discovered around that time.
Now, the legend of King Arthur takes place in about the 12th century and evidence suggests coconuts did not get to England until the 16th century (as I just stated).
So, there is a very distinct possibility that the whole thing is just a mistake on the part the writers of Monty Python.
On second thought, I think it's just what they do. It's a comedy and there is a recurring theme throughout the whole movie trying to figure out where the coconuts came from. It doesn't have to make sense. It's just funny to think about… I'm sure historical accuracy wasn't exactly their concern…
Image copyright RSPCA Image caption Matt Brown said recovering Lola it was "worth getting dirty for"
A kitten who wedged herself halfway up a chimney for four days was rescued in a four-hour operation by the RSPCA and fire crews.
Lola's worried owner contacted the RSPCA after hearing the kitten making noises inside the chimney at home in Liverpool on Friday.
RSPCA inspector Matt Brown said rescuing her was worth getting a uniform covered in soot.
A spokeswoman for the charity said Lola was recovering and "doing well".
The cat had received a check-up at the RSPCA Greater Manchester Animal Hospital.
Image copyright RSPCA Image caption Lola had been up the chimney for four days
"She had somehow managed to climb inside the chimney - about 8ft (2.4m) up it," said Mr Brown.
The rescuers climbed up on the roof of the house in Fairfield Drive and poked rods down to see if it would help her get down.
When that failed they removed the fireplace and freed her using long poles.
"By the time we got her out, we were completely covered in soot and she came out looking bedraggled and dazed," said Mr Brown.
According to a new report from The Washington Post, President Obama's administration sought to relax restrictions on National Security Agency surveillance in 2011, winning permission from a surveillance court to deliberately search for the intercepted phone calls and emails of citizens without a warrant. The court also reportedly extended the length of time that the NSA is permitted to store intercepted US communications to six years, up from five, and even longer under "special circumstances."
The 2011 decision overturns a 2008 ban on warrantless searches of the NSA's databases containing email and phone call records of American citizens and legal residents.
The Post's report comes as the Obama administration and the US intelligence community have made a concerted effort to reassure American citizens that surveillance programs strike the right balance between national security needs and respect for civil liberties.
As part of that PR effort the Obama administration and the US intelligence community declassified a secret court order in August, revealing that the NSA regularly collected thousands of emails and other communications each year belonging to US citizens with no connection to international terrorism. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, author of the declassified opinion, scrutinized the program and required the NSA to make procedural changes to protect civil liberties. But the restrictions were related to the agency's "upstream" collection methods, which pull data directly from internet cables, and not "downstream" collection from companies like Google and Yahoo, which the relaxed rules detailed by today's report from the Post concern.
Government officials confirmed to the Post that the administration had requested the lift on the ban, but would not acknowledge how many warrantless searches have been performed. According to the declassified FISA court order released in August, the NSA uses its PRISM data collection program to "acquire" more than 200 million "internet communications" each year, which largely come from companies like Google, Microsoft, and Yahoo.
Arvind Kejriwal greeting Sheila Dikshit at his Iftar party in July
Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung and former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit are likely to be questioned after the Delhi Government today appointed an inquiry into a multi-crore scam related to fitness tests for CNG vehicles.Led by Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, the Delhi cabinet cleared a commission headed by a retired high court judge to investigate the scam that allegedly took place when the Congress was in power.The scam surfaced in 2012 when the state Anti-Corruption Branch found that the Delhi government had lost nearly Rs 100 crore in alleged irregularities in awarding of contracts to inspect and certify CNG vehicles.The government had hired ESP USA as consultant but a firm called ESP India, which was not registered at the time, was chosen and given the tender. The police said the company conducted two fitness tests on vehicles and charged for a third that was neither done nor needed.Files mentioned only "ESP"; the police say it was a fake company set up for the swindle.AAP has accused Lt Governor Najeeb Jung of trying to cover up the scam.When the scam erupted, the director of ESP USA in India, Nitin Manawat, and three others were arrested for allegedly creating the fake company. Senior Delhi Transport department officials, including MA Usmani, VK Gupta and Ashok Gupta, too were arrested.
When the Economist asks “Why aren't the poor storming the barricades?” something has gone badly wrong.
When the Economist asks “Why aren't the poor storming the barricades?” something has gone badly wrong
If 2014 is the year that wealth inequality finally came onto the radar, then 2015 must be the year that talk turns to action.
Politicians in the United States have taken to the issue far more brazenly than those here. Senators Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders along with the Mayor of New York and even the President himself made wealth inequality the centrepiece of their campaigns in 2014.
It's time we in the UK caught up with our cousins across the pond.
Whilst there are those that have been crying out for attention to this issue since well before the financial crisis of 2008, it must be the publication of Piketty's seminal work, Capital in the Twenty-First Century that finally brought the topic to the fore.
Wealth inequality is the single biggest issue of our time. And while it has been talked about a great deal, very little has actually been done. The importance of this cannot be overstated; those who once believed that working hard would inevitably lead to a better life increasingly feel they live in a system that favours only the wealthy.
If this hope continues to be eroded the disenfranchised, the disillusioned and the hopeless will feel that the social contract which has held society together since the 1950s has been broken. They will feel that revolt will be the only means by which to right a terrible wrong.
I am not the only one to fear this. Robert Reich, former secretary of labour during the Clinton administration, warned that the “the working class and the poor as we used to call it, will increasingly become vulnerable to demagogues who come along and take their frustration and anxiety and turn it into and divert it toward targets of animosity. We have seen this before in history. I don't have to tell you”.
Reich, a long-term Cassandra on the issue of inequality, made this warning not after the financial crash but well before it, in 2005.
Nick Hanauer, billionaire and campaigner on wealth inequality, said: “And if wealth, power, and income continue to concentrate at the very tippy top, our society will change from a capitalist democracy to a neo-feudalist rentier society like 18th-century France. That was France before the revolution and the mobs with the pitchforks.”
It may be time his fellow plutocrats listened up before anger and anxiety boils over.
To accuse these critics of demagoguery and populism themselves is to dangerously miss the point and to shoot the messenger. Wealth inequality will only grow in 2015 as it has grown over the past 40 years.
If democracy is to continue to work in favour of the majority and not the privileged few, then extremely modest proposals like a wealth tax cannot be continually shot down as mad or unworkable. To say otherwise is to assume that the current situation is workable. It isn't.
It is a travesty that anyone live in the fifth largest economy in the world is struggling to feed themselves. If you disagree, try listening to a 35-year-old man describing in detail how he cannot afford to eat. The number of homeless young people on the streets of London has doubled since 2010. The number of billionaires worldwide has doubled since the financial crisis. Let that sink in for a moment.
The old maxim about society being only three meals away from anarchy looms large.
When those great bastions of socialism, the IMF and the OECD, warn that not only has wealth inequality grown, but that it hampers growth and that redistributive policies may actually make society richer overall, it is time to listen up. When the Economist asks “Why aren't the poor storming the barricades?” and Forbes ponders “Could America's Wealth Gap Lead to a revolt?” something has gone badly wrong.
So, let's make wealth inequality the issue of 2015. And let's actually do something about it. It is not enough now to merely talk about it. Wealth inequality, whether in the UK, the United States or globally must be tackled via democratic, peaceful and prudent means. If not, the pitchforks are coming.
Zaheer Rayasat is an activist and social commentator
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
Organic products are at risk. Action Alert!
When consumers purchase organic produce, they expect to avoid vegetables and fruits that have been genetically modified or sprayed with dangerous pesticides. The unsettling reality, however, is that cross-contamination between GM plants and conventional or organic plants is not only possible—it is already happening.
Take the example of rapeseed (Brassica napus). Millions of acres of GM rapeseed, which is used to make canola oil, the most popular cooking oil in North America, are being grown—in Canada and Australia in particular, but also in the US. This GM rapeseed has spread across the world, growing wild in ports, railway beds, along highways, and other areas where it has “escaped” during transport. This has been documented particularly in Japan but has been found growing wild in North Dakota as well.
Not only is it growing wild—it has contaminated another Brassica, the parent of cruciferous vegetables known as Brassica rapa. Organic broccoli, cauliflower, kale, Napa cabbage, Brussels sprouts, and more are now under threat. Keep in mind that when one type of GM plant crosses with another plant, it keeps all the GM mutations.
What is particularly alarming is that GM plants and non-GM plants do not need to be close together for cross-pollination to occur. GM rapeseed is spread thousands of miles along places where it's spilled. Its pollen can also travel thousands of miles. Cross-pollination is likely to occur in weedy relatives of cruciferous vegetables growing in and around cultivated areas. It's not known whether contamination of organic vegetables has already occurred. The US government isn't monitoring GM canola and isn't interested in finding out what is happening.
If you listen to Monsanto—or their allies in government—you'd think everything is just fine. Monsanto informs us that GM crops can coexist perfectly well with organic crops—sometimes even on the same farm!
More to the point, the organic seal cannot provide complete protection. It refers almost exclusively to the processes used by a farmer to make sure the crops are not genetically modified. This includes some measures that must be taken to avoid contact with GMOs, but the point is that food can still be labeled “organic” even if it ends up containing some unknown percentage of GM material.
Nor is testing vegetables a solution, since it would make already expensive organic food astronomically expensive. Large companies might even like this, because they could use such a regulation to shut down smaller competitors, including family farms.
There is an additional worry. Following the passage of the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Act—that is, the phony GMO labeling bill that was approved by Congress in July—the USDA has to set a threshold for how much GM material can be in food in order to qualify it for the GMO label. Given the biotech industry's clout in Washington, it's a safe bet that the USDA's proposal will be written by those companies.
The issue here is not only one of cross-contamination—not only between GM and non-GM plants of the same species, but also between different species. This is all part of the Pandora's Box of GM food that has corrupted our government as well as our good supply.
Action Alert! Write to the USDA and tell them to stop ignoring and covering up GM cross-pollination and contamination. Also urge the agency to protect consumers by keeping organic food truly organic. Please send your message immediately.
Other articles in this week's Pulse of Natural Health
EPA Scientists Are Not Dumb
FDA Tries to Run Out Clock on Bill to Help Dying Patients
A new report by the Associated Press suggests that the National Security Agency mulled the possibility of abandoning its phone surveillance program just before the Edward Snowden's leaks—though ultimately the suggestion didn't progress fast enough.
The report explains that some officials at the NSA "believed the costs outweighed the meager counterterrorism benefits" that the program offered. Those internal critics pointed to ever-increasing costs of recording and storing information from phone calls which weren't successfully uncovering evidence of terrorism. Understandably, they also "worried about public outrage if the program ever was revealed," points out the AP.
Advertisement
Indeed, a proposal to scrap the system was apparently circualting within the NSA among "top managers" during 2013—though it had yet to make it to the desk of the NSA director General Keith Alexander by the time that Snowden leaked its documents.
After the event, of course, the NSA strongly defended its practices over telephone surveillance, arguing that it was vital for routing out terrorist threats. This new report suggests that internal thinking may have been rather more conflicted.
Meanwhile, the NSA continues to collect and store phone call data under Section 215 of the Patriot Act. Presumably, plenty of people at the NSA still think it's a bad idea. [AP on Huffington Post]
BEIJING (AP) — Frank Chen's e-commerce business has nothing to do with politics but he worries it might be sunk by the Communist Party's latest effort to control what the Chinese public sees online.
Chen's 25-employee company sells clothes and appliances to Americans and Europeans through platforms including Facebook, one of thousands of websites blocked by China's web filters. Chen reaches it using a virtual private network, but that window might be closing after Beijing launched a campaign in January to stamp out use of VPNs to evade its “Great Firewall.”
“Our entire business might be paralyzed,” said Chen by phone from the western city of Chengdu. Still, he added later in a text message, “national policy deserves a positive response and we fully support it.”
The crackdown threatens to disrupt work and study for millions of Chinese entrepreneurs, scientists and students who rely on websites they can see only with a VPN. The technology, developed to create secure, encrypted links between computers, allows Chinese web users to see a blocked site by hiding the address from government filters.
Astronomers and physicists use services such as Google Scholar and Dropbox, accessible only via VPN, to share research and stay in touch with foreign colleagues. Merchants use Facebook and other blocked social media to find customers. Students look for material in subjects from history to film editing on YouTube and other blocked sites.
Control over information is especially sensitive ahead of October's twice-a-decade ruling party congress at which President Xi Jinping is due to be named to a second five-year term as leader.
The VPN crackdown is part of a campaign to tighten political control that activists say is the most severe since the 1989 suppression of the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy movement.
Dozens of activists and lawyers have been detained. A cybersecurity law that took effect in June tightens control on online data. Regulators have stepped up censorship of social media and video websites.
How many people might be affected is unclear, but consumer research firm GlobalWebIndex said a survey of Chinese web surfers this year found 14 percent use a VPN daily. If that percentage holds for China's total online population of 731 million, it suggests the country might have as many as 100 million regular users.
Some 8.8 percent of people in the survey use VPNs to look at “restricted sites,” according to GlobalWebIndex. That would be equivalent to 65 million people, or the population of Britain.
Communist leaders encourage web use for business and education. They want online commerce to help transform China from a low-wage factory into a high-tech consumer society. But they reject the notion of a borderless internet and free flow of information.
Chinese web users without VPNs cannot see the most popular global websites including Google and social media such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, as well as news outlets and human rights groups.
In the latest crackdown, regulators say only government-authorized VPNs will be allowed. The operator of a popular service, Green VPN, told customers in June it had been ordered to close. Others shut down without warning.
“You have to leave a window for people, for those who need it,” said Wen Jian, a securities trader in Beijing.
Wen said he needs to find financial information and Google, accessible only with a VPN, is more effective than Chinese search engines. But his VPN quit working two months ago.
“As far as I know, some government people use VPNs too,” said Wen, 27. “They read things abroad. Why can they have it and we cannot?”
The crackdown reflects Xi's notion of “internet sovereignty,” or Beijing's absolute right to control what people can do and see online.
Unauthorized VPNs already were banned but authorities appeared to ignore them, possibly to avoid disrupting business or to defuse resistance among professionals and academics.
Government spokespeople refuse to acknowledge any site is blocked, though researchers say they can see attempts to reach sites such as Google stopped within servers operated by state-owned China Telecom Ltd., which controls China's links to the global internet.
Regulators have yet to say who will be allowed to use government-licensed VPNs or what they can see. But a letter sent by China Telecom to some corporate customers this year offers a hint: It says VPNs can link only to a company's headquarters abroad and no other sites. It warns violators will lose access.
Until now, web controls have acted like a tax, allowing users to see blocked sites by paying for a VPN, according to Margaret E. Roberts, a political scientist at the University of California at San Diego.
“As VPNs become more difficult to access, it's like the government is raising the tax,” said Roberts in an email. “If VPNs were illegal, we would expect a different calculation for those seeking access.”
In a sign of a more severe official stance, a 26-year-old entrepreneur who sold VPN service in Dongguan, near Hong Kong, was sentenced in March to nine months in prison.
The agency in charge of the crackdown, the Cyberspace Administration of China, and the Cabinet press office didn't respond to questions sent by fax and email about what, if anything, the public will be allowed to do with authorized VPNs.
Chen, the online merchant, said he heard private companies might be permitted but he has yet to apply.
The economic impact is unclear, but other Chinese data controls already are a drag on business.
The European Center for International Political Economy estimated in 2014 curbs in effect or planned could cut economic growth by up to 1.1 percentage points. That would be equal to as much as $130 billion of lost activity in China's $12 trillion-a-year economy.
“I asked some friends, and if a large number of VPNs are banned, then everyone's response is there will be a big impact on their business,” Chen said.
Chinese leaders faced similar complaints after the “Great Firewall” was activated in 2002. It blocked access to Google, prompting an outcry from scientists and businesspeople who needed to find research papers and commercial information.
Public complaints have been muted in part because Chinese companies have developed alternatives to popular global services.
Instead of Facebook and Twitter, Chinese social media users have WeChat and Sina Weibo. Baidu Inc. provides Google-style search that complies with official censorship.
“I am pretty lazy,” said Hao Kailin, a landscape designer in Beijing who finds images online for work. “If it is too much trouble to look for pictures from prohibited websites, then I give up.”
___
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting contributed to this report.
Wings coach Mike Babcock told reporters this morning at Chicago's United Center that Datsyuk, who leads the club in assists (43) and points (59) – and was recently voted the toughest forward to play against by his NHL peers – is expected to miss a minimum of two weeks.“Everything is real good. He had a fragment in his knee, an old thing we wanted to clear up prior to playoff time,” Babcock told MLive.com. “This way we have an opportunity to get him going 100 percent before playoff time.”Despite a slow start, Datsyuk is having a Hart Trophy-like season, collecting 14 goals and 48 points in his last 42 games. One of, if not the best, two-way forwards in the NHL, Datsyuk is second in the league with 81 takeaways, which is one less than Chicago's Jonathan Toews, who is listed as day-to-day and will miss tonight's game with an upper-body injury.While doctors cleaned up any loose debris from Datsyuk's knee Tuesday, the star center cleaned up in the latest poll conducted by the National Hockey League Players' Association, which was announced last weekend.Datsyuk, 33, was the top vote-getter in six categories in the annual study, which conducted in conjunction with CBC's “Hockey Night in Canada”. Datsyuk was named the smartest player, most difficult to play against, hardest to get off the puck, cleanest to play against, and toughest forward to play against. Goalies also named him the toughest to stop.The poll received responses from 257 NHL players in 25 categories.“Pavel has the respect of all of the players in the NHL, it shows in polls,” teammate Danny Cleary said Monday afternoon. “But a lot of times those polls – as great as it is for Pavel – sometimes they work in the opposite for the Sedins or (Phil) Kessel, so they're kind of misleading in some ways. But not Pavel. Pavel's are pretty dang on.”The Wings were already carrying 13 forwards on the roster, so it isn't necessary to recall a player from Grand Rapids. With Datsyuk out of the lineup tonight against the Blackhawks, it's expected that Henrik Zetterberg will center the top line between Johan Franzen and Todd Bertuzzi
Jason Pierre-Paul is vacationing overseas on this Fourth of July, the one-year anniversary of the fireworks accident that changed his career, and his life.
A glance at his social media accounts shows the Giants' star defensive end is in Europe. That definitely fits the criteria of being a place "where they don't celebrate the Fourth of July," as he coyly told reporters last month when asked about his holiday plans.
But no matter where he is, a career-defining season awaits him when he reports to training camp with the rest of the Giants on July 28.
Pierre-Paul has come a long, remarkable way over the last 366 days. When he severely damaged his right hand a year ago, he became the butt of jokes and national ridicule, losing his index finger and millions of dollars as the possibility his relationship with the Giants was broken beyond repair seemed very real.
But after a nearly four-month separation, Pierre-Paul returned and signed a pro-rated contract in late October. He's hit pretty much every note ever since, playing his heart out on the field and becoming a leader off it, embracing his role model status to assist fellow burn victims and help educate others about the dangers of fireworks, and positioning himself as a realistic candidate for a team captaincy this fall, any issues he once had with the organization having washed away.
But still, one big question remains: Exactly what kind of player is Pierre-Paul now?
The JPP timeline
We know he can still impact games. Pierre-Paul miraculously demonstrated that during his abbreviated 2015 season, giving the Giants' punchless pass rush a clear lift from Day 1.
But he also showed clear limitations. Pierre-Paul only finished with one sack in eight games. He struggled to finish rushes and notch tackles while forced to wear a bulky protective club on his hand. Sometimes, it appeared that if Pierre-Paul could not beat an offensive tackle with his first move off the snap, he was immediately out of the play.
This season - Pierre-Paul's prove-it year - will answer that question. Both he and the Giants believe he will be a Pro Bowl-caliber pass rusher again with the club gone and a full offseason of training under his belt. But, Pierre-Paul has to prove that is the case. He can earn up to $10.5 million this season, but many more millions in future salary are at stake.
By re-signing with the Giants on a one-year deal, Pierre-Paul has made a smart bet on himself.
If Pierre-Paul returns to elite status, he will command much more money as an unrestricted free agent next March than he would have this spring with uncertainties still surrounding him. And if things do not work out as he hopes, and Pierre-Paul's 2015 performance proves to be what he is now capable of, he has $8.5 million in guaranteed money coming his way in 2016, and can still continue his career as an above-average player going forward at an appropriate price.
The move was also a win for the Giants. It would have been a punch to the gut for the organization if, after weathering the storm, Pierre-Paul has gone and become a Pro Bowler again for, say, the Arizona Cardinals. They now get to find out what he is capable of at a reasonable price, without investing too much out of good faith.
If Pierre-Paul's level of play does not raise considerably, the Giants can approach the future accordingly. And if he does put together a big season, the Giants will reap the rewards on the field as they seek to end their postseason drought.
And yes, the Giants do face the possibility they could lose Pierre-Paul after this season if he turns in a stellar year. They should have a good amount of cap space after this year, but other teams will have more. Truth be told, the Giants would likely sign up for the threat a team like the Jacksonville Jaguars could price them out on Pierre-Paul in 2017 the way the Giants did to the Jags with Olivier Vernon. Because that would mean Pierre-Paul was a force to be reckoned with in 2016.
And, remember, the Giants will have the franchise tag in their back pocket if they want it. They could bring this whole thing full circle if desired, tagging Pierre-Paul in order to buy time to work out a long-term deal - just as was the situation one year ago.
But all of that is a long way down the road. First, a career-defining season awaits Pierre-Paul. The way he has handled his unfortunate circumstance over the past year has been commendable and should be celebrated. But the full story will not be finished until the final remaining question is answered in the months to come.
TALK IS CHEAP, Ep. 56: Recapping the spring, and a big announcement
James Kratch can be reached at jkratch@njadvancemedia.com or by leaving a note in the comments below. Follow him on Twitter @JamesKratch. Find and like NJ.com Giants on Facebook.
Ms. Le Pen, in America at his invitation, he said, had suggested a coffee in the lobby of Mr. Trump's building, where he conceded, “there was always a remote possibility” of seeing the then president-elect. “I said, ‘Listen, Marine, you know there is all the media there,'” Mr. Lombardi recalled, saying Ms. Le Pen insisted no one would recognize her. “And sure enough: Bang.” (A spokesman for Ms. Le Pen did not return a call for comment.)
Born in Geneva, Mr. Lombardi has also introduced himself as Count de Canevaro and wears a gold ring bearing his family's coat of arms. In the library at Mar-a-Lago he walked from a painting of Mr. Trump in tennis whites to a 1750 oil painting of Benedetto Saluzzo Della Manta, who he claimed came from the same region as a distant ancestor.
He moved as a child to Rome, where he said the riots of 1968 and the rampant communism of his university classmates prompted his departure to America. He arrived in his 20s, bummed around, married, had children, started a jewelry business, broke into real estate, divorced and met Gianna Lahainer at a National Italian American Foundation event.
Ms. Lahainer, a former office worker from Trieste who had married the real estate mogul Frank Lahainer, was already a friend and neighbor of Mr. Trump, having bought one of the first condos in Trump Tower. When Mr. Trump first considered buying Mar-a-Lago in 1985, she warned him about the noise pollution from plane traffic over the estate, prompting him to renegotiate the price.
Mr. Lahainer died in 1995 and in 2000, his widow, then 65, married Mr. Lombardi. The couple delighted in telling how she put her late husband on ice at a funeral home because she did not want to miss the social season. “Why should I wait?” she once told the Palm Beach chronicler Ronald Kessler.
Mr. Lombardi said that in reality his wife could not immediately procure permits to send her husband's body back to his Italian birthplace, but the story amounted to “good advertising.”
While his second wife introduced him to Mr. Trump's Mar-a-Lago circle, Mr. Lombardi acted as an unofficial (“always unofficial”) representative in the United States of Italy's anti-immigrant Northern League, often called The Lega in Italy. He said he first met Ms. Le Pen in the early 1990s in Brussels through a friend in the European Parliament.
By of the
Madison— Republicans on the Legislature's budget committee Thursday scaled back borrowing for transportation that will delay projects around the state, but at the same time earmarked money for pet projects to ensure they will advance.
The Joint Finance Committee voted 12-4 to fold the plan into the state budget, with all Republicans for it and all Democrats against it. It was part of the committee's final work on the budget before it goes before the Legislature next week.
GOP Gov. Scott Walker — who took steps Thursday to run for the presidency — wanted to borrow $1.3 billion over the next two years to pay for highways and other transportation projects.
Republicans scaled that back to $500 million initially, with an additional $350 million that could be released by the Joint Finance Committee in the future once the panel reviews a Walker administration plan for using that money.
The approach would not delay work that has already begun on the Zoo Interchange, the busiest in the state, bringing together Interstates 94 and 894 and U.S. Highway 45 in Milwaukee County.
But $209 million in work on auxiliary lanes and the north segment of the Zoo Interchange involving Highway 45 would be delayed for an unspecified period, Republican leaders said.
The plan would also initially delay $350 million in major highway projects and $100 million in resurfacing and reconstruction projects around the state, according to a memo from the nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau.
The plan initially reduces bonding by $800 million from Walker's proposal, but it would cause only $659 million in project delays. That's in part because more money is available in the transportation fund than initially estimated, so lawmakers can use that cash instead of bonds.
If the Joint Finance Committee approved some additional borrowing, the delays wouldn't be as extensive.
The first $175 million of those bonds would be paid back from the state's main account, not the transportation fund; that means those costs would be paid not with revenue from the gas tax or car registration fees but instead with the sales and income taxes that normally go to programs such as schools and health care.
With delays inevitable, the committee made sure some work would proceed. Specifically, they set aside up to $4.2 million for harbor improvements in Kewaunee and more than $900,000 for two road projects in Wood County.
The plan would also slice into developing bike and pedestrian paths. In some cases, those projects could move forward only with the approval of local governments.
The plan adopted Thursday also included a provision requiring the City of Milwaukee to cover all of the expenses for operating the streetcar system it is building. That move was meant to ensure those living in other parts of Milwaukee County don't help pay for it.
Transportation funding has befuddled lawmakers for years because collections from the gas tax have been stagnant as vehicles have become more fuel efficient, while the cost of projects has risen. Walker and his fellow Republicans have resisted raising the gas tax.
The plan adopted Thursday seeks two reviews to help figure out how to shore up the state's transportation fund — an issue lawmakers have repeatedly studied over the last decade. One review would be conducted by the Legislative Audit Bureau and would look at how projects are selected and future traffic patterns are forecast.
The other would be conducted by the Department of Transportation at a cost of $1 million.
Democrats on the committee said Republicans were not addressing the problem head on and were increasing the state's debt load by refusing to increase vehicle registration fees or gas taxes to offset some of those proposed bonds.
"You're saying, 'I like borrowing money. I like deteriorating highways,'" Rep. Gordon Hintz (D-Oshkosh) said. "It didn't have to be that way and it shouldn't be that way."
Sen. Tom Tiffany (R-Hazelhurst) said he was proud that GOP lawmakers are rejecting new taxes and fees.
"I've got to tell you, I'm going to fly that flag because that means we have a respect for taxpayers," Tiffany said.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's stewardship of Israeli foreign policy has been “scandalous,” “dysfunctional,” “mismanaged,” “irresponsible,” “demoralized,” “confused” and “disorganized,” according to Prof. Aharon Klieman, the Nahum Goldmann professor emeritus of diplomacy at Tel Aviv University.
This view is seconded by several current and retired senior Israeli ambassadors.
Israel Journal of Foreign Affairs
bloomfieldcolumn@gmail.com
http://www.thejewishweek.com/blogs
Klieman's scathing assessment, “The Sorry State of Israeli Statecraft,” is in the current, of which he is a senior editor, and is borne out in interviews I've conducted with half a dozen top Israeli diplomats past and present.Netanyahu is not only the prime minister but also the nominal foreign minister while he keeps the seat warm for Avigdor Liberman to see if the Yisrael Beytenu leader, currently on trial for corruption, goes to jail or back to the ministry.Responsibility for Israel's relations with more than 160 countries and international organizations is supposed to be in the professional hands of the Foreign Ministry, but “nothing could be further form the truth,” writes Klieman. This follows a trend going back to Israel's inception but has reached a new and alarming low, he says.“[T]he downward trajectory of diplomacy under the third Netanyahu government is as unprecedented as are the heights of irresponsibility it manifests – not only for allowing the situation to go unchecked, but for aiding and abetting it,” Klieman charges. Making matters worse, the prime minister, the media and the public seem unconcerned, he adds.The ministry's responsibilities have been parceled out among a dozen or more rival agencies, ambitious ministers and appointed officials “to a dysfunctional and arguably dangerous extreme,” he says. It is the result of “scandalous” coalition bargaining, turf wars, supreme egos and political musical chairs. These scattered players, most with little or no experience in foreign and security affairs, have overlapping portfolios, vague authority, no real direction and haphazard supervision.The foreign ministry is demoralized and out of the loop as Netanyahu has devalued diplomacy and statecraft and has been “playing fast and loose with foreign affairs,” Klieman says.At home and abroad there is “an image of discord and confusion in Jerusalem,” leaving allies often unable to “gauge Israel's real intentions and official stand on any given issue.”The irony of Netanyahu's trivializing the Foreign Ministry is that he has served as deputy foreign minister and briefly even as minister, as well as in two top diplomatic posts overseas.I've personally dealt with seven prime ministers, and all but one considered himself the desk officer for North America, often bypassing the foreign ministry, but none has micromanaged the relationship with Washington as intensely as Netanyahu.“The factionalized state of the making and execution of Israeli foreign policy can only be described as a total disaster,” says a retired ambassador who, like the others, several still on the job, asked not to be identified by name.It has worsened under Netanyahu but reflects “a long erosion and derogation of powers” away from the ministry.“This situation is systemic and irreversible,” he notes. The ministry has been effectively dismantled and responsibilities widely dispersed among powerful and competing fiefdoms “with scant coordination and oversight.”Part of the problem has been the appointment of weak and inept leaders who knew little about foreign policy and cared less.Two of the most notable are David Levy, who a senior diplomat describes as “a totally illiterate boor,” and, more recently, Liberman, “a thug and a Putin wannabe” who most world leaders didn't want to speak to. Says another diplomat, “Cronyism, corruption and incompetence characterized Liberman's service and his appointees abroad, and he wants his old job back.”Several of the diplomats attribute the problem to what one calls “Israel's awful electoral system.” Each party is a fiefdom that demands a piece of the pie and representation for its own parochial interests, and at the top is a prime minister “locked down in a series of sterile concepts, given to fear-mongering and hunkering down” and “only concerned with his longer-term political survival, which gets more precarious by the day.”Many of those I contacted noted that foreign ministries around the world are losing their relevance because of the communication revolution; leaders can speak to each other on secret lines, they don't need ambassadors, they meet each other several times a year. Newspapers carry 90 percent of the information the ambassador has. Besides, leaders don't bother reading cables anyway; they don't even know the names of 95 percent of their ambassadors.Klieman sees little prospect for reversing the trend and restoring the influence of a professional diplomatic corps; instead he expects the ministry and the government to continue “muddling through” in its present state.The consequence of a dysfunctional system is diminished quality of diplomats and diplomacy as standards drop, resulting in major embarrassments and adverse results, says one ambassador. Another is confusion among friends and foes alike as to Israel's policies and intentions.“Israel today is ill-equipped” to address the variety of foreign policy challenges – diplomatic, political, military, economic, global – it faces today on all fronts: Syria, Egypt, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq, Iran, Europe and the United States, says another top diplomat.The US is “reasonably sympathetic but liable to lose patience and interest very quickly if Israel and the Palestinians don't put up in fairly short order,” he adds.One ambassador says, “Henry Kissinger was right when he said, ‘Israel has no foreign policy, only domestic policy,' but I'd add to that Israeli leaders are actually afraid of foreign policy.”“It seems that the fear of our leaders is of any foreign policy,” he added, “which will require the country to consider other interests than our own. Thus it would be better to avoid listening to professionals and just blame everything on lack of hasbara [public diplomacy].”Klieman cautions not to blame sinister external forces – Arab intransigence, Islamic radicalism, anti-Semitism, anti-Zionism, a biased UN, etc. – but to look at Israel's own political system and remember the words of Pogo: “We have met the enemy, and he is us.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
By Melanie Woods, July 19 2016 —
As I round a corner into the Earth Science building just after 11:00 p.m., my phone buzzes. I quickly claim the Pidgey that appears on my screen — a common find at the University of Calgary — with a well-flicked Pokeball and store it away in my Pokedex.
I look up from my screen and see at least a dozen fellow Pokémon trainers clustered near a staircase, all engrossed in the game. They nod in acknowledgement as I join the group and plug my phone into an outlet to conserve battery life. After a few minutes of catching Rattatas, evolving Spearows and collecting Pokeballs, someone gets up.
“Guys, there's a lure module by ICT,” they say with excitement.
Immediately, the whole group starts towards ICT. When we arrive at the lure module — a marker placed by a user to attract Pokémon to a certain spot — another group of players is already there. After exchanging greetings, we make small talk and compare our respective Pokémon.
I have lived on campus for three and a half years and this is the busiest I've seen the U of C this late on a night that isn't Thursden. We aren't drinking or dancing the night away — we're all there to catch Pokémon.
If phrases like “Pidgey,” “Pokestop” and “lure module” sound foreign to you, they're all part of Pokémon Go, Nintendo's latest nostalgia-inducing expansion to the Pokémon franchise.
Pokémon Go is a mobile app that uses Google Maps and augmented reality to allow users to catch and collect virtual Pokémon superimposed on real world locations. Players can travel to landmarks marked with Pokestops and refill on Pokeballs and other items, as well as battle each other at locations marked as gyms.
The game is massively successful, already ranking as the most popular mobile game in American history with over 21 million daily users. While the app was only released in Canada on July 17, millions of Canadian users have downloaded the American version since July 6.
These early players have found the U of C to be prime Pokemon-hunting ground, with dozens of Pokestops and five gyms on campus — as well as campus-wide wi-fi and power outlets.
Kshitij Vasudevan is a recent U of C computer science grad, but regularly returns to campus just to play the game.
“I took a chance and came down. To my delight, it was just riddled with Pokestops,” Vasudevan says. “And a lot of people playing obviously, because it's the generation that grew up with Pokémon.”
Vasudevan says one of the best parts of the game is the real life experience of playing it.
“Everyone's really excited. It's like a scavenger hunt and people tend to be with their friends. You see groups of between two to six just kind of walking around playing Marco Polo — when they see a Pokémon nearby they all spread out to try and find it,” Vasudevan says. “It's generally a really fun energy.”
After spending her day in a microbiology lab, U of C biology student Cassandra Culham often returns to campus at night to play the game.
“We're not here every night, but most nights. We skipped a few nights because we were out [Pokémon hunting] until 3:00 a.m. on Saturday night,” Culham says. “I've probably met more people playing Pokémon Go here than in my entire degree.”
Culham was joking, but after a few nights of playing Pokémon Go on campus myself, I see the appeal. In between learning where to catch a Vulpix and chasing down a Hypno, I reconnected with a friend from my first-year residence floor and met a dozen new people. When I returned to hunt Pokémon on subsequent nights, I exchanged friendly waves with familiar faces.
Despite the influx of late-night players on campus, U of C chief of Campus Security Brian Sembo says there haven't been any security problems.
“Indeed we are aware of this game. Although we are monitoring the situation for issues, so far to date none have been reported,” he says.
The late-night Pokémon trainers I meet have mastered the U of C scene. Many devised walking routes to maximize passing as many Pokestops as possible, while others memorized which doors to which buildings remain unlocked after certain times.
Vasudevan says that, while the Pokémon hunt can get heated, it's most important to look out for fellow trainers.
“Be nice to people. Everyone's out there having fun,” he says. ”We're all people enjoying this game. Just help everyone out and have a good time — oh, and don't drive and Pokémon.”
As I catch yet another Pidgey near the ICT lure, I hear someone shout from down the hall.
“There's an Eevee here!” the distant voice says.
Immediately my group is off again — we gotta catch em' all.
Boehner: House Will Defend DOMA; Courts, Not Obama, Should Decide
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elise Amendola/AP Elise Amendola/AP
In an expected move, Speaker Boehner said Friday the House would defend the Defense of Marriage Act.
The move comes in the wake of the Obama administration's decision to refrain from defending the law because of its legal assessment that the law is unconstitutional.
Under DOMA, enacted in 1996, states aren't legally required to recognize same-sex marriages that might be legal in other states or jurisdictions. Thus, it provided an an exception to the U.S. Constitution's "full faith and credit" clause.
In a statement, Boehner implied that President Obama had overstepped his constitutional authority by deciding to have his Justice Department no longer defend the law in court.
Boehner said:
"I will convene a meeting of the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group for the purpose of initiating action by the House to defend this law of the United States, which was enacted by a bipartisan vote in Congress and signed by President Bill Clinton. It is regrettable that the Obama Administration has opened this divisive issue at a time when Americans want their leaders to focus on jobs and the challenges facing our economy. The constitutionality of this law should be determined by the courts — not by the president unilaterally — and this action by the House will ensure the matter is addressed in a manner consistent with our Constitution."
NOTE: The Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group is a five-member panel consisting of the Speaker of the House, Majority Leader, Majority Whip, Minority Leader, and Minority Whip. Under House rules, the advisory group has the authority to instruct the non-partisan office of the House General Counsel to take legal action on behalf of the House of Representatives.
Boehner's statement was likely to win approval from Tea Party activists who have made adherence to their interpretation of the Constitution paramount. It was also likely to win the approbation of social conservatives who have criticized Obama's decision.
That meeting of the bipartisan group could be interesting. House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) is a staunch and voluble opponent of DOMA.
Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-MD), the minority whip, voted for DOMA in 1996. But he was one of the congressional leaders who pushed the hardest to repeal Don't Ask, Don't Tell and also received the support of many House progressives when he ran for the leadership position.
In a statement released earlier this week, Human Rights Campaign urged Boehner not to pursue defending "discriminatory DOMA," and has launched a "Don't defend, instead repeal" lobbying effort.
HRC, then nation's largest gay right organization, also questioned whether GOP leaders would schedule what it characterized as a "legally unnecessary" House vote on the move to "score cheap political points while taking their eye off the ball on the economy."
The conservative Family Research Council has been urging GOP congressional leaders to defend DOMA in court. Anti-gay marriage organizations like FRC, citing a desire to create a legal trail that would make it difficult for any court to find that there is an "emerging consensus" in favor of same-sex marriage as the issue makes its way to the Supreme Court.
Boehner's charge that Obama failed by addressing a social issue when voters really want policymakers to focus on jobs was thrown back at him by the HRC.
From the HRC news release:
Rachel Maddow spent a little over 20 minutes starting out her show tonight by just taking in how crazy it is that Donald Trump has officially become the presidential nominee of one of two major political parties.
She ran clip after clip of fringe presidential candidates with kooky ideas from Ross Perot to Lyndon LaRouche to George Wallace, explaining that while the class of candidate Trump represents is not new to us, the success of such a candidate really is.
She made it clear that this is the first time a candidate ton of people have considered inconceivable as president “did it, and he did it without breaking too much of a sweat.”
“The Republican party, it turns out, is made of sugar,” Maddow said, “and it's raining, and boy did it fall apart fast.”
After going over the fact that the man who played up a JFK assassination conspiracy theory will now be getting classified CIA briefings, Maddow laid out the severity of what just happened:
“What has never happened before is that one of the two parties in the two-party system of the oldest and most successful major democracy on earth… one of the two parties in that system, in our political system, somehow became vulnerable and weak enough to be taken over this time. To lose! To lose to this guy!”
She concluded, “This has never happened to our country. This is history. God bless America.”
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
[/caption]
Away in the constellation of Cassiopeia some 7,100 light-years from Earth, a star 40 times more massive than our Sun is blowing a giant bubble of its own material into space. Inside its magic blue sphere, the gigantic star burns at blue flame intensity – rendering a 6 light year wide envelope of hot gas around it that's expanding outward at a speed of 4 million miles per hour. Are you ready to open wide and step inside? Then welcome to a little dimensional magic….
As always, whenever we present a dimensional visualization it is done in two fashions. The first is called “Parallel Vision” and it is much like a magic eye puzzle. When you open the full size image and your eyes are the correct distance from the screen, the images will seem to merge and create a 3D effect. However, for some folks, this doesn't work well – so Jukka has also created the “Cross Version”, where you simply cross your eyes and the images will merge, creating a central image which appears 3D. For some folks, this won't work either… But I hope it does for you!
As the central star in NGC 7635 sheds its material, we can see it isn't even and its appearance varies with the thickness of the surrounding gases. What appears to be cloud-like structures are very thick and illuminated by the star's intense ultraviolet light. Believe it or not, it is here where the stellar “winds” blow the fastest and it won't be long until these areas quickly erode. However, there is one feature that stands out more than any other – the “bubble-within-a-bubble”. What is it? It may be two distinct winds… Two distinct streamers of material colliding together.
“The bubble in NGC 7635 is the result of a fast stellar wind expanding into the interior of the larger H II region. However, the central star BD +60 2522 is appreciably offset (by about 1′) from the center of the bubble in the direction of the wall of the dense molecular cloud that defines this blister H II region.” says B.D. Moore (et al), “This offset is the result of evolution of the wind bubble into the density and pressure gradient established by the photoevaporative flow away from the cavity wall. The physical conditions around the bubble vary according to the medium into which the bubble is expanding. Away from the cavity wall the bubble is expanding into the low density interior of the H II region. Toward the wall, in the region of our images, the wind termination shock is very near the ionization front. The resulting physical structure, in which the photoevaporative flow away from the cloud wall is confined by the ram pressure of the wind.”
But, are we not seeing the proverbial forest because we're too busy looking at the trees? “BD +60 is the ionizing star of NGC 7635, the so-called “Bubble Nebula”. NGC 7635 lies at the edge of a low-density clumpy molecular cloud and the nebula can be interpreted as a wind-blown bubble created by the interaction of the stellar wind of BD +60 with the ambient interstellar medium. While many investigations have focused on the nebula, little attention has been paid to the star itself.” says G. Rauw (et al), “Considerable progress in our understanding of the stellar winds of early-type stars has been achieved through extensive monitoring of their spectroscopic variability and the discovery that some of the cyclical variations could be related to a rotational modulation of the stellar wind. Since rotation is believed to shape the winds of Oef stars, these objects appear a priori as good candidates to search for a rotational wind modulation.”
Throughout their long term observing campaign, the group found strong profile variability on time scales of 2–3 days, variability on time scales of a few hours that might be related to non-radial pulsations, and even tentatively propose that the beating of several non-radial pulsation modes triggers transient large-scale density perturbations in a confined stellar wind that produce the 2–3 day time scale variability. “While this scenario could easily account for the lack of a single stable period (through the effect of the propagation velocity of the perturbation and the interplay of various clocks: pulsations, rotation…), it seems more difficult to explain the changing pattern of the TVS. For instance, if a density wave moves around the star, why would it not affect the absorption and the emission components in a similar manner?” says Rauw, “One possibility could be that the density perturbation affects the absorption column only as long as it remains close to the stellar surface whilst the impact on the emission lines would be larger when the perturbation has moved outwards, but this is admittedly still rather speculative.”
Just how common is it for a huge star to form a bubble around itself? “Massive stars evolve across the HR diagram, losing mass along the way and forming a variety of ring nebulae. During the main sequence stage, the fast stellar wind sweeps up the ambient interstellar medium to form an interstellar bubble. After a massive star evolves into a red giant or a luminous blue variable, it loses mass copiously to form a circumstellar nebula. As it evolves further into a WR star, the fast WR wind sweeps up the previous mass loss and forms a circumstellar bubble. Observations of ring nebulae around massive stars not only are fascinating, but also are useful in providing templates to diagnose the progenitors of supernovae from their circumstellar nebulae.” says You-Hua Chu of the University of Illinois Astronomy Department, “The fast stellar wind of a main sequence O star sweeps up the ambient interstellar medium (ISM) to form an interstellar bubble, which consists of a dense shell of interstellar material. Intuitively, we would expect around most O stars an interstellar bubble similar to the Bubble Nebula (NGC 7635) to be visible; however, hardly any O stars in HII regions have ring nebulae, suggesting that these interstellar bubbles are rare.”
Like a child chewing gum, the bubble will continue to expand. And what comes after the bubble? Why, the “bang” of course. And when it comes to a star going bang, than can only mean a supernova. “By pursuing the calculation through the various stages of massive star evolution, using a realistic mass loss history as input, we simulate the creation and evolution of a wind-blown bubble around the star up to the time of the supernova explosion.” says A. J. van Marle (et al), “The outflowing matter encounters an inner shock, where its velocity is reduced to nearly zero. The kinetic energy of the wind becomes thermal energy. This interaction creates a “hot bubble” of nearly stationary, hot gas. The thermal pressure of the hot bubble drives a shell into the surrounding interstellar medium. Here it is assumed, that the pressure driven shell will be restrained only by the ram pressure created by its own velocity and the density of the surrounding medium. This assumption is correct if we consider the surrounding medium to be cold. However, if we take photo-ionization into account the situation becomes rather more complicated. First of all, the photoionized gas will have a much higher pressure than the cold ISM. Therefore, the HII region will expand, driving a shell into the ISM. Second, the hot-bubble created by the stellar wind will now expand into a hot HII region, which means that the thermal pressure restraining the shell, will no longer be negligible compared to the ram pressure. A wind-blown bubble expanding into a compact HII region can be observed in NGC 7635.”
So how do we know when the final moments have come? “As the star ages, it becomes a red supergiant with a dense and slow wind. The number of ionizing photons drops. Therefore, the HII region disappears. Owing to the low density, recombination will take a long time, but radiative cooling will cause a decrease in thermal pressure. The hot wind-bubble, which keeps its high pressure, expands into the surrounding gas, creating a new shell. A third shell appears close to the star, as the drop in ram pressure from the RSG wind causes the wind bubble to expand inward, sweeping up the wind material.” say van Marle, “The presence of an expanding HII region changes the density structure of the nebula during the main sequence. Our main goal at this time is to simulate the circumstellar environment of stars between 25 M and 40 M at the time of the supernova explosion.”
Magic bubbles? Just stay out of the way when they pop!
Many thanks to JP Metsavainio of Northern Galactic for his magical personal image and allowing us this incredible look at distant beauty!
Download Slides
Kotlin, a language developed by JetBrains for nearly 5 years, is very close to its first release. However, did you know that it has been being used in production for over a few years already? Both inside and outside of JetBrains, there are people deploying Kotlin applications for the Android platform, web applications, and just about any other type of application.
Why are people using it instead of Java or some of the other languages out there? Primarily because it provides significant benefits in terms of concision, readability, and safety. All that, yet without some of the drawbacks that adopting a new language might have, such as a steep learning curve or interoperability issues with existing code. In this talk from GOTO Copenhagen 2016, Hadi will cover some aspects of Kotlin that can help you in your daily development, focusing on solving issues and highlighting language features.
Kotlin was started in 2010 by JetBrains, where I work. JetBrains has been around for 16 years, and we make different types of tools (mostly IDEs and Teamware tools, but also some .NET stuff). All of the IDEs and Teamware tools are built in Java. We make IDEs for pretty much every language that's out there, but most of the code is in Java. However, we just created a C# IDE, running on the JVM, that is written in Kotlin.
We were looking for a new language because we wanted something that was more concise, expressive, interoperable, and overall pragmatic. Being more concise than Java isn't setting the bar high, because Java is as overloaded as it gets. At the time, there were basically two languages that were potential candidates: one of them was Scala and the other one was Ceylon.
We didn't choose Scala because performance was an issue (this was 2010). Tooling was also a very big issue. To give you some perspective, if there are about 35 people on the entire Git team, there are 11 people on the Scala plugin.
Get more development news like this
Ceylon fit very nicely, but at some point, our interests somewhat diverged. That's when we decided to start Kotlin.
We wanted to focus on interoperability and tools. We make tools, so we wanted to make sure that the language that we created was one that we would want to use for ourselves. Our idea was to stop writing Java, but at the same time we didn't throw a decade of code in the bin. We're not the startup that can just throw everything away and then write the next best thing.
What we needed was a language that could interoperate with everything in a smooth way. From day one, Kotlin was developed under Apache 2 OSS, and it's been on GitHub ever since. The current state was released in February 2016 because we wanted to have a long period of dog food. It's very hard to create a language, and there was a long period of testing, trialing, and making sure we wouldn't mess things up. There were quite a few changes along the way, and decisions that were made initially around the language were later revoked or changed.
Current State (3:32)
Right now, there are around 22 developers at JetBrains working on Kotlin. There are over 100 committers at JetBrains, and it's being used in 10 products. Our goal wasn't to create a language onto which we could bootstrap some consulting or training; our goal was to create a language that we could use for ourselves.
Our commitment to this language and its future is in the tools. The tools, our bread and butter, are now being written in Kotlin. IntelliJ has parts written in Kotlin, and some of our newer tools are entirely written in Kotlin. The C# IDE we're creating is written in Kotlin as well.
Gradle recently announced that they're providing Kotlin support. In addition to Groovy, they're now going to provide you with the ability to create Gradle scripts using Kotlin. How many of you use Gradle? They recommend that plugins are written in Kotlin. That happened earlier this year as well.
Where Can I Use It? (5:08)
Anywhere! Kotlin is not a language specifically around Android. We don't make mobile applications; we make tools. We created a language for any kind of tool that we make, but its purpose is industrial. Any kind of application can use it.
Given that it's compatible with Java 6 and small runtime, performance-wise it's fine in terms of compilation. It translates into bicode.
Obviously, a lot of adoption has been gained around Android. A lot of Android developers are using it.
Given its similarity to Java, C#, JavaScript, Groovy, Scala, and every other language under the sun, it allows for a quick ramp-up time. This is not a departure akin to going from Java to Clojure, or from Java to Haskell. This is something that you are familiar with, and you'll be able to get ramped up in no time.
Since interoperability is a big factor for us, it allows for gradual adoption. You can start to create Kotlin classes or function in your code and interop between Java and Kotlin easily. You don't have to limit this to tests.
How Can I Use It? (6:46)
We've tried to make Kotlin as open and free as possible. Obviously, our long-term interest is that we continue to thrive as a tooling company and that people use Kotlin and consequently buy IntelliJ IDEA, but it is completely open. You can use it from a command line, from Maven, Gradle, Kobalt, Ant, IntelliJ IDEA, Android Studio, Eclipse, and NetBeans. You can actually open it up in the command line and write code.
DEMO: Let's See Some Code (7:49)
To see some live coding in which I highlight Kotlin's language features and show how to solve some common development issues, check out the video at the top of the page from 7:49-53:50. A rundown of points I touch on in the demo:
Small runtime (~900Kb)
Creating a class equivalent to public static void in the Java world
in the Java world Kotlin is a statically-typed language that compiles down to Java, JBM, and JavaScript
No new keyword in Kotlin
keyword in Kotlin No getters and setters, just properties
Top-level functions
More than one class in a single file
var means mutable, val means immutable
means mutable, means immutable Overriding anything
Giving default values to primary constructors
Great type inference (don't need to specify every Double )
) No need to be explicit with return type
Simple functions ( fun )
) Naming parameters, and an unlimited number of them
Readability and expressiveness hacks
Casting: by default, a Kotlin class is a final
No nulls: when you declare a variable, it cannot be null
? and ## for nullable variables
and for nullable variables Interoperability
Kotlin is a functional language
Lambdas
String functionality
Extension methods
Infix notation
First class support for delegation
Algebraic data types in Kotlin: the sealed modifier
override fun onCreate ( savedInstanceState : Bundle ?) { super . onCreate ( savedInstanceState ) verticalLayout { padding = dip ( 30 ) editText { hint = "Name" textSize = 24f } editText { hint = "Password" textSize = 24f } button ( "Login" ) { textSize = 26f } } }
ANKO is an open source library which allows you to write descriptive layouts without having to use XML. It's basically a static type language.
Android Extensions (54:07)
// Using R.layout.activity_main from the main source set import kotlinx.android.synthetic.main.activity_main.* public class MyActivity : Activity () { override fun onCreate ( savedInstanceState : Bundle ?) { super . onCreate ( savedInstanceState ) setContentView ( R . layout . activity_main ) textView . setText ( "Hello, world!" ) // Instead of findView(R.id.textView) as TextView } }
The compiler comes with a plugin ability so you can change some things. If you're familiar with Android development, a lot of times you have to do findView(R.id.textView) as TextView and then cast it. With this plugin, it will allow you to reference the type.
Spring Boot (54:57)
One of the issues that Spring developers have with Kotlin is that they have to decorate everything with open . We're going to be releasing a plugin (for any build to Maven, Gradle, et cetera) which you can use to annotate certain classes. If they have this annotation, by default they're open, which makes it more concise when writing Spring. Spring Boot already has support for Kotlin, so you could use it to generate your templates.
import com.beust.kobalt.* import com.beust.kobalt.plugin.java.* import com.beust.kobalt.plugin.packaging.* import com.beust.kobalt.plugin.publish.* val jcommander = project { name = "jcommander" group = "com.beust" artifactId = nameversion = "1.52" dependenciesTest { compile ( "org.testng:testng:6.9.5" ) } assemble { mavenJars { } } bintray { publish = false } }
Kobalt is a flavor of Gradle using Kotlin to define builds.
Elegant DSL to clearly describe your specifications:
class CalculatorConsoleSpecs : Spek () { init { given ( "a calculator" ) { val calculator = SampleCalculator () on ( "calling sum with two numbers" ) { val sum = calculator . sum ( 2 , 4 ) it ( "should return the result of adding the first number to the second number" ) { shouldEqual ( 6 , sum ) } } on ( "calling subtract with two numbers" ) { val subtract = calculator . subtract ( 4 , 2 ) it ( "should return the result of subtracting the second number from the first number" ) { shouldEqual ( 2 , subtract ) } } } } }
SPEK is a library or a testing framework that I've written which is kind of similar to Jasmine.
Note: this is not a public commitment.
Coroutines (async/await)
Data Class Hierarchies
Type Aliases
Deconstructing in Lambdas
Bound Method References
Local Delegated Properties
Java 8/9 Support
JavaScript Support
If you're familiar with JavaScript and the roadmap coroutines, we're basically implementing a generic coroutine. In terms of asynchronous programming, we have implemented coroutines and we provide a series of out-of-the-box functionality as a part of the standard library, which the compiler then transforms into state machines. You can use async/await or anything you want and not be bound to a specific type.
We still are committed to providing Java 6 support, but if you're targeting Java 8 or 9, we will improve in terms of code optimization and certain functionality that is provided as part of the standard library.
As for JavaScript support, we are now started on Native, so there will be Kotlin to Native. It's kind of in the early stages right now, but we've already got something in the works.
Next Steps (56:26)
If you are interested, check out kotlinlang.org or try.kotlinlang.org, which is an in-browser IDE that allows you to try a series of exercises to get you familiar with Kotlin syntax without having to download or install anything. If you want to download them, they're also available on GitHub.
There is Kotlin for Android Developers, and Kotlin in Action, and I've just finished a nine hour Kotlin O'Reilly course.
There is a very active community on Slack. You will get help there, as well as in our forums.
To summarize, we tried to create a very pragmatic language that has a very easy learning curve. It interoperates with Java, so it provides a low-risk adoption. You don't have to limit it to tests; you can just mix and match classes. In fact, if you use IntelliJ, you can take a Java class and through a keyboard action convert it to Kotlin code. It's not the most idiomatic Kotlin code, but it does give you a starting point. Coming from C# and having stayed away from Java, I do find it enjoyable.
If you're thinking why IntelliJ over Eclipse, my response is: try it! If it suits you and if you find it better for your needs, then great. If not, don't use it. Our commitment to Kotlin is that it's here to stay because we're using it in our products. The business model around Kotlin is JetBrains tooling, not consulting.
A Russian military spokesperson pushed back on allegations that a Russian airstrike hit U.S.-backed opposition fighters in Syria.
The Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, said Saturday that its fighters had been wounded in the airstrike near the eastern city of Deir el-Zour in an area that recently had been liberated from the Islamic State group.
However, the Russian Defense Ministry said Sunday that its planes targeted Islamic State militants only and that the U.S. was warned in advance of its operational plans.
SECOND SUSPECT IN LONDON SUBWAY ATTACK ARRESTED
“To avoid unnecessary escalation, the commanders of Russian forces in Syria used an existing communications channel to inform our American partners in good time about the borders of our military operation in Deir al-Zor,” Defense Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov said, reports Reuters.
“In the last few days, Russian surveillance and reconnaissance did not detect a single clash between Islamic State and armed representatives of any ‘third force' on the eastern bank of the Euphrates,” he added.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
It's no secret that taking selfies is a huge part of what people do with their smartphones today. Apps such as FrontBack, Snapchat, and many others have capitalized on this craze, and even Apple has made it easier than ever to send a selfie in iOS 8's Messages app. Other smartphone makers aren't oblivious to this phenomenon either: both Nokia and HTC have released phones in the past year with increasingly more capable front-facing cameras to cater to the selfie-loving crowd.
Now HTC is announcing the Desire Eye, a mid-range phone that the company says will be the selfie phone to rule them all. It will be available from AT&T later this year at a price that's yet to be determined. Where all other smartphones have their best cameras on the back of the phone, the Desire Eye has the same camera on the front as it does on the back. It's a 13-megapixel camera — the highest resolution front-facing camera to date — and features autofocus, a dual LED flash on both the front and back of the phone, and 1080p video recording. On paper, it's the most capable smartphone for selfies we've ever seen. But the Desire Eye's charms don't end with selfies: it's actually a rather impressive smartphone in its own right.
The thing about the Desire Eye is that it's just not that mid-range of a smartphone. It has a 5.2-inch, 1080p display that looks great and has wide viewing angles. It has the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor paired with 2GB of RAM as HTC's flagship One M8. Its soft-touch plastic finish isn't as premium as the all-metal chassis' of the M8 or iPhone 6, but it still feels great and is actually easier to hold on to than the more slippery metal phones. It's IPX7 water resistant, so it can be dunked under a meter of water for up to 30 minutes without issue. Its two color options — a white and red and a two-tone blue — are fun and attractive. All of those features are what you might expect from another maker's high-end smartphone, but the Desire Eye sits below HTC's best products in its lineup. While we don't yet know what the price will be when it hits stores in a couple of months, it's likely that it will cost less than the M8 and other high-end Android phones you can buy.
The Desire Eye was built for taking selfies
But the Eye was built for taking selfies, so it doesn't have the M8's Duo Camera features or Ultrapixel camera sensor on its back. Its 13-megapixel camera is fairly run of the mill — it's the same camera used on HTC's E8 and very similar to the cameras on many other Android smartphones you can get today. In our brief time with the phone, we noted that it took acceptable images in daylight and outdoor conditions, but couldn't hold a candle to the market leaders in low-light environments. We'll reserve final judgement on its performance until we have time to perform proper review.
Of course, no other smartphone has the same spec camera on its front as it does on the rear, and the Desire Eye makes its stated purpose very obvious when you first see it. The large camera is mounted dead center at the top of the phone, like an Eye of Sauron staring at you as you hold the phone. HTC has added a number of new features to its camera app to take advantage of the Eye's front camera. There's a mode to take a picture with both the front and rear cameras at the same time, a la FrontBack, and an ultra-gimmicky mode that lets you insert yourself into a scene using both cameras. You can also merge your face with another person's face to create a mutant selfie. There is a new face-tracking feature for video calls that zooms in and crop the image to a caller's visage and can support up to four different people in the same room. You can also take selfies or record video with your voice, and a new automatic mode will snap a selfie once the phone is held still and your face is in the right place. (HTC says all of these camera features, called the "Eye Experience", will come to the HTC One (M7), HTC One (M8), HTC One E8, HTC One mini, HTC One mini 2, HTC One max, HTC Desire 816, HTC Desire 820, and HTC Butterfly 2 in the coming months, as well.)
For the rest of the Eye's software, it's pretty much the same experience as the M8: it runs Android 4.4 KitKat with HTC's Sense 6.0 interface. The Eye's fast processor and lots of RAM ensures that it performs just as quickly as the M8, as well.
I tested taking selfies with the Desire Eye in a number of environments, ranging from bright outdoor conditions to dimly lit indoor environments. Despite all of the high-end specs packed into the Eye's front camera, it unfortunately didn't do remarkably better than the iPhone 6 when it came to taking selfies. Outdoor images looked good, with plenty of detail and great colors, but as soon as the light levels dropped, images became dark, soft, noisy, and just plain terrible. Contrasted with the images from the iPhone 6's front camera, which were grainy and noisy, but much brighter and sharper, the Eye just wasn't that impressive. We'll be putting the Eye through a proper review process once it's available for purchase, and HTC tells me that it's still adjusting and fine-tuning the software processing ahead of the phone's launch.
The Eye doesn't take as good selfies as the iPhone 6 in low light
It's not clear exactly how HTC plans to position the Desire Eye in its portfolio: it's a better phone on paper than the Desire 820, but it's not up to the flagship level of HTC's One line. HTC says it will be priced higher than the 820, but it was hesitant to call the Eye the flagship of its mid-range Desire lineup. Either way, if you're looking for a good smartphone at a price less than most high-end phones sell for, the Desire Eye is an interesting proposition. Even with that giant camera staring at you all of the time.
We noticed the other day that tea partiers are being organized into a campaign of disruption and intimidation at health-care forums. As Politico reports, the disruptions at town halls are becoming quite common.
It turns out that, as Lee Fang at Think Progress reports, the disruptions are being carefully planned by teabaggers:
This growing phenomenon is often marked by violence and absurdity. Recently, right-wing demonstrators hung Rep. Frank Kratovil (D-MD) in effigy outside of his office. Missing from the reporting of these stories is the fact that much of these protests are coordinated by public relations firms and lobbyists who have a stake in opposing President Obama's reforms. The lobbyist-run groups Americans for Prosperity and FreedomWorks, which orchestrated the anti-Obama tea parties earlier this year, are now pursuing an aggressive strategy to create an image of mass public opposition to health care and clean energy reform. A leaked memo from Bob MacGuffie, a volunteer with the FreedomWorks website Tea Party Patriots, details how members should be infiltrating town halls and harassing Democratic members of Congress.
Some of the advice being dispensed to teabaggers:
– Artificially Inflate Your Numbers: “Spread out in the hall and try to be in the front half. The objective is to put the Rep on the defensive with your questions and follow-up. The Rep should be made to feel that a majority, and if not, a significant portion of at least the audience, opposes the socialist agenda of Washington.” – Be Disruptive Early And Often: “You need to rock-the-boat early in the Rep's presentation, Watch for an opportunity to yell out and challenge the Rep's statements early.” – Try To “Rattle Him,” Not Have An Intelligent Debate: “The goal is to rattle him, get him off his prepared script and agenda. If he says something outrageous, stand up and shout out and sit right back down. Look for these opportunities before he even takes questions.”
That's right: We wouldn't want an intelligent debate, would we? Because God knows what kind of horrible things might result if Americans were thoughtfully informed. Certainly the conservative agenda would not be realized.
Chris Good at The Atlantic reports that we can expect a long August with these kinds of events:
Every week I block and report 10 to 15 people on Twitter for being abusive. The malicious messages range from comments about my looks to full on threats – which aren't suitable for printing on a family newspaper site.
The number of trolls I block definitely increases disproportionately if I happen to have appeared on TV – and these creatures happen to have caught physical sight of me.
Blocking and reporting scumbags has become a digital rite of passage in the five years I've been on Twitter. However, I have thankfully never been subjected to a total tidal wave of abuse on the same level as women's rights campaigner, Caroline Criado-Perez, who received some 50 rape and murder threats every hour for two days .
While the debate rages on about how best to tackle such incidents , I turned my attention yesterday to actually trying to talk to some of these trolls that lurk anonymously online.
I challenged any trolls listening to my weekly LBC 97.3 radio show to call me. I know for sure that a minority of my listeners sadly are trolls – as I do most of my blocking and reporting after I come off air each week.
After interviewing Criado-Perez, who voiced her fear for other victims without a high profile to get help from the authorities, I didn't have to wait long for the first digital ogre to call in.
Troll number 1
First troll up was Peter from Whitechapel. He was quick to deliver some clichés - such as if Criado-Perez can't stand the heat on Twitter, then she should get out of the kitchen.
But not content with his trite and quite frankly misplaced advice, I pushed harder and whoah – then the real Peter emerged.
“She was asking for it,” he told me. According to this nitwit, if you campaign about issues such as keeping a woman on English banknotes, you should “expect to receive rape threats”. I delved further.
“If you put your head above the parapet, like she has, then you deserve this type of abuse. It's what you get when you are a woman shouting about something,” Peter told me, starting to get a little irate.
I then asked if he went online and what he did when he graced the web with his presence.
Dear reader, you will be happy to hear Peter does use the internet, when he's not calling radio shows. “I email, play games and go on forums,” he told me.
When I asked what he did on those forums and whether he was nasty to people, he explained that he did post offensive comments and was horrible to people who “deserved it”.
Caroline Criado-Perez: the abuse was so extreme she has reported it to police
And that was where I decided to leave that particular call – safe in the knowledge that trolls are not a figment of my digital imagination. They do exist and fully believe it is their right to abuse people who have opinions. They see online as war.
Troll number 2
Then Gary from Birmingham decided to call in – and while the experience was quite vile, I can only thank him for his horrible honesty. Because while Peter was a good starter troll – Gary provided the full-fat version of what it is to be a woman-hating internet troll.
Gary, a deep-voiced menacing-sounding man, sat in an eerily quiet home, told me in no uncertain terms that “feminists like Caroline were undermining what it is to be a man” and needed “sorting out”.
“Men are predators,” he explained calmly. “And this [rape threats] is what we do.” I was almost stunned into silence – which is after all what blokes like Gary get off on.
Regrouping, I then asked him how he would feel if, like Criado-Perez, his mother (you hope the one woman he may respect for creating him, so he could you know, fulfil his male predatory purpose on earth and all that) received 50 rape threats an hour?
His first answer was genius: “She wouldn't because my mum's not a feminist.” Right.
I asked the question again and his reply defied belief: “She would know these men wouldn't actually come and rape her. They don't mean it. Rape is a metaphor.”
No Gary, rape ain't a metaphor mate. Metaphor for what exactly, I asked.
Gary, I think a little trolled out by himself, couldn't even answer that one and I duly decided airtime needed to go back to the majority of mankind, who deplore this kind of mentality.
Brilliantly, as if on cue, a great bloke, Abbas from Redbridge, rang in just to remind me that “real men don't think threatening women with rape is a metaphor or ever ok, online or off”, and my Twitter feed began fizzing in time with the non-stop ringing of the studio phones.
They do exist and need shaming
But while it isn't pleasant talking to the likes of Peter and Gary, I am happy two trolls took some time out of abusing people online, to come on air and voice their “justifications” for such behaviour.
It's too easy to write these people off as “digital fakes” and “weirdos” we will never meet – without actually ever confronting and shaming them. But they are real. These trolls live amongst us and believe posting rape threats, illegal in the real world, is acceptable online. Moreover, they believe, like both Gary and Peter, women who put their head above the parapet, even over benign issues such as keeping a woman's face on English banknotes, “deserve” rape threats. Last night I felt like I shone a torch on the underside of the internet and felt a bit sick at what I found lurking there.
Scary Gary may have been adamant in his views, but I'm hopeful that the huge reaction his unfathomable comments provoked will have shamed him into realising how awful his approach is.
I am also hopeful that women don't listen to Peter, and think this sort of abuse means they should leave Twitter. As Criado-Perez said herself to me, trolling people on sites like Twitter is designed expressly to make women leave public spaces. This sort of behaviour has been happening for centuries – except it's now happening virtually.
However, women's reaction to it must be to stay online, stay visible and stay shaming these trolls into oblivion. After all, they're asking for it.
History of the Rosary S ince the Rosary is composed, principally and in substance, of the prayer of Christ and the Angelic Salutation, that is, the Father and the Hail Mary, it was without doubt the first prayer and the principal devotion of the faithful and has been in use all through the centuries, from the time of the apostles and disciples down to the present.
It was only in the year 1214, however, that the Church received the Rosary in its present form and according to the method we use today. It was given to the Church by St. Dominic, who had received it from the Blessed Virgin as a means of converting the Albigensians and other sinners.
I will tell you the story of how he received it, which is found in the very well-known book De Dignitate Psalterii, by Blessed Alan de la Roche. Saint Dominic, seeing that the gravity of people's sins was hindering the conversion of the Albigensians, withdrew into a forest near Toulouse, where he prayed continuously for three days and three nights. During this time he did nothing but weep and do harsh penances in order to appease the anger of God. He used his discipline so much that his body was lacerated, and finally he fell into a coma.
At this point our Lady appeared to him, accompanied by three angels, and she said, "Dear Dominic, do you know which weapon the Blessed Trinity wants to use to reform the world?" "Oh, my Lady," answered Saint Dominic, "you know far better than I do, because next to your Son Jesus Christ you have always been the chief instrument of our salvation."
Then our Lady replied, "I want you to know that, in this kind of warfare, the principal weapon has always been the Angelic Psalter, which is the foundation-stone of the New Testament. Therefore, if you want to reach these hardened souls and win them over to God, preach my Psalter."
So he arose, comforted, and burning with zeal for the conversion of the people in that district, he made straight for the cathedral. At once unseen angels rang the bells to gather the people together, and Saint Dominic began to preach.
At the very beginning of his sermon, an appalling storm broke out, the earth shook, the sun was darkened, and there was so much thunder and lightning that all were very much afraid. Even greater was their fear when, looking at a picture of our Lady exposed in a prominent place, they saw her raise her arms to heaven three times to call down God's vengeance upon them if they failed to be converted, to amend their lives, and seek the protection of the holy Mother of God.
God wished, by means of these supernatural phenomena, to spread the new devotion of the holy Rosary and to make it more widely known.
At last, at the prayer of Saint Dominic, the storm came to an end, and he went on preaching. So fervently and compellingly did he explain the importance and value of the Rosary that almost all the people of Toulouse embraced it and renounced their false beliefs. In a very short time a great improvement was seen in the town; people began leading Christian lives and gave up their former bad habits. I nspired by the Holy Spirit, instructed by the Blessed Virgin as well as by his own experience, Saint Dominic preached the Rosary for the rest of his life. He preached it by his example as well as by his sermons, in cities and in country places, to people of high station and low, before scholars and the uneducated, to Catholics and to heretics.
The Rosary, which he said every day, was his preparation for every sermon and his little tryst with our Lady immediately after preaching.
One day he had to preach at Notre Dame in Paris, and it happened to be the feast of St. John the Evangelist. He was in a little chapel behind the high altar prayerfully preparing his sermon by saying the Rosary, as he always did, when our Lady appeared to him and said: "Dominic, even though what you have planned to say may be very good, I am bringing you a much better sermon."
Saint Dominic took in his hands the book our Lady proffered, read the sermon carefully and, when he had understood it and meditated on it, he gave thanks to her.
When the time came, he went up into the pulpit and, in spite of the feast day, made no mention of Saint John other than to say that he had been found worthy to be the guardian of the Queen of Heaven. The congregation was made up of theologians and other eminent people, who were used to hearing unusual and polished discourses; but Saint Dominic told them that it was not his desire to give them a learned discourse, wise in the eyes of the world, but that he would speak in the simplicity of the Holy Spirit and with his forcefulness.
So he began preaching the Rosary and explained the Hail Mary word by word as he would to a group of children, and used the very simple illustrations which were in the book given him by our Lady.
Blessed Alan, according to Carthagena, mentioned several other occasions when our Lord and our Lady appeared to Saint Dominic to urge him and inspire him to preach the Rosary more and more in order to wipe out sin and convert sinners and heretics. In another passage Carthagena says, "Blessed Alan said our Lady revealed to him that, after she had appeared to Saint Dominic, her blessed Son appeared to him and said, 'Dominic, I rejoice to see that you are not relying on your own wisdom and that, rather than seek the empty praise of men, you are working with great humility for the salvation of souls.
"'But many priests want to preach thunderously against the worst kinds of sin at the very outset, failing to realize that before a sick person is given bitter medicine, he needs to be prepared by being put into the right frame of mind to really benefit by it.
"'That is why, before doing anything else, priests should try to kindle a love of prayer in people's hearts and especially a love of my Angelic Psalter. If only they would all start saying it and would really persevere, God in his mercy could hardly refuse to give them his grace. So I want you to preach my Rosary."' A ll things, even the holiest, are subject to change, especially when they are dependent on man's free will. It is hardly to be wondered at, then, that the Confraternity of the Holy Rosary only retained its first fervour for a century after it was instituted by Saint Dominic. After this it was like a thing buried and forgotten.
Doubtless, too, the wicked scheming and jealousy of the devil were largely responsible for getting people to neglect the Rosary, and thus block the flow of God's grace which it had drawn upon the world.
Thus, in 1349 God punished the whole of Europe with the most terrible plague that had ever been known. Starting in the east, it spread throughout Italy, Germany, France, Poland and Hungary, bringing desolation wherever it went, for out of a hundred men hardly one lived to tell the tale. Big cities, towns, villages and monasteries were almost completely deserted during the three years that the epidemic lasted.
This scourge of God was quickly followed by two others, the heresy of the Flagellants and a tragic schism in 1376.
Later on, when these trials were over, thanks to the mercy of God, our Lady told Blessed Alan to revive the former Confraternity of the Holy Rosary. Blessed Alan was one of the Dominican Fathers at the monastery at Dinan, in Brittany. He was an eminent theologian and a famous preacher. Our Lady chose him because, since the Confraternity had originally been started in that province, it was fitting that a Dominican from the same province should have the honour of re-establishing it.
Blessed Alan began this great work in 1460, after a special warning from our Lord. This is how he received that urgent message, as he himself tells it:
One day when he was offering Mass, our Lord, who wished to spur him on to preach the holy Rosary, spoke to him in the Sacred Host. "How can you crucify me again so soon?" Jesus said. "What did you say, Lord?" asked Blessed Alan, horrified. "You crucified me once before by your sins," answered Jesus, "and I would willingly be crucified again rather than have my Father offended by the sins you used to commit. You are crucifying me again now because you have all the learning and understanding that you need to preach my Mother's Rosary, and you are not doing it. If you only did that, you could teach many souls the right path and lead them away from sin. But you are not doing it, and so you yourself are guilty of the sins that they commit."
This terrible reproach made Blessed Alan solemnly resolve to preach the Rosary unceasingly.
Our Lady also said to him one day to inspire him to preach the Rosary more and more, "You were a great sinner in your youth, but I obtained the grace of your conversion from my Son. Had such a thing been possible, I would have liked to have gone through all kinds of suffering to save you, because converted sinners are a glory to me. And I would have done that also to make you worthy of preaching my Rosary far and wide."
Saint Dominic appeared to Blessed Alan as well and told him of the great results of his ministry: he had preached the Rosary unceasingly, his sermons had borne great fruit and many people had been converted during his missions.
He said to Blessed Alan, "See what wonderful results I have had through preaching the Rosary. You and all who love our Lady ought to do the same so that, by means of this holy practice of the Rosary, you may draw all people to the real science of the virtues."
Briefly, then, this is the history of how Saint Dominic established the holy Rosary and of how Blessed Alan de la Roche restored it. From the time Saint Dominic established the devotion to the holy Rosary up to the time when Blessed Alan de la Roche reestablished it in 1460, it has always been called the Psalter of Jesus and Mary. This is because it has the same number of Hail Marys as there are psalms in the Book of the Psalms of David. Since simple and uneducated people are not able to say the Psalms of David, the Rosary is held to be just as fruitful for them as David's Psalter is for others. E ver since Blessed Alan de la Roche re-established this devotion, the voice of the people, which is the voice of God, gave it the name of the Rosary, which means "crown of roses." That is to say that every time people say the Rosary devoutly they place on the heads of Jesus and Mary 153 white roses and sixteen red roses. Being heavenly flowers, these roses will never fade or lose their beauty.
Our Lady has approved and confirmed this name of the Rosary; she has revealed to several people that each time they say a Hail Mary they are giving her a beautiful rose, and that each complete Rosary makes her a crown of roses.
So the complete Rosary is a large crown of roses and each chaplet of five decades is a little wreath of flowers or a little crown of heavenly roses which we place on the heads of Jesus and Mary. The rose is the queen of flowers, and so the Rosary is the rose of devotions and the most important one by Saint Louis Marie Grignion De Montfort
Comandante Trump, El Jefe, the gringo strongman!
That's the image our current commander-in-chief seems to be cultivating. He has surrounded himself with generals, he cavalierly threatens war with all "bad hombres," he is drastically bulking up military spending and he imperiously slaps foreign leaders, whole ethnic groups, and entire nations with demeaning tweets and public rants. Posing as Patton on the Potomac, President Donald Trump is out to "Make America feared again."
Advertisement:
How is that working out? Look south, to Mexico. Our bellicose president has repeatedly blasted Mexicans again and again as marauding thieves, murderers and rapists. Adding injury to insult, the smirking Trump pledged that he would immediately seal off Mexico by building a 1,800-mile-long, 30-foot high wall — which he described as "impenetrable, physical, tall, powerful, beautiful." But the big man and his big wall are crumbling in the face of reality. Start with the cost: $21.6 billion! The congressional leaders of Trump's own party couldn't choke down a number that big, so the interim budget agreement they passed in April provided exactly zero dollars to start building his wall.
Then there's the reality of illegal entry into our country. First, two-thirds of undocumented people living here enter legally, zipping through customs with a valid visa. Then when their visa expires, they just stay here. No wall will affect this big majority of immigrants; they would literally walk through or fly over Trump's massive monument to futility. Second, these days, most people crossing the Mexican border illegally are not Mexicans, but El Salvadorans, Hondurans, Guatemalans and other Central Americans, many of which are children fleeing gangs that are routinely kidnapping, raping and murdering kids. Furthermore, the fastest growth in illegal immigration is not from Latinos, but people from Asian nations.
As President Trump is finding out in his ill-fated war with Mexico, the problem that world powers have when they pick fights with seemingly powerless countries is that even small dogs have sharp teeth. His scheme for a wall is collapsing because some two-thirds of the U.S. public simply isn't buying that boondoggle and most people think it is just plain stupid. But Mexicans are the ones blunting Trump's other major attack on them — an attempt to slap a 20 percent border tax on Mexican products shipped into the U.S.
"Nobody knows more about trade than me," the Donald crowed during his presidential run. Narcissistic hyperbole aside, it turns out that Mexican farmers do know a lot more about corn than he does. And they also know that a lot of U.S.-Mexico trade consists of corn.
Until the North American Free Trade Agreement came along, Mexico was a corn exporter. But grain trading giants such as Cargill wrote provisions into NAFTA to rig the rules so they could grab Mexico's corn market. They drove hundreds of thousands of Mexican producers out of business and Mexico — where corn originated — dependent on imports from the U.S.
But now, Mexicans are turning that imported corn into a political weapon against Trump's trade bluster. Rather than buy from the U.S., they're negotiating to import corn from Brazil. And even more significant, they're planning to invest in their own farmers to make Mexico self-sufficient again in this important crop.
Advertisement:
Mexico's counteroffensive has caused apoplexy among congressional Republicans from the U.S. Corn Belt. About 75 percent of Iowa's corn, for example, goes to Mexico, and losing that market would devastate Iowa's economy.
So, the "little dog" bit Trump on the rump, and the "big dog" has now backed away from his border-tax idea — having learned that even farmers know more about trade than he does. Far from making America feared, much less "great," Trump's foolish belligerence is making him a global laughingstock.
In a move that will make conservatives and extreme right-wingers rejoice, MSNBC is reportedly going to get rid of the left-wing programming and liberal hosts in light of their recent ratings slide and therefore will remove Rev. Al Sharpton from his nightly TV show slot.
Sharpton has had a successful run with “Politics Nation With Al Sharpton” since 2011, but the exit of liberal firebrand Keith Olbermann to ESPN, along with the 6-month banishment of the iconic Brian Williams, has caused seismic quakes at the mothership network that the executives are still reeling from.
According to the Daily Beast:
In the longer term, these sources said, the Rev. Al Sharpton—a larger-than-life personality who attracts a 35 percent African-American audience but continues, after 3½ years of nightly practice, to wrestle with his Teleprompter—could eventually be moved from his weeknight 6 p.m. slot to a weekend time period, as MNSBC President Phil Griffin attempts to reverse significant viewership slides by accentuating straight news over left-leaning opinion.
“Everybody in the food chain from top to bottom understands that the Olbermann era is over,” said an MSNBC source, referring to the glory days during George W. Bush's administration when incendiary liberal Keith Olbermann regularly attracted a million viewers—many of them seeking refuge from White House and Republican talking points.
The MSNBC source said, “Going left was a brilliant strategy while it lasted and made hundreds of millions of dollars for Comcast, but now it doesn't work anymore…The goal is to move away from left-wing TV.”
Sharpton is not alone in being on the hot seat. It is also being reported that popular hosts Ed Schultz, Chris Hayes, and Lawrence O'Donnell could also be gone in the network's reshuffling of their lineup. Joy Reid's and Ronan Farrow's shows have already been cancelled in what may turn out to be a complete overhaul when everything is said and done.
The one keeper seems to be Rachel Maddow, who is beloved by the left. Currently her show airs at 9 p.m., but the reports state that Maddow will replace Chris Hayes in the coveted 8 p.m. time slot while the network looks to fill the vacancy for 9 p.m.
Sharpton was not able to reached for comment about this story.
Also On Atlanta Daily World:
Al Qaeda's North African wing has rejected the mediaeval-style caliphate declared by a militant Islamist group in Iraq and Syria, and confirmed its allegiance to al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri, according a statement posted on social media.
The group calling itself the Islamic State announced last month it was creating a caliphate on lands it has captured in Syria's civil war and during a rapid advance through swathes of Iraq.
In a direct challenge to al Qaeda, its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi assumed the title of caliph and issued a message seeking to assert authority over Muslims everywhere and rally them for jihad, or holy war. The Islamic State is an offshoot of al Qaeda, whose global leadership has disowned it.
The statement attributed to Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) criticized Baghdadi's group for failing to consult with jihadi leaders, according to SITE, an authoritative U.S.-based organization that monitors Islamist militant communiques.
“We confirm that we still adhere to our pledge of allegiance to our sheikh and emir, Ayman al-Zawahri,” the statement said, referring to the Egyptian who took on al Qaeda's leadership after U.S. special forces killed Osama bin Laden in 2011.
AQIM was originally based in Algeria, but has expanded more widely across the Sahel region of North Africa. Its leader Abdelmalek Droukdel has been loyal to the core al Qaeda leadership alongside other Islamist militant groups in the region.
[wpResize]
Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times
Millions of children, adults and families are affected by attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or A.D.H.D., a troubling condition that can cause problems with work, school and relationships. But when is it time to seek professional help? And is the diagnosis of A.D.H.D. handed out too often? These are among the issues recently raised by readers of the Consults blog.
Here, Dr. Russell A. Barkley, clinical professor of psychiatry at the Medical University of South Carolina and author, most recently, of “Taking Charge of Adult A.D.H.D.,” responds to reader questions. And for more information, see Dr. Barkley's responses in the Related Posts section, below, and The Times Health Guide: A.D.H.D. Additional responses will be coming throughout the week.
Is A.D.H.D. Even an Illness?
Q.
Why must we insist that every quirk of human nature and behavior, every feature beyond two standard deviations from the mean, must be named officially as an illness and then, too often, medicated? Why must people post here that they need their own diagnosis of flaws in their spouse that bug them be “validated” so, I assume, they can find a medical excuse to continue to live with a person that irritates them? Why does it feel so much better if science puts a name on something that disturbs us about another (be it a child, a spouse, a relative or just a neighbor) and why the compulsion to drug that disturbing quirk out of existence, even in spite of the very likely adverse effects of doing so?
A.
Dr. Barkley responds:
We label things all the time in daily life to create concepts and categories of things in the material world, which allows us to begin to identify how some things in one category or label are different from things in another category. Your question is directed at the labeling of psychological or psychiatric disorders in particular, but even so, the same principle applies. By labeling groups of people who share a common set of symptoms that are producing serious impairment in their major life activities, we can learn more about what may be causing that disorder, what its risk factors are, and whether it responds better to some treatments than others. These are important issues.
So while it may seem that every aspect of human life is being given a diagnosis, this is simply false. Surveys of large populations of people in the United States continue to show that about 5 to 8 percent of children meet criteria for a diagnosis of A.D.H.D., and 4 to 5 percent of adults. That is hardly evidence that everyone is being diagnosed with this disorder.
Seeking Professional Help for A.D.H.D.
Q.
It's difficult as a parent to approach the subject of A.D.H.D. without feeling like you're falling prey to the trendiness of the diagnosis. However, I can't shake the feeling that my just-7-year-old son has some attention challenges that are making his life more difficult. While he gets good grades in a challenging private school, has many friends, and is not at all aggressive, his teachers say he really struggles to maintain focus. When should a parent make the decision that outside intervention/medical consideration is truly warranted — and how do you ensure that the person you consult isn't overdiagnosing? Such a dilemma for parents these days.
LisaD, Charleston, S.C.
A.
Dr. Barkley responds:
Symptoms of A.D.H.D., like distractedness and impulsiveness, can occur to varying degrees within the general population. As symptoms increase in severity, the condition can become more troublesome, eventually impairing a child's major life activities.
So where does a disorder like A.D.H.D. begin and “normal” behavior — or just high energy levels — leave off?
When a symptom like inattention, as in your child's case, or hyperactivity or impulsiveness has reached a level at which it becomes excessive and inappropriate for the child's age, it may be time to seek professional advice. Symptoms that have lasted for at least six months and, most importantly, are interfering with a child's major life activities, like school, relations with friends or family matters, are particular areas of concern. Another sign that a parent should seek professional help is getting feedback from others that a child may have a problem with any of these symptoms and that it is leading to impairment.
There is no way to know in advance if a particular doctor or other professional is overdiagnosing the disorder in the patients they see. But that would be very unusual, as most clinicians are very conservative in giving a diagnosis. If you think the evaluation is rather short and superficial, then seek a second opinion with a second clinician.
In addition, there may be local support groups in your area. If so, you can ask parents who belong to the group whom they recommend for an expert evaluation of A.D.H.D.
Q.
Neuropsychologists do thorough evaluations that can result in a diagnosis of A.D.H.D. with any of a combination of inattention, hyperactivity, impulsivity. There's a lot more to a decent evaluation than questionnaires. And there can be a lot more going on with “attention” problems than garden-variety A.D.H.D.
GrammyofWanda, Maine
A.
Dr. Barkley responds:
While neuropsychological testing may have some value for other learning disabilities or evaluating the extent of cognitive impairment from brain injuries, it is of little or no value in making the diagnosis of A.D.H.D. Interviews with the patient and family, rating scales, the history of the patient and the use of diagnostic criteria from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, along with the professional's expert knowledge of differential diagnosis of disorders, are all essential parts to an evaluation.
The only testing that may be needed in such cases is to rule out limited intelligence or learning disabilities as possible coexisting problems that could explain some of the performance difficulties the person may be having in school settings. Otherwise, there are no psychological, medical or neurological tests that are useful for diagnosing A.D.H.D.
A Husband With A.D.H.D.
Q.
My husband shows all the classic symptoms of A.D.H.D. However, the current diagnostic procedure is for the person to get a multiple-choice form about his behavior filled out by family, friends and co-workers, and if two of the forms fall in the A.D.H.D. category, the person is diagnosed. The form I filled out was well into the category, but the work and social forms were not. Hence he was not diagnosed. However, this did not take into account the organizing work I do with him every day, to make sure that his work tasks for the day are listed and checked off, his social activities are organized, etc. When will we get a different method of diagnosis, which diagnoses the underlying problem, and is not affected by the workarounds that the person has in place to cope with his difficulties? I think that an objective diagnosis will serve as a validation of my contributions, as well as of the fact that my husband has a neurological condition rather than a selfish nature.
UC, Austin, Tex.
A.
Dr. Barkley responds:
The diagnosis should have been based on an interview with the patient and someone who knows him well, probably you. It should not be based solely on completing forms because, as you noted, it is not possible to determine the extent to which compensatory efforts are being made to deal with the A.D.H.D.
The Stigma of A.D.H.D.
Q.
Is there any way to combat the pervasive view of A.D.H.D. as a made-up disorder that benefits not the child, but the pharmaceutical companies and doctors?
Dr. Meh, Boston
A.
Dr. Barkley responds:
The pervasive view that A.D.H.D. is a fiction invented by drug companies has never had any basis in fact. The diagnosis of the disorder predates the widespread clinical use of medications to treat it and thousands of studies on the disorder have been done with no involvement of the drug industry. Those studies show that the disorder is legitimate, valid and widely impairing of an individual's ability to effectively participate in major life activities like school, work, family, social relations, driving, money management and child-rearing.
Critics of A.D.H.D., including fringe religious groups, are part of the source for such propaganda against the disorder. Their claims have sometimes been uncritically perpetrated by journalists who fail to check out the source of the claim or the group asserting it. Getting accurate information into the media is one of the best ways to counteract this false assertion.
For more information, see Dr. Barkley's responses in the Related Posts section, below, and The Times Health Guide: A.D.H.D.
After 20,000 emails from Democratic National Committee officials were released by WikiLeaks via an unknown hacker, the founder of the website said there is more to come.
Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, said there is “significant material” currently being verified by the organization, according to the Washington Examiner. Assange also said his organization is strategizing about how to release the material for “maximum exposure.”
And they expect results.
"We brought down the head of the DNC," Assange said, referring to the resignation of former DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz. "We have authentic information. The goal of WikiLeaks … is to educate the public. To turn a dark world into a lighter world."
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
If there is more material coming, it's possible that it could include documents from the Clinton Foundation. Back in June, before the DNC leaks made international headlines, Bloomberg reported that the non-profit organization headed by Bill and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had possibly been hacked by Russians.
The Clinton Foundation has taken large sums of money from foreign donors and has been suspected of returning the favor through political means, according to both Politico and The New York Times.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Whatever WikiLeaks ends up publishing, it will surely be timed to generate the most interest, which was the idea behind releasing the DNC emails just before the DNC convention.
“That's when we knew there would be maximum interest by readers, but also we have a responsibility to,” Assange said, according to Yahoo! News. “If we published after [the convention], you can just imagine how outraged the Democratic voting population would have been.”
Sources: Washington Examiner, Politico, The New York Times, Yahoo! News / Photo credit: Cancilleria del Ecuador/Flickr
The other day, I logged into PlanetSide 2 and was greeted by the above. The TR were being pounded on all sides with over 200 players at the base neighboring the warpgate while the NC and VS, despite having a large number of connections, only had one decently-sized fight going, and it was far smaller than anything on the TR front.
Much has been written about trying to fix the issue of population flow in PlanetSide 2, and much has been attempted already. Adjacency, the lattice, continent locking… All of these were done to try to fix this basic problem, and some of them have helped at least to some extent, but the problem still exists, and attempts to change ‘the meta', such as construction, have actually made it worse again.
And then, while I was attempting, yet again, to get through Thomas Sowell's Basic Economics, it hit me.
PlanetSide 2's population flow doesn't work because PlanetSide 2 is a centrally planned economy.
Wait, what?
You're probably wondering what in the world PlanetSide 2 population flow has to do with economics. It's pretty simple, really. Lionel Robbins, a distinguished British economist, gave a nice, clean definition of economics:
Economics is the study of the use of scarce resources which have alternative uses.
In PlanetSide 2's case, there are a number of resources that this could apply to, but the primary one here is players or, rather, player skill, a distinction that makes a difference because individual players are not equal. Skill is both scarce and has alternative uses. Anything a player could do in the game is an alternative use of that player's skill, right down to simply showing up to a different fight.
The problem here is, as has been stated on quite a few occasions, one of incentives. Why should players show up to fights where there aren't enough players?
Early on in the game's history, they simply didn't show up. Any territory could be captured at any time, and zergs would just move around the map avoiding each other because there was no incentive to actually fight. To try to prevent this, adjacency and lattice were added, one after another, but this caused a new problem in the form of stalemates while still allowing zergs to sometimes avoid each other, especially if there weren't enough players on a continent. Again, in an attempt to mitigate the issues, continent locking was added, but this caused still more issues as it annoyed both players who were enjoying the fights and those trying to find smaller fights.
All of these attempted solutions, however, are somewhat akin to price controls, and suffer from many of the same problems inherent to price controls.
Before I can explain why, I first need to do a quick rundown of the role of prices in an economy. Prices, to paraphrase Dr. Sowell, are a communication network. When there's a shortage of a resource in an area, meaning that demand is exceeding supply, prices on that resource rise, which in turn incentivizes selling that resource there. When there's a surplus, on the other hand, prices fall. People looking where to buy and sell don't need to know that there's a shortage here or a surplus there; just by looking at the prices they can determine which to do where. What's particularly important about this is that the amounts involved that create a ‘surplus' or ‘shortage' are not absolute. Often, more of a resource is necessary in one area than in another.
In Soviet Russia, prices were set by a series of central bodies. Unfortunately, this failed miserably due to the simple matter of the economic calculation problem. Essentially, it just wasn't physically possible for a small group of people to coordinate decisions usually made by every single member of the population. For example, at one point, the price of moleskins was raised by the government. As Soviet economists Nikolai Shmelev and Vladimir Popov put it:
State purchases increased, and now all the distribution centers are filled with these pelts. Industry is unable to use them all, and they often rot in warehouses before they can be processed. The Ministry of Light Industry has already requested Goskomtsen [State Committee on Prices] twice to lower purchasing prices, but the “question has not been decided” yet. And this is not surprising. Its members are too busy to decide. They have no time: besides setting prices on these pelts, they have to keep track of another 24 million prices.
O.K., but wasn't this about PlanetSide 2?
In PlanetSide 2, the situation is very much the same. The game designers have set a fixed price, in the form of XP, and thus certs, on player skill. This price is more or less uniform. No matter where you go in the game, the most it varies is in terms of defense and continent population bonuses. When people respond to this uniform price by, inevitably, going to where they can get the most points with the least effort, various systems have been thrown on top to force players to do what the price system is telling them not to. But, like actual price controls, or like the threat of a Soviet gulag, these measures don't work. Not completely, at any rate.
Now, unlike in a real economy, and unlike in Soviet Russia, PlanetSide 2's designers have a number of major advantages over normal central planners, but two are of particular importance. One is that all data is available to the system at all times, and the other is that player skill is the only scarce resource that's really that important.
In a real economy, even if it seems theoretically possible to solve the economic calculation problem by simply throwing more people at the task, this still doesn't work because prices only have meaning relative to each other. If you wanted to coordinate 24 million prices, you'd need not only enough people to keep track of those numbers, but you'd also need them to coordinate every single one of those prices with every single other price.
In PS2, this problem is simplified by the fact that there's only one resource. However, that resource still needs multiple prices set for each of the various regions in the game, and for each task that needs doing in each region.
So, what's the solution?
There are two solutions.
One is to attempt to come up with a method for automatically adjusting prices, which may actually be possible in PS2, unlike in a real economy, but this still has a number of major issues. In particular, what's to stop everyone just swarming from one highly priced job to the next? Sure, some people certainly won't simply because they don't want to bother leaving the fight they're at or because there's a need for medics and they're flying a Liberator, but too many people might, and the system is likely to need a lot of fine tuning. Waiting for the devs to update the system probably wouldn't be quite as destructive as waiting for the Soviet government to update prices was, but it would still be annoying.
The second solution, on the other hand, is to simply remove the devs from the picture. Institute a free market for player skill.
You're insane.
Yeah, probably. I'm writing messages to myself in headers in a blog post. But hear me out.
The idea's actually been proposed by the devs themselves before, although to a lesser degree. Essentially, this is the mission system, phase 2. In the original proposal, the idea was that players would be able to post missions, e.g. ‘Kill tanks in this area.', and players would temporarily get an XP boost from following the mission.
My idea is similar, but with a bit more oomph to it.
In this plan, players would have access to a faction-wide job board. Any player could, at any time, post a job to this board. The job could be pretty much anything: ‘Capture this base within this time-limit.', ‘Destroy this HIVE.', ‘Take out this Sunderer.', etc. When posting the job, and this is the really important part, the player making the post would offer however many of their own certs as they wanted as payment for successful completion. Players, squads, or maybe even outfits, could then apply to take on this job, and the certs would be transferred from the offering player to the players that accepted it. No new certs enter ‘circulation'; the hired players simply get the offering player's certs, which are then split up amongst the hired players in some manner. However, as a bonus for the offering player, if their faction locks a continent, they get double the number of certs they paid in total for all jobs on that continent that were successfully completed.
Now, this plan's got a number of potential issues. For one thing, tying the reward for paying for jobs to continent locking may make the risk of posting jobs too high. After all, the employers of two factions will lose all of their ‘investments' when a given continent locks. But this is just an example; the point is that by allowing players to control the prices for skill using their own ‘money', the system could adjust dynamically on a constant basis.
Another potential problem is that of defense. Currently, defending a base is very poorly defined. If the enemy flips a point for just a couple of seconds and then you flip it back, congratulations, you defended the base. Worse, if they never flip the point, the game doesn't even consider it having been a battle at all. To this end, I would recommend simply not having base defense missions. If jobs can be posted to, for example, destroy all the Sunderers in a region, then that would probably cover defenses pretty well.
Yet another, although much simpler, problem is spam. What's to prevent people from just throwing tons of 1 cert jobs up onto the board, cluttering it up? Fortunately, this could likely be solved in a much simpler manner. In a real economy, the price control known as a ‘minimum wage' is an effective way of destroying the entry level job market. In this case, however, it could be used to effectively prevent spam by much the same mechanism. An ironic usage of what is normally a bad economic policy, perhaps, but a likely very effective one.
I still think you're insane.
Well, I don't really expect this to get implemented, of course. I don't know if anyone else will think this is even a decent basis for a good idea, which is why I'm writing this up in the first place. Even if people do like it I doubt that the devs have the time for the heavy-duty UI work that this would presumably require. But please, let me know what you think.
Or, if you really want to go nuts with this whole thing, how about a bit of faction flavor? Implement the above idea, but only for the NC, have the TR use an automated price-adjustment system, and have the Vanu do something alieny. Maybe they could just get certs at random or something…
Detection deception experts such as Pamela Meyer, in her popular book Liespotting argue that there are behavior cues everyday people can use to spot lying. Hear Pam discuss her book and ideas at this NPR link on the TED Radio Hour and listen to: Can You Spot A Liar? Scroll down at this site and check out the related story links. Click here and see some of the common clues that a lying person might give away that would allow you to detect that they are deceiving you.But a host of reputable scientists, like John Fuerdy of the University of Toronto, question the efficacy of lie detectors: "Studies have long shown that polygraphs are remarkably unreliable, particularly for screening job applicants. As early as 1965, a congressional committee concluded that there was no evidence to support the polygraph's validity; a 1997 survey in the Journal of Applied Psychology put the test's accuracy rate at only 61 percent. Polygraph evidence is generally inadmissible in court because, as Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas noted in his majority opinion in the 1998 case U.S. v. Scheffer, "there is simply no consensus that polygraph evidence is reliable." Indeed, the lie detector is so untrustworthy that Congress passed the Employee Polygraph Protection Act in 1988, making it illegal for private-sector employers to compel workers to take polygraph exams."But all hope is not lost, new scientific research has given us the power to measure the brain like never before. According to neurological research by Dr. Leonard Mlodinow , a professor at CalTech, in his book Subliminal , 95% of what our brain is processing is subconscious. What if we could measure the subconscious communication of a liar and accurately spot deception?Psychologist Dr. James Pennebaker at the University of Texas ran five studies in which he asked participants to either lie or tell the truth about different topics and different contexts and measured their language. Do you think we can we develop a linguistic lie detector?Watch an interview with Dr. Pennebaker about the topic. Using a communications science technology called linguistic text analysis, people can examine the deceptive language of liars and for the first time ever, accurately predict whether or not someone is telling the truth. For more information about different linguist text analysis, watch his TEDx Talk: The Secret Life of Pronouns. Read an article by Matthew Newman and Dr. Pennebaker: Lying Words: Predicting Deception from Linguistic Styles and gain some insight into how to tell a true story from a false one.
Jealousy and possessiveness usually get in the way of friendships between a person's lovers. Yet this kind of friendship is one of the most natural varieties of all. Something of what one loves in one's partner is usually found in the partner's other partners, because of the power of sexual love as such. People linked in love tend to become alike, to coalesce. That's why romantic comedy resonates so deeply with viewers, and why critics tend to worry about its well-being as a genre: its subject is not just companionship and life choices, it's identity.
That's also why the premise of the new romantic comedy “The Other Woman” is irresistible, and why its bland, thin realization is all the more disheartening. Cameron Diaz plays Carly Whitten, a New York corporate lawyer who is trailing a long string of unhappy relationships; she finds sudden love with Mark King (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau), a handsome and virile venture capitalist who neglects to inform her that he's married. In planning an erotic surprise for him at his Connecticut home, she meets Mark's wife, Kate (Leslie Mann), who, in turn, confronts her about the affair. From that confrontation, a friendship quickly develops (as Carly says, “We've been played by the same man”). When they suspect that there's another other woman (Kate Upton) in the picture, they take off in pursuit and become amateur detectives, and ultimately learn even more about Mark's hidden life.
As the movie veers from verbal wrangling to slapstick, much of what's wrong with it can be pinned to the director, Nick Cassavetes, who has neither a sense of comic timing nor spacing. Much of what's called “comic timing” is actually a matter of proximity or distance. Take a film by the director's father, John Cassavetes—his last and least, “Big Trouble,” from 1986 (coming to Anthology Film Archives May 2-4), a comic version of “Double Indemnity” starring Alan Arkin as the insurance salesman and Peter Falk as the chump whose wife will do him in for the payout. The movie is no masterwork, but it has some uproarious moments, such as when the swinging Falk pushes the square Arkin to sample his rare stash of Norwegian sardine liqueur. Ingeniously, Cassavetes père polishes the raw comic gems of Falk's great delivery and Arkin's expressions in a thirty-second closeup; the timing works because the camera is in the right place.
In “The Other Woman,” Leslie Mann has an extraordinary showcase and she uses it flamboyantly, with an amazingly inventive range of inflections and line readings. She's a major comic actor, but Nick Cassavetes does her no favors; his vague framings and ping-pong editing leach the immediacy from her performance. And he turns Diaz, playing a poised and serious person with a playful streak, into a caricature with a frozen smile and a flustery manner. The proof of the misdirection can be found in a scene that features Mann, Diaz, and Upton side by side: the eye is guided straight to the amateur, not because of youth or beauty but ingenuousness. Upton's stolid expressions seem immune to the director's overemphatic indications and keep a measure of spontaneity.
For a movie about love, “The Other Woman” is silent on what brings people together. The smooth talk and worldly wit that gets the affairs started and keeps them going remain unimagined. Mark's relationships take place in a void—except for sex, which is the real subject of the movie. The opening montage shows Carly and Mark's romance starting hot and heavy, and it's a highlighted plot point that, in their eight weeks together, they had sex about fifty times. He's got a furious sex drive and, apparently, he's irresistibly alluring to women, who keep coming back for more.
The best thing in the movie (besides Mann's very presence) is the mechanics of Mark's deception, the machinations of the double and triple life. He has been manufacturing an endless repertoire of meetings and business trips and boys' nights out in order to keep his affairs going. Whether he's a sex addict in the clinical sense is unaddressed; what's clear is that his lust is inseparable from his lies, the fulfillment of his desires inextricable from his callousness. He is, in every sense, a total dick, and the movie runs on the unasked question of whether a total dick is a better lover, whether Mark's swaggering egotism is an essential part of (or maybe an inevitable result of) his sexual prowess—whether the cavalier heartbreaker with the massive technique isn't a natural object of desire, and whether the good guy with whom one settles down confidently doesn't also entail other kinds of settling.
In any case, though the action of the film shifts, early on, away from Mark's deceptive machinations and toward Carly's solidarity with Kate, he remains the axis of the story, the maypole around which the entire comic drama is organized. The point of the story is to tear Mark down, to demolish the phallic fetish and clear the ground for something more sheltering. (Note that Kate's brother, the movie's Mr. Nice Guy, played by Taylor Kinney, is a construction contractor.)
Yet Kate and Carly—and, for that matter, the “other other” and a host of others—are marked by Mark. He leaves his imprint on them, but “The Other Woman” doesn't trace it, or, for that matter, reckon with his absence. He comes, and he goes. The movie has no unconscious, no quiet moments of reflection, no frustrated desires, no introspection, no real secrets. The story's underlying symbolic power remains untapped. But maybe that very power suggests why romantic comedy is the genre most prone to distortions and deceptions, why it's the one that offers the greatest temptation to sugarcoat and cut corners: because it's all about identity, the stories it tells are the ones that people tell themselves about themselves. Its revelations are the most troubling, and its clichés are the most comforting.
Photograph: Twentieth Century Fox
Jennifer Lawrence is a Hollywood actress, who has acted in a number of Hollywood movies and television shows. She was first noticed in her lead role in The Bill Engvall Show on TBS, which came out in the year 2007. After that, she was a part of the American drama film, Winter's Bone in 2010. “X-Men: First Class”, which released in 2011, became her first commercially successful endeavor.
For her outstanding performances, she has been nominated for and has won many awards including Oscar Award, Golden Globe, and others. She won the Academy Award for her acting in the comedy- drama, Silver Linings Playbook. She won a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award for her work as a supporting role in the comedy-drama, American Hustle.
Jennifer Lawrence was born on August 15, 1990 in Kentucky in the United States. Her father, Gary Lawrence, is a construction worker and mother, Karen is a camp manager for kids. She is the youngest and has two brothers, Blaine and Ben. At a young age of fourteen, she managed to convince her parents to take her to New York City so that she can pursue her dreams of becoming an actor. As a student, she was quite smart and completed her high school with a 3.9/4 average score, two years in advance. Even at that young age, Lawrence worked in her parent's children camp, all the while studying and working small acting jobs.
Lawrence made her acting debut with the comedy series, The Bill Engvall Show. She played the role of the eldest daughter. Starting in the year 2007, the series wrapped up after completing season 3. The cast of the show received excellent reviews from the critic. The cast even won a number of awards and received award nominations, thus putting Lawrence on a path to success.
took the plunge into the movie business in 2008, with a brief role in the American drama film, Garden Party. After that, she once again made an appearance in the movie, The Poker House by Lori Petty, for which she won the Los Angeles Film Festival Award for an Outstanding Performance. Her next role was in the movie, The Burning Plain, along with seasoned actors like Charlize Theron and Kim Basinger. For this performance, she received the Best Emerging Actress Marcello Mastroianni Award at the Venice Film Festival. Lawrence was also seen in a music video by Parachute, The Mess I Made.
Her breakout performance was in the movie, Winter's Bone, a creation of Debra Granik which also won the Best Picture Award at the Sunday Film Festival. In this movie, she played the role of a fourteen year old who takes care of her young siblings as well as a sick mother and is also searching for her missing father. Her performance gained critical acclaim and won the hearts of the audiences. She received the award for the Best Breakthrough Performance from the National Board of Review and was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Then came Like Crazy, an independent film, in which Jennifer Lawrence performed with Anton Yelchin, Felicity Jones, and Alex Kingston. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival. She also made an appearance in the comedy, The Beaver. Although the movie was wrapped up in 2009 itself, it was released only later in the year 2011, due to the controversies clouding the star actress Mel Gibson. She starred in the movie, X-Men: First Class, which also premiered the same year, as a prequel to X-Men Series. In the movie, Lawrence acted alongside James McAvoy and Michael Fassbender. She played the role of the shape-changing mutant, Mystique, which was previously done by Rebecca Romijn. The movie was big success at the box office and earned a total of $353.6 million. In the year 2011, Lawrence also joined the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
New Delhi: Following the footsteps of her husband Javed Akhtar, actress Shabana Azmi on Friday hit out at All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen leader Asaduddin Owaisi over his refusal to chant 'Bharat mata ki jai'.
Speaking at a conclave in the national capital, Shabana Azmi said, "I would like to ask Owaisi sahab, would he be OK saying 'Bharat ammi ki jai' instead of Bharat mata, if he has got a problem with 'mata' and not 'bharat'."
On Tuesday, noted lyricist and Shabana Azmi's husband, Javed Akhtar, had, without naming Owaisi, attacked the Hyderabad MP for the refusal, saying: "He said he will not say `Bharat mata ki jai` as the Constitution does not require him to say so. The Constitution even does not ask him to wear sherwani (dress) and topi (cap)... I don`t care to know whether saying `Bharat mata ki jai` is my duty or not, it is my right."
Accompanying his wife at the event, Akhtar today said he would contest elections against the India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen leader if given a constituency with Hindus and Muslims in equal numbers.
Rejecting RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's suggestion for infusing patriotism, Owaisi had on Sunday said he will not chant 'Bharat Mata ki Jai' even if a knife is put to his throat.
At one of Alphabet's campuses in Mountain View, California, entomologists working behind the steel door of a bio-safety lab are breeding mosquitoes in a new effort by the search giant to create automated insect farms.
The work is a surprise new project by Alphabet's health spin-off, Verily, which says it hopes to release millions or billions of sterilized mosquitoes as a way to battle the spread of dengue and the Zika virus, including in U.S. cities.
The plan, endorsed at the highest levels of Alphabet, formerly known as Google and the world's second most valuable company after Apple, involves new gadgetry for rearing mosquitoes, geospatial software to track them, and plans for pilot tests in which mosquitoes would be released from trucks in urban areas.
Big, hard-to-solve public health problems seem increasingly irresistible to Silicon Valley. Last month, Mark Zuckerberg announced he'd give away $3 billion to solve “all disease” within a century. And Verily's jump into mosquitoes also lands it in territory already staked out by Microsoft billionaire Bill Gates, whose foundation has spent $40 million on Eliminate Dengue, a mosquito program preparing large-scale interventions in Rio de Janeiro and Medellin, Colombia.
Verily's project, still at an early stage, is the brainchild of Linus Upson, a senior Google engineer who previously headed Chrome, the company's category-killing Internet browser. Mosquitoes kill more people than any other animal and, Upson says, “the question is what could Google do to solve it."
Zika and dengue are spread by Aedes aegypti, an urban mosquito that's widespread in Latin America and has found its way north. This year the bug began spreading Zika in Miami, causing the first locally acquired cases of that disease in the U.S.
Verily says it is announcing its project because it is hoping to conduct field tests of its mosquitoes, plans that would become public anyway. “People in some parts of the U.S. are asking for help,” says Upson. “But if we are going to release mosquitoes in the real world, we need to talk to communities. This isn't like launching a consumer Internet service.”
Upson declined to say which areas, cities, or countries might be first, saying discussions with partner organizations were ongoing. Verily is part of Alphabet's “other bets,” including Google Fiber, anti-aging company Calico, and Nest. In the first six months of 2016, these ventures lost $1.6 billion, and some investors will scratch their heads at the idea of the Silicon Valley giant creating mosquito farms.
Alphabet's life science subsidiary has launched an array of new ventures, including miniature glucose sensors and a $700 million joint venture with Glaxo to develop “bioelectronic” drugs, although the company's ideas have also drawn criticism for being seemingly disconnected and far-fetched.
Upson, a vice president for engineering at Verily, spent a year investigating every aspect of mosquito science, e-mailing experts, even sitting in on meetings being held in Hawaii, where mosquitoes are ravaging native birds.
“I've known they were interested, but the work has been done under a lot of secrecy,” says Scott O'Neill, the Australian entomologist who leads Eliminate Dengue.
Verily considered a variety of ideas for controlling mosquitoes. One technology Upson looked at is gene drives, a “selfish” DNA construct that mosquitoes pass to their offspring, but that later poisons them. But that idea is controversial and still in the early stages, says Upson. Verily also passed up a chance to buy Oxitec, a U.K. company that has been testing gene-modified mosquitoes, and was later acquired by Intrexon, a U.S. synthetic biology conglomerate, for $160 million. Alphabet's health spin-off instead settled on a less radical way of modifying mosquitoes that involves infecting them with a bacterium called Wolbachia. When a male carrying Wolbachia mates with a normal female, her eggs are incorrectly fertilized and offspring don't develop. Think of it as a form of birth control.
Releasing millions of males in a neighborhood or city could cause mosquito populations to disappear.
The Wolbachia technique is fairly well studied, deemed safe, and is also lightly regulated in the U.S. as a “biopesticide.” One company, Mosquito Mate, based in Kentucky, has already been testing the technique in Los Angeles and near Fresno, and its trials haven't generated any public outcry.
“This is a great field to be in if your motto is ‘don't be evil,'” says Guy Reeves, an evolutionary biologist at the Max Planck Institute, referring to the original motto of Google. “It's possible to undertake experimental releases without endangering the community consent that is always the basis for effective mosquito control.”
The “sterile male technique” can be effective. A decades-long campaign of insect releases has driven back a cattle pest, the screwworm, all the way from Texas to the isthmus of Panama. The U.S. Department of Agriculture also still spreads sterile fruit flies in California. Those bugs are sterilized with radiation.
Mosquito control is generally handled by public health authorities, so how Verily could make money at it is not clear. Upson says Google often launches products, like the free Chrome browser, even if there's no money in it right away. “We don't need all the answers to get started,” Upson says. “We can see where it lands.”
Verily does think it can make mosquitoes fast and cheaply. Its engineers are developing automated ways to rear them and to separate the males from females, a task currently handled manually by shaking pupae through a filter. “It's labor-intensive, and we want to bring some engineering to it,” says Upson. “We can make it cheaper to do at scale.”
Kelly Brook has been labelled 'disgusting' and 'despicable' by viewers on Twitter after 'laughing' during an interview about 'punching' two of her former boyfriends.
The former glamour model was appearing on This Morning on Monday to discuss her new autobiography Close Up, when she reportedly made light of hitting out at exes Jason Statham and Danny Cipriani.
People took to the social networking site to voice their anger at the 34-year-old's attitude, with one writing: 'Disappointed with @itvthismorning for laughing along with Kelly Brook RE her hitting boyfriends in the face! Domestic violence isn't funny!'.
Scroll down for video
Backlash: Kelly Brook has been labelled 'despicable' by viewers on Twitter after 'laughing' during an interview about 'punching' two of her former boyfriends
'Not funny': The former glamour model was appearing on This Morning to discuss her new autobiography, when she reportedly made light of hitting out at exes including Jason Statham (pictured)
The backlash towards the brunette beauty, who was dressed in a plunging turquoise dress, continued with one Twitter user writing: 'So Kelly Brook laughs & admits to punching ex bf's in the face. If a guy had admitted doing that to a woman they'd be uproar! #ThisMorning.
And: 'Kelly Brook and the hosts giggling about her punching her boyfriends in the face for talking to other women. Despicable. #thismorning'.
Another viewer mentioned the programme's hosts, commenting: 'If a man laughed off hitting a woman would u be smiling Phil and Holly? #disgusting'.
Close Up: People took to the social networking site to voice their anger at the 34-year-old's attitude, with one writing: 'Disappointed with @itvthismorning for laughing along with Kelly Brook'
Upbeat: The star waved at photographers as she arrived at the ITV studios, after opting for a plunging turquoise dress
Happier times: Kelly reportedly hit out at Danny Cipriani after she discovered he had given his number to a stripper
Two more Tweets read: 'Glad she finds domestic abuse so funny! A punch is abuse no matter what gender's doing it', and: 'Would you all be laughing your heads off if it was man giggling about how he punches his partners? Disgrace.'
The former Celebrity Juice star first admitted to hitting her ex partners in her book last month, when a number of extracts were serialised in The Sun.
One passage read: 'Jason started to swing his hips from side to side and do a little jive with his arms, saying: 'Gywnnie, Gwynnie, Gwynnie. Sexy, sexy, sexy!' He turned round, only to be met with my fist in his face.'
'Disgusting': Another viewer mentioned the programme's hosts, commenting: 'If a man laughed off hitting a woman would u be smiling Phil and Holly?'
Breezy: Kelly clutched a copy of her upcoming book as she left her London hotel earlier in the day
Turning the other cheek: Kelly remained quiet on her Twitter page about the reaction on Monday, simply retweeting a photo of herself, Holly Willoughby andPhillip Schofield
And Danny also faced Kelly's wrath after they headed to the Spearmint Rhino strip club together in Las Vegas and she discovered her man had given his number to a stripper.
She wrote: 'As I headed back to the table, I saw Danny walking towards me. 'Babe', he said, 'I've been looking for you!' I punched him straight in the face.'
Kelly revealed that four bouncers leaped on her, before she tried to have another 'pop' at him.
A spokesman for the star refused to comment to the MailOnline following the interview.
Vibrant: Kelly later stepped out in an orange outfit in an almost identical style to her earlier look as she made her way to BBC Radio 5 Live
Strut: The second look of the day again featured a low-cut v-neck and floaty skirt
Glam: Kelly accessorised with dark nail varnish, a number of bracelets and a chunky ring
Busy bee: Kelly celebrated the launch of her new plus-size range called Kelly Brook for Simply Be in London last week
As part of my efforts to be cloud non-dependent, I have a NAS full of several terabytes of music, movies, and TV shows. Plex is of course everyone's favorite software for solving this problem, as it essentially turns your hard drive full of files into a private Netflix capable of streaming and syncing to any device.
The problem is that streaming and syncing is a very CPU intensive task and requires a server of substantial processing power. Is the cheap Odroid XU4 single board computer up to it?
The Odroid XU4 has a number of things that make it an ideal candidate for a small, low-power Plex server or a very nice and compact client.
8-core ARM processor, half at 2ghz
2GB RAM
USB3.0
Gigabit Ethernet
Sound greats, but I could find no documentation on whether this thing could actually meet the requirements needed for Plex transcoding, and what the state of the Plex software transcoding is on ARM processors. My needs are pretty minimal: I need to be able to transcode up to 1080p files to at least one client (my projector) and sync files to my various devices (phone, tablets).
Being performance sensitive, I went with Diet Pi as the operating system. It's a barebone minimal installation of Debian Linux, but what it really shines at is being optimized for these single board computers. It also contains quite an impressive set of programs that make getting up and running dead simple, and there are scripts for installing pre-tuned software. You really don't have to touch the command line at all.
RELEVANT CONFIGURATION DETAILS
CPU: As above, ondemand governor with the Max Frequency Limit set to 1800mhz. This essentially underclocks the faster cores slightly, which I found led it to run stable and at a reasonable temperature.
As above, ondemand governor with the Max Frequency Limit set to 1800mhz. This essentially underclocks the faster cores slightly, which I found led it to run stable and at a reasonable temperature. Network: The files are accessed over Gigabit ethernet through NFS on my file server. I originally set this up to get the files over Samba – but realized that Samba has a ridiculous 20% CPU overhead for moving files around, and is also unusably slow. Definitely use NFS if your storage is not local.
The files are accessed over Gigabit ethernet through NFS on my file server. I originally set this up to get the files over Samba – but realized that Samba has a ridiculous 20% CPU overhead for moving files around, and is also unusably slow. Definitely use NFS if your storage is not local. Heat: The Odroid XU4 is not very heat efficient and notoriously runs hot. I would recommend installing a larger heatsink than the manufacturer provides, and then using an active cooling fan on top of that. With a small heatsink and a fan, I'm getting 45 – 55C at idle, 60-70C while transcoding. This jumps up to around 75-80C on high res (55mbps, Blu-Ray equivalent) files and at the initial loading of files for a few seconds. This is borderline acceptable for my use but would require more active cooling for serving high-res files.
The Odroid XU4 is not very heat efficient and notoriously runs hot. I would recommend installing a larger heatsink than the manufacturer provides, and then using an active cooling fan on top of that. With a small heatsink and a fan, I'm getting 45 – 55C at idle, 60-70C while transcoding. This jumps up to around 75-80C on high res (55mbps, Blu-Ray equivalent) files and at the initial loading of files for a few seconds. This is borderline acceptable for my use but would require more active cooling for serving high-res files. Plex: Installed the pre-tuned version from Diet Pi's software installer. All default settings, except I have moved the temporary transcoding folder to a USB3 drive instead of using the SD card.
RESULTS
For my use – the transcoding of 1080p files for a single user – it works perfectly. Files load fast, the XU4 stays at a reasonable ~70C temperature under heavy load, and everything works as it should.
Testing with the files from http://jell.yfish.us/ I am able to load and play 55mbps (Blu-Ray equivalent) h264 and h265 files just fine. The loading does take significantly longer than my usual files, but it plays smoothly. As noted above, the temperatures do spike to unacceptable levels on these high-res files, so a more serious cooling solution would be needed.
I will do further test on it's performance but my initial results here are exactly as I'd hoped. For a cheap, low-power Plex server the XU4 works great.
Buy Photo President Santa Ono has led the University of Cincinnati's efforts to get into the Big 12 Conference. (Photo: The Enquirer/ Liz Dufour)Buy Photo
This story was originally posted February 14, 2016.
President Santa Ono has led a quiet and diligent effort to position the University of Cincinnati to join the Big 12 Conference, one that's won high praise from a powerful official who is key to deciding whether the league will expand.
The university released emails, travel records and other documents to The Enquirer last week that give insight into UC's attempt to join a Power 5 conference – a move that would position the Bearcats among the haves in a growing schism in college athletics rooted in television money and influence.
Big 12 expansion is not imminent, but UC is believed to be on a short list of schools to join a 10-member conference that includes traditional football heavyweights Oklahoma and Texas. Big 12 presidents and chancellors met earlier this month and reportedly discussed expansion, but no decisions were made. They are scheduled to meet again in May, when a decision on adding universities could be made.
“I am indeed optimistic that through these efforts the University of Cincinnati is positioned exceptionally well to continue to compete at the highest level,” Ono told The Enquirer in his first public comments about the efforts to move to the Big 12.
Here is a look at the findings in the documents, which The Enquirer obtained through a public records request:
1.) University of Oklahoma President David Boren appears to really like Ono and UC.
That's a big deal. Oklahoma and the University of Texas are the Big 12's power brokers, and major decisions flow through their presidents. Boren and Ono talked in Washington, D.C., while they were in town for a social function early last year, according to emails. Boren followed up with a brief email to Ono on Feb. 13, 2015, saying it was a “real pleasure” to see him.
“You are truly an outstanding leader and knowing that you are at the helm in Cincinnati makes me even more inclined to support your cause,” said Boren, a former Oklahoma governor and U.S. senator.
Boren also told Ono that he, West Virginia President Gordon Gee and Baylor President Ken Starr had been appointed to a Big 12 subcommittee to look at expansion. “We still face an uphill battle with several of our other colleagues,” Boren wrote.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“I appreciate the leadership of yourself, Gordon and Ken and stand ready to provide you with any information you might need about the University of Cincinnati,” Ono wrote to Boren the following day. In the email, Ono also said he was willing to visit Boren in Oklahoma.
2.) Fortune 500 executives have helped promote UC to top Big 12 leaders.
Kroger and Macy's executives have promoted the university, apparently at Ono's request, according to emails.
In a brief email on Oct. 7, 2014, then-Kroger CEO David Dillon told Ono that he had separate discussions with Kansas State University President Kirk Schulz, the University of Kansas chancellor ( Bernadette Gray-Little) and a member of the Kansas Board of Regents, which oversees the state's two Big 12 schools. Schulz “was complimentary of the upward trajectory of UC,” Dillon, a Kansas native and University of Kansas graduate, told Ono.
Macy's Senior Vice President Carl Goertemoeller told Ono in a Nov. 12, 2014, email that he had met with a business acquaintance who was a cousin of the president at Texas Christian University, a Big 12 member. “I asked him to do me a favor and tell his cousin to get behind the idea of bringing UC into the Big 12,” Goertemoeller wrote. “He said he would definitely carry the message.”
The Macy's executive also said in the email he had used the “elevator talking points” that Ono had provided him.
3.) Former Kansas State president Jon Wefald has advised Ono, but says UC may have to take a financial “haircut.”
Wefald, who retired in 2009, was K-State's president when the Big 12 formed in 1996. He sent several emails to Ono and his staff in December 2014 and January 2015, some of which give insight to the enormous amount of television money involved in major-college sports and the possibility UC might have to settle for a smaller share initially if it were to change conferences.
In a Dec. 18, 2014, email to Ono's executive assistant Larry Lampe, Wefald said the “timing is right now with no time to waste.” Other messages indicated that Wefald emphasized the sense of urgency because the Big 12 had recently been shut out of the newly formed and lucrative four-team College Football Playoff.
Many believed conference titans Baylor and TCU were left out at the end of the 2014 season because the Big 12 lacked enough teams to hold a conference championship game to determine a true champion. (Last month, the NCAA gave the Big 12 permission to hold a title game with 10 teams.)
In a Jan. 26, 2015, message to Ono, Wefald said he had talked to several key Big 12 leaders, mentioning Boren and then-Texas President Bill Powers.
“David is impressed with Cincinnati,” Wefald told Ono. “He knows that UC is a big-time school. ... Now, I did not talk to him about the revenues that each school gets. I doubt that he would be enthused about any kind of ‘major haircut.'”
Later in the email, Wefald said: “The only way I see to get Cincinnati into the Big 12 is this: that UC and the 2nd school would have to volunteer to take the financial haircut yourselves. Why? Because the three major networks will never add enough monies to allow the next two schools to have the same revenues as the 10 to (sic) now.”
Wefald continued: “The emphasis of UC right now should be this: Get into the Big 12 and worry about equal revenues later. So get in now and tell the other 10 universities that you and the second school will take the haircut.”
Television revenue can amount to more than $20 million per school in conferences such as the SEC, where Missouri and Texas A&M moved from the Big 12 four years ago.
Texas' Powers “likes the idea of 10 schools,” Wefald told Ono. Powers resigned from Texas in June.
4.) Ono has traveled to meet with Big 12 leaders.
In January 2015, Ono took two separate trips to Texas. He traveled to Dallas early that month for the National Panhellenic Conference Sorority Symposium. Records provided by UC make no specific mention of meetings with Big 12 officials, but the conference's offices are based in suburban Dallas. Later that month, Ono traveled to Austin and had lunch with Powers “to discuss future collaborations with the University of Texas,” according to records.
Ono traveled to Manhattan, Kansas, Nov. 28-30, 2014, according to records. He met with K-State President Schulz and Assistant Vice President Emeritus Bill Muir “to discuss collaborations with Kansas State.” UC paid for a $326.38 dinner for the three of them at the Manhattan Country Club on Nov. 28.
In an interview with The Enquirer last week, Wefald said he met Ono in a stadium suite at K-State's home football that weekend. Wefald is not officially working on behalf of K-State and the Big 12 regarding expansion, he said.
No other travel records were provided in the public records request. But according to the UC Foundation board meeting minutes from April, Ono “personally visited every Big 12 president regarding the merits of the University of Cincinnati and its academic and athletic programs.” It is possible private donors paid for Ono's additional travel, as it's common for athletic boosters to provide such support.
5.) UC has produced data comparing it to Big 12 schools.
Boulder, Colorado-based Pacey Economics and UC officials analyzed athletic budget, fundraising, academic research, enrollment and TV market data to see how the university stacked up against current Big 12 members.
In a splashy brochure dated November 2014, UC shows how it compares to the Big 12 schools in 10 categories – including annual giving, National Merit Scholars, total research expenditures, enrollment and endowment assets. Cincinnati would rank in the conference's top 5 in each category listed, except the U.S. News & World Report rankings, which would put UC seventh.
Pacey's research, completed in late 2014, looked at athletic budgets, football and basketball success, academics and TV market size. UC's annual athletics budget ($27.7 million in 2015) would be the lowest in the Big 12, but Pacey pointed out that would be expected to increase in a conference where the athletic department could make more money.
If UC joined the Big 12, it would put the conference in Ohio, a state with 4.5 million TV households, according to Pacey research. Only Texas – where four Big 12 schools are based – has more TV households among states where the conference has members.
“In terms of statistics that matter, Cincinnati stacked up favorably,” firm owner Patricia Pacey told The Enquirer. Her firm performed the work for no cost at the request of UC Athletic Director Mike Bohn, who had developed a relationship with Pacey Economics when he was the AD at the University of Colorado.
Move could generate extra $20 million per year
On Nov. 17, The Enquirer asked UC for Big 12-related records dating to Oct. 1, 2014.
The university released them on Wednesday, a day after The Enquirer requested to talk to the board's legal counsel.
Most of the records provided were dated late 2014 and early 2015. Very few records were provided from the second half of 2015. Nonetheless, Ono's statement to The Enquirer indicates the university's efforts are ongoing.
Ono remains committed to doing his part to get UC into a conference that could generate in excess of $20 million a year more than what the university brings in as a member of the American Athletic Conference.
“It is true that one of my biggest responsibilities as president of the University of Cincinnati is to represent the institution's record, accomplishments and dynamism,” Ono said. “It is an honor and privilege to tell that story. I do so with tremendous pride."
Ono continued: "I think there is widespread and ever-increasing recognition of the outstanding strengths of the University of Cincinnati as an academic institution and as a destination for Division I athletics. Our brand has never been stronger.”
Expansion dependent on TV money
The Big 12 has reached a critical point in its 20-year history, according to media reports, and the league might make some big decisions by this spring that could determine whether it has a long-term future. It is the only Power 5 conference that doesn't have a football championship game and one of only two of those leagues that does not have its own TV network.
Oklahoma's Boren and West Virginia's Gee reportedly favor expansion, but they apparently still have been unable to convince a majority of the Big 12's presidents and chancellors to get on board. Boren had publicly talked about his desire to expand until the leaders agreed during this month's meeting to keep talks private, according to the Dallas Morning News.
“I have a policy of not commenting on Big 12 possibilities for any specific college,” Boren told The Enquirer.
The Enquirer also reached out to West Virginia's Gee, Baylor's Starr and Kansas State's Schulz, who chairs the Big 12 board. None of them were available for comment.
If the Big 12 expands, it most likely will add two schools to get back to 12 members. UC is believed to be competing with about a half-dozen schools, including BYU and current American Athletic Conference rivals Connecticut and Central Florida. UC and BYU appear to be the front-runners, according to Sports Illustrated.
In the end, though, it may not be about which school puts forth the best effort to impress the Big 12's decision makers.
“It's all about TV,” said Lee Igel, a sports business expert and co-director of New York University's Sports & Society program.
And TV money seems to be a major reason the Big 12 has not been in a hurry to expand since losing Nebraska, Missouri, Texas A&M and Colorado, starting in 2011. (The conference added West Virginia and TCU in 2012 to get to 10 members.)
"The problem with the glut of unattractive candidates is there's a concern the league won't be able to keep the same share of television money if it expands," Sport Illustrated's Pete Thamel recently wrote. "The general thought in the conference is that adding two teams would get the Big 12 close to where it is now revenue wise."
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1TiK5dc
During Thursday's episode of CNN's “At This Hour,” political commentator Angela Rye suggested that all statues of slave owners, including those of the first and third presidents, need to “come down.”
“American history is not all glorious,” Rye said, before saying George Washington needed to be “called out” for owning slaves. Rye seemed to refute the idea that Washington fought for American freedoms when she said the first president didn't fight for her ancestors' freedoms.
“He wasn't protecting my freedom. I wasn't someone who — my ancestors weren't deemed human beings to him,” Rye said before calling for statues of slave owners to come down.
“I don't care if it's a George Washington statue, or a Thomas Jefferson statue, or a Robert E. Lee statue. They all need to come down,” Rye declared.
On Tuesday, President Donald Trump made a similar point, suggesting that the push to remove statues of racially charged historical figures might lead to the removal of statues of Jefferson and Washington.
Furthermore, Trump said Thursday that the United States was being “ripped apart” by the removal of “beautiful statues and monuments.”
Saturday's events in Charlottesville, Virginia, apparently provoked reconsideration of whether certain statues should be removed. On Wednesday, for example, Democratic Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe called on localities to take down Confederate monuments.
EXCLUSIVE: Talk about art imitating life. A writer/director who was pronounced clinically dead twice in his life and experienced an unusual phenomenon when he was “dead,” has written a semi-autobiographical film about his experience with Brendan Fraser playing a key role and Marcia Cross playing a character called ‘The Boss' which is really God. Behind the Curtain of the Night, written/directed by Dalibor Stach, follows a boy who drowns when he is six years-old and has a near-death experience and then it happens again when he is 18 years old. In the five minutes that he is declared dead the second time, he sees his past lives from before he was born, and his future lives up until the year 3,012. When he comes out of it, he decides to write a book which becomes a best-seller in the Czech Republic … all of which actually happened to Stach.
The story is about reincarnation and also what happens after you die. Because of the reincarnation theme, Fraser plays multiple characters in the past as he finds himself in World War II through the present and future. The project is being produced by Milan Friedrich via Crypto One Bill and Phillip Goldfine via Hollywood Media Bridge (Oscar winner The Lady in Number 6: How Music Saved My Life).
As aforementioned Stach (you guessed it — the Czech writer/director) was twice declared clinically dead; during one of those experiences, he was told he had to live to make a film about this. “I was told by someone who also died twice that I was supposed to share the story, and if I didn't tell the story, it was going to kill me,” said the director through a translator. “The very next day, I had a near miss with a tragic auto accident as two cars crashed together and barely missed me. After that, I started to prepare everything, but then had doubts again because I was afraid to tell people what happened to me. And then, after that, I got into a car accident but survived, and that's when I knew I had told the story.”
The story reminds me very much of Only Love Is Real, written by American psychiatrist Brian Weiss, which I read just a few years ago and follows a patient under hypnosis who recounts her many former lives.
But here's the thing, (and having had a near-death experience myself it doesn't surprise me), 40% of the cast and crew consist of people who have had near-death experiences (and some of them it has happened twice to). “That just happened. It wasn't planned, it just all started happening,” said producer Friedrich. “My belief is the same's as Dalibor's, and I met him at a cafe and we began talking and I knew it had to be started quickly, and I basically just started putting the money together. It all came together very quickly.”
How did Goldfine come into it? “A mutual friend of mine's and Milan's said that Milan was looking for someone to help him with the movie and he flew into Los Angeles, and I said, ‘I'm in.” Within a month, the the project started shooting in the Czech Republic while American casting was underway in the states.
The rest of the cast of the film is pretty much international. It also stars Dawn Oliveri (House of Lies), Massimo Dobrovic (stars in the Italian version of CSI: Rome), Czech actor Bolek Polivka (portrays the male side of ‘The Boss'), and finally Czech actress Petra Buckova (mysteriously appears throughout the main character's life and offers guidance).
The stellar version of vampires—stars that drain life away from other stars—have been discovered for the first time in the heart of our Milky Way galaxy.
(See Milky Way pictures in National Geographic magazine.)
Called blue stragglers, these cannibal stars have been spotted in other parts of the Milky Way. They seem to lag in age next to the other stars with which they formed—appearing hotter, and thus younger and bluer.
Astronomers suspect blue stragglers look so youthful because they've stolen hydrogen fuel from other stars, perhaps after colliding into their victims.
These cannibal stars are routinely found in dense star clusters, where stars have many chances to feed off each other. Now, however, scientists have found blue stragglers in the Milky Way's galactic bulge, a dense region of stars and gas surrounding the galaxy's center.
"For a long time, it was suspected there were blue stragglers in the bulge, but no one knew how many there might be," said Will Clarkson, an astronomer at Indiana University Bloomington and the University of California, Los Angeles.
"At long last, we've shown they're there."
Milky Way Vampires Formed Differently?
Using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope, astronomers looked at 180,000 stars in and near the bulge. The team discovered 42 unusually blue stars that appeared much younger than the other stars.
From these 42 stars, researchers estimate that 18 to 37 of them are likely real blue stragglers that are about 10 billion to 11 billion years old. The remainder may be genuinely young stars in the bulge, or stars not actually in the bulge.
It's also possible the blue stragglers did not form by slamming into other stars and absorbing extra hydrogen fuel, as occurs in other parts of the universe.
Instead, the blue stragglers in the galactic bulge may have formed by ripping hydrogen off their companion stars. This possibly occurred either when one-star fed off its partner in a two-star system, or perhaps after gravitational interactions in a triple-star system had caused two of its members to merge into one.
"There's still a lot we don't know about the details of how blue stragglers form," Clarkson said.
"Finding them in the bulge provides another set of constraints that can help refine models of their formation."
Thanks to RyobiEU for providing me with some of the power tools for this repurposed crib project. All opinions expressed are my own.
OK, so I don't have to be a mind reader to know what's going through your head right now. You're thinking… ‘oh no, not another upcycled crib idea?!' Am I right? Hey I'm sorry to be the cause of Pinterest induced deja-vu in this instance but believe you me, its for very good reason. Stay with me now…
You see, this crib (we actually call a crib a cot in the UK, but I feel using the term crib might be more relatable to most of you) has sentimental value to me.
I know that's something most mothers would say, but its the truth! This crib had been in our family for years and was passed on to my son who slept in it until he was about four months (he's four years old now). I've had no else to pass it on to, so it's just been sitting in our attic all this time.
It wasn't until we started packing up our things to move homes, and it was thrust into my face by the husband asking wether I wanted to throw or keep, that I thought …. no I felt that rush of ‘awwww I remember you!'
‘Keep of course!' I almost screamed. Insert horrified emoji.
Long story short, sentimentality mixed with the fact that I can't throw stuff away is the reason why this crib is now a bench.
Usually these type of projects take us such a long time to complete because of a lack of equipment and tools, but thanks to RyobiEU this was not the case this time! We knocked this project out in an afternoon..high five moment for sure!
Materials Used:
This post may contain affiliate links for your convenience – please see full disclosure here
Repurposed Crib Turned Bench Tutorial:
We planned to turn this crib into a kid bench by reusing and modifying all of its original frame. However, the height of the crib was quite high, so first we had to saw about 10 inches off each leg to make it more kid friendly.
We also decided to reduce the overall width of the cot. To do this we cut through 3/4 of the cot panel side and removed the last spindle with this nifty Ryobi multi-tool.
To ensure we kept the overall symmetric look of the panel, we then removed the end piece from the other side of the panel and screwed it back into the panel we wanted to use.
Sounds confusing huh? I'm hoping this picture will make a little more sense!
NOTE: We pre drilled holes using the Ryobi drill before screwing the end spindle into place to avoid the wood cracking
It's always a good idea to sand the wood between sawing as it makes the surface smoother and removes any unwanted sharp bits. Thankfully we were able to switch between the different Ryobi tools very easily because they were all battery operated – and that one battery fits all!
We also removed 2 of the bottom ledges previously used to support the crib mattress – we planned to replace them with another longer piece of wood for a more evenly distributed support.
Next, we assembled the shortened side panel to the head and the footer of the cot. We found using a clamp at this point very useful in keeping the right angle whilst screwing. Are you thinking this clamp looks familiar? Haha too right – I also use it as a book holder on my sons bookshelf. It can be bought from here
We decided on re-using old bed slats for the base of this bench, but we needed support in place for that. We used the 2 X 4 wood, cut into 2 pieces for the back and 2 pieces at the front.
They were attached to form an L shape bracket that the bed slats could rest on. See below picture for a close up of this.
Modifications now compete – it was time for the cosmetics! Wood filler was used to hide some of the holes from the cot as well as holes from the new screws we made putting the bench frame together.
The bench was then left to dry for one hour and then sprayed with white primer spray paint (just so you know this primer is pretty amazing stuff you can buy it here). Some parts of the frame was painted over with white latex (emulsion) paint and finally everything was sealed with a clear poly spray
To make the seating we used old bed slats from a broken bed cut to size.
Each plank was stained with the dark oak varnish. I like to use this brand because it seals and stains at the same time
DONE!
I bought some industrial tubs quite a while back now and used them under the bench as storage. With added castor wheels, how cute do they look?
THINKING OF TRYING THIS LATER? DON'T FORGET TO SAVE IT TO PINTEREST!
I would also love to hear about your own crib (baby cot) upcycles in the comment below!
WE ARE ALL ABOUT UPCYLCING AND REPURPOSING ON HERE SO WE HAVE LOADS MORE SIMILAR IDEAS YOU MIGHT LIKE! CLICK ON THE IMAGES BELOW TO FIND OUT MORE!
FOXBORO — The Patriots might have just unveiled a defensive personnel package that could breed more success in their playoff march.
Safety Devin McCourty went back to his roots to take on a pseudo-cornerback role for 15 of 57 snaps during the 23-14 victory against the Chargers. Based on the way the Patriots struggled to cover the Packers' third and fourth receiving options one week earlier, McCourty can now be added to the solution against teams with high-flying offenses, whether it's in a rematch with the Broncos, Colts or Chargers or even a Super Bowl showdown against Aaron Rodgers' gang.
“For me, it's whatever the team asks me to do,” McCourty said. “Sometimes, people just say I'm a deep safety, but if I have to cover, I'll cover. To me, it's not a big deal, but it is fun being close to the line of scrimmage. Being able to try to make some more plays is always good. Each week, it's something different that we probably haven't done (as a defensive wrinkle) in weeks past, so it's just being ready to go and being versatile enough to be able to do it.”
The Patriots have used safety Patrick Chung close to the line throughout the season, and McCourty got some similar action in Week 2 against the Vikings. But his opportunities against potential Hall of Fame tight end Antonio Gates on third downs offered a much more high-profile stage on “Sunday Night Football.”
And McCourty more than held his own on those 15 snaps. He blitzed once while lining up over Gates in the left slot in the third quarter and hit Philip Rivers as he released the ball on a 22-yard completion to Eddie Royal, but the rest of the reps required coverage assignments.
McCourty's first 12 snaps in the role happened on third down before squaring up on Gates for the final three plays of the game, so the Patriots went that route on key downs, which was no coincidence a week after the Packers converted 10 of their first 16 third downs. Though McCourty's new task was hardly the sole reason for the third-down improvements (the Chargers were 4-of-13), it was a piece of the puzzle.
Rivers was 1-of-2 for 4 yards when targeting McCourty in those 14 coverage plays, and the 4-yarder to Gates occurred on the Chargers' failed fourth-and-5 to essentially end the game. McCourty, who had a pass breakup to close out a third-quarter drive when the Pats trailed 14-13, covered Gates 12 times and wide receiver Malcom Floyd twice.
McCourty's coverage was solid, too, including notable plays when he stayed under Gates' out route in the first quarter and remained stride for stride with Floyd on a second-quarter go-route up the right sideline. As a Pro Bowl corner and All-Pro safety, McCourty has the talent and athleticism to excel in various capacities, and his teammates count on it.
“I'm very impressed by Dev in his career and what he's done, but also we expect Dev to do that because he is so versatile,” cornerback Darrelle Revis said. “We can put him in certain situations to where he can get back into his corner mode maybe and get down there and scrap with those big tight ends or those athletic tight ends like Antonio Gates, and be able to cover them like a corner.”
These were some folds in the matchups, too. Defensive end Rob Ninkovich checked Gates at the line a couple times before feeding him to McCourty. And the safeties changed throughout the game, with Duron Harmon taking over McCourty's deep role when he was on the line. Tavon Wilson also got a handful of reps in the third-down packages and handled Gates during McCourty's third-quarter coverage.
“I think it's great. I think it's a credit to everybody in our unit,” McCourty said. “Tavon stepped up and played huge in the game. Duron came in and played big. We've had numerous corners out there playing a lot of minutes, and I think it gives the coaches a lot of options each week when we go into a game where they don't have to feel handcuffed to a certain game plan. They know we have a bunch of guys in here that not only can play but are itching to get out on the field and play more. I think it gives them a lot of options.”
By and large, the Patriots have gotten solid complementary coverage this season from Chung and cornerback Kyle Arrington, but there were issues against Colts tight end Coby Fleener and just about any Packer not covered by Revis and Brandon Browner.
The Pats aren't likely to use McCourty in a fulltime role on the line, but they certainly like the option they unveiled against the Chargers. McCourty could tag Fleener if necessary in a potential rematch with the Colts or maybe mix it up with Davante Adams if they see the Packers again.
Or if not, the Patriots continue to give their future opponents something else to think about.
“It's awesome that we've got guys that can play slot, outside, when our safety comes down and covers versatile receivers like that,” Browner said. “That's part of our game plan. Keep them off guard, so they don't know what's coming at them. They could be looking at film the previous week and think they've got a beat on us, and then coming into the game, it's totally different.”
(Newser) – A 15-year-old girl in Nepal who had been banished to a tiny, outdoor hut because she was having her period was found dead in the morning, and now police are investigating, reports the BBC. It was cold, and she'd lit a small fire, but "there wasn't any space for air to come in or smoke to escape, so she died of suffocation," a government employee tells NPR in regard to the death of 9th-grader Roshani Tiruwa. Her father found her body. What's worse, another teen died under similar circumstances last month after she, too, had been sent to spend the night in a so-called "menstrual hut." The Achham district superintendent of police calls the tragedies a "big eye-opener" and says he expects the traditional practice to diminish.
In Nepal, girls and women who are menstruating are considered unclean and prevented from doing a wide range of ordinary activities, such as seeing and touching certain people, entering kitchens, and sleeping in their homes. Many must instead sleep in cattle sheds, as the Guardian explained in a feature earlier this year. The Hindu ritual is called "chaupadi," and even though the practice was banned in Nepal several years ago, it is still ingrained in local culture, with many fearing the wrath of the gods should the rules be broken. (Remember the Olympic swimmer who mentioned her period?)
BUENOS AIRES — It's vacation time in the Northern Hemisphere as families pile into cars for a day at the beach. But in South America, it's winter, and this year that means swine flu.
Argentina's health minister claims his country is currently the most affected on earth. Visiting infectious disease specialist Alejandro Macias, who helped coordinate the response to the H1N1 epidemic in Mexico, calls it “the epicenter of the world.”
This is where most of the swine flu deaths are now happening, according to World Health Organization numbers. With 137 official H1N1 deaths, the outbreak in Argentina has been the second deadliest of the pandemic, second only to the United States.
All of those deaths were registered in the past month, almost a third of them just this past weekend. With the flu up north slowed by the summer but just moving into full swing down here, Argentina may very soon have lost more people to the disease than any country on earth.
"The countries of the Northern Hemisphere are looking at Argentina as a mirror," Macias said in an interview with the second largest Argentine newspaper last week. "The same scenario will be reflected next winter in the north, and we've come here to learn."
Canada, Australia and neighbor Chile have all reported several times as many cases of the infection. But the death toll and the mortality rate have been drastically worse in Argentina than in any almost any other country, raising questions about this government's handling of the outbreak.
About half of Argentina's H1N1 deaths have been in and around the capital, Buenos Aires.
“Paranoia” is the word resident Natalia Mueller used to describe the atmosphere in the epicenter of the epicenter, as she accompanied a feeble, mask-wearing friend to a clinic. Mueller was herself sick for a week, and she says that most of her co-workers at a popular Buenos Aires shopping mall fell ill too. A few of them died.
Although life has largely gone on as normal, the fear has been palpable at certain times and places. The financial district was eerily empty when the government declared a bank holiday last week, lengthening the Independence Day weekend. It has also shut down all schools nationwide, doubling the the usual two-week winter vacation. The mayor of Buenos Aires asked children to stay home, but didn't pass any prohibitions on large gatherings.
Many of the usual gathering places have closed by their own choice. In the face of an 80 percent drop in ticket sales, the Argentine Association of Theatrical Businesses closed all the theaters in the country for 10 days. A range of other social events have been individually cancelled, from tango balls to professional conferences to religious pilgrimages.
Economists warn of significant contraction this year due to the drop in business activity — except, of course, in the pharmaceutical sector, which has been selling out supplies of face masks and antiseptic hand gel.
But for the most part Argentine life has continued undaunted. Buenos Aires is not the white-faced ghost town that some would imagine.
With the new holidays, many vacationing employees and schoolchildren took the opportunity to go shopping. Some of the most popular retail districts of the city bustled as busily as ever, with nary a medical mask in sight. The subway and the streets at rush hour are as packed as ever; and the cafes are still busy with denizens tarrying over a coffee and the newspaper, which blares headlines of the mounting death toll.
And hospital visits don't give a picture of pestilence either, although there have been scattered reports of overcrowding. That seems only to be a problem at public hospitals, many of which have postponed non-urgent procedures to prioritize flu victims. To bolster the availability of medical care, the government has installed mobile medical booths, at least 30 in the capital area.
Still, many accuse the government of President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner of failing to adequately confront the epidemic. Critics say that the government has obfuscated statistics and downplayed the gravity of the situation in order to save face — a common complaint against this administration, and an especially pointed one during the recent election.
Many voters lined up for the polls on June 28 wearing face masks and standing the suggested meter apart; some even defied the obligatory vote, preferring to stay home and healthy. Graciela Ocana, who has now been replaced as health minister, quickly revealed that the president had ignored her advice to postpone the elections due to contagion concerns. Criminal cases have now been brought into federal courts accusing the ruling party of “propagating the illness and causing us to infect each other.”
This is an ironic turn for a government that, when the pandemic first surfaced, had taken action that was too strong even for the WHO: cancelling all flights from Mexico. Now it's getting a taste of its own medicine, with Brazilian airlines cancelling flights and Brazil's government issuing travel warnings, and neighbor Bolivia threatening to close the border.
Closed borders would pose a problem for Argentines crossing over into Chile and Uruguay to buy Tamiflu. Distribution has been tightly controlled in Argentina, with the drug available only by prescription through the government. Last week the government said it would start administering the drug to anyone showing H1N1 symptoms. That should be made more feasible by large shipments imported this past weekend. Argentina will also get a quarter of the nearly half a million doses donated worldwide by the United States.
Officials hope that those stocks will be enough to curb the mortality rate, provided the epidemic stays controlled. Signs suggest it may have peaked with national health minister Juan Manzur claiming that doctor visits and hospitalizations are down in recent days. But his provincial counterpart Claudio Zin warns that there could be a resurgence in Buenos Aires in the coming weeks without vigilance.
And even if the situation in Buenos Aires doesn't get worse, it remains to be seen what will happen in other provinces, which often catch the second wave of outbreaks that start in the capital.
Read more on Argentina:
The fall of the Kirchnerist empire?
Where are Argentina's coins?
At the top of Argentines' concerns: crime
In the midst of a terrible national illness, we organize and march for the known and solid cures.
For democracy and our natural planet.
We have clear direction on both issues.
This weekend's massive, powerful women's and other marches rocking the nation have dwarfed the turnout for Friday's illegitimate inauguration.
With them we must demand—-and WIN—-a voting system that actually reflects the will of the people, and an energy supply that comes in harmony with our Mother Earth.
For democracy: we must have universal automatic voter registration, transparent voter registration rolls, a four-day national holiday for voting, elimination of all electronic voting machines, universal hand-counted paper ballots, automatic recounts at no charge to the candidates, an end to the Electoral College, a halt to gerrymandering and a ban on corporate money in our political campaigns.
"We need to remind Trump that he's just a blip, a tiny toxic bend in the arc of history that bends toward justice—if we make it so."
It's a towering agenda. But without it, we have no structural power. It's the essential key to the one thing that can ultimately reverse a disease like this Trump presidency—-real electoral democracy.
For our Earth: Energy is the key. Our survival on this planet demands a ban on all fossil and nuclear fuels, and an organic economy based on 100% renewables. The Solartopian transition is well underway in Germany, Denmark, Norway, Switzerland, Costa Rica, Iceland, at least parts of China and elsewhere. Far more Americans now work in green energy production and efficiency than for King CONG—-coal, oil, nukes and gas (www.nukefree.org).
The economic and technological momentum is with us. Despite Koch-funded attempts to stop it, the transition to a green-powered Earth is well under way. Number one is stopping corrupt subsidies to decrepit, carbon/heat-spewing nukes before the next one explodes, and shutting the fossil fuel industry before it burns the planet to a crisp.
There are many many more things we can and must win. But through the tears of Friday's tragedy and the power of this weekend's marches, we need to cope with the source of this devastating disease.
Trump is payback for our imperial sins. He's the vulture come home to roost for so many dictatorial kleptocrats the US has imposed on smaller nations over the years: Pinochet, Mobutu, Suharto, Somoza, Marcos, Duvalier, Diem, Ky, Saddam, the Shah…the list goes on.
These corrupt, repressive servants of the American corporate empire have inflicted untold suffering on millions of innocent people for far too long. These dictatorships have formed the unjust source of much of this nation's material riches.
Trump has brought home the infection: imperial, greedy, misogynist, incompetent, uncaring, egomaniacal, sociopathic, a destroyer of the Earth. This is what we've been imposing on the rest of the world for so many decades. He is part of the price we pay for corrupting other countries and wrecking the lives of so many innocents within them.
Our agencies have done this under the illusion of democracy. The client states "elect" their leaders. If unsuitable to US corporate interests, that leader disappears, and the client colony gets to try again.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Likewise the Trump regime now takes power amidst a classic imperial "strip and flip" black op coup.
Leading up to the election, millions of black, Hispanic, Asian-American, Muslim and other citizens were stripped from the voter rolls, as they have been for decades. Where that was not enough, black box electronic voting machines have flipped the final outcome, not only for the presidency, but for the House, Senate and state and local governments throughout the US.
Both tactics were used to eliminate the grassroots leftist Bernie Sanders. When the corporate Democrats refused him the nomination, and then the Vice President's slot, they trashed the youthful activist uprising that put Barack Obama in the White House, and that is the key to our progressive future. The moneyed liberal elite made it clear they preferred having Donald Trump in the White House over a social democrat, even in the second slot.
The election was then flipped to Trump despite his losing the popular vote count by some three million ballots.
The deal was sealed in Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, where Hillary Clinton won the exit polls but lost the Electoral College. The corporate Dems then refused to support recounts while the media heaped abuse on the Green Party's valiant Jill Stein for daring to challenge corrupted outcomes that were obviously illegitimate .
Indeed, Clinton's corporate Democrats sealed Trump's coup by refusing to challenge the nationwide stripping of the voter rolls, or the flipping of the vote count in the key swing states. They haven't even raised the issue of an Electoral College that has now for the sixth time put the loser of a popular election into the White House.
Instead, as they screamed at Ralph Nader after Florida 2000, they now howl about the Russians.
But the real corruption of our elections is right here at home. High atop the list of our real problems are our fake democracy, and a fossil/nuke industry that is destroying our planet.
The social movements needed to win these battles are alive and well. From Occupy to Black Lives Matter to the Green/Bernie campaigns to the Dakota Pipeline to this weekend's mass marches and beyond, we inhabit a vibrant body politic that is firmly committed to justice, social democracy and a sustainable Earth.
With this terrible coup in Washington we shed some tears and feel some fear.
We are mourning. But we are marching, and we are organizing.
And the imperatives are clear. We need to win a true democracy, a Solartopian Earth, equal justice for all, a definitive understanding that we are all created equal, and endowed with an inalienable right to survive on this planet.
Trump reminds us that it will not be easy. We need to remind him that he's just a blip, a tiny toxic bend in the arc of history that bends toward justice—-if we make it so.
In that, we have no choice. See you on the barricades.
Minnesota became the first state in the nation Thursday to adopt a “value of solar” approach for determining how community solar customers will be paid for the power the projects produce.
The state's Public Utilities Commission agreed to use the value of solar methodology – currently voluntary for utilities – as part of a ruling on changes proposed to the state's community solar garden program.
Xcel Energy, the state's largest electric utility, is managing one of the largest community garden programs in the country. The value of solar approach includes external factors such as avoided transmission investments, the favorable health and environmental impact of clean energy and the ability to help the electric grid meet large demand on sunny days when extra power is often needed.
Fresh Energy, where Midwest Energy News is published, was a primary backer of the proposal.
Allen Gleckner, a policy director at Fresh Energy, said in a post on his organization's website that the decision “will be a transparent rate for subscribers that is based on a set 25-year bill credit schedule, creating clarity and reducing risk for subscribers.”
The move may lessen financing costs, improve access to community solar for low and middle income subscribers and “put to rest” fears that utility customers were subsidizing community solar subscribers, he wrote.
“Ultimately we're excited the commission adopted the value of solar rate as the bill credit option moving forward,” he said in an interview. “We think the value of solar is the best credit option. It was an excellent decision and a win for subscribers.”
The commission also decided Thursday to continue to prohibit co-located gardens and limit the size of them to only 1 MW. That policy has been in place since last year and it has proven to be “detrimental” to the continued growth of community solar, said David Shaffer, development director of the Minnesota Solar Energy Industries Association,
The community solar program had for a time allowed up to five 1 MW gardens to be co-located and, during that period, applications skyrocketed. Shaffer believes after the initial community solar gardens have been built, “it will be a much smaller program” with the 1 MW limit.
Xcel's most recent monthly report to the PUC pointed out 414 MW of development were in the design and construction phase. By the end of the year the utility believes 200 MW will be operational, with another 200 to 250 MW to be added within 18 months.
Just three gardens are in place and producing power, the document said.
Xcel has been under considerable criticism for not handling solar gardens in a timely manner, an issue that came to light in a Minneapolis Star Tribune article on problems developers face in hooking into the grid.
Austin Energy in Texas is currently the only utility in the country to use value of solar. In 2014, Minnesota became the first state to approve a statewide value of solar methodology.
CIAN HEALY WILL miss Leinster's three Pro14 inter-pro derbies over the Christmas and New Year period after being handed a three-week ban by an independent disciplinary panel.
Appearing in front of a hearing in London this afternoon, the Leinster prop pleased guilty to the offence of charging into a ruck during the Champions Cup win over Exeter Chiefs last weekend.
Healy was shown a yellow card by match referee Pascal Gauzere for the incident, which occurred 17 minutes into Leinster's 22-17 win at the Aviva Stadium.
The disciplinary panel upheld the citing complaint and determined that Healy's act of foul play warranted a red card. It found that the offence was at the low end of World Rugby's sanctions and two weeks was selected as the appropriate entry point.
However, it was then decided that due to Healy's poor disciplinary record, a three-week suspension was imposed which rules the Ireland international out until Monday 8 January.
He will therefore miss the Pro14 games against Munster on St Stephen's Day and the back-to-back home double-header against Connacht on New Year's Day and Ulster on 6 January.
An EPCR statement read: “An independent Disciplinary Committee consisting of Gareth Graham (England), Chairman, Rod McKenzie (Scotland) and Leon Lloyd (England) heard evidence and submissions by video conference from Healy, who pleaded guilty to the offence, from the player's legal representative, Derek Hegarty, from Leinster Rugby's Head of Rugby Operations, Guy Easterby, and from the EPCR Disciplinary Officer, Liam McTiernan.”
The42 has just published its first book, Behind The Lines, a collection of some of the year's best sports stories. Pick up your copy in Eason's, or order it here today (€10):
Pagan Publishing is a small, award-winning publisher of role-playing games, specializing in books and supplements for the Call of Cthulhu role-playing game.
Through this Kickstarter we intend bring a new series of Call of Cthulhu role-playing game books to life- Horrors of War!
Horrors of War will be a series of Call of Cthulhu scenario anthologies set during wartime. The first book in this series “Horrors of War: A Covenant with Death,” is a sourcebook and scenario anthology set during the Great War, 1914-1918. We are launching this Kickstarter to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of the First World War on August 1st, 2014.
For the past seven years John H. Crowe and I have been designing and running Call of Cthulhu scenarios set during the Great War. You may have heard some of mine recorded as actual play podcasts over at Role-Playing Public Radio. Now we're ready to begin releasing, what we expect will be, several Horrors of War volumes focused on the Great War. Later volumes of Horrors of War will focus on other conflicts in other times.
This first book, “A Covenant With Death,” will be a generalist book on the Great War and will include 8 scenarios, sourcebook material on the weapons and gear of the Great War, Air-combat rules, rules for creating both professional and citizen soldiers, and a Great War timeline, glossary and an extensive bibliography. All eight scenarios use the 6th Edition rules for Chaosium's Call of Cthulhu role playing game.
The book will be produced as an 8.5" x 11" softcover, with glossy color exteriors and grisly grayscale interior artwork. Right now the edited material tops out at just about 200,000 words. While the scenarios are written and playt ested, Horrors of War still needs to be laid out, illustrated, proofed and printed. The money we raise here will go towards commissioning art, paying layout artists, and, finally, printing and shipping the book to our backers.
Our intention is to release “Horrors of War: A Covenant with Death” by February of 2015. In the interim, we will be releasing, exclusively to our backers, a PDF sneak peak of “Horrors of War” in the form of “Death From Above.” This fully illustrated and laid out PDF document will include a scenario set aboard a zeppelin, another scenario set aboard a bi-wing bomber, air combat rules and aircraft templates. “Death from Above” will be made available to our backers by December 24, 2014, just in time for the Centennial of the 1914 Christmas Truce on the Western Front.
We've tried to ensure that the players can represent every nationality involved in the Great War. We have scenarios where they can play British, Belgian, French, German, Russian, American, Italian, Austro-Hungarian, Czechoslovak, Portuguese and Serbian characters, with Romanian, Bulgarian and Turkish options in the works. Most of those will be represented in the first book, “A Covenant with Death.”
Check out our rewards and our stretch goals. And keep checking back. There may be additions made over time.
As mentioned earlier, you can check out the Great War Call of Cthulhu games I recorded with the folks from Role Playing Public Radio at the following URLs. Click here for "Dig to Victory." Click here for "Uboote Heraus part 1" and here for "Uboote Heraus part 2." Here for "The Night Mission." Here for "Shadows of Leuven." Here for "The Iron Devil." And here for "The Lord of the Peaks." Not all these scenarios will appear in “A Covenant with Death,” but feel free to chime in and let us know which ones you'd most like to see. And do keep in mind that these are playtests. The final products may be quite different.
We also have three stretch goals!
Right now we have three stretch goals
$18,000.00:Every print copy of the books gets a two-page, fold-out diagram of the L-58 Zeppelin for the scenario “The Last Flight of the L-58.”
This first goal has been met! The final product will include the fold-out diagram of the L-58 zeppelin! PDF buyers will also receive a large format, high resolution deck plan with their PDF version of "Horrors of War: A Covenant with Death."
$20,000.00:Everyone who pledged at least at the $20.00 PDF edition level to will receive PDF sneak peeks of scenarios from future releases of Horrors of War books. That's two complete scenarios free to everyone who bought in at least at the $20.00 PDF edition level.
This second goal has been met! Everyone who pledged at least at the $20.00 PDF edition level will receive sneak previews of two scenarios that will appear in future volumes of Horrors of War.
$32,000.00:The second volume of Horrors of War for FREE! If we reach $32,000, then everyone who pledged at the softcover print edition level ($45.00 for domestic backers and $60.00 for foreign backers) will receive the print edition of the second volume of Horrors of War for free, including shipping. That's $80 worth of books and PDFs and even more value when you throw in shipping.
Folks who only want to purchase PDF editions will not be left out!
We are extending this offer to everyone who backs us at the $20.00 level to get PDF edition of Horrors of War. You'll get your PDF edition of the second volume of Horrors of War for free too.
I can't give an exact release date at this time, but if we raise $32K then we should be able to get it out before the end of 2015.
Thank you again, and I look forward to delivering to you “Horrors of War: A Covenant With Death,” the first installment of our Horrors of War series.
More than two days after a massive tornado tore across 17 Mississippi counties, Yazoo City resident Sherry Carpenter is still overwhelmed by the loss.
Her three grandchildren were in this house when the tornado picked it up and smashed it to the ground.
Their mother, 30-year-old Nikki Bradshaw Carpenter, covered them with a mattress and then laid on top of it to protect them.
She was found dead but her sons survived, sheltered underneath the mattress and the wreckage.
"She saved those kids and gave her life," Carpenter told CBS News correspondent Don Teague. "But that was Nikki because those kids came first."
Officials say nearly 1,000 homes and businesses were destroyed when as many as 50 tornados swarmed across the southeast Saturday.
The largest, an E-F4 that struck Yazoo City with winds up to 170 miles per hour, measured 1.75 miles wide.
A typical tornado is just 50 yards wide.
Now the cleanup is under way and State and Federal agencies are doing what they can, with volunteers from near and far…doing the rest.
But some things can never be rebuilt. Like a family of boys whose mother died protecting them.
"They don't know their mama's gone and that they'll never see her again," said Carpenter of Nikki. "But she saved them. I have no doubt she saved those boys."
China is treading a very fine line as the crisis over North Korea's nuclear ambitions continues to escalate, condemning its neighbour for its latest missile test but also calling for calm from all sides – and in doing so making it clear to the US it will not be bullied into action it does not want to take.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's “dangerous game of brinkmanship” was admonished by Xinhua, China's official news agency. However, this was followed by the assertion that the US's “belligerent tone and military exercises on DPRK's [Democratic People's Republic of Korea, as China officially refers to North Korea] doorstep ate into Pyongyang's sense of security.” This, Xinhua suggested, was what prompted the nuclear test that caused as many political tremors as it did physical ones.
Geng Shuang, China's Foreign Ministry spokesman, said that China made “stern representations” with North Korean diplomats following the blast. He also said, on the same day the US envoy to the United Nations called for the “strongest possible measures” against Kim Jong-un's regime, that all parties should “refrain from further escalating tensions”.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The timing of the latest flare-up could not be worse for China's President Xi Jinping, as it came in the middle of a meeting on Sunday with world leaders from Russia, India, Brazil and South Africa in the Chinese city of Xiamen, as part of a BRICS nations summit which continues today.
Similarly, last May Kim Jong-un fired off a ballistic missile hours before Mr Xi spoke to world leaders in Beijing. Peter Hayes, director of the North Korea-specialising Nautilus Institute research group, told The New York Times: “Kim knows that Xi has the real power to affect the calculus in Washington. He's putting pressure on China to say to Trump: ‘You have to sit down with Kim Jong-un'.”
Indeed, war between North Korea and the US plus its allies would be disastrous for all involved in terms of lives lost, but China believes it has the most to lose politically. The collapse of the Kim dictatorship would cause millions of North Korean refugees to flee to China, and US troops could be based in a reunified Korea bordering China: something Mr Xi would not tolerate.
Shape Created with Sketch. Kim Jong-un inspects weapon North Korea says is powerful hydrogen bomb Show all 6 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Kim Jong-un inspects weapon North Korea says is powerful hydrogen bomb 1/6 Photos released by North Korea show Kim Jong-un talking to subordinates next to a device thought to be the new thermonuclear weapon. There is no way of independently verifying the pictures STR/AFP/Getty Images 2/6 North Korea claims it has successfully tested an advanced hydrogen bomb which could be loaded onto an intercontinental ballistic missile AFP/Getty 3/6 A diagram on the wall behind Mr Kim shows a bomb mounted inside a cone STR/AFP/Getty Images 4/6 North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un (C) attending a photo session with participants of the fourth conference of active secretaries of primary organisations of the youth league of the Korean People's Army (KPA) in Pyongyang STR/AFP/Getty Images 5/6 A new stamp issued in commemoration of the successful second test launch of the "Hwasong-14" intercontinental ballistic missile KCNA via Reuters 6/6 A new stamp issued in commemoration of the successful second test launch of the "Hwasong-14" intercontinental ballistic missile KCNA via Reuters 1/6 Photos released by North Korea show Kim Jong-un talking to subordinates next to a device thought to be the new thermonuclear weapon. There is no way of independently verifying the pictures STR/AFP/Getty Images 2/6 North Korea claims it has successfully tested an advanced hydrogen bomb which could be loaded onto an intercontinental ballistic missile AFP/Getty 3/6 A diagram on the wall behind Mr Kim shows a bomb mounted inside a cone STR/AFP/Getty Images 4/6 North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un (C) attending a photo session with participants of the fourth conference of active secretaries of primary organisations of the youth league of the Korean People's Army (KPA) in Pyongyang STR/AFP/Getty Images 5/6 A new stamp issued in commemoration of the successful second test launch of the "Hwasong-14" intercontinental ballistic missile KCNA via Reuters 6/6 A new stamp issued in commemoration of the successful second test launch of the "Hwasong-14" intercontinental ballistic missile KCNA via Reuters
Yet, it is domestic issues currently dominate the agenda for Mr Xi. The Communist Party's 19th National Congress will convene in Beijing in mid-October, with Mr Xi set to be pre-occupied with placing trusting allies in the Party's key decision-making Politburo, as well as accepting a second five-year term. Calm is the aim ahead of the meeting so China would like as little international strife as possible.
“China will never allow chaos and war on the [Korean] peninsula,” said Liu Jieyi, the Chinese ambassador to the UN, as he called for nations to respond to its joint proposal with Russia that North Korea stop its military actions in return for the US stopping military exercises with South Korea.
With US President Donald Trump laying the task of containing Mr Kim on China's doorstep, tweeting about how little success Beijing has had in reining in North Korea, another Chinese state-controlled media outlet, the Global Times newspaper, said that fewer promises of “fire and fury” threats from Mr Trump were key.
“Pyongyang's frequent launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles and its sixth nuclear test have obviously shocked the US,” the newspaper said. “It seems Washington's military menace against Pyongyang is not only verbal.
“This will add to North Korea's state of alert and its determination to complete its nuclear and missile technology research. A sense of military urgency will prevail between North Korea and the US and South Korea, which may brew a hotbed which causes a fatal strategic misjudgement.”
In a dig about Mr Trump's threat to impose harsher sanctions on countries that trade with North Korea – namely China as Pyongyang's biggest trading partner – the newspaper added: “If the US is not able to tame North Korea, how can it force big powers such as China and Russia to yield to its demands through sanctions and deterrence?”
Mr Xi will have hated the timing of the latest step on Mr Kim's road to helming full nuclear capability, as much as the tough talk it drew from the US. But North Korea's collapse – due to war or China crippling the country's supply chains – will likely remain almost as unthinkable for him as it did before Sunday.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
"The lotus comes from the murkiest water but grows into the purest thing."
WorldPainter (for creating the map)
Chunky (for rendering the map)
Dropbox (to host the download)
Thanks for stopping by, if you enjoyed this submission please consider leaving a diamond!
In the mountains of the eternal springs a quiet lake rests. The snows of the springs have frozen the lakes, but nature has other plans for the ice. Lotus petals pattern themselves onto the frost, forming a giant lotus in the ice. Around the lake amber trees bloom, with ferns and undergrowth forming a tropical floor. Leaves fall onto the ground as foxes and animals rest around them, bathing in the cool heat of the springs, only venturing around the springs to visit the water. Such is the life of the animals of Lotus Lake.This is one I've wanted to create for a time. Instead of pink petals I've switched to yellow ones, a change from my last map of this theme ' Eternal Springs '. I've wanted to create another patterned map like ' Aurorean Tundra ' for a while as well, so combining the two felt like a fantastic experiment. I'm happy with the result and patterned maps are always fun to create. I'm interested to see what the community thinks of this map, especially as it's linked to eternal springs. I love how this map plays from the ground, the undergrowth and jungle floor is beautiful to walk through.I used the following tools to create this map:
Print Posters Out: The artwork is avalaible here . Option one: use regular 8.5"x11" paper and a color inkjet printer. Option two: take one of our psd files to a local print shop and have some larger 18"x24" posters done up. Get the posters printed on the thinnest paper possible. A matte finish is best for wheatpasting.
Go on a Mission: Take a big paint brush or roller, along with squirt bottle or 1.5 gallon plastic trash can nested in a messanger or book bag. Paint glue on the surface you want to stick the poster to, slap the poster into the glue, smooth the paper out, and then follow up with a final coat of glue over the top of the paper. Work quickly, without looking overly suspicious — teams of 2-3 people are optimal. Pick targets wisely: high visibility can be good but risky, near other posters may be safer and less likely to be torn down, think about who owns/maintains the space you're pasting.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Indians are interested in former White Sox outfielder Dayan Viciedo, who could be the right-handed hitter they've been looking for this winter.
The White Sox released Viciedo on Feb. 4 after they designated him for assignment and were unable to trade him. Viciedo hit only .231 (121-for-523) last year, struck out 122 times and posted a .281 on-base percentage, while playing terrible defense in right field.
On the plus side, he hit 21 homers with 58 RBI.
In the last three years, Viciedo has hit hit 25, 14 and 21 homers for Chicago. He became expendable after the White Sox signed outfielder Melky Cabrera.
The Indians, with pitchers and catchers reporting to Goodyear, Arizona on Wednesday, will have to do a hard sell to get Viciedo in camp. They already have a lot of outfielders on the roster looking for playing time.
Viciedo, 26, might find a better opportunity elsewhere. Michael Brantley will start in left and Michael Bourn has center. Right field currently belongs to David Murphy, but only because the health of Brandon Moss, Nick Swisher and Ryan Raburn is a question.
Moss underwent right hip surgery in October. Swisher had both knees operated on in August. Raburn had his left knee operated on in September.
Viciedo, listed at 5-11, 240 pounds, is expected to get a big-league deal. He was eligible for arbitration at the end of 2014 and the White Sox signed him to a one-year, $4.4 million deal to avoid arbitration. The salary wasn't guaranteed and when Viciedo was released the White Sox had to pay him $733,000 or 1/6 of the $4.4 million.
It's unclear if the Indians are willing to offer Viciedo a big league deal, but if they're serious that's probably what it would take to sign him.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian gunman opened fire in a Jewish religious school in Jerusalem on Thursday, killing at least eight people and wounding about 10 in the most lethal attack in Israel in two years, emergency services said.
Ultra-orthodox Jews stand near the scene of a shooting attack in Jerusalem March 6, 2008. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
“It was a slaughterhouse,” said Yehuda Meshi-Zahav, head of the Zaka emergency service after surveying the scene at the Merkaz Harav seminary, one of the most prominent Jewish educational centers in the holy city.
Jerusalem police chief Aharon Franco said a lone gunman carried out the attack and was killed by an off-duty Israeli army officer who lives nearby and ran to the school after hearing gunfire. Police had said earlier there were two gunmen.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, but it was greeted with celebrations in the Gaza Strip, where a recent Israeli offensive killed more than 120 Palestinians, about half of whom were identified as civilians.
The United Nations, Washington, France and Germany condemned the attack in the strongest terms, and diplomats said the U.N. Security Council would discuss the attack at an extraordinary session at 2400 GMT (7 p.m. EST).
Israeli media reports said the gunman was a resident of Arab East Jerusalem. The school is in the Jewish western part of the city.
An Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman said “terrorists are trying to destroy the chances of peace but we will certainly continue peace talks” with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. The Palestinian leader condemned the Jerusalem attack.
Witnesses said the gunman entered the crowded seminary and fired an automatic weapon at students in its library. Franco said the attacker killed eight people.
Police said it appeared most of the dead were in their 20's.
“He hid the weapon in a cardboard box,” Franco said.
Emergency worker Yerach Tucker said bloodied students ran out of the seminary. “I went into the library and there were youngsters lying there, dead with bibles — with holy books in their hands,” Tucker told reporters.
It was the most lethal attack in Jerusalem since 2004 and caused the highest Israeli death toll since April 17, 2006, when 11 people were killed in a suicide bombing during the Passover holiday in Tel Aviv.
UN, U.S., EUROPEAN CONDEMNATION
President George W. Bush condemned the attack “in the strongest possible terms” and said he had spoken with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to offer condolences.
“I told him the United States stands firmly with Israel in the face of this terrible attack,” he said in a statement.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon “condemns in the strongest terms today's savage attack ... and the deliberate killing and injuring of civilians ...” Ban's spokeswoman Michel Montas said in a statement issued in New York.
“(He) is deeply concerned at the potential for continued acts of violence and terrorism to undermine the political process, which he believes must be pursued to achieve a secure and lasting peace for Israelis and Palestinians, based on a two-state solution.”
The U.N. press office said the Security Council would hold an extraordinary session at 7 p.m. EST to discuss the Middle East, and diplomats said the attack would be discussed.
“I condemn this criminal act in the strongest possible terms,” said German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier. “We offer our sympathies to the families and loved ones of the victims ...”
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner also condemned “the horrific attack” and said “... France calls for the continuation of negotiations with a view to creating a Palestinian state living in peace and security alongside Israel. There is no alternative to a negotiated political solution to bring this conflict to an end.”
Yitzhak Dadon, who told reporters that he shot the gunman, said the attacker, wearing torn jeans, fired at the students with an AK-47 assault rifle. Witnesses said the shooting spree went on for about five minutes.
“I saw the gunman and he fired a long burst in the air. But then he disappeared,” Dadon said. “I saw him again when he approached the door of the library. I shot him twice in the head. He started to sway and then someone else with a rifle fired at him, and he died.”
Some 50 ambulances raced to the area in scenes reminiscent of a series of suicide bombings in Jerusalem after a Palestinian uprising began in 2000. Students at the school were attending a study session marking the start of Adar, the most festive month of the Jewish calendar.
Outside the seminary, a crowd shouted “Death to the Arabs”.
Slideshow (15 Images)
In the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip, gunmen fired in the air to celebrate the attack, three days after Israel ended a ground offensive it said was aimed at curbing cross-border rocket fire.
Sami Abu Zuhri, a Hamas official, said the group “blesses the heroic operation in Jerusalem, which was a natural reaction to the Zionist massacre”.
A loudspeaker in Gaza City blared the message: “This is God's vengeance.”
There was a lot of great TV this year, but looking back, no show had us in its grip more than Breaking Bad. Yes, this is the third year in a row we're naming Breaking Bad the best show of the year, but damn if it doesn't just keep delivering. The escalation of Walter White's criminal life went into even scarier and more intense places this year, as he realized just how precarious it was to still be working with Gus Fring. And even while the Gus story dominated, other subplots, including just how close Hank began to get to the truth, had us captivated. We think it's the right move for Breaking Bad's next season to be its last – dramatically, the story feels like it's nearing its logical conclusion – but we already know we'll miss the hell out of this truly phenomenal TV series.
Order of the White Feather: My 'coward' grandfather
After reading, in quick succession, four books about the men who fought the war, I took out a box of flimsy, yellowing letters, and tried yet again to imagine what my grandfather went through.
He had three small daughters, which saved him from conscription, and his attempt to volunteer was turned down in 1914 because he was short-sighted. But in 1916, as he walked home to south London from his office, a woman gave him a white feather (an emblem of cowardice). He enlisted the next day. By that time, they cared nothing for short sight. They just wanted a body to stop a shell, which Rifleman James Cutmore duly did in February 1918, dying of his wounds on March 28.
My mother was nine, and never got over it. In her last years, in the 1980s, her once fine brain so crippled by dementia that she could not remember the names of her children, she could still remember his dreadful, useless death. She could still talk of his last leave, when he was so shellshocked he could hardly speak and my grandmother ironed his uniform every day in the vain hope of killing the lice. She treasured his letters from the front, as well as information about his brothers who also died.
She blamed the politicians. She blamed the generation that sent him to war. She was with Kipling: "If any question why we died, / Tell them, because our fathers lied." She was with Sassoon: "If I were fierce, and bald, and short of breath / I'd live with scarlet majors at the Base, / And speed glum heroes up the line to death ... And when the war is done and youth stone dead / I'd toddle safely home and die - in bed."
But most of all, she blamed that unknown woman who gave him a white feather, and the thousands of brittle, self-righteous women all over the country who had done the same. And there were thousands of them, as Will Ellsworth-Jones makes clear in his fascinating account of a group of conscientious objectors, We Will Not Fight. After the war, Virginia Woolf suggested there were only 50 or 60 white feathers handed out, but this was nonsense - as Ellsworth-Jones's diligent research shows.
Some of his stories still have the power to make the reader angry. A 15-year-old boy lied about his age to get into the army in 1914. He was in the retreat from Mons, the Battle of the Marne and the first Battle of Ypres, before he caught a fever and was sent home. Walking across Putney Bridge, four girls gave him white feathers. "I explained to them that I had been in the army and been discharged, and I was still only 16. Several people had collected around the girls and there was giggling, and I felt most uncomfortable and ... very humiliated." He walked straight into the nearest recruiting office and rejoined the army.
• Extracted from the Guardian, May 17 2008. The Order of the White Feather, founded in August 1914 by Admiral Charles Fitzgerald, encouraged women to give out white feathers to young men who had not joined the British army.
The plight of objectors: letters from the time
"Jack FG. If you are not in khaki by the 20th I shall cut you dead. Ethel M."
Personal column of the Times, July 8 1915
"I was taken to the Tower of London and locked in a large dungeon where there were 20 or so prisoners. Six were objectors. I was to be taken to Chester Castle and my wife travelled with me. The Cheshire Regiment did not have a good reputation for its treatment of objectors. The previous week the newspaper had carried reports of how George Beardsworth and Charles Dukes [both subsequently prominent trade union leaders] had been forcibly taken to the drilling ground and kicked, punched, knocked down and thrown over railings until they lay exhausted, bruised and bleeding. I was a little apprehensive."
Fenner Brockway, conscientious objector and future MP
"The final test of sincerity is the willingness to face consequences, and the supreme test the perseverance to death. We hope that people will now be satisfied that the conscientious objector may at least be what he professes to be, and is not necessarily a mere coward masquerading under fine pretence."
Manchester Guardian, June 27 1916
"Dear Frank, I wish you to know the exact reasons why I am anxious to be released as soon as possible. They are not all, or even principally, that prison is disagreeable ... My principal reason is that I have ideas for what I believe to be a really important piece of philosophical research ... but in spite of my utmost efforts, I find it very hard to accomplish much here."
Letter dated Aug 12 1918 from Bertrand Russell to his brother while in prison for publicly supporting a negotiated peace with Germany
Official death toll rises to 112 as officials find what they believe to be hundreds of tonnes of the toxic chemical
Fears are growing for nearly 100 Chinese firefighters still missing after being sent to tackle the deadly explosions in Tianjin last week, amid reports that 70 times the permitted quantity of sodium cyanide had been stored at a warehouse near the blasts.
Tianjin explosions so huge they were visible from space Read more
With the official death toll raised to 112 and the number of missing people at 95, rescue workers wearing gas masks and hazard suits were racing to clear the area before the weather changes because of concerns that wind could spread the toxins and rain could cause a dangerous reaction with chemicals at the site.
Chinese officials found what they believe to be 700 tonnes of sodium cyanide at two locations within the site of Wednesday's deadly blasts, state media reported on Sunday. Some reports suggested the company that owned the warehouse where the blasts originated, Rui Hai International Logistics, may have been illegally transporting chemicals.
People's Daily,China (@PDChina) Firm whose warehouse blasted in #Tianjin suspected of smuggling as storage data obtained from customs & firm differ pic.twitter.com/S0F3mn0yMq
The Chinese premier, Li Keqiang, visited the site on Sunday, according to the official People's Daily.
There is growing anger over the explosions, with residents living in the Qihang Jiayuan apartment complex less than 800 metres from the blast zone staging a protest outside a hotel where officials were holding a press conference.
“I'm very worried that these dangerous chemicals will harm my health,” Zhang Yinbao, who works in the chemical industry and lives nearby, told AP.
Under Chinese law, warehouses storing large quantities of chemicals are not permitted to be that close to a residential area. “From a legal perspective it's unreasonable that dangerous chemicals would be so close,” Zhang said, calling for a thorough investigation and compensation.
Local media printed photographs of protesters, some with bandages on their arms and heads, holding pictures of what appeared to be their devastated homes.
Families of the missing firefighters joined the protest and clashed with police after marching to district government offices.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Footage shows the trail of destruction left by two deadly blasts in China's eastern port city of Tianjin
The state broadcaster CCTV aired images of experts on the ground advising firefighters on the best method for extinguishing various fires still ablaze at the port facility. There are concerns about the potential for rain to react with calcium carbide at the site, creating a potentially toxic airborne gas.
Chinese officials confirm two locations in Tianjin where hydrogen peroxide was found at a level above the national safety level
Eric Liu, a campaigner at Greenpeace East Asia, said that without precise data on how much calcium carbide was involved in the blast, it was impossible to predict how serious these reactions could be.
“The other danger rain poses is that chemicals stored in warehouse could be washed into water supplies, with a potentially large impact on local ecosystems,” Liu said. “However, again, without more specific information it is difficult to say what impacts exactly.”
CCTVNEWS (@cctvnews) Cyanide at the #Tianjin blast site kept intact, only small amounts leaked; air and water outside evacuation zone is safe, said authorities
Officials said contaminated water was being properly quarantined and would not reach residents.
The first firefighters on the scene on Wednesday reportedly attempted to extinguish the flames with water, only to make the blaze worse. It was only after the explosions that firefighters switched to using foam.
A refuge in a school near the site of the blasts was evacuatated at the weekend after a change in wind direction prompted fears that toxic chemical particles could be blown inland.
There were conflicting reports about the size of the exclusion zone and how many people had been affected, but is is thought 6,300 people have been displaced by the blasts. Shockwaves from the blasts were felt by residents in apartment blocks miles away in the city of 15 million people.
Meanwhile, the Chinese government has stepped up efforts to control the media narrative around the incident. Fifty websites have been punished for “spreading Tianjin blast rumours” and close to 400 Weibo and WeChat accounts have been shut down, according to state media reports.
China's top prosecutor, the Supreme People's Procuratorate, has opened an investigation into the warehouse explosions and “will look into possible illegal acts, such as abuse of power or dereliction of duty and deal with those acts which may constitute crimes”, the state news agency Xinhua reported.
After the explosion, China issued an emergency notice ordering a a nationwide examination of dangerous chemicals and explosives. The State Council called on authorities around the country to “learn bitter lessons from the two massive blasts, and to crack down unwaveringly on illegal activities to ensure safety”.
On Sunday night the young Los Angeles Lakers gave the defending champion Cleveland Cavaliers everything they could handle. Even though they ultimately came up short against the Cavs, young players such as D'Angelo Russell and Brandon Ingram proved they have the talent to hang with the league's best.
While much of the attention will go to Russell and his 40 point night, Ingram also had an excellent showing against one of the NBA's best players ever in LeBron James.
Ingram finished with 18 points and six rebounds and definitely left an impression on the reigning NBA Finals MVP.
“Kid has a lot of talent. The more and more he plays, the more and more he is going to get more comfortable out there. He has the in-between game, can handle the ball. He shot a couple long balls out there tonight and that worked for him too. The more time you get on the floor, the better and better you become.”
If anyone understands the pressures that come with entering the league at a young age with a ton of pressure it is James. He has been in the same situation that Ingram is in now and understands that time on the court is of the utmost importance.
The Lakers and head coach Luke Walton also understand that which is why Ingram has seen so much time this season. Ingram leads all rookies by a decent margin in minutes and it is beginning to pay dividends. In the month of March, Ingram is averaging 12.9 points, 4.1 rebounds, and 2.6 assists and that includes a game against the Boston Celtics where Ingram was held scoreless in 26 minutes.
Thankfully, since that fateful night Ingram has scored in double-figures in every game and looks to be getting far more comfortable on the court. James took notice on this night, and it may not be long before the rest of the league does the same.
**All quotes obtained by Lakers Nation reporter Serena Winters unless otherwise noted**
Much ado has been made in recent years over the quickly rising cost of healthcare in the United States. But the cost of college tuition and fees has skyrocketed at nearly twice that rate. Going to college today will cost a student 559% more than it did in 1985, on average.
In an exciting talk given at TEDGlobal 2012, Stanford professor Daphne Koller explains why she was inspired — alongside fellow professor Andrew Ng — to create Coursera, which brings great classes from top universities online for free. Coursera classes have specific start dates, require students to take quizzes and turn in assignments, as well as allowing professors to customize their course into online chunks rather than simply recording their lectures.
When she spoke at TED Global, Coursera offered classes from four top colleges — Princeton University, the University of Michigan, Stanford University and the University of Pennsylvania — but in July, Coursera announced that they had increased to 16 participating colleges, including five of the schools considered the top 10 in the country by the U.S. News & World Report. The site now offers 116 classes.
Even outside of Coursera, the number of college classes available on a computer screen rather than in a brick-and-mortar lecture hall is staggering. At TEDxEastside Prep, Scott Young gave the intriguing talk — “Can you get an MIT education for $2,000?” — in which he shared his effort to get an MIT education in computer science by taking the school's Open Courseware free online courses. The result? He's currently taken — as well as passed exams and completed programming assignments for — 20 of the 33 courses in schools' curriculum.
Inspired by Young, below, find 12 courses you could take for a completely free TED degree in Big Ideas.
The Course: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
The School: Stanford, via YouTube
Taught By: Peter Norvig, Sebastian Thrun
Course Description: Artificial Intelligence is the science of making computer software that reasons about the world around it. Humanoid robots, Google Goggles, self-driving cars, even software that suggests music you might like to hear are all examples of AI. In this class, you will learn how to create this software from two of the leaders in the field.
Notes: When Thrun and Norvig first put this course online in the fall of 2011, 160,000 students from 209 countries enrolled. While the course is closed, you can still watch the lectures on YouTube. And see Norvig discuss what he learned teaching the course in the TEDTalk, “The 100,000 student classrooms.”
The Course: The Structure of English Words
The School: Stanford, via iTunes
Taught By: Will Leben
Course Description: Thanks to historical, cultural, and linguistic factors, English has by far the world's largest vocabulary—leading many of us to have greater than average difficulty with words, and some of us to have greater than average curiosity about words. Our historical and linguistic study will cover both erudite and everyday English, with special attention to word meaning and word use, to both rules and exceptions. Most words originated with an image. “Reveal” = “pull back the veil,” “depend on” = “hang down from.” Change is constant. “Girl” once meant “a young child of either sex;” an early synonym for “stupid” was “nice.” Are there good changes and bad ones? And who gets to decide?
The Course: Physics for Future Presidents
The School: University of California Berkeley, via YouTube
Taught By: Richard A. Muller and Bob Jacobsen
Course Description: Contains the essential physics that students need in order to understand today's core science and technology issues, and to become the next generation of world leaders. From the physics of energy to climate change, and from spy technology to quantum computers, this is a look at the modern physics affecting the decisions of political leaders and CEOs and, consequently, the lives of every citizen. How practical are alternative energy sources? Can satellites really read license plates from space? What is the quantum physics behind iPods and supermarket scanners? And how much should we fear a terrorist nuke?”
Note: A complete guide is available to anyone who wants to teach the class at their university.
The Course: Dilemmas in Bio-Medical Ethics: Playing God or Doing Good?
The School: MIT, via Open Courseware
Taught By: Erica James
Course Description: This course is an introduction to the cross-cultural study of bio-medical ethics. It examines moral foundations of the science and practice of western bio-medicine through case studies of abortion, contraception, cloning, organ transplantation, and other issues. It also evaluates challenges that new medical technologies pose to the practice and availability of medical services around the globe, and to cross-cultural ideas of kinship and personhood. It discusses critiques of the bio-medical tradition from anthropological, feminist, legal, religious, and cross-cultural theorists.
The Course: Videogame Theory and Analysis
The School: MIT, via Open Courseware
Taught By: Alice Robison
Course Description: This course will serve as an introduction to the interdisciplinary academic study of videogames, examining their cultural, educational, and social functions in contemporary settings. By playing, analyzing, and reading and writing about videogames, we will examine debates surrounding how they function within socially situated contexts in order to better understand games' influence on and reflections of society.
The Course: Sets, Counting and Probability
The School: Harvard, via the Open Learning Initiative
Taught By: Paul G. Bamberg
Course Description: This online math course develops the mathematics needed to formulate and analyze probability models for idealized situations drawn from everyday life. Topics include elementary set theory, techniques for systematic counting, axioms for probability, conditional probability, discrete random variables, infinite geometric series, and random walks. Applications to card games like bridge and poker, to gambling, to sports, to election results, and to inference in fields like history and genealogy, national security, and theology.
The Course: Introduction to Aerospace Engineering and Design
The School: MIT, via Open Courseware
Taught By: Dava Newman
Course Description: The fundamental concepts, and approaches of aerospace engineering, are highlighted through lectures on aeronautics, astronautics, and design. Active learning aerospace modules make use of information technology. Student teams are immersed in a hands-on, lighter-than-air (LTA) vehicle design project, where they design, build, and fly radio-controlled LTA vehicles. The connections between theory and practice are realized in the design exercises.
The Course: Shakespeare After All: The Later Plays
The School: Harvard
Taught By: Marjorie Garber
Course Description: This free online Shakespeare course focuses on Shakespeare's later plays beginning with Measure for Measure and ending with The Tempest. This course takes note of key themes, issues, and interpretations of the plays, focusing on questions of genre, gender, politics, family relations, silence and speech, and cultural power from both above and below (royalty, nobility, and the court; clowns and fools).
The Course: Securing Digital Democracy
The School: University of Michigan, via Coursera
Taught By: J. Alex Halderman
Course Description: Computer technology has transformed how we participate in democracy. The way we cast our votes, the way our votes are counted, and the way we choose who will lead are increasingly controlled by invisible computer software. Most U.S. states have adopted electronic voting, and countries around the world are starting to collect votes over the Internet. However, computerized voting raises startling security risks that are only beginning to be understood outside the research lab, from voting machine viruses that can silently change votes to the possibility that hackers in foreign countries could steal an election. This course will provide the technical background and public policy foundation that 21st century citizens need to understand the electronic voting debate. You'll come away from this course understanding why you can be confident your own vote will count — or why you should reasonably be skeptical.
The Course: Galaxies and Cosmology
The School: California Institute of Technology, via Coursera
Taught By: S. George Djorgovski
Course Description: This class is an introduction to the modern extragalactic astronomy and cosmology, i.e., the part of astrophysics that deals with the structure and evolution of the universe as a whole. It will cover the subjects including: relativistic cosmological models and their parameters, extragalactic distance scale, cosmological tests, composition of the universe, dark matter, and dark energy; the hot big bang, cosmic nucleosynthesis, recombination, and cosmic microwave background; formation and evolution of structure in the universe; galaxy clusters, large-scale structure and its evolution; galaxies, their properties and fundamental correlations; formation and evolution of galaxies; star formation history of the universe; quasars and other active galactic nuclei, and their evolution; structure and evolution of the intergalactic medium; diffuse extragalactic backgrounds; the first stars, galaxies, and the reionization era.
The Course: Fantasy and Science Fiction: The Human Mind, Our Modern World
The School: University of Michigan, via Coursera
Taught By: Eric Rabkin
Course Description: Fantasy is a key term both in psychology and in the art and artifice of humanity. The things we make, including our stories, reflect, serve, and often shape our needs and desires. We see this everywhere from fairy tale to kiddie lit to myth; from “Cinderella” to Alice in Wonderland to Superman; from building a fort as a child to building ideal, planned cities as whole societies. Fantasy in ways both entertaining and practical serves our persistent needs and desires and illuminates the human mind. Fantasy expresses itself in many ways, from the comfort we feel in the godlike powers of a fairy godmother to the seductive unease we feel confronting Dracula. This course will explore Fantasy in general and Science Fiction in specific both as art and as insights into ourselves and our world.
The Course: Bits: The Computer Science of Digital Information
The School: Harvard, via the Open Learning Initiative
Taught By: Harry R. Lewis
Course Description: This course focuses on information as quantity, resource, and property. We study the application of quantitative methods to understanding how information technologies inform issues of public policy, regulation, and law. How are music, images, and telephone conversations represented digitally, and how are they moved reliably from place to place through wires, glass fibers, and the air? Who owns information, who owns software, what forms of regulation and law restrict the communication and use of information, and does it matter? How can personal privacy be protected at the same time that society benefits from communicated or shared information?
Photo: ShutterStock
