Immediately following President Donald Trump's fiery campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona on Tuesday, CNN completely dropped their thin façade of an objective news organization. In the wake of the address, there were many cries on CNN Tonight accusing the President of being truly out of his mind and unfit to hold the office of the president. Host Don Lemon declared that Trump was “clearly trying to ignite a civil war in this country.” But he wasn't the only one who was off the wall.
Republican Political Consultant Rick Wilson described Trump's speech as “Castro-esque speech in length.” And he asserted that “it was an astounding chain of lies tied together by lunatic asides by a man who obviously is mentally unstable.”
“I mean, I'm not joking out it or being a smart ass this is a man who is not well,” he yelled. “This is a man who is not qualified or mentally or morally fit to be the president of the United States and tonight was one more proof of it.” He also smeared Trump as being the cross between a “6-year-old” and “cranky old man.”
After coming back from covering of the radical leftist violence outside of the event, Lemon read a tweet from the unhinged CNN Commentator Ana Navarro. “'The only possible defensible explanation for Trump's disgusting, unpresidential, narcissistic behavior would be early onset dementia. Maybe,'” Lemon read. “She's not the only one been saying-- some people have been saying that for months.”
The next wave of what could arguably be considered slander was up to Democratic Strategist Maria Cardona. “This is something that frankly the majority of Americans who did not vote for this man understood how unfit he was to be the occupant of the oval office,” she chided Trump's voters.
Cardona suggested that the speech would open the public's eyes to just how unfit Trump's was to hold the office. They might finally realize “that he might be psychotically demented and ill of the mind,” she spat as she grilled Republican lawmakers to take a stand against the President.
“Tonight, Don, America's enemies are laughing and America, the country, is weeping and we need to do something about it,” she lamented.
Just past the top of the 1:00 AM hour, conservative Ben Ferguson was taking CNN behind the woodshed for their disgusting over the top reaction and their claims that the President was crazy. Don Lemon actually had the nerve to falsely claim “no one” was calling Trump crazy. And that's after Lemon hammered Trump for allegedly “lying” and trying to rewrite history during his speech.
Clearly, CNN is done pretending to be an objective source of news.
CNN's unhinged lunacy was sponsored by Fidelity, Ruby Tuesday, and Trip Adviser.
Transcript below:
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
The HK45 Pistol is a modern tactical semi-automatic pistol made by Heckler & Koch of Germany. This full sized tactical pistol is chambered in .45ACP and has many features that make it one of the most advanced combat handguns in the world. Recognizing the performance of the HK45, United Defense has produced this high quality aftermarket magazine for this prized handgun.
With a focus on reliability, performance, and affordability this magazine for the HK45 pistol delivers exceptional value. Just like the original, it is made from quality components and holds 10 rounds of .45ACP. Fit and function in your HK45 is ideal with performance being on the level of your factory original magazines. Where this United Defense magazine for the HK45 truly excels is the price point, with an entry price significantly lower than any other magazine for the HK45.
Features:
Designed for use in the HK45
United Defense LLC Magazine
10-Round Capacity
.45ACP Caliber
Factory New - Satisfaction Guaranteed
This post is simply a beginning attempt to draw out from crowd data how big each club's active fanbase is.
The idea is to eliminate games where it isn't a home team from one city state and an away team from another state. The reasoning for this is obvious - Collingwood get big crowds, but they're helped by the ease with which many of their opponents's fans can get to games. By contrast, Sydney or Port Adelaide can't rely on the proximity of their opponents' fanbases to get attendances most of the time.
Here, then, is a chart isolating just games played at a genuine home ground (ie, not in Launceston or Wellington) against teams from elsewhere in the country:
(larger image)
Home city games
Collingwood still show up as having the biggest home crowd pull at the MCG, but once we remove blockbuster derbies against Essendon, Carlton, etc, the gap shrinks. Adelaide trumps other Victorian powerhouses when it comes to crowd pull, and this measure also makes it apparent that the home fanbases of the Crows plus West Coast, Essendon, Hawthorn, Carlton and Fremantle are all pretty close. It's worth remembering that West Coast and Essendon, and to a lesser extent Fremantle and Carlton, face capacity issues from their home grounds.
Geelong, likewise, show as a low drawcard but their games at Kardinia Park are constantly sold out.
Down the other end of the spectrum, we can see St Kilda maintaining a sort of “largest minnow” status that may owe more to recent success than an actual larger fanbase. Melbourne and the Bulldogs have outdrawn North Melbourne in Victoria when the opponents aren't from down the road. All three clubs have been victims of unfavourable scheduling so this probably doesn't split them. What's interesting is that the Demons, strugglers through this entire period, still get larger crowds than North and the Dogs, perhaps showing a larger fanbase or perhaps a stadium effect between Etihad and the MCG.
Away games
Interstate away crowds should tell us something about the drawing power of clubs in the rest of the country, indicating something about how much national appeal a team has.
Collingwood and Hawthorn appear to have the biggest non-Victorian drawing power, followed by Carlton, Essendon and Geelong within 2,000 per game. Collingwood's claim to be the most popular team nationally may not be supported by facts - both the other two traditional Victorian powerhouses and the two current strongest Victorian teams are very close to them in crowd pull outside Victoria.
North Melbourne seems to draw about the same crowds outside Melbourne as Melbourne and the Bulldogs. There are two possibilities here. One is that none of those clubs draw any fans outside of Melbourne. More likely, all three clubs are drawing a similar limited number locally and via travel.
If the latter is the case, the comparison with lower Victorian crowds suggests North's support base is more nationally-distributed than Melbourne or the Bulldogs. This makes some intuitive sense. First, North are known to have an outsized Western Australian support base due to old WAFL transfers. They also had sustained success during the 1990s, the first period of nationally-televised national competition, with high profile players such as Wayne Carey. They've probably attracted kids from other cities as converts in the 1990s who are now fans, moreso than Melbourne and the Dogs have done. Finally, perhaps their flirtations with Canberra, Sydney and Gold Coast relocations have left them some lingering support.
Finally, let's talk about Sydney and Brisbane:
Sydney and Brisbane are of course supported heavily in Victoria as this chart shows. They've got the highest Victorian crowds of any interstate team, they have thousands of Melbourne members, and they have the most AFL members of any interstate club.
This is obviously mostly due to old South Melbourne and Fitzroy support, but is probably also partly a sign of Sydney and Brisbane transplants to Melbourne adopting their home city's team when they didn't previously have one.
However, we can also see a “clubs don't play away games in their own city” effect in operation outside of Victoria. Sydney and Brisbane show as getting bigger away crowds in non-Victorian Australia but this reads as an artefact of what cities are being counted:
Adelaide and Perth teams only play away games in the other city, whereas Sydney and Brisbane play in both cities against those high-drawing teams (GWS and Gold Coast are also getting a boost from proportionately more trips west).
Similarly, Sydney and Brisbane (and GWS and Gold Coast)only play one low-drawing expansion side as a non-derby game.
These two factors make the “away drawing power” measure outside Victoria for Sydney and Brisbane a little meaningless if compared to Adelaide or Perth teams.
-S
Denmark's immigration minister is considering sending failed asylum seekers to live on deserted islands in the chilly Scandinavian seas.
Breitbart (h/t Marvin W) The proposal, which was initially put forward by the populist Danish People's Party (DF), would see failed asylum seekers being kept on one of the 300 or so deserted islands while they await deportation. Støjberg said that while she agrees with the proposal in principle there would be some challenges in regard to its implementation, Berlingske The proposal, which was initially put forward by the populist Danish People's Party (DF), would see failed asylum seekers being kept on one of the 300 or so deserted islands while they await deportation. Støjberg said that while she agrees with the proposal in principle there would be some challenges in regard to its implementation, Berlingske reports
“I am always ready to look into good ideas for how we can improve the control of rejected asylum seekers. This is of course also a proposal from the Danish People's Party,” Støjberg said.
Denmark has been much tougher on mass migration than her neighbour Sweden since the migrant crisis reached its height in 2015, enacting laws to discourage economic migrants. The Danes have even proposed to strengthen the border with Sweden, citing the high numbers of Islamic extremists in the country that could pose a threat to Denmark.
passed a resolution Earlier this year the Danish parliament, or Folketing,against mass migration stating that Danes should not become a minority in their own country.
The text of the resolution read: “Parliament notes with concern that today there are areas in Denmark where the number of immigrants from non-Western countries and their descendants is over 50 per cent. It is parliament's opinion that Danes should not be a minority in residential areas in Denmark.”
More than any other Scandinavian country, Denmark has taken the lead in restricting Muslim asylum seekers from coming in.
Denmark passed a controversial law allowing confiscation of valuables from Muslim asylum seekers to cover some of the costs of their upkeep.
Muslim asylum seekers don't want to stay in Denmark anymore because their “migrant salary” aka welfare, has been reduced by 50%.
(English begins at 0:06)
The Jeep dealership in Overland Park, Kan. looks just like any other — rows of shiny new cars filling up a gigantic lot, with a spacious indoor showroom to one side. What you wouldn't know from walking by on the street, however, is that the enterprising salesmen at Overland Park will trade you an entire car for a bucket of intangible gold.
Overland Park Jeep is one of over 200 real-world businesses in the United States that accept bitcoins, the virtual currency that's lately taken Washington by storm. The total value of all bitcoins in circulation is around $6 billion — though that number fluctuates as the price of bitcoins wobbles, sometimes spectacularly, relative to the dollar. While most places that take bitcoins exist only on the Internet, some retailers have proven more adventurous.
Earlier this year on a visit to Palo Alto, Calif., I stopped in a local coffee shop — Coupa Cafe, on Ramona Street. After ordering a tea and a latte, I reached for my credit card before noticing a bit of green text on the bill. At first I thought they'd tacked on an extra charge, but on closer inspection, it turns out that I could have paid for my drinks in bitcoins instead.
The tech-crazed Bay Area seems like an obvious place to find bitcoin-friendly businesses. But you'll also find them in less likely locations. Rooks Comics and Games, in Bozeman, Mont., for instance. An antique shop in the French Quarter of New Orleans. Alberty's Broadway Liquor in Muskogee, Okla., about an hour out of Tulsa. And the Church of Saint John the Evangelist in Goshen, N.Y.
On the East Coast, you'll find at least four venues in Manhattan and nine in Brooklyn. Washington, D.C., sadly, has only two places where you can spend your digital cash, and one of them seems to be a think tank of sorts. But take your bitcoins to Cambridge, Mass., and you'll find a welcome at a fusion eatery named Thelonious Monkfish and a diner called Veggie Galaxy.
Considering how unstable the value of bitcoins still is, it might make more sense to use plain old dollars for now. But if you find a business that's not already on the map above, you can add it to the open-source database, Coinmap.org, that created it.
Canberra is a city fuelled by secrets. In a place where people are paid well but rarely as much as they are worth, information is the real currency. It can buy you access, influence and power. In much the same way that wealth dictates glamour and hierarchy in other cities, the information you hold determines where in the pecking order you sit in Canberra. Prime ministers and their cabinets are up top, above an eclectic mix of senior journalists, bureaucrats and political staffers – mostly in that order.
Right now, we are witnessing an audacious experiment in centralised currency control. Tony Abbott and his office have issued instructions to government ministers that restrict their access to journalists and, therefore, to the public. All media requests must be approved by a member of the prime minister's staff. Abbott himself is giving fewer press conferences than his immediate predecessors. He is perhaps harking back to a much earlier time when things seemed better, gentler, refusing to accept those days are past. But being out of date has never seemed to worry Abbott. Early in his prime ministership, when he said, “Happy is the country which is more interested in sport than in politics,” he was following on from Malcolm Fraser's 40-year-old line about getting politics off the front page.
That's not to say Abbott's general sentiment is misplaced. After the past few years, we could all do with some blessed relief. But these days it is easier said than done. News editors and journalists find themselves under increasing commercial pressure to meet not just one print deadline but infinite online deadlines spread throughout the day. The appetites of 24-hour TV news networks are more startling still. There is an endless demand for content.
Learning where the boundaries lie between what you can control, what you can't and what you shouldn't even try to be one of the fine arts of governing. Much has been written about the Rudd government's obsession with winning the daily news cycle, and how that media strategy was in some ways to blame for Kevin Rudd's eventual demise.
The critics are partially correct. I was a press secretary in that office, and that was my job: to do everything I could to ensure that what wound up on the television news that night played our way. (And make no mistake, whatever the hype about “new media”, the nightly news reports still reign supreme in politics.) Often enough, the evening broadcasts were driven by what had led in the newspapers that morning, so an enormous amount of energy was spent trying to influence them as well.
Every day, a media assistant, some bright young thing with a head for politics, would pick up the newspapers around 3.30 am and then, arriving at the office by 4 am, would compile a summary of every political story in every major newspaper in the country. Meanwhile, a specialised team of three would commence putting together the ‘Round the World' (a brief named for the way football broadcasters would go “round the grounds” for live scores), covering the major stories the prime minister was likely to be asked about should he hold a press conference. At 6 am there was a telephone hook-up with press secretaries across government, to ensure our office knew what other surprises might be in store. If a minister were facing the media that day, he or she would receive a copy of the ‘Round the World', so that everyone in government was singing from the same song sheet. All of this was in aid of Covering Every Base, preventing Gaffes and ensuring that the government's message Cut Through.
I say the critics are only “partially correct” because there is nothing wrong with this as a media strategy. The problem arises when it becomes your governance strategy. One example will suffice. In late 2009, a deal was reached with the Malcolm Turnbull–led Opposition to deliver an emissions trading scheme. If that deal had held, history might have been different. Perhaps Rudd would still be prime minister today. Instead, I spent every afternoon in the press gallery, spruiking division within the Coalition. The aim was to stoke discontent on their side, leading to troublesome media stories for them and a victory in the nightly news skirmish for us. As a media strategy, it succeeded brilliantly. Not so much on the governing side: the widening split in the Opposition led to Abbott's ascension and the defeat of the emissions trading scheme in the Senate. Never has there been a clearer case of winning the battle and losing the war.
I spent every afternoon spruiking division within the Coalition. As a media strategy, it succeeded brilliantly. Not so much on the governing side.
Political leaders sometimes overbalance in their attempts to avoid the mistakes of their predecessors. Abbott is no different. Just twice a month he has offered a press conference to the combined might of the Canberra press gallery. Relative to Rudd and Julia Gillard, he gives fewer interviews. Meanwhile, Scott Morrison, Abbott's minister for immigration and border protection, has reduced the flow of information about the handling of boat arrivals – an area of intense public focus – to something between a trickle and a drought.
I have devoted years of my life to communications. I have seen first hand that it is possible, for very long stretches at a time, to micromanage the media cycle effectively. Even so, I believe that communication rarely plays anything other than a marginal role in the fortunes of a government. There are political analysts who will disagree but I like to think this will come as a relief to most voters: it is what a government actually does that finally determines its success. Political choices – about which policies to pursue and when – matter immensely. But what a government says about those choices is secondary at best.
So does Abbott's constricted communication with the public really matter? Even better, if he focuses on governing rather than communicating, mightn't this be a good thing? Might it even be the correct response to the new media environment he is operating in?
The public is flooded with content: blogs, breaking news, opinions. A fact, once reported, can spiral into countless impassioned rants coming at us via Twitter, panels of talking heads and 24-hour news channels.
The Guardian Australia's Katharine Murphy, one of the most thoughtful analysts of this new phase of media, notes that in a sped-up cycle “information can assume disproportionate importance”. Fewer and fewer readers wait for daily deliveries anymore; instead, they click from their desk all day. They deprive themselves of the traditional filter of time, of experienced editors making thoughtful choices about which news deserves front-page coverage. Such curation is the great loss of the internet age. Instead, we get a constant stream of “news” that seems significant only because it has just happened.
Morrison has stopped commenting on almost anything. His office often fails to return phone calls, or answer the most basic of questions.
The absence of clear gatekeepers partly explains what Abbott and Morrison are doing. They are claiming the role themselves, having determined that the way the media now works means there are no other effective filters in existence.
In a wise article on this chaotic stage in the development of news, Liberal pollster Mark Textor had some advice for politicians. Specifically: “The most successful leaders in the next few years will be those who slow the political and comment process down enough for voters to catch up.”
It is clear Abbott has taken this advice. And it's not just partisans like Textor who are giving it. Channel Nine's veteran political editor Laurie Oakes, while broadly critical of the government's tendency towards secrecy, has conceded the need for a corrective to the frenzy of the past few years.
They're right. When so much of our public rhetoric is influenced by social media, “transparency” is too often taken to be its own justification. In his excellent book about internet as religion, To Save Everything, Click Here, Evgeny Morozov details the case of the activist who used publicly available data to create an online map pinpointing the homes of ordinary Californian citizens who had donated money to opposing gay marriage. It was “transparency” that had enabled him to do so.
Imagine if Labor, upon coming to power, had decided, just as Scott Morrison has, not to announce every boat arrival as it happened. No doubt they – like Morrison – would have been pilloried. But imagine if they had argued that for too long Australia had made too much of boat arrivals, that planes rather than boats were the main problem in bringing asylum seekers to our shores, that they weren't going to play into the hands of the right-wing press by pandering to the idea that every asylum seeker who arrived by boat was newsworthy. It is possible to imagine the Left taking up this argument with fervour. Instead, the Left is attacking Morrison for secrecy.
Of course, Morrison didn't just stop announcing every boat arrival as it happened. He has stopped commenting on almost anything. His office often fails to return phone calls, or answer the most basic of questions. He limited briefings to weekly events and then replaced those weekly briefings with weekly printed statements. It's very difficult to interview a printed statement.
What Abbott and Morrison have evidently missed, or decided to ignore, was the rest of Textor's advice:
How do you slow down the derivatives market in analysis and help bring the consumer up to speed? By giving simple, unfiltered information … [Voters] are now in desperate need of compelling primary information to show what the truth is.
In a democracy, whichever party happens to be in power has a responsibility to conduct a conversation with the electorate. The government needs to explain what it is doing, and why. On this measure, the prime minister and his minister are failing in their duties. Of course, they can always respond: “If the people don't like how we conduct ourselves, they will chuck us out.” But that is not good enough. Between now and the next election lie two and a half long years.
At his campaign launch last year, Tony Abbott declared the election was “all about trust”. In a democracy, that trust goes both ways. At some point, one imagines, voters will come to realise that their prime minister does not trust them with information. If it is true that governments are judged on their actions, Abbott would do well to remember that keeping secrets is an action in itself.
Microsoft has reported its Q1 2017 fiscal earnings, and there's nothing too exciting in there, honestly, other than one small head scratch.
Revenue in the More Personal Computing sector, which Xbox is housed, declined 2% to $9.3 billion year-over-year.
Gaming revenue declined 5%, driven by lower Xbox console revenue offset by higher Xbox software and services revenue, and brought in $1.9 billion in sales.
Xbox Live monthly active users users hit 47 million for the quarter, which is up from 39 million year-over-year, but down two million compared to Q4 2016 when the company reported 49 million. This is a bit odd considering sales of the Xbox One were up, per NPD results, over the last three months. Even if current users upgraded to Xbox One S, that wouldn't explain the decline in XBL users.
During the previous quarter, MAU was up grew 33% year-over-year, and was a 3 million upticks since the firm announced its Q3 2016 results noting 46 million Xbox Live users.
But going by year-over-year figures, Q1 2017 figures are up 8 million users compared to Q1 2016 with 39 million MAU (see figures above).
“Xbox One won US console market share for Q1,” Microsoft said today, adding that the best-selling, first-party title for the quarter was Forza Horizon 3.
The company as a whole reported $20.5 billion in revenue, with $4.7 billion net income for the quarter.
This was not the book I expected when I purchased it. I was expecting an authoritative, well researched, well documented treatise on the history of nuclear accidents. It was certainly that. But I was also expecting a dry, pedantic, academic, formal, and boring book that I was determined to slog thorough because I wanted to understand the topic.
In a story that traces its plot from a wrecked 2-10-0 decapod steam engine in north Georgia in 1954 to a massive hydrogen explosion at Fukushima Daiichi, Japan in 2011, the human story is always front and center. Don't misunderstand, Mahaffey understands the technology intimately and he describes the technical details with an engineers precision, but he also understands that it is the interface between the human and the machine where the true story is told, and time-and-time again, where the culprit of tragedy is to be found.
Although the title makes it sound like an academic textbook, it reads more like a Sebastian Junger or Jon Krakauer adventure story. One where when you breathlessly complete it, you will be chagrined to realize you just may have read a textbook.
There are two threads of striking similarities running through these stories. The first is how incaution led to so many of these accidents. At first, this seems surprising given the dangerous nature of the processes and materials being handled. But it reminds me of a conversation I had with a friend. We are both rock climbers and used to a certain element of risk. We were discussing a climber who was well known for incredibly difficult climbs without a rope and I suggested he was somehow fundamentally different from the rest of us. My friend disagreed and offered that each time we take a risk and have a positive outcome, our expectation of a positive outcome increases and conversely, our vigilance decreases. It is an interesting idea and one that highlights the imperativeness of following well designed safety procedures and how there can be little or no tolerance for mavericks here.
The second striking thread was how many accidents were due to operators failing to follow procedures or mistrusting measurements because they followed their “gut instincts”. This thread might also seem to highlight the imperativeness of following well designed safety procedures and how there can be little or no tolerance for mavericks, but it less clear as we really have no good data on whether and how many accidents were averted by similar actions.
This is a story of great tragedy and sometimes great catastrophe. It is a story that doesn't shy away from telling the, often painful, stories of the very real human beings at the center of the events. Whether the result of ignorance, youthful exuberance, hubris, heroism, or luck, the pictures painted in these words are fitting testimonials to the tragic victims of these events.
But this is ultimately an optimistic story. It tells the tale of a completely new technology from its earliest inception to the present day through the lens of adversity. But the ultimate sense one is left with is a sense of triumph. If there is any pessimism, it is from the nagging sensation that what should be one of humanities the greatest triumphs may be abandoned out of misplaced fear.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq has only weeks to decide if it wants to keep U.S. troops beyond an end-2011 deadline for their withdrawal, the top U.S. military officer said Friday in Baghdad following talks with Iraq's prime minister.
A U.S. soldier (R) watches Iraqi soldiers take part in a training course in Kirkuk, 250 km (150 miles) north of Baghdad October 24, 2010. REUTERS/Saad Shalash
The comments by Admiral Mike Mullen, chairman of the U.S. military's Joint Chiefs of Staff, are the strongest so far by U.S. officials warning Baghdad that Washington will soon have to initiate the withdrawal of its 47,000 forces under the terms of a bilateral security pact.
Asked what Iraq's deadline was for deciding, Mullen said: “I think the timeline is in the next few weeks.”
“Because there, for the withdrawal, there is what I call a physics problem with 47,000 troops here, lots of equipment and physically it just takes time to move them.”
Mullen did not speculate how many troops would be irreversibly committed to withdrawing after that time, saying only the Pentagon would need to make some “irrevocable” logistics and operational decisions.
More than eight years after the U.S.-led invasion to oust Saddam Hussein, Iraq is struggling to halt a weakened but still lethal Islamist insurgency and put an end to a long period of political instability after general elections in March 2010.
Amid media speculation about backroom talks to clinch an agreement, Mullen said there have been no official discussions on the extended presence of U.S. forces beyond December.
He said the U.S. military would fully meet its obligations under the security pact to move troops out of Iraq by year-end.
“There are no plans — nor have there been any requests from the Iraqi government — for any residual U.S. force presence here after this December,” he said.
Any decision by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to extend the presence of U.S. troops is risky. Anti-American cleric Moqtada al-Sadr, whose Sadrist bloc is part of Maliki's government, will unleash his Mehdi Army militia if U.S. troops fail to leave Iraq by year-end, his aides said earlier this month.
Mullen criticized those comments as “irresponsible.”
“The extension of that statement is to essentially threaten violence in the future and Iraq has seen more than its fair share of violence and death,” Mullen said.
FUTURE RELATIONS
Sadr's political movement won strong support in elections last year and overcame animosity toward Maliki to join his coalition government.
“So I think a statement like that ... is irresponsible in terms of taking care of Iraqi citizens in the future,” Mullen said.
Sadr's Mehdi Army fought U.S. troops after the 2003 invasion and during the height of Iraq's sectarian violence in 2006-7. Maliki sent government troops to crush the militia in 2008.
Mullen also acknowledged Iraq's political leaders had to take “everything into consideration” when reviewing the future of the U.S.-Iraq relationship. But he also noted Iraqi “vulnerabilities,” including in air defense and intelligence.
Maliki said in a statement released on his website late on Thursday after his talks with Mullen the government was keen to develop relations with the United States, particularly with regards to training and arming its security forces.
“Our security forces are now able to hold the responsibility, preserve the security and to act professionally and patriotically,” Maliki said.
“We will enhance its combat ability through supplying it with modern arms and equipment.”
China launched its second space station, Tiangong 2, on Thursday, according to state media reports.
A Long March 7 rocket carried the station into space from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in China. Next month, the Shenzou 11 spaceship will carry two astronauts and dock with the station for a month.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
This development comes five years after the country launched its first space station, Tiangong 1, in September 2011. The new station marks a step forward for China, which hopes to send a mission to Mars in the not-so-distant future, the Associated Press reports.
The Tiangong 2, whose name means “Heavenly Palace,” will be used to test space technology and conduct medical and space experiments, according to the Associated Press.
After this launch, China wants to create a manned space station by around 2022, the BBC reported, and the country has said it plans to land a rover on Mars by 2020.
Write to Abigail Abrams at abigail.abrams@time.com.
New Noise Magazine is teaming up with Worcester, MA quintet Sleeping Patterns to bring forth their newest single, “Raindance.” The song is taken off of the band's upcoming release, A Little Blood Never Hurt Anyone. “Raindance” has a peculiar pep in its step, with the vocal melody hopping along to the beat provided by the steady drum line. The guitars and instrumentals sweep through the mix, much like a peaceful evening of rain. Sleeping Patterns have noted that their debut full length deals with loss of innocence and emotional pain, and that is etched into “Raindance.” Within the ending there is a sliver of sunshine poking through, reinforcing the idea of trying to live life with honesty and with an introspective cleanse. A Little Blood Never Hurt Anyone is out June 9th via Honest Face Records and Counterintuitive Records.
Stevie Fitzpatrick of Sleeping Patterns comments on the song: “‘Raindance' was one of the last songs we had written for ALBNHA. I think it's going to be one of the more favored tracks because of it's organic sound which transpired through an unforced writing process. I was stoked to have our friend Scott Ayotte from Born Without Bones feature on this, which made it extra special. Like most songs on the album the lyrics poke at relationships and trying to be the most authentic version of yourself.”
Pre-Order A Little Blood Never Hurt Anyone here: Honest Face | Counterintuitive
Facebook
Catch the band currently out on tour with Old Soul.
Last month it was reported that Golden Globe winner Michael Keaton (Batman, Birdman) was in talks to star in the villain role in Marvel and Sony's upcoming Spider-Man: Homecoming film, however, those talks quickly fell apart for one reason or another and Marvel and Sony began looking for another actor to take on the villain role.
It appears that that is no longer the case as Variety is reporting that not only is Michael Keaton back in talks with Marvel, he's also in the final stages of negotiations! JoBlo also unveiled some information from an “unnamed source” which tells them that the actor is in talks to play the villain Vulture! Furthermore, their source also revealed the Vulture will be assisted by another villain, the Thinkerer who will “help him build his suit with recovered Chitauri tech from the Battle of New York.”
The source also adds that Spider-Man will receive a slight costume upgrade yet again, as the suit we saw Tony build him in Captain America: Civil War will now sport the classic underarm web wings the character used to sport in the Stan Lee & Steve Ditko era, which the character will be able to deploy as needed.
Keep in mind that side from Michael Keaton's casting the rest of the information stated above comes from an unnamed source and is as such unconfirmed. Keep checking back here on site for any new details.
Spider-Man: Homecoming will debut in theaters on July 7, 2017.
The term "invaders" doesn't quite conjure up feelings of welcome or belonging. But some biologists are trying to change the perception of biological invaders — and instead want us to think of them as migrants searching for the right place to live.
CBC Radio science columnist Torah Kachur looks at the debate about how we view so-called invasive species.
What's the concern about invasive species?
It's mostly because there are several high-profile horror stories out there. Take, for example, rabbits in Australia. In the 1800s, rabbits were introduced to the island continent and quickly managed to cause millions of dollars of damage to crops. They caused extinction of native plant life and ate so many plants that the soil started to erode.
In the 1950s, officials introduced a virus to kill the rabbits. It did successfully reduce the population, but rabbits are still a major concern for nature in Australia.
Zika is another invader — it's an invasive virus, and we all know the terror it has induced across the Americas.
A Parks Canada employee pulls up a patch of garlic mustard, a plant species considered invasive. ((CBC)) There are more examples closer to home. Asian carp are swimming their way into the Great Lakes, where they are voracious eaters and are squeezing out the native fish from their natural habitat.
Garlic mustard is an invasive plant found coast-to-coast in Canada that's spreading fast — expanding across roughly 6,400 square kilometres per year, according to the Nature Conservancy of Canada.
This plant quickly takes over ecosystems, disrupting butterfly migrations and reducing growth of native plants like sugar maples.
What's the current debate around invasive species?
There's a movement happening in some circles of ecologists who think maybe we should re-brand invasive species — which sound very unwelcome — into just non-native species.
That idea was covered in a 2011 essay in Nature, for example, and in a 2014 book by ecologist Ken Thompson called Where Do Camels Belong? Why Invasive Species Aren't All Bad.
The idea is to think of them more like immigrants to a new ecosystem — which may cause disruption, or may fit right in. In fact, they may provide a benefit.
Every native species was an invader at one point. The honey bee is a crucial pollinator that's absolutely essential to the health of our crops. But it was, in fact, an invasive species not that long ago. Honey bees were brought to North America by European settlers around 400 years ago for honey and wax. It turns out they were a perfect fit for our crops and climate, and now they are an essential part of pollination.
Some non-native species are particularly good at growing in areas that have been disrupted by the worst invasive species on the planet — humans. The eucalyptus tree, for example, may grow where no native species is suited anymore.
So for all the stories of the dangers of invasive species, there are stories of non-native species that fit right into the ecosystem, providing important diversity in different habitats.
How do researchers know if an invasive species will fit in, or not?
That's the hard part, says University of Washington conservation biologist Julian Olden.
"The paradigm is usually 'guilty until proven innocent' for non-natives," he said.
"So we try to use kind of short-cut, risk assessment approaches to determining whether something is likely to become invasive. So there are certain characteristics or traits of species that might pre-dispose them to be highly invasive. And we try to screen and use those traits to determine when something will ultimately turn bad."
Those kinds of traits would be lack of predators, a rapid lifecycle, or non-seasonal reproductive times.
How controversial is this approach to non-native species?
University of Washington conservation biologist Julian Olden says the distinction between an 'invasive' or 'non-native' species may rely on what we value in an ecosystem. (washington.edu) It's quite controversial, but this is a very tricky field. Ecosystems are always in flux, and there's always change — whether it's environmental shifts or migration or the introduction of new species that change the natural balance of an ecosystem.
More importantly, it comes down to whether something is labelled as "non-native" or "invasive." The label depends on your perspective, and what you value, says Julian Olden.
"For example, zebra and quagga mussels filter out vast amounts of water and make murky water clear," he said. "And clear water is valued by a lot of people who live on shorelines of lakes."
But the mussels also reproduce quickly, and filter out food that is necessary for other organisms to survive — such as fish that people who live along lakes catch and eat.
"So there are competing values in our ecosystems, and non-native species often have different effects on those different values," said Olden.
That's the grey area where scientists really don't like to be — what value system do we place on zebra and quagga mussels? Do we consider them invasive, or just non-native and potentially even beneficial?
What difference does the 'non-native' vs. 'invasive' label make?
It actually makes quite a big difference when it comes to management. Just the terms "invasive" or "invader" imply the species should be stopped. "Non-native," though, is just a migrant into a new habitat. In other words, a simple label could drastically change the outcome to the species in question.
Species like the zebra and quagga mussels are considered to be invasive — and a lot of money is spent trying to eradicate them from the lakes and streams across Canada.
Zebra mussels can be beneficial in that they filter water, but are considered invasive because they reproduce quickly, and filter out food that is necessary for other organisms to survive. (John L. Russell/Associated Press) But here's where things can get even more complicated. What if an invasive species is wreaking havoc on an ecosystem in one area, but is actually critically endangered in its native ecosystem?
This is what is happening to the wattle-necked softshell turtles – they're native to China, and they are endangered. But on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, they are considered invasive. So do we try and eradicate them from Kauai — and potentially doom the entire species?
That was the topic of a recent paper in Conservation Biology. The authors didn't really come to a conclusion, but this kind of questions are hardly black-and-white.
In the end, the debate will continue about what to do about invasive species — if anything.
In the meantime, the prudent management decision from the public's point of view is to keep nature in the balance it has found for itself and don't mess with it. That means making sure you aren't transporting zebra mussels on watercraft between lakes, and pulling garlic mustard when you see it.
The wait-and-see approach on the impact of a new species should be left to the experts.
I'm a fairly casual fan of Egosoft's X series of space simulators. I really enjoyed exploring the great void of space in X2: The Threat and the various X3 games, but I never came close to finishing any of them. Even so, I'm actually quite excited by the prospect of X4: Foundations, the new addition that was teased late last year and finally unveiled over the weekend, which the studio says will be the biggest and most complex X game yet.
Like its predecessors, X4 will be an outer-space sandbox game, enabling players to take the controls of ships ranging from single-seat fighters to massive freighters and capital ships. Factories and stations can be built and controlled, new technologies researched, and wars fought—or you can do what I do and just cruise around in space, looking for interesting things to find and trade.
X4 promises "a much more dynamic universe," as Egosoft's Owen Lake says in the announcement video. "We've given the AI a lot more capability when it comes to managing their fleets, building up their forces, building in new areas, conquering space. And this is something that the player can get involved in as well." That level of ambition could come off as possibly asking for trouble, given the way things went with X Rebirth in 2013 (which is to say, really not well), but it also promises great things for fans of the genre if the studio can properly pull it off.
There's no word of a release date yet, but you can get a more detailed look at where things are headed at x4foundations.com. A free demo of the now-extensively-patched X Rebirth is also yours for the trying on Steam.
Unlike the tranche of
the North Korean population that lives in a state of chronic food insecurity,
the lifestyles of the growing middle class in Pyongyang continue to improve, at least on the surface, a
source from the city has reaffirmed.
The affluent class can part
with many times the average hourly wage of most workers to utilize a
range of recreational facilities built in the city under the rule of Kim Jong Eun. However, in the process of promoting the leadership of the Kim regime in this manner, the authorities also illustrate the stark inequality that is permeating North Korean society.
The source
reported to Daily NK on the 21st, “Wealthy
women can enjoy a game of squash for seven Euro at Geumreung Gymnasium in the
Taedonggang District, which is where a lot of the foreigners in the city congregate. They talk
to the local foreigners as they come and go from the gym, and some are even able to exercise together.”
“The affluent people of Pyongyang live fairly
extravagant lives,” she concluded. “It's not just the expensive exercise
facilities, either; they also hang around in decent restaurants and coffee
shops. Their buying power is hard for most to believe.”
The number of people in this class category is no longer small. According to the
source, Pyongyang's wealthy women tend to be married to certain
types of men: ranking Party cadres and managers for trading companies that
bring in foreign currency, for example. In addition, market economic activity over nearly twenty years has given rise
to a nouveau riche class of “donju,” many of
whom inhabit some of the city's better apartments in the Central and Moranbong
districts.
“Toward the end of last year, the authorities advertised
the new Munsu Water Park and Geumreung Gymnasium, calling them ‘physical and
cultural facilities for the people,'” she recalled. “In
reality, however, they are the preserve of the elite. Entry to the water
park is still prohibitively expensive for other people.”
“The water park is two Euro for locals and 12
Euro for foreigners, but even two euro is a burden for the average citizen,” she said, alleging, “Normal people tend to avoid going as they know they'll have to pay this entrance fee.”
A woman tailgated by a driver for 17 kilometres on a highway after she flashed her lights at him thought her life was on the line.
The distraught woman called police after the man, whose lights were on full beam, did a U-turn to pursue her in North Canterbury.
"I was very frightened, I pretty much went into complete shock, my body was just shaking and I couldn't control my body," said the woman, who did not wish to be named.
Michael Dean Teague admitted a charge of intimidation in the Christchurch District Court on Friday.
Police prosecutor Sergeant Mark Berryman said that at about 10.20pm on April 8, Teague was driving his Mitsubishi Outlander on Glasnevin Rd, Amberley.
The woman flashed her lights because Teague's lights were on high beam and he then braked heavily, did a U-turn and accelerated hard up behind her car in the 100kmh zone.
He pursued so close that all she could see in her mirror was the bonnet of his vehicle.
He continued tailgating the victim for about 3km, while she became frightened and phoned the police.
"I honestly thought I was going to get severely hurt, he was going to ram me off the road and I was going to crash - I felt like my life was on the line."
Teague followed her into Waipara township, where she turned into a dead-end street.
She drove to the end of the street, turned around and stopped. Teague stopped in the middle of the road about 30 metres away with his lights on full beam.
"He just sat there . . . my whole body was shaking, I was petrified, he was just staring at me with his lights on full."
The woman managed to get past him and drove back to State Highway 1 where she headed to Amberley with Teague still chasing her.
She stopped outside the Z service station and Teague turned onto another street and drove away. The woman went to a friend's house and waited for the police.
Police estimated he had chased her for about 17km during the incident.
When police interviewed him, Teague denied any knowledge of the incident. He has no previous convictions.
Judge Tom Gilbert warned Teague he was "potentially in the gun for disqualification" and remanded him at large for sentencing on July 15.
A restorative justice meeting with the woman may be held during the remand.
The woman, who does not want to meet Teague, said the incident had affected her confidence on the road.
"Driving at night I'm afraid, even when someone is coming towards me with their lights on full beam I just grin and bare it.
"I'm worried it might be him or something similar might happen - I'm definitely not as confident as I used to be."
Google Earth Reveals Untold Fish Catches
Close
Large fish traps in the Persian Gulf could be catching up to six times more fish than what's being officially reported, according to the first investigation of fish catches from space conducted by University of British Columbia scientists.
Using satellite imagery from Google Earth, UBC researchers estimated that there were 1,900 fishing weirs along the coast of the Persian Gulf during 2005 and that they caught approximately 31,000 tonnes of fish that year. The official number reported by the seven countries in the region to the United Nation's Food and Agriculture Organization was 5,260 tonnes. The study was published today in the ICES Journal of Marine Science.
Fishing weirs are semi-permanent traps that take advantage of tidal differences to catch a wide variety of marine species. Used in Southeast Asia, Africa and parts of North America, some weirs can be more than 100 metres long.
"This ancient fishing technique has been around for thousands of years," says Dalal Al-Abdulrazzak, a PhD student with the UBC Fisheries Centre's Sea Around Us Project and the study's lead author. "But we haven't been able to truly grasp their impact on our marine resources until now, with the help of modern technology."
The study shows the potential for using remote-sensing approaches, such as satellite imagery, to validate catch statistics and fisheries operations in general.
"Time and again we've seen that global fisheries catch data don't add up," says Daniel Pauly, principal investigator with the Sea Around Us Project and the study's co-author. "Because countries don't provide reliable information on their fisheries' catches, we need to expand our thinking and look at other sources of information and new technologies to tell us about what's happening in our oceans."
The full study can be found here
TAG
Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
© 2019 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Carbohydrate foods are not evil, but we are very reductionist when it comes to nutrition. We need a macronutrient or food to be good or bad. When we label food as good or bad it removes the burden to think for ourselves about how food does or doesn't fit into your own individual context.
As a society, we should have learned from our past mistakes vilifying dietary fat. It seems like many people are making the mistakes these days but with carbohydrates.
When it comes to nutrition, context is king. Everybody has different goals, genetic predispositions, sleep habits, familial medical history, metabolic flexibility, ancestry, stress and activity levels that shape their dietary needs.
Your carbohydrate consumption should be based on your needs and individual context. An athlete is going to require more carbs than a sedentary desk jockey who sits all day.
Those who are obese or suffering from metabolic problems generally don't tolerate carbs very well, so they'll do much better with fewer carbohydrates.
There are many indigenous cultures that eat a carbohydrate-dominant diet such as the Kitavans that are in peak health. The carbohydrates in these indigenous cultures are from nature – not cereal grains, cookies and sugar.
Carbs are not evil but a lot of times the poison is in the dose.
The Good: Carbohydrate Foods That Come From Nature
The sources of carbohydrates that come from nature are rich in vitamins and minerals and are packaged with enzymes that are beneficial to health.
Some great carbohydrate foods to consume are: spaghetti squash, sweet potatoes, white potatoes, plantains, acorn, squash, beets, parsnips, winter squash, cassava, taro root, yams, white rice and gluten free oats.
The carbohydrates that are available from nature do not cause the same kind of blood sugar surges, insulin spikes, hyper palatability or digestive problems like more processed carbs do. Have you ever eaten a bowl of pasta and felt tired/bloated afterwards? You would be hard-pressed to get the same feeling from eating blueberries or a sweet potato.
Carbohydrates do play some important roles in the body. Carbohydrates provide a quick source of energy for muscles, and help to spike insulin to shuttle amino acids into muscles for recovery after exercise.
Glucose is a source of fuel for the brain, but the brain and heart can also be fueled by ketones. Carbs contribute to the mucus that protects your stomach from acid as well!
Where To Go From Here?
Carbohydrates serve a lot of different purposes in the body, but the source and quality of those carbs matter for your health and fat loss. Your intake of carbohydrates should depend on your individual context including your metabolic health, activity level and how well you tolerate carbohydrates.
Experiment with different intake levels to see what works best for you as an individual, you may find a more optimal way of fueling your body you hadn't considered before. Figure out where you fit on the spectrum from highly active athlete to sedentary. This will serve to give you a pretty rough idea of how many carbs you need.
The average sedentary person looking to lose weight could benefit from lowering their carbohydrates and focus on consuming enough healthy fats, protein and vegetables with a serving or starches at night.
Folks who have metabolic problems would do much better going low carb, and should experiment with a ketogenic diet. In a ketogenic diet, the majority of your calories come from healthy fats, moderate protein and a trivial amount of carbs from non-starchy vegetables.
Those who are serious athletes or are frequently engaged in explosive physical activity such as CrossFit or mixed martial arts are going to need a source of starch at each meal for recovery and to prepare for the next training session.
Here Are a Few Benefits of Carbohydrate Foods
● Provides fuel for the brain.
● A quick source of fuel for the muscles.
● Helps to regulate protein and fat metabolism.
● Rich in fiber, which aids in the regular elimination of waste.
● Assists in the growth of body tissues such as bone, skin and muscles.
● Helps with muscle recovery.
Why Gluten-Free Is Not Enough
The switch to a gluten-free diet can be a good transition step, but it's not for everyone and you've got to be careful about the products you're selecting. After all, just because food is gluten-free, doesn't mean that it's healthy or less processed.
Gluten-free has become a marketing term, so many of the gluten-free products you'll find are actually highly processed and contain unnatural additives. Avoid these products at all costs.
If you want to try a gluten-free diet, that's entirely up to you (unless you're actually sensitive to gluten – then you should avoid it at all costs). It can certainly help you avoid processed foods. However, the better step would be to eat single-ingredient foods that you can't find in grocery aisles – produce and meat.
The Only Non-Essential Macronutrient: Carbohydrates
Carbohydrates are digested and broken down into sugars. The sugars from carbohydrates are released into the bloodstream to be used.
But there's no such thing as an essential carbohydrate. Your body can get by without carbs. In the absence of carbohydrates the body uses proteins and fat to create glucose (blood sugar). However, as I stated earlier, completely removing carbs from your diet may work for some, but not others. Keep this in mind at all times.
If you do decide to remove carbs from your diet, make sure you greatly increase the amount of fat you're eating and keep track of your energy levels and mood. If what you're doing isn't making you feel good, tweak your diet until it does.
Great Sources of Carbohydrates
The best sources of carbs are found in nature in their whole form and have not been processed.
● Local and seasonal vegetables and fruits
● Spaghetti squash
● Sweet potatoes
● White potatoes (if you can tolerate them)
● Plantains
● Acorn squash
● Beets
● Parsnips
● Brussel sprouts
● Cauliflower
● Asparagus
● Salad greens
● Parsnips
● Eggplant
● Salad Greens
● Tomatoes
● Berries
● Carrots
● Peppers
● Pumpkin
● Pears
● Radishes
● Kohlrabi
Carbohydrate Foods to Avoid
● Bread
● Pasta
● Chips
● Grains
● Crackers
● Fruit Juice
● Sugar
● Soda
● Sweeteners (especially Agave)
● Breakfast cereals
● Corn
● Alcohol
● Granola bars
● Packaged gluten-free products
● Muffins
● Baked goods
● Oats with added sugar/sweetener
● Energy drinks
● Highly processed “health” bars
Published: June 27, 2017 Updated: June 29, 2017
What an adorable sight to see. Usually we don't see puppies together with their biological parents so it is nice to see this father and his three puppies having such a good time together. The Jack Russell puppies may only be 31 days old but that doesn't stop them from being energetic little guys. They are already play-fighting with their dad! You can tell how much they love each other. Their dad loves spending time with them and just wants to continue to play with them.
How can this not make you happy? It is such a heartwarming moment and the bond they have is incredible. Jack Russell puppies are very energetic dogs that love to work. As you can see, they are definitely getting to work when it comes to play-fighting with their dad! With all of them playing around, it's probably best to have some dog shedding tools nearby. There can be a lot of loose hairs flying around!
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 13/4/2017 (684 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Change can be difficult. Many of you know the changes I went through as my former community Plessis IGA grocery store was replaced by a new Sobeys store across the street.
It was emotionally challenging and difficult to accept that the new “corporate store” would better serve the needs of Transcona. While I may not have been the most enthusiastic supporter of the change, it's now difficult to deny that the neighbourhood is better served by the newer store with its enhanced hours, larger selection and more jobs for the community.
Before last year's Manitoba election, I was often asked, “What are you going to do to fix health care?” My answer was clear: we will respect the advice of experts on how to improve the system. The changes our government is making to improve Winnipeg's health care system align with independent consultant Dr. David Peachey's report, which was commissioned by the former NDP government.
What do these changes mean for Transcona?
Formed in 1998 in Osaka, “aggressive psycho-rhythm” four-piece Cyberne (pronounced cyba-neh) has much in common with another leviathan of the metal underworld, The Melvins — if not musically (though both band feature twin drum-kits, bass, and guitar), then certainly in their approach to music.
Both bands have carved a niche no other can occupy. Both enjoy confounding the listener's expectations with experimentation.
At a Cyberne show, the only thing you can be assured of is that their performance will blow your brain clean out of your skull, rooting you to the spot, jaw hanging open, and trickles of blood coming out of both ears.
Both The Melvins and Cyberne's non-conformism and determination to do whatever the hell they want musically has influenced a generation of bands in their respective countries as well as overseas. Both navigated a number of lineup changes, yet managed to retain the essential core of their sound even has they move forward to the next new idea.
And the leading personalities in these bands share a similar sardonic wit that subverts pretension. Asked whether there was anything unique about Osaka that could be responsible for producing radical acts like Boredoms or Acid Mothers Temple, bassist/vocalist Kenji Nakamura says, quite seriously: “Osaka has way more idiots than Tokyo.”
Other staple interview fare is happily short-circuited: “Our ambition with the band is to get rich.”
Stepping off the stage after a show recently and draping a sweat-soaked arm around my shoulder to oblige a request for a photo together, still totally wired from performing, he grins.
“Just have fun.”
The analogy breaks down when considering discographies: one has a massive catalog of studio recordings, and the other has yet to find the right time, the right place, and the right set of circumstances to be able to reach a bigger overseas audience on a major label. Maybe it's not even something they're interested in pursuing.
So far, Cyberne has only one full-length (sold out, but thankfully still digitally available) album Law, originally issued by French label Basement Apes; four EPs denoted as “Demo material” (also sold out and not available to download), and a handful of tracks on split records and compilation albums for various local and overseas labels.
Asked what the band would hypothetically do if given a Sleep-sized budget – replete with cash for amps and a mountain of weed – what epic vision they might lay down on tape, Kenji suggests that for Cyberne, music is about journey and not destination.
“I'm not really interested in Sleep,” he says. “We wouldn't make music if we had new amps and weed. And I think that we wouldn't make songs if we had enough money and time. If I knew what our ‘epic vision' was, I'd quit music.”
Recently, family commitments forced long-serving guitarist Akira to call it quits (he continues on with international touring act and fellow Osaka-based hardcore metal band PALM). But with as-yet-unrecorded material now filling Cyberne's setlist, and with drummers Takuya Myojo and Ryo Kondo moving in to fill the space with crushing polyrhythmic intensity, I wonder if the band is entering a new phase musically.
“Our musical direction hasn't changed by Akira leaving the band,” Kenji asserts. “But we lost a shredding lead guitarist, which was tough for us.”
What about the songwriting process? Is there a source for the anger and sense of frustration that comes through in the music?
“We lost a shredding lead guitarist, which was tough for us.”
“I don't consider anything specifically when we are making songs and playing. But if you feel something, it might be true. There are countless things that piss me off every day, but I forget them immediately, so I don't think there is much influence from ‘real life' that is related to our music.”
So it's a mirror on the listener rather than some kind of cathartic self-expression?
“I've never thought about whether our music is self-expression or a mirror,” says Kenji. “So I leave everything to the listener. I have my own way of thinking, like an insistence in my mind. I think that I shouldn't impose that on others.
“And as for writing material, we just wing it,” he laughs.
Law by CYBERNE
Known for leaping from thrash to math to doom to '90s-style hardcore in the space of a single song, the band frequently builds and then smashes apart intricately wrought prog-metal structures with naked animal aggression. I wonder what kind of music, if any, informs Cyberne's own sound? What about influences outside of music?
“The influences on our music that aren't musical are too numerous to list, so I can't really answer. Probably I am influenced in some way by everything I like. There are no bands that I want to follow. But the music that inspires me includes '90s thrash metal, grunge, alternative rock, '60s and '70s progressive rock, that kind of stuff. If I listed every band, there would be too many to count.”
Cyberne has a deep and long-established friendship with a number of underground bands in Australia, which grew out of mutual admiration and the Internet. This in turn led to supporting each other on tours in both countries. Groups of people from the two scenes now hang out at every opportunity. I ask Kenji if there is any difference in how audiences overseas receive Cyberne's music, and if there were any similarities between the indie scenes Melbourne and Osaka.
“Foreign audiences are more forthright than Japanese audiences,” he decides. “When we have good shows or bad shows, they react and show what they feel. I also feel that foreign audiences don't need to know all about a band beforehand in order to enjoy their music live, in contrast to Japanese audiences.
“We played shows with many bands from Melbourne in Japan and Australia … Fire Witch, DEAD, Spider Goat Canyon …. We have been to Australia twice.
“I never heard car horn while we were staying there. I think that means that Australians are tolerant, and I think Australia is very comfortable country.
Law by CYBERNE
“When we have a show in Japan, the venue is paid quite a lot of money, it's that kind of structure, so it costs bands a lot of money to do a show. That excepted, I think there is little difference between the underground scenes in Australia and Japan.”
With Cyberne currently playing a lot of shows in Japan with other rising stars of the Japanese heavy music scene — such as W.D.L.K, Earth Federation, DISGUNDER, The Donor, Endon, and Tainted Dickmen, and no shortage of new songs, is the band getting ready to record a new album?
“We don't have any information to release regarding a new album at present. We are going to contribute a song to a Japanese compilation album for Tokyo's TILL YOUR DEATH Records this year,” says Kenji. “And we are planning to release a split 7-inch vinyl album with DAIGHILA from Malaysia.
“When we're ready to release a new album on a Japanese label, we also want to release it on foreign label, too. And we want to tour overseas again as soon as possible.”
This new compilation — the concept title being “Till Your Death Volume III: Japanese Chaotic Hardcore” — promises to be an absolute must-have, and will feature new material from bands including ANCHOR, Dead Pudding, Cyberne, NoLA, Redsheer, Kallaqri, URBAN PREDATOR, weepray, Wombscape, and Ashita No Jokei to name a few. An essential snapshot of some of the most innovative players in the Japanese underground hardcore scene, the release date is scheduled for late autumn/summer with mail order available through Till Your Death records.
Follow Cyberne on Facebook. Show information and more on the Cyberne website. For releases, check bandcamp or you may get lucky on discogs.
Until then, content yourself with Cyberne's Law — a couple of years old now, but still a stunning document of a band in the throes of inspired madness, easily the equal of any heavy band currently acting on the world stage. It's available to download at bandcamp , where hopefully, soon, it will be joined by a full-length recording of Cyberne as they are now: bursting with energy, swimming in ideas, and loving every moment.
— Story by BB. Translation by Yasutomo
Three judges of the US Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit surprisingly rejected the appeal of Susan Abeles — a Washington, DC Orthodox Jew, who was punished by the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (MWAA) — because she took off work for the last two days of Passover in 2013.
Abeles' closely watched case was the subject of friendly amicus briefs by the National Jewish Commission on Law and Public Affairs (COLPA), the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty and the American Jewish Committee. Ms. Abeles' lawyer is Nathan Lewin, the well-known advocate for Jewish religious rights.
For each of the 26 years that Abeles worked at the MWAA, she took off for all Jewish holidays on which work is prohibited, including the last two days of Passover. Everyone at her job knew that she was an Orthodox Jew. She consistently gave her supervisors a list of the dates of Jewish holidays at the beginning of each calendar year, and her supervisors accepted that list as a request for annual leave on the specified holidays.
In 2012, new supervisors appeared. Ms. Abeles provided them with a list of the Jewish holidays on which she would be absent and also, at their request, specified the holidays in their Outlook calendars. On the Friday before the last two days of Passover in 2013 (which fell on Monday and Tuesday) she was unable to speak with her immediate supervisor because that person was out on annual leave. So, Abeles sent an email reminding the next supervisor in the chain of command. That supervisor replied with an email that affirmatively said, “Thanks.”
But when Abeles returned to work, she was slapped with an unexpected five-day suspension for missing those two days. Abeles sued. The case was transferred to a Virginia federal court on the Airports Authority's motion.
In a 16-page decision written by Judge Allyson Duncan, the court declared, “We conclude that MWAA did not discriminate against Plaintiff on the basis of her religion in violation of Title VII.” The Airports Authority argued that Ms. Abeles had failed to follow a formal “Leave Policy” procedure under which her immediate supervisor had to explicitly approve her leave in advance. That “Leave Policy” had not been invoked during her previous 26 years' employment.
The Airports Authority also said that it was exempt from the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, because it was technically a “regional authority,” not a Federal agency. Attorneys for the Airports Authority defended the suspension on the asserted ground that Abeles was an “insubordinate” and “mediocre” employee, notwithstanding the record of awards and high performance ratings she received during her tenure.
During oral arguments late last year, an exasperated Lewin, appearing on Ms. Abeles' behalf, abruptly declared: “Your Honor, I'm an Orthodox Jew. When I've worked for people, I've given them a list of what the Jewish holidays are at the beginning of the year. And they know that means I'm going to be out for those days. This is a phony response by [the agency] saying, ‘We didn't know why you would be out.' Of course, they knew why she was out. Everybody in the whole company knew that she was a Sabbath observer and for 26 years had been absent on Jewish holidays.”
He added, “To penalize her even though she has listed them and has notified her supervisors on the day before she was gone — we submit that's outrageous.” In his argument to the court, Lewin also called the Airport Authority's punishment an “ambush” of Ms. Abeles.
Eric Rassbach, deputy general counsel of the Becket Fund, quipped, “It takes some chutzpah for the government to punish a Jewish woman for celebrating Passover. It takes even more chutzpah to say that they are the only government agency in DC exempt from our civil rights laws.”
In a highly unusual move, the court delivered its denial in a so-called “unpublished decision,” which cannot be cited as precedent in any future cases in that circuit. When the ruling was handed down on January 26, 2017 as “unpublished,” legal experts opined that the unusual status “reduced the likelihood that it would be noticed or criticized by lawyers.” A copy of the unpublished decision was obtained by this writer. When asked, Lewin stated that he knew of no other Federal appellate “unpublished” ruling that was so lengthy and detailed.
A clearly shocked Lewin promised to file a petition requesting review by the entire roster of active judges of the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and, if necessary, seek review by the Supreme Court of the United States. Lewin's father-daughter team has been before the Supreme Court 28 times, including for the famous “Jerusalem Passport” case. The undaunted litigator promised, “This decision will not stand.”
Edwin Black is the New York Times bestselling author of IBM and the Holocaust, Financing the Flames and The Farhud. He can be found at www.edwinblack.com.
Try mentally lining up all of your stuff in one place. Some may gather only few pots and blankets while others probably couldn't fit everything they own into a stadium. Chinese photographer Huang Qingjun explores this topic in his photo series called “Jiadang,” or “Family Stuff”.
For the last 10 years, Huang has been traveling around China's rural communities and capturing pictures of families with their household possessions carefully arranged outdoors, usually in front of their houses. With this project, Huang seeks to portray the lives of people living in remote rural areas, far from big cities where wealth is the most important social factor. His pictures show the simplicity of people's basic needs: all most of them have been a few chairs, drawers, buckets and vases. However, we can also see the impact of modernization because almost every family owns a satellite TV, a DVD or a phone.
As the photographer says, “most people thought what I was proposing was not normal. When I explained I wanted to set up a photo, that it would involve taking everything out of their house and setting it up outside, that took quite a lot of explaining. But almost all of them, when they realized what I was trying to do, they understood the point.” Now Huang Qingjun is considering a new approach that might feature portraits of China's higher classes.
Website: huangqingjun.com
The rise of online performance marketing has been a revelation for the advertisement industry, but it's far from perfect. Campaigns frequently suffer from ROI-impacting problems like click fraud and severely delayed payments. CROMhub is a blockchain-based solution that eliminates those issues by enabling instant, transparent, and secure transactions via the Ethereum blockchain.
How Does CROMHub Work?
CROMhub uses tokens (CROM) to allow for seamless tracking of a wide range of digital advertising events and the accompanying payments for those events via a smart contract. In the current ecosystem, negotiating payments is a lengthy process that involves a long series of communication steps between advertisers, intermediaries, and publishers, and it often culminates with bank transfers that can take weeks to reach their destinations, reducing liquidity for all of the involved parties.
CROMhub's system essentially cuts out a lot of the steps of this process and vastly speeds the transfer of funds by arranging projects via a transparent, secure smart contract and optionally moving money in the form of the CROM token, which transfers faster and has lower fees than a traditional bank wire. Instead of spending weeks or months waiting on a back-and-forth process that will end in 3%-6% losses in transfer fees, CROM's system allows for the resolution of marketing transactions in minutes with fees of 1%-3%.
The CROMhub system is designed with businesses in mind, so it will use APIs to integrate seamlessly with existing advertising and management systems. And from an advertiser's perspective, there are obvious advantages. Advertisers will pre-pay for campaigns, locking up their funds in a CROMhub smart contract. That eliminates the possibility of extra sales causing budget overages, and in the event of fraud on the part of a publisher, the advertiser can recall their funds. If all goes well, the funds are transferred instantly via the blockchain upon completion of the campaign.
Networks and publishers also benefit from the CROMhub system, mostly in the form of its faster, cheaper transactions increasing liquidity and eliminating the need to offer credit, in addition to offering increased transparency and security. CROM token holders, even if they're not involved at any point in the marketing chain, can still benefit by trading the tokens on exchanges. CROM ownership confers benefits to parties in the marketing chain on CROMhub's system, so demand for the token is likely to be high.
The Current Token Sale
As of this writing, much of CROMhub's vision has yet to be realized – the startup is currently engaged in its ICO, which will conclude on December 15, 2017. There will be a fixed supply of 10 million CROM ERC20 tokens; 2 million have already been distributed to pre-ICO investors, and 4 million are available during the ICO period. The token is priced at 0.1 ETH (about $44 as of this writing), and sales will continue until the 15th or until they hit the 6 million CROM hard cap.
CROMhub says it plans to make the token available for trading on exchanges within a few weeks of the ICO concluding. Then the company will buckle down and focus on building the tech with the funds it raised, aiming to release its first fully-functional product in Q3 2018.
CROMhub's Prospects
With any still-to-be-realized blockchain project, a lot rides on the quality of the team. Thankfully, CROMhub's founding team is well-credentialed, with decades of marketing and entrepreneurial experience between them. The company's tech team is similarly experienced, and the startup is also being advised by industry experts including Silicon Valley investor and former AdMob VP Niren Hiro.
CROMhub isn't without competitors in the blockchain marketing space – AdEx, adToken, Adshares, QChain, Basic Attention Token, etc. – but the CROMhub team believes that while many of these projects have merit, they don't address the same problems as CROMhub and thus aren't likely to be obstacles to CROMhub's success. CROMhub's laser-like focus on becoming a clearinghouse for settlement and tracking in the digital marketing industry make it a front-runner for what it estimates is a $6.8 billion market.
After a seven-year hiatus, Mega Man is finally back with a new experience on modern consoles. However, is Capcom's adorable blue robot here to stay or is Capcom just testing the waters? We talked with the development team at Capcom to get a better sense for if fans can expect more Mega Man projects coming down the line anytime soon.
Why Was There Such A Long Break After Mega Man 10?
In less than a quarter century, Man Man had appeared in over 100 titles, but after the release of Mega Man 10, and creative leader Keiji Inafune announced he was leaving the company to begin work on new projects like Recore and Mighty No. 9. Capcom then canceled its existing Mega Man projects, and the blue bomber began to fade into the background. Fans began to wonder if Capcom had forgotten about this classic gaming icon.
“To be honest with you, when Inafune left it was a difficult atmosphere within the company,” says Mega Man 11 producer Kazuhiro Tsuchiya. “It was difficult for somebody to step up and say, ‘I really want to work on Mega Man.' Inafune-san was definitely a brand leader for the franchise. He helped pave the way for its success, and he had a lot of brilliant ideas. That's an absolute truth. So when he left, there was a sense of emptiness, and a sense that no one was appropriate to pick up the mantle and pave a new vision for Mega Man.”
Does Mega Man Still Matter to Capcom?
Mega Man used to be Capcom's biggest brand, but since the creation of Resident Evil and Monster Hunter, that is no longer the case. However, Mega Man is still important to Capcom.
“I still feel like Mega Man is one of the important pillars of the company,” says Mega Man 11 director Koji Oda. “At the end of the day, we asked ourselves, ‘What does Capcom need to do for its fans? Should we act like Mega Man is a thing of the past? Should we toss him aside?' I felt like that would be a foolish gesture. Inafune-san was a very important component to making Mega Man a success, but Mega Man is such a treasure to the company that it would be a waste to let him go because someone left.”
Would Capcom Consider Making another 3D Mega Man?
Mega Man 11 is sticking close to the series' roots, but that doesn't mean Capcom wouldn't consider taking the series in a bold new direction. In fact, early on in the development of Mega Man 11, Capcom considered doing something different with a new Mega Man game.
“You could build a mountain with all the different concepts we came up with, but we want to make sure that whatever we implemented would maintain that simplicity and durability of gameplay,” says Oda. “It's called Mega Man 11, but there was actually a heavy amount of discussion to get us to that point. A lot of us asked, ‘What do we want to call this? Do we want to take it in a brand-new direction and call it something totally different?' At the end of the day we decided we wanted to be as straightforward as possible and tell people this is what you've been waiting for.”
Can We Expect A Mega Man 12?
Sequels are usually dependent on the success of the game that came before them, so the fate of a Mega Man 12 will largely depend on the success of Mega Man 11. However, Capcom is hoping that Mega Man will come back in a big way.
“This is definitely not just a trial balloon, we're definitely not experimenting,” says Mega Man 11 producer Kazuhiro Tsuchiya. “We don't even have the bandwidth to experiment. This is all about pouring everything we have and everything we know into one project and making it happen. We're using our prior experience and knowledge to strengthen ourselves and reach the next level. From the start of the project I've been saying, ‘Mega Man 11 needs to be a true resurrection of the franchise.' I really want this title to be something that veterans can pick up and say, ‘Yes, Mega Man is finally back.'”
What about The Mega Man X And Legends Series?
Obviously, Capcom isn't ready to announce any new games outside of Mega Man 11, but if this game does well it could lead to a revival across the brand. In fact, we specifically asked members of the team if they were interested in also working on any of Mega Man's other side franchises.
“I'm one of those people who think that actions speak louder than words,” says Oda. “I could say all kinds of things, but at the end of the day, I'd like fans to see that we're taking it seriously by starting to resurrect the brand in the way that we are and to continue to prove ourselves moving forward. I love reading survey data. It's a great pastime, and I'm well aware that there is a voice out there that wants something new for games like Mega Man Legends and Battle Network.”
Click on the banner below to enter our constantly-updating hub of exclusive features on Mega Man 11.
Image copyright House of Commons Image caption Mr Miliband says MPs should vote on Article 50 but not seek to block it
Ed Miliband has rejected calls for another referendum on Britain's EU membership.
The former Labour leader told ITV's Peston on Sunday June's Leave vote must be respected and there was "no question" of the UK staying put.
Some Labour and Lib Dem MPs have said they will oppose starting formal Brexit talks unless ministers promise a subsequent vote on the eventual deal.
Mr Miliband also called for curbs on freedom of movement rules in the UK.
The government is appealing against a High Court ruling which stated that it must seek the consent of Parliament before it triggers Article 50 - the mechanism by which member states leave the EU.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said his party will not seek to "frustrate" the Article 50 process but several of his MPs have said they will oppose it if a vote is held in the House of Commons early next year.
While supporting calls for a parliamentary vote on Article 50, Mr Miliband said he did not agree with MPs threatening to withhold their support unless certain conditions were met.
Despite sympathising with the 48% of Remain voters who felt "angry and frustrated" by the outcome, he said the result could not be overturned.
"We had a referendum and we've got to respect the result. We are leaving the EU."
Mr Miliband said his focus was on getting the government to reveal more details about its plans and that a parliamentary vote was the best way to do that.
'Hard Brexit'
But he suggested a vote against Article 50 could make the prospect of a "hard Brexit" - a phrase which assumes the UK will leave the single market as well as the EU - more likely.
"If we cede the field and we say 'we're the people who want to reverse the result', then there are two choices in Britain: hard, destructive Brexit, or reversing the result. I know what's going to win - hard Brexit's going to win."
Image copyright PA Image caption Both Jeremy Corbyn and Ed Miliband campaigned for Remain during the EU referendum
Asked if he agreed with the UKIP leader Nigel Farage that anything other than "hard Brexit" - the UK exiting the European single market as well as the EU - would be "a betrayal", Mr Miliband said: "Nigel Farage might be our liaison with Donald Trump, but he doesn't get to decide UK government policy as far as I know."
He continued: "The reality is there are lots of different modes for Britain outside the EU. There's Norway, there's Switzerland, there's Turkey in the customs union outside the single market."
Freedom of movement
Mr Miliband's comments bring him into conflict with Lib Dem leader Tim Farron, who has demanded a second referendum on the terms of the final settlement agreed, describing this as a "red line" for his party's MPs and peers.
Speaking on Sunday, Mr Corbyn said Labour would hold the government to account during parliamentary debates on Article 50 but not stand in the way of invoking it.
"We will respect the referendum," he told the BBC's Andrew Marr show. "Therefore, there is going to be a departure from the European Union.
"We will demand that we have market access, workers' protection, consumer protection, environmental protection, justice issues through the European Court."
In the ITV interview, Mr Miliband also said the current unrestricted right of EU citizens to live and work in the UK would have to come to an end - a stance that potentially puts him at odds with his successor Jeremy Corbyn.
"If you are asking me should we carry on with free movement as was, I don't think we should. I do think in the Brexit negotiations we have got to look for change in terms of free movement.
"One of the things from the referendum is that free movement cannot carry on exactly as it did before."
The government has said it wants controls on freedom of movement, something EU leaders have said would be incompatible with continued membership of the single market.
If someone asked you to guess which right fielder provided the most value on the defensive side of the ball last year, the only logical answer is Jason Heyward. Heyward was so far above his compatriots that you almost wonder if he was simply not supposed to be a right fielder and that Fredi Gonzalez's lineup card handwriting was somehow confusing the players and sending them to the wrong positions.
Heyward posted 32 defensive runs saved and a 24.1 ultimate zone rating in 1317 innings in right field. No one else was even in the ballgame, but if you had to guess who was second, it might be a little more difficult. Enter Kevin Kiermaier. Kiermaier's 14 DRS and 16 UZR in right field landed him at second on a list of right fielders sorted by DEF, which is UZR and the positional adjustment.
DEF is a cumulative statistic, meaning more opportunities can lead to higher numbers. Heyward's DEF was 17.3 and Kiermaier's was 13.3, but Kiermaier played just 526.1 innings in right field last year. If you convert those marks to a rate statistic, say UZR/150, then Kiermaier rockets up to an insane 56.6 UZR/150 while Heyward settles just above 20. By the numbers, Kiermaier was the most dazzling defender we saw in right field last year.
Now, obviously you shouldn't make too much of Kiermaier's 500 inning sample as far as the actual numbers are concerned. No one is a +50 DEF player, save maybe for the most elite defensive catchers, and I wouldn't even use these numbers to suggest Kiermaier is a better defender than Heyward. That isn't the point.
But if you go back to 2003 and look at right fielders who played at least 500 innings in a season, Kiermaier's 2014 campaign isn't just the best by UZR/150, it's the best by 17.2 runs. Out of the 365 player-seasons in that sample, the UZR/150 standard deviation is around 14, so it's not surprising that we see these big outlier seasons. It's a noisy proposition to measure defense.
But 56.6 is more than four standard deviations above the mean and that kind of thing just doesn't happen by random chance. Kiermaier's a good defender, which you know if you watched him, looked at the numbers, or listened to anyone who knows the game. The actual numbers are fun for how outlandish they are, but you don't need them to get the main idea: Kiermaier's glove is outstanding.
This year, he's going to get a chance to play center field and if you factor in some normal regression and then try to convert his right field numbers to center field, it's not crazy to think he could be a +10 center fielders over a full season of work. There's a fair amount of uncertainty in estimating something like that, but I've heard similar reports from people in the game with access to better information.
So even if we're extremely conservative and call him a +5 in CF, when you factor in replacement level, the positional adjustment, and a run or two of base running value, we're talking about a 2-3 win player if he's merely a league average hitter. Last year, we had him at 4.0 WAR in 364 PA, which is something like 6.5-7.0 WAR over a full season. Even with conservative estimates on his glove, he's an above average player, but if you allow for him to truly excel in center and repeat what he did at the plate last year, you're talking about a superstar player. How likely might that be?
Just a year ago, Kiermaier was 8th on Baseball Prospectus' list of Rays prospects. Our Marc Hulet had him 13th. And the Rays farm system isn't the star-studded cast it used to be. Everyone raved about his glove, but questioned the bat, suggesting that his upside was second-division starter thanks to that defense, but most likely he would just find time as a role player. What happened between then and now?
Kiermaier hit well in Durham and got promoted to Tampa Bay where he put his glove on display, making plenty of highlight reel catches. The defense didn't surprise anyone, but seeing it work at the major league level certainly solidified that side of the projection next to excellent marks using DRS, UZR, RZR, and Inside Edge.
With the bat, however, Kiermaier had a terrific stretch, providing a 119 wRC+ without a high BABIP (.306). He walked a little less than average and struck out a touch less too while hitting for a nice bit of power (.187 ISO). He didn't set the world on fire, but he had 34 extra base hits in 364 trips to the plate, which is pretty remarkable for someone who can also save as many runs as he can on defense. He hit much better against righties than lefties, but in such a small sample It's hard to judge the true split, and even if he has one, it's better to struggle against lefties than righties.
He's aggressive on pitches in the zone, but doesn't chase or swing and miss any more than the average player, at least he hasn't to date. The Fan Projections love him, as they often do with breakout players, but oddly enough they expect his offense to repeat and his glove to cool off, for whatever that's worth.
The obvious concern with Kiermaier is that he's never showed this much power in the minors and his production at lower levels was driven by a high BABIP, indicative of a fast player hitting against lower caliber defenses. There's plenty of room for his bat to regress, with Steamer and ZiPS splitting between 96-102 wRC+ over a full season. On the lower end of things, I've heard skeptics in the game suggest a 90 wRC+ is more likely.
But even if he's 10% worse than average at the plate, his elite defense in center makes him a valuable asset to the Rays. It seems like at worst Kiermaier is a 2 WAR player and could realistically be a 4-5 WAR player if the bat is anything like what we saw last season. He had a great opening series against the Orioles, and it's easy to miss the fact that he won't turn 25 for two more weeks.
Defense and speed peak early, so he's not going to be a plus infinity defender forever, but players with his kind of value on that side of the ball just need to make minor offensive strides to become really excellent players. It's not a perfect comparison, but I actually think putting him side by side with Manny Machado is pretty interesting.
Name PA HR BB% K% ISO BABIP Manny Machado 1266 33 4.6 % 17.3 % 0.155 0.316 Kevin Kiermaier 364 10 6.3 % 19.5 % 0.187 0.306
Name AVG OBP SLG wOBA wRC+ BsR Off Def WAR Manny Machado 0.278 0.313 0.434 0.326 104 -3.2 2.1 47.5 9.8 Kevin Kiermaier 0.263 0.315 0.450 0.333 119 2.0 9.5 15.5 4.0
The sample size is obviously a limitation here and we won't know anything definitely for another year or two, but Machado is considered one of the bright young stars of the game with a pretty similar skillset as Kiermaier, even though his prospect pedigree is a little more impressive.
At worst, the Rays have a really useful player and at best they may have a cornerstone player who hits well enough to wind up as a reduced version of the only men, Alex Gordon and Jason Heyward, who played the kind of corner defense that Kiermaier did last year.
American Horror Story fans will like this news: EW has learned exclusively that AHS all-star Sarah Paulson will reprise her season 1 (!) role of psychic Billie Dean Howard in the season finale of AHS: Hotel. Loyal viewers will remember that Bilile Dean was a confidante of Jessica Lange's Constance in the first incarnation of AHS.
That means Paulson will be playing two different roles — Sally and Billie Dean — this season. Her costar, Finn Wittrock, has done something similar on Hotel, portraying both Tristan and Rudolph Valentino.
In the finale, we'll learn that Billie Dean has her own reality series focusing on her psychic abilities and comes to the Cortez thinking it would be prime setting for an episode.
AHS: Hotel has already connected itself to season one's Murder House by way of realtor Marcy and Dr. Montgomery, who treated Lady Gaga's The Countess years ago.
American Horror Story: Hotel airs Wednesdays at 10 p.m. on FX.
Harambe, the primate corpse that Weird Twitter just will not leave alone, now has a video game: Harambe vs. Capcom. This is not just a silly video, it's a real game, for PC.
In Harambe vs. Capcom, the gorilla has psychic powers and is forced underground when he is warned that some "shadow agency" wants him dead. Harambe fakes his own death, abetted by his psychic powers that convince the media he was killed at the zoo. Then he goes looking for Ryu, who will fly him to safety in his native land but apparently must be defeated first.
This game must be downloaded and is playable only on PC. It's a 352 MB file and is available here.
The roster appears to be 21 characters long, with three mystery characters. Evil Ken, Urien (who, incidentally, comes to Street Fighter 5 this month) Hugo and Shin Vega also guest star.
The announcement trailer is above and it is outstanding. The title song is by Lex Lingo & Klopfenpop. Richie Branson is the "lead asshole who forced this [game] on the world, according to the readme file. Solar Slim curated its soundtrack.
Branson and Slim, along with the artist Plush Giant, are Otaku Gang, a self-described underground culture collective whose works include composing and performing music and developing satire video games. They were behind — among many other works — the Fallout 4 mod that put David Ortiz in the game (before Major League Baseball shut it down over licensing issues.)
Server Deployments: week 9 – recap
As always, please refer to the server deployment thread in the forums for the latest updates / changes.
On Tuesday February 25th, the Main channel was updated with the server maintenance package previously on all three RCs, which comprises the following:
Fix for BUG-5034 “If an EM restarts a region and then teleports out immediately, the EM will disconnect just after teleport”
Fixed a rare case in which e-mails read by LSL scripts immediately after rez or region change would sometimes be missing the message body
Fixed some crash modes.
On Wednesday February 26th, the BlueSteel and LeTigre Release Candidate channels were updated with an infrastructure update, with no functional changes. The Magnum RC received the same infrastructure update and had the server-side AIS v3 code is enabled. As noted in part 1 of this report, the new AIS code is designed to improve performance and reliability when changing outfits, but is reliant on new viewer code, which is currently available from the Lab in the Sunshine Project viewer (of which mor below), and will doubtless start appearing in TPVs soon.
While no details were given, the infrastructure updates deployed to the RC channels are apparently system changes to make simulators easier to manage.
TP Developer Meeting Video
A TPV developer meeting took place on February 28th. The core items discussed in the meeting are reported below, with timestamps in the relevant paragraphs indicating the point at they are discussed in the video embedded here. My thanks as always to North for the latter.
SL Viewer Updates
Release Candidates
The “Project Interesting” interest list RC viewer updated to version 3.7.3.287127 on February 26th
The Maintenance RC viewer updates to version 3.7.3.287263 on February 27th.
[0:29] These updates put both of these viewers on a par with the current release viewer, and both are doing “well” in terms of low crash rates, but as Oz Linden said at the TPV Developer meeting on Friday February 28th, “it's still early days”.
Upcoming Release Candidates
[0:43] The Google Breakpad viewer is expected to reappear as a release candidate “pretty soon”. The last version of this viewer had significant issues related to Windows XP, and so a “different tack” will be taken to handling XP and older versions of Windows with the next update, XP itself having a “truly horrific” crash rate for the viewer. However, and to ease any concerns, the “new tack” doesn't involve blocking Windows XP systems from accessing Second Life.
[2:33] The Breakpad update is described as being “important” for TPVs to pick-up and include in their own code, in order to ensure viewers are all reporting stats in the same manner.
[6:48] Both the Sunshine (AIS v3) project viewer and the Merchant Outbox project viewer are expected to move to release candidate status very shortly. These are described as being in the “last stages of the QA pipeline”, and so will be entering the viewer release channel, once again increasing the number of RC viewers vying for promotion.
Project Zipper Viewer
[7:20] On Wednesday February 26th, the Lab issued the “Zipper” project viewer (version 3.7.2.286810), designed to speed-up viewer installation time (cutting it by roughly 50% in a clean installation on my own PC) – from 35.6 seconds to 16.4 seconds. Most of this appears to be the result of compressing / combining files, and there have been questions raised on whether doing so might result in an actual performance hit.
It is anticipated that this viewer will also be shortly rebuilt as a release candidate viewer in the release channel.
Other Viewer Projects
[9:12] Group Bans – as I've noted in part 2 of this week's report, the viewer-side code for Group Ban (lists) should be appearing as a project viewer in week 10, ready for the Group Ban functionally to be tested on Aditi
[10:07] Oculus Rift – the Rift viewer is still with LL's QA team.
Vivox Update
[12:11] As noted in my week 7 report, there have been a number of issues with regards to voice in SL, particularly of late, and Vivox had reached out to the Lab to assist with these issues. Investigations had shown that a fair number of problems were related to viewers using older versions of the Vivox SDK (SLvoice.exe plugin).
The Lab has now received a new update of the SDK (version 4.6.9) from Vivox, and as Oz promised at the last TPV Developer meeting, the repository continuing the autobuild packages for the new voice modules has been made available to TPVs, so that they can carry out testing of new voice updates in parallel with LL, rather than having to wait for the Lab to build, test and release new voice plugins.
It is hoped that the new update is binary compatible and has no related viewer code changes, so it might be possible for TPVs to simply repackage existing versions of their viewers with the SDK so that anyone performing a fresh download with get the updated voice capabilities (and hopefully put an end to any voice problems they may have been experiencing, particularly if they are on a lossy network connection.
Ed Merryman, who has previously reported severe voice issues (see the videos contained in my notes for the December 14th 2013 Firestorm Q&A), and who is running a recent Firestorm test build which uses the new SDK, reports it has completely eliminated his problems.
As well as hopefully resolving issues encountered when using older versions of the SLvoice plugin, this new update should also reduce the amount of latency experienced when using voice.
On the Lab's side of things, it is hoped that the SDK will feed through the release process and into their own viewers “pretty quickly”, with the hope that it will also be picked-up relatively quickly by TPVs.
Other items
JIRA Re-opening
As reported here, and in keeping with Ebbe's promise of more open communications, it was announced on Friday February 28th that the SL JIRA will be re-opened to public scrutiny in week 10 (week commencing March 3rd), although exactly when this will happen is unclear.
There may also be an update coming down the pipe for the JIRA system itself; however when this may occur – if it occurs – is unclear.
Viewer Crash Mode
[4:54] Latif Khalifa has caught a nasty viewer crash situation which is probably being missed by the viewer crash reporting process. Essentially, when shutting down, the viewer saves the inventory cache, which is passed through Gzip, which has a memory requirement. If the viewer is running on a 32-bit system which is low on memory, Gzip can run out of memory and crash during the inventory cache compression process , which can lead to a corrupted inventory cache the next time the viewer is re-started. There are potential ways of avoiding this issue, and Latif has been asked by the Lab to pass on his findings so that they can take a closer look.
Fitted Mesh and Unsupported Joints
[32:20] The Singularity team has been investigating some of the issues around some video drivers rendering fitted mesh items stretching off to the 0,0,0 point in a region. Their work suggests part of this problem may (or may not) lie with mesh garments which include unsupported joint names.
This prompted the question as to why the simulator allows unsupported joint names to be uploaded, and Oz commented that the Lab “probably should” be looking toward filtering content that is “out of spec” before it gets to anyone else on the grid. This likely means that in the near future the mesh upload process will be made “more robust” on the server end of things such that if the Lab doesn't recognise something (such as, as an example a custom joint name), items using that “out of spec” element will be blocked from being uploaded.
Feature Request: Allow Intra-region/parcel TP When a Landing Point Exists
A feature request has been put to the Lab to allow estate and parcel owners to select whether intra-region / parcel teleports can be used when a landing point has been set (e.g. to allow visitors to use a double click to teleport option in the viewer to move between parts of a region / parcel without being routed back to the landing point). It's not clear if such a feature will be added, but Maestro commented that it could be configured to present an additional option through the Teleport Routing in the parcel controls option could have a new option.
I'll provide any updates on this should it become apparent the work is being carried forward.
Advertisements
A general view of Tesoro's Los Angeles refinery. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Crude oil prices are diving to levels we haven't seen in years.
Gasoline, a product that's derived from refining oil, is also seeing prices fall. But the pace of decline is not near what we're seeing in oil.
While there is a time lag between when oil is drilled and pumped and when it's refined into gasoline and delivered to consumers, the discrepancy between oil and gas prices has been increasingly significant.
In one year, gas prices have dropped 23%, from $3.55 a gallon, according to data from the EIA. During that time, oil prices have slid from $94 a barrel to around $40 today, a decline of 57%, nearly double the drop in gas prices.
GasBuddy.com
Refining is an intensive, costly process
One of the biggest reasons for this discrepancy is what refiners are doing with the crude oil they receive.
In order to be suitable for a car, crude oil has to go through a refining process. Occasionally these refineries break down or operate below their capacity, creating a bottleneck in supply that causes gas prices to go up.
According to weekly refinery research from Blake Fernandez and Leonard Raymond at energy-investment firm Scotia Howard Weil, however, supply is just fine.
Scotia Howard Weil Their research shows that refinery utilization in the US is above both the five-year average and 2014 levels, at around 95%.
Also, refineries in four out of the five regions designated by the EIA are operating above their five-year averages.
So, like crude oil, it seems that refined petroleum is experiencing a supply glut.
The difference is that while oil producers are getting squeezed by low oil prices, the refiners are cleaning up on the difference between their oil costs and the selling prices of their refined products.
Refiners are cashing in on the crack spread
For oil producers, or the upstream businesses, low oil prices mean lower profits. But for refiners, or the downstream businesses, crude oil is a cost. So, if crude oil prices are falling faster than the prices of refined products like gasoline and jet fuel, refiners could actually see profits surge.
This is all capture in something called the "crack spread," which is the difference between what refiners pay for the crude oil they bring in and the price of the petroleum product as it goes out. This spread, or refining margin, is hitting multiyear highs.
According to Fernandez and Raymond's report, crack spreads per barrel for East Coast, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refiners are all above their five-year ranges. The Chicago crack spread, while below the five-year high, is above 2014 levels.
"To-date downstream margins have been supported by declining crude prices largely on the heels of excess supply, while demand has remained robust," said the analysts.
East Coast crack spread is measured using the cost of six barrels of Brent crude oil and subtracting the price of three barrels of gasoline, two barrels of fuel oil (used mainly for home heating) and one barrel of residual oil. Scotia Howard Weil
The West Coast refining margin has jumped from $16.85 a barrel in the third quarter of last year to $36.47 so far this quarter.
The East Coast spread has gone from $8.75 during 3Q of 2014 to $13.45 so far in 3Q of 2015.
Chicago's spread has jumped from $20.55 in 3Q of 2014 to $25.08 so far this quarter.
Fernandez and Raymond explain that part of this margin widening is due to the fact that some large companies refine their own oil.
The EIA reported in June that for the first quarter of this year, integrated companies' upstream profits were down 80%, while downstream profits were the highest in years.
"Profits in the downstream sector, however, were the largest for any quarter since third-quarter 2012, almost $6 billion (95%) higher than in first-quarter 2014, which offset some of the decline from the upstream segment," said the EIA.
Refinery stocks are going bonkers
Independent refiners are doing very well these days. Valero, an independent US refiner, reported a $1.1 billion increase in earnings in the second quarter of 2015 over last year from refining operations:
"The $1.1 billion increase in refining-segment operating income in the second quarter of 2015 compared to the second quarter of 2014 was due to higher margins on gasoline and other refined products (e.g., petroleum coke, propane, and sulfur) relative to Brent crude oil, partially offset by lower discounts on sour crude oils relative to Brent crude oil," said their quarterly filing.
Another refiner, HollyFrontier, posted operating profits of $589 million in the second quarter of 2015, up from $296 million during the same quarter last year, according to the company's SEC filing. The gain was made despite the fact that the sales revenue for the company decreased 31% year over year for the quarter, to $3.7 billion this year from $5.4 billion last year.
The company was able to do this in part due to the drop in cost of goods sold, mostly crude oil, for which the company paid $1.8 billion less — all while increasing refinery utilization from 99.1% to 100.7%. This accounted for approximately half of the costs cut for the company in the quarter.
"Overall gross refining margins per produced product sold increased 20% and 17% over the respective three and six months ended June 30, 2014," said the filing.
So, while the S&P 500 has lost money for investors, refinery stocks have been surging. Check out this chart of refining giants Valero, Tesoro, and Holly Frontier.
Google Finance
So while the refiners are saving from the lower price of oil, a good portion of that is not being passed along to consumers and is instead being added to the crack.
Not Your Average Prom Portraits
toggle caption Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Prom season is here. And there really isn't a more hyped event in high school social life. There's the fashion, the flowers, plans for the future and, of course, the after party. Photographer Mary Ellen Mark, now 72, recalls her 1958 prom with fondness.
"There I was, looking so perfect and happy facing my future," she tells NPR host Audie Cornish. "I was fascinated by my own prom pictures."
Hence her latest book: Prom, a collection of 127 portraits from 13 schools across the country, shot between 2006 and 2009.
Hide caption Hunter Johnson and Anna Nodine, Austin, Texas, 2008: "This is the first night we're officially allowed to be within 6 inches of each other, so it's really exciting," says Nodine. Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Ruben Jared Seraballs and Idayary Zeno, New York City, 2007 Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Nikka Simmons and Isiah Merrill, Newark, N.J., 2006 Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Samantha Monte and Khalil Samad, Staten Island, N.Y., 2006: "I had a lot of problems with a lot of girls that weren't my race," says Monte. "I just tried to ignore it." Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Shane Kammauff and Jenna Zschaebitz, Charlottesville, Va., 2008: "I'd like to do something with my time, like write a novel or make a great discovery or do something to really change the world," says Kammauff. Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Rickeyla Johnson and Paul Hedrick, Charlottesville, Va., 2008 Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Andy Dunlap and Helen Alston, Charlottesville, Va., 2008: " 'Sparks' keep coming up — like, 'When did you guys really spark?' No, it just sort of happened," says Alston, "and it's nice." Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Michael Gonzales and Veronica Castillo, Houston, 2008 Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption Christina Chang, Austin, Texas, 2008: "I'm actually a nominee for Miss Westlake, which is the senior girl who has contributed the most to her school in terms of leadership, character, honesty, improvement to the school and its individuals," Chang says. Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark
Hide caption David Alagem and Lorraine Nicholson, Los Angeles, 2008 Previous Next Courtesy of Mary Ellen Mark 1 of 10 i View slideshow
Mark is known for more serious documentary work — prostitutes in Mumbai, street kids in Seattle — as well as similar portraiture like her previous Twins book. To her, this fits right in.
"I think the prom is very serious also," she says. "It's an American ritual, it's a rite of passage, and it's very much a part of this country."
To capture the prom seriously, Mark lugged around a 400-pound Polaroid 20x24 Land Camera — not quite the point-and-shoot parents typically use expressly to embarrass their teens on the front steps.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Michael Nichols Courtesy of Michael Nichols
"It's just an amazing camera that captures incredible detail," she says. "You can't pick it up and take a snapshot with it."
Prom by Mary Ellen Mark and Martin Bell Hardcover, 162 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Each photograph is a big deal, an elaborate production — kind of like prom. And so, while some of the teens in Mark's book are dancing or laughing, most stare straight at the camera, perhaps more self-aware than one might expect.
Though they probably have no idea what it means to be photographed by Mary Ellen Mark, no matter. Their expressions reveal the complexities of that age — still their parents' children, they are hurtling toward adulthood. They demand a closer look, to be taken more seriously.
The photos contrast quite dramatically with the more humorous documentary produced by Mark's husband, Martin Bell, which accompanies the book. Various prom-goers make coy suggestions about after parties. They roll their eyes at drama. They send texts midinterview, say "like" and smack gum.
But they also speak earnestly about love, about fashion and image, about how hard they worked to get there — and what they hope for the future.
"What was so touching about so many of these kids was their enormous optimism," says Mark.
"I think I'll have done something worthwhile with my life," says Shane Kammauff of Charlottesville, Va. "I think I'd like to do something with my time, like write a great novel or make a great discovery, or do something to really change the world."
Did you want to change the world at 16? Have you managed to do it yet?
Superpowers is a completely new way to make 2D and 3D games. Built with Web technologies, Superpowers's core provides an extensible infrastructure for all kinds of collaborative tools.
Jam together in real-time! Your teammates don't need to install anything.
Just give them your project's URL and the password.
Your teammates don't need to install anything. Just give them your project's URL and the password. No Internet connection required. Your projects are stored on your computer.
You can work on your own while offline, on a plane, at the beach...
Your projects are stored on your computer. You can work on your own while offline, on a plane, at the beach... The Web runs everywhere and so will your Superpowers games.
Run Superpowers on Windows, OS X and Linux.
Export games to Windows, OS X, Linux, Android or iOS!
and so will your Superpowers games. Run Superpowers on Windows, OS X and Linux. Export games to Windows, OS X, Linux, Android or iOS! Improve and extend Superpowers yourself. Using HTML5, CSS and JS.
Even the built-in tools are just plugins you can replace.
Using HTML5, CSS and JS. Even the built-in tools are just plugins you can replace. Upgrade your scripting with TypeScript , a superset of JavaScript.
Use types for robustness if you want, and when you don't, it stays out of the way. Plus you get the latest goodies from ES6, today.
, a superset of JavaScript. Use types for robustness if you want, and when you don't, it stays out of the way. Plus you get the latest goodies from ES6, today. Batteries included! Superpower comes with a host of plugins.
Leverage the JavaScript ecosystem: 2D and 3D physics with Cannon.js and p2.js, networking with Socket.IO, tweening with Tween.js, and much more.
Superpower comes with a host of plugins. Leverage the JavaScript ecosystem: 2D and 3D physics with Cannon.js and p2.js, networking with Socket.IO, tweening with Tween.js, and much more. Asset packs to get you started. Make your first games with quality sprites, backgrounds, sound effects and tracks.
1000+ assets, including Space shooter, Ninja Adventure, 3D Characters, 3D Vehicles, Layered Backgrounds, Medieval Fantasy, Prehistoric Platformer, Top-down Shooter, Western FPS 2D
Free and open source!
We're a team of 3 working out of Strasbourg, France. We love to jam and have been designing game-making tools for several years. You can choose to support our work on Superpowers with a donation if you want, or by subscribing to us on Patreon.
We release big updates with new features and plugins quite often. Every buck helps us keep development going and move closer to the ultimate gamedev platform. Thank you so much! - Pixel-boy, Bilou and Elisée
Check out our development log
Play games made with Superpowers
Watch the video demo to see it in action
Release notes — Getting Started — Community — Newsletter
Emilie Autumn Give Away Contest
Hello, Plague Rats and Muffins! I'd like to announce She Fights Like A Girl's first Tumblr contest! After giving away an autographed postcard during a Facebook Like Challenge, I thought it was time to share the love on Tumblr.
The rules for this contest are quite simple:
Like or Reblog this photoset (one or both options, it doesn't matter)
Follow She Fights Like A Girl
The Prizes:
Liar/Dead is the New Alive Jewelcase EP (valued at $50~)
A sample of “Basil's Brew” from the Asylum Emporium Tea line
The winner will be chosen at random once this blog reaches 1,111 followers. Currently, we're at 747. Note that you must be following the blog to be eligible to win the prizes. You can only reblog once a day.
Any person from any country can win. If your shipping ends up being ridiculously high, I may ask you to chip in for half. However, I don't think this will pose any problem, as the package won't be very heavy.
Please spread the word! Post information for this contest in your favorite EA facebook group, on the Asylum Forums – anywhere at all! The more people that participate, the quicker you might win.
Good luck!
EDIT: THIS CONTEST HAS ENDED.
Google Photos may have started as a part of Google+, but since splitting into a standalone product, it has to move quickly to introduce new features and improvements to keep users engaged. The latest update to v1.5 didn't bring any visible changes to the app, but it does include evidence of some interesting changes we can look forward to in upcoming releases.
Disclaimer: Teardowns are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete evidence. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. There is always a chance that details may change or plans may be cancelled prior to the launch of a new feature discovered in a teardown. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced. Disclaimer: Teardowns are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete evidence. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. There is always a chance that details may change or plans may be cancelled prior to the launch of a new feature discovered in a teardown. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced.
Album Collaboration
As things stand today, the Photos app is basically good for managing your own photos, creating variations like animations and panoramas, and sharing these things with your friends and family. The general theme, however, is that everything is distinctly focused on the things you can do with your photos.
There's basically no automatic workflow for putting together shots taken by multiple people. It's obviously not that hard to share pictures and import your favorites, but that's still a bit too laborious for a lot of us.
A new feature called "Collaboration" is in the works. Users will be able to create an album and share it with other people just like they do today, but with an additional option to let everybody modify and add to the contents if they choose to. While enabled, other people can join a Collaboration and treat it just like their own albums, and every member will automatically get updates to the content. There are even notifications when a change is made.
Collaboration Strings <string name="photos_share_link_copied">Link copied to clipboard</string>
<string name="photos_share_link_copied_collaboration_off">Link copied to clipboard. Collaboration is on.</string>
<string name="photos_share_link_copied_collaboration_on">Link copied to clipboard. Collaboration is off.</string>
<string name="photos_share_link_created_and_copied_collaboration_on">Link created & copied to clipboard. Collaboration is on.</string>
<string name="photos_share_link_created_and_sent_collaboration_on">Link created & sent to %s. Collaboration is on.</string>
<string name="photos_share_link_sent_collaboration_off">Link sent to %s. Collaboration is off.</string>
<string name="photos_share_link_sent_collaboration_on">Link sent to %s. Collaboration is on.</string>
<string name="photos_share_link_sharing_options">Sharing Options</string> <string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_add_photos_get_update_prompt_text">Add photos & get updates</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_app_upgrade_recommended_dialog_skip_button">Cancel</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_app_upgrade_recommended_dialog_text">This album requires a newer version of Google Photos to display all the content</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_app_upgrade_recommended_dialog_title">Update Google Photos</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_app_upgrade_recommended_dialog_upgrade_button">Update</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_get_update_prompt_text">Get album updates</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_join_button">Join</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_join_failed_message">Join album failed</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_join_success_message">Joined album</string>
<string name="photos_remotemedia_ui_sharing_options">Sharing Options</string>
There doesn't appear to be any concept of roles or selectively restricting which people can edit an album. If Collaboration is enabled, anybody with the link can open up an album and do anything they like with the contents. It's also not clear if a Collaboration can be independently disabled, but since it's already possible to revoke a regular shared album, it's likely that this capability just hasn't been implemented yet.
Collaboration would obviously be new to the web interface, so we can expect to see it launch there and on mobile (Android and iOS) at about the same time. That means a launch will occur with either a server-side switch or the rollout of a new update, but since v1.5 only has a few possibly related layouts and no obvious images, I doubt it will happen with this version.
I doubt there will be any link to the Google+ Event feature that allowed participants at an event to automatically post all of their photos directly to the event stream for all invitees to see, but it seems like a great thing to integrate in the future.
Labeling People
One of the best features of Google Photos is the amazing power it has to clearly identify people and objects in our pictures. However, there are a few things missing, like actually attaching names to people. Five new layouts were added to this release that this won't be an issue for much longer. The words "people_labeling" appear at the beginning of layout names.
people_labeling_activity
people_labeling_auto_complete_item_view
people_labeling_autocomplete_fragment
people_labeling_fragment
people_labeling_search_box
These layouts also finally make use of some strings that were added in an earlier release:
<string name="photos_search_peoplelabeling_header">Who is this?</string>
<string name="photos_search_peoplelabeling_subheader">Add a private label to search by name</string>
<string name="photos_search_peoplelabeling_avatar_content_description">Avatar icon for people album</string>
<string name="photos_search_peoplelabeling_search">New name</string>
There's not much to interpret from what little is here, but it's pretty obvious we'll be able to name the subjects of our photos fairly soon. The code doesn't appear to actually make use of these layouts yet, so we'll have to wait at least one more version to see this feature go live.
Google Cast
Consider this an update, because there have been signs of Google Cast support since one of the first versions of Photos, but now we've got some more bits and pieces. There are five images and a new string, all of which are completely standard. The v1.4 update also contained another Cast-related addition, but not much else to speak of.
<string name="photos_pager_menu_cast">Cast</string>
Considering everything related to Google Cast support has been showing up piecemeal, it's starting to feel like the developers are intentionally teasing it out. Considering the sheer number of people who have complained in app reviews (and our own comment section) about not being able to use Photos with their Chromecast, and the fact that it was possible when Photos was part of the Google+ app, it seems like this should be a pretty high priority by now.
Perhaps there are some legitimately big improvements coming to the Cast feature that go beyond the simple slideshow offered by the Google+ app. Since rumors are swirling about an updated Chromecast (or two) to be announced on September 29th alongside one or two new Nexus Phones, maybe we can expect some apps (e.g. Photos and Play Games) to launch their Cast support at the same time.
In the meantime, let the waiting recommence...
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
File Name: com.google.android.apps.photos-1.5.0.103330409-79821-minAPI14.apk
Version: 1.5.0.103330409 (79821)
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
March 1, 2016, 5:00 PM GMT / Source: TODAY Contributor By Lisa Flam
It's easy to understand that you might not catch every word of the pre-flight announcements on a red-eye flight home after a Las Vegas vacation and a long wait at the airport.
Eric Sadiwnyk had closed his eyes and was half-listening to the pilot's words before flying back to Pennsylvania with his wife, Lisa, in January. But when he heard the pilot mention them by name, he realized this was no ordinary announcement.
Lisa and Eric Sadiwnyk visit the Hoover Dam during their trip to Las Vegas. Little did he know the surprise that was to come once their trip was over. Lisa Sadiwnyk
Lisa learned she was pregnant during their Vegas trip and kept the happy news to herself for nearly three days, surprising Eric with the help of the pilot, who read a note she wrote.
“Well Eric, although you didn't strike it rich here in Las Vegas, you did hit the jackpot,” he announced before takeoff on their Jan. 13 flight. “Congratulations. You're about to be a dad.”
The passengers burst into applause, and when Eric, 32, realized the news, he shared a kiss with Lisa, 27, and both began to tear up, a moment she caught on video.
“By the time he said my name, and ‘Congratulations, you're pregnant,' I looked to her and she was crying and I was crying,” Eric recalled. “I was shocked at first and I was excited.”
Although it was hard to keep such a big secret, Lisa wanted the moment to be extra special and unique.
“I don't get a lot of opportunity to surprise my husband, and it's such a happy surprise,” she said. “I just thought it would be fun to really catch him off guard and surprise him with great news.”
Mission accomplished. Eric says that after spending about seven hours at the airport before their American Airlines flight, he was resting in his seat during the announcements, and was unsure of his seat number, which the pilot called out as he started to read Lisa's letter.
“It was pretty shocking only because I wasn't paying that much attention to what was going on,” he said. “The last thing you expect is for him to be talking to you.”
Lisa and Eric Sadiwnyk on vacation in Las Vegas in January. Lisa Sadiwnyk
Since the couple, who live in Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania, had been trying to start a family, Lisa prepared for a possible plane reveal on the way home, packing the typed note for the pilot.
Before they boarded, she told her Eric she was going to get snacks but instead found two crew members and asked for their help. “They were a little wary at first but when I told them why, they were super-excited,” says Lisa, who is due in September.
They arranged for Lisa to give the note to them once she boarded, by pretending it was trash.
When it was showtime, the pilot let everyone know something special was about to happen.
“‘This is going to be a big YouTube moment,'” he said, according to Lisa.
Noting that his warmup was not part of her plan, Lisa says the pilot and crew exceeded her hopes for a great reveal.
“He could have just read it monotone and like every other airline announcement,” she said. “He really went out of his way to make it special for us and the whole crew that took my letter. They definitely went over and above and I hope they had fun with it, too.”
TODAY.com contributor Lisa A. Flam is a news and lifestyles reporter in New York. Follow her on Twitter: @lisaflam
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has already had a rough week - but it got a little worse on Saturday when SNL turned him into Forrest Gump, courtesy of actress Kate McKinnon.
The former Alabama Senator was transformed into Tom Hanks' dim-witted but lovable oaf as he told his story to a series of strangers on a bus bench - including Vladimir Putin, played by Beck Bennett.
'I didn't know what to do,' McKinnon's Sessions said of the recent revelation that he'd been speaking to Russian representatives, despite claims that he had not.
'So my lawyers said, "Run, Jeffy, run!" So I started running and running, and I ended up all the way at this bus stop sitting here with you.'
Scroll down for video
Parody: Kate McKinnon (right) appeared as AG Jeff Sessions in SNL, playing him as a parody of Forrest Gump. And of course, Beck Bennett was back playing Vladimir Putin (left)
The sketch began with a string of gags about the similarities between Sessions and Gump.
They both 'got to meet the president' and shake his hand - though in McKinnon's Session's case it was Trump, not JFK.
The comedian then appeared to take particular delight in mimicking Trump's strange, jerky handshakes.
And in a moment that referenced Gary Sinese's injured war veteran, Sessions boasted about having a friend with no legs - holding up the infamous photo of Kellyanne Conway kneeling on the Oval Office sofa during a meeting.
'I always say life is like a box of chocolates,' McKinnon's Sessions mused to Leslie Jones' bystander. 'Sure are a lot of brown ones in there!'
Racist: McKinnon's Sessiosn was portrayed as casually racist, commenting: 'I always say life is like a box of chocolates. Sure are a lot of brown ones in there!'
In real life, Sessions announced Thursday that he would recuse himself from the investigation into Trump's staff's alleged dealings with Russia because he himself had spoken to Russian officials on a series of occasions.
So it's no surprise that McKinnon's Sessions had plenty to say on the subject.
'This whole mess began with a congressional hearing,' McKinnon said, after Jones' bystander was replaced by another person.
'A senator from up north started asking all these questions about Russia and if I ever talked to 'em, and I got so nervous and confused.
'I got as worked up as a double-donged piggy in a room full of sows. So I said, "No, I never talked to any Russians ever and that's all I got to say about that.'
Seconds later, to another person at the bus stop: 'I talked to the Russians. Twice.'
Best pal: Sessions held up a pic of his pal Kellyanne Conway, saying she had no legs - a reference to Forrest's friend Lt. Dan, who lost his legs at war
'You know, I talked to a fella who turned out to be Russian on account of he was the Russian ambassador.'
'His name was Sergey Kislyak. Now I remember any name with the name "Gay kiss" in it.'
'I was the only one who talked to the Russians,' McKinnon went on - before stringing out a list of Trump staff who've been accused of talking to the foreign power: Michael Flynn, JD Gordon, Jared Kushner, Carter Page and Paul Manafort.
'I just gotta prove to everybody that I don't have any ties to the Russians whatsoever,' she added, before Bennett's Putin appeared and warned her: 'This meeting never happened.'
'I wasn't gonna remember it anyway,' McKinnon replied, with a fist-bump.
The final arrival at the bus stop was Octavia Spencer, playing Minny Jackson - the outspoken maid from The Help, for which she won an Oscar.
Bad taste: Octavia Spencer closed out the episode as her character from The Help, giving Sessions a chocolate pie with her own poop baked into it
'Are you Jeff Sessions? The one Coretta Scott-King wrote that letter about?' she asked.
King, who was Martin Luther King Jr's wife, opposed Sessions' appointment to federal judgeship in 1986, writing that he 'used the awesome powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters.'
In 1985, as US Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama, Sessions had prosecuted three black community organizers for voter fraud - leading to complaints that he had not done so in white communities.
'My name's Minnie. You don't know me, I'm from a different movie,' Spencer said, before handing him a chocolate pie.
McKinnon's Sessions then took a big bite from the pie - little knowing that Spencer's character in The Help was in the habit of baking her own excrement into it.
'Mmm, my favorite!' McKinnon's Sessions said, with glee.
Review: The Space Shuttle Program: Technologies and Accomplishments
The Space Shuttle Program: Technologies and Accomplishments
By Davide Sivolella
Springer-Praxis, 2017
paperback, 360 pp., illus.
ISBN 978-3-319-54944-6
US$44.99 A recent study confirmed what many had long thought about the Space Shuttle: it was a very expensive vehicle to operate. That study found that it cost $272,000 (in 2017 dollars) for the shuttle to ferry one kilogram of cargo to the International Space Station. By contrast, Orbital ATK's Cygnus can do it for half that cost, while SpaceX's Dragon is even cheaper, at $89,000 per kilogram (see “A tale of two rockets”, The Space Review, November 13, 2017). With assembly of the ISS complete, it made little fiscal sense to continue operating the shuttle. The shuttle, though, was far more than a cargo truck for the ISS. While limited almost exclusively to ISS assembly and utilization flights in its final decade, the shuttle in its early years was a far more versatile vehicle, carrying out missions ranging from satellite deployment to on-orbit servicing to dedicated science missions. In The Space Shuttle Program: Technologies and Accomplishments, Davide Sivolella reviews those various applications that, for many, are long forgotten. The original requirements for the shuttle included no capability for doing spacewalking, since NASA envisioned the shuttle as more like an airplane that would take off, deliver its satellite, and return to Earth. The book examines those various uses of the shuttle on a chapter-by-chapter basis, after an introductory chapter on the development of the shuttle itself in the 1970s. These include the obvious uses like repairing the Hubble Space Telescope and launching (and occasionally retrieving) satellites. There are also chapters on science and technology development missions, Spacelab and other science missions, commercialization efforts like the payload specialist flights of Charlie Walker, and military shuttle missions (about which, decades later, little is still known.) The assembly of the ISS isn't included in the book, beyond a chapter on experiments in early shuttle flights about on-orbit assembly of structures, critical to the later assembly of the station itself. While the topics may be familiar ground for many readers, Sivolella offers some interesting insights about the various uses of the shuttle. For example, the original requirements for the shuttle included no capability for doing spacewalking, since NASA envisioned the shuttle as more like an airplane that would take off, deliver its satellite, and return to Earth. The success of the spacewalks to repair Skylab after its launch convinced many in the agency that it would be useful to have that capability, which in the subsequent decades became essential to human spaceflight. But for all the technical success that many of those applications enjoyed, they were ultimately not programmatically successful. The Challenger accident took the shuttle out of the satellite launching business, but even if it hadn't the shuttle was becoming less competitive compared to expendable rockets. The military, reluctant to make use of the shuttle in the first place, also ended its use of the shuttle a few years after the post-Challenger return to flight. Scientific research could be done better on the space station or robotic spacecraft, and satellite servicing outside of its use on Hubble was limited (there's renewed interest in satellite servicing today, but using robotic systems, particularly on satellites in geostationary orbit beyond the reach of the shuttle.) So, despite this versatility, was the shuttle a mistake, as then-NASA administrator Mike Griffin said in 2005, a comment included in the book's final chapter? Sivolella disagrees. “Although the idea of the Space Transportation System was faulty, the Shuttle was a remarkable flying machine and will remain one of the most sophisticated creations of humankind for a long time,” he writes. It was, he acknowledges, too far of a leap from Apollo-era capsules to the shuttle, but said that the shuttle might have been more successful had it received more funding in its development. Those limited budgets, he said, “forced NASA and the US aerospace industry to accept onerous requirements and settle for the least expensive solutions, even though it was readily apparent they were not the best in engineering terms.” There seems to be no rush by the United States, other countries, or other companies to develop something with the versatility—and complexity and cost—as the shuttle. The versatility the shuttle demonstrated over the course of its history, despite its cost and other problems, won't be duplicated any time soon, or perhaps ever. Home
Getty Images
The Vikings announced that Case Keenum will be starting at quarterback against the Browns in London on Sunday, but the team is waiting to make a call on three other offensive starters.
Wide receiver Stefon Diggs, left guard Nick Easton and left tackle Riley Reiff are all listed as questionable for the game on the Vikings' final injury report of the week. Diggs has missed the last two games with a groin injury, but got in a pair of full practices to end the week and Keenum talked about having him back in action.
“He's a playmaker,” Keenum said, via the Pioneer Press. “He's a huge playmaker … It's big for the offense.”
Reiff, who is dealing with a knee injury, has also been a full participant the last two days while Easton, who has missed two games with a calf injury, has been a limited participant. Cornerback Mackensie Alexander and wide receiver Michael Floyd are also questionable to play for Minnesota.
March 31 (UPI) — At least 22 people died and dozens more were injured after an explosion outside a Shiite mosque as people gathered for Friday prayers in Parachinar, Pakistan, officials said.
Between 50 and 70 people were wounded in the blast, which happened in a busy Noor marketplace. A surgeon at a hospital in Parachinar told Dawn News the hospital registered 22 bodies, including women and children.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of the Pakistani Taliban, formally known as Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, took responsibility for the attack.
Some officials said the explosion was likely caused by a car bomb left outside of the women's entrance of the mosque. At least five people who were injured are in a critical condition, Al Jazeera reported.
The Pakistani army deployed a helicopter to take those injured to a hospital. In a statement, the Pakistani Prime Minister's Office said Nawaz Sharif “strongly condemned the bomb blast … that resulted into the loss of precious human lives and injured many others.”
The office said Sharif sympathized with the affected families and prayed for the deceased and those injured. The office said Sharif “reiterated his government's unflinching resolve to eliminate the menace of terrorism from the country at all costs.”
”The network of terrorists has already been broken and it is our national duty to continue this war until the complete annihilation of the scourge of terrorism from our soil,” Sharif said in the statement.
On Tuesday, Neil Young is set to unveil his long-gestating high-quality digital music player Pono at SXSW. But before he introduces it to the public, details have been announced. The device, called PonoPlayer, will reportedly cost $399 and come with 128GB of memory. They'll start taking discounted pre-orders on March 15 via Kickstarter.
The press release (via Computer Audiophile) notes that the PonoPlayer, developed in collaboration with Ayre Acoustics, can store "about 100-500 high-resolution digital-music albums, depending on the resolution and length of the original recording." For those of you who speak audiophile, it's reportedly made with zero-feedback circuitry and a digital filter that stops "unnatural pre-ringing". Memory cards will be available for storing and playing additional collections of music.
PonoMusic is the device's accompanying desktop-based "media management" system, which allows customers to download and sync music to player. They'll reportedly offer "the finest quality, highest-resolution digital music from both major labels and prominent independent labels". Their online store will also offer "PonoMusic recommended earbud and headphone products".
Though details are currently limited, people have shared their skepticism about the early numbers. For example, commenters on Computer Audiophile have voiced concern about file size and compression considering the storage capacity.
In his book Waging Heavy Peace, Young talked about the early days of Pono (when he called it "PureTone"), saying, "An MP3 has about five percent of the data that can be found in a PureTone master file." More recently, he wrote, "Hearing Pono for the first time is like that first blast of daylight when you leave a movie theatre on a sun-filled day."
Update: An earlier version of this story indicated that Pono could store 1000-2000 albums. This has been corrected.
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swansea City's chief operating officer Chris Pearlman believes the club and Swansea Council are making good progress in discussions over the lease of the Liberty Stadium, with leader Rob Stewart hoping an agreement is weeks, rather than months away.
Plans for the Premier League club to acquire the lease of the stadium in order to help boost their commercial operation were first revealed in March, and both sides had initially been hopeful of a deal being concluded quickly.
However, the then-upcoming council elections and Swansea City's battle to avoid relegation from the Premier League ensured the matter had to be placed on the backburner until those events were concluded.
Even so, the club and the local authority had been thought to be a long way apart in their respective valuations of an annual fee for the lease. WalesOnline understands those valuations were some £1million apart.
The Swans hope negotiating a lease will allow them to capitalise on their status as a top-flight club, and they would look to explore stadium expansion and naming rights deals.
"I would say conversations are moving along in a very positive manner with the council," said Pearlman.
"I do not want to jinx it and there are still matters to be dealt with but since the end of the season and the council elections there are has been a renewed focus from all parties to sort something out.
"I am cautiously optimistic we are moving the right way.
"The reports we were far apart in terms of valuation was accurate, but we may have found some ways to bridge the gap that are beneficial to all parties."
But Pearlman was quick to state that there is no rush to getting a deal completed before the new season commences in mid-August, and insisted the club will not be rushed into accepting a deal that is not in the best interests of all parties involved in the discussions.
"It would be great to have it done before the start of next season but that is not realistic," he said.
"It would be great to have the parameters of an agreement ironed out before then but we are not under a massive time crunch to do a deal.
"We are not going to do a bad deal, and we will go from having much less risk to more risk.
"We see big opportunities to more effectively monetise the stadium and do what we want to do with expansion, but we do not need to do it tomorrow.
"We don't want to wait, but we are not going to do a bad deal. We are all keen to figure it out, but these things take time, these things are complex.
"So coming to an agreement that benefits all parties is what we want, that is out there but it takes a bit of time to figure out how that works."
The council built the £27 million Liberty Stadium in 2005, and would retain its role as landlord if the Swans were to sign a lease.
Council leader Rob Stewart said: "We will continue to work towards the right deal for the people of Swansea who invested £27million to build the stadium.
"We want to see the Swans and Ospreys continue to be successful. We believe a deal which gives the clubs more commercial freedom to make a success of the stadium while giving the taxpayer a fair return is within reach.
"Ideally we would like to come to an agreement within weeks rather than months."
The day-to-day running of the stadium, including commercial activity, is the remit of Swansea Stadium Management Company (SSMC), of which the council, Swansea City and the Ospreys are each one-third members.
It is believed Swansea City and the Ospreys have already broadly agreed the terms of how any deal would work between the two organisations.
President Vladimir Putin announced today that he supports a proposal to develop federal legislation that would clarify the government's understanding of “the Russian nation.”
“What we absolutely can and must implement — we need to be thinking about this directly and begin working on this in practical terms — is a law on the Russian nation,” Putin announced on Monday at a meeting of Russia's Council for Interethnic Relations.
Putin told the council that the government currently lacks a “special structure” to deal with ethnic issues at the national level, according to the Interfax news agency.
“The fundamental question,” Putin said, “is coordination among the different agencies that implement the state's national policy. There are ten at just the federal level. Add to that the structures at various regional and municipal levels. But cooperation between them is sometimes extremely low, inefficient, and ill-suited to continuous coordination with scientific and expert organizations.”
The president added that he hopes the government's coordination problems could improve with the help of a “state program” now being developed by his cabinet.
Several thousand protesters have started gathering at Tahrir Square for a mass protest organised by Salafist forces scheduled to start after Friday's noon prayer to demand that Egypt's new constitution be based on the "rules of Islamic Sharia."
Many demonstrators have arrived in chartered buses from provincial areas.
On Thursday night, protesters built a huge stage inside the square with banners demanding the enforcement of the "law of God".
"We promise the prophet of God that we will sacrifice ourselves for the sharia of God," read one of the banners.
The protest, which was called for by a number of Salafist groups including Al-Gamaa Islamyia and the Salafist front, also calls for the dismissal of the Prosecutor General.,
Meanwhile, Egypt's most influential Islamist groups the Muslim Brotherhood and the Salafist Al-Nour party announced that they will not participate in the protest.
On 2 November, a preliminary protest was held in Tahrir by thousands of Islamist youth to prepare for Friday's protest.
Short link:
DURHAM, N.C. — A new generation of American voters has few if any profound political memories of any president other than Barack Obama, and that appears to be having an effect on how they perceive their choices for his successor.
A new GenForward survey suggests millennials as a whole disapprove overwhelmingly of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, and interviews with college students in the battleground state of North Carolina found many first-time voters see the 70-year-old real estate mogul as offensive, unprepared and even racist.
Advertisement:
About 60 percent of those voters age 18 to 30, meanwhile, approve of the job Obama is doing.
Yet those sentiments don't necessarily benefit Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, 68, raising questions about whether the former secretary of state can generate the same level of support among an age bracket that helped Obama win two terms.
Here's what some millennial voters have to say about Clinton, Trump, Obama and the state of the nation.
---
Duke University graduate student Jennifer Lenart, 23, is considering third-party choices, arguing that another Clinton administration would be dominated, fairly or not, by controversy and gridlock:
"I do like her, but because of what I keep hearing, it's too much, too overwhelming. I'd rather start from a clean slate so we don't have to deal with this anymore."
Advertisement:
---
Joey Abbate, a 21-year-old varsity wrestler at Duke, describes himself as a Republican unhappy with the state of the nation. The California native will vote for Trump, but says he isn't confident in his choice:
"There needs to be some change, and I don't really see that coming with Clinton. ... I know there would be some change with Trump. I just don't know whether it would be good or bad. It's tough to know because he doesn't have any political background. I feel like with Trump you're almost in the dark, you know. ... With Clinton you kind of know what you're getting."
---
Thayer Atkins, a 20-year-old Duke student and varsity wrestler from Texas, says he's a Republican who opposed Obama's re-election and will vote for Trump, but he doesn't "fear" another Democratic administration:
"While some things have happened I don't agree with, I don't really think that's the case that we're going down the tubes. ... I'm not sitting here saying, 'If Hillary gets elected, that's the nail in the coffin. We're done.' I just think she gets us farther away from where I think we need to be."
Advertisement:
---
Micah English, a 21-year-old Duke student from Maryland who supports Clinton, says she tries to dissuade her fellow millennials from voting for a third-party candidate.
"If you want to advance a cause against the two (major) parties, it is not done by voting for president. Do that at the local and state level. Build the legitimacy of the party. Get more people on your side. Make the ideas more mainstream. That's not how I think American democracy would be, but that is the system we have. It would be great if Gary Johnson or Jill Stein could win a national election, but they can't."
Advertisement:
---
Vikram Seethpalli, a 19-year-old Duke student, backed Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary, but says Clinton is clearly preferable to Trump:
"One of the main things I hear (from fellow millennials) is just wanting a change in Washington, no matter what it is. The other is people thinking she's completely untrustworthy. One of the reasons I initially wasn't going to vote for her was the money aspect — the campaign finance. But I put it in the simplest terms. If Trump is elected and you voted for Gary Johnson, will you regret your decision if thousands of people are being deported and you didn't vote for the only other viable candidate?"
Advertisement:
---
Ben Ezroni, 19, of New York describes himself as a reluctant Trump supporter: "I'm tired of the GOP and the same old politicians. But I feel like Hillary brings that same image as well. When I think of Hillary, I think of special interest groups, I think about the Clinton Foundation, all that stuff. I'm just looking for something different. I feel like that's what Obama brought."
---
Paulos Muruts, a 19-year-old Duke student from North Carolina, finds Trump "racist," but says he might have to be convinced actually to vote for Clinton.
Advertisement:
"Hillary has the experience. I would trust her more in the boardroom with other leaders. She was top lawyer, served as secretary of state. I just don't think Trump has the personality for the job. He's too reactive. You just have to have the right temperament. ... (But) she doesn't inspire excitement." But on Obama: "Love President Obama. He's got a swagger. He plays basketball. The things he does in public. He's tight with all these athletes. ... He's actually accomplished a lot, and with all the criticism and opposition he faces, he just takes it. He's cool."
---
Arielle Kahn, a 21-year-old Duke University senior from New York, says much of Clinton's struggle to connect with voters stems from unconscious sexism:
"It's' so ingrained in our society how women are treated. People say, 'Oh, she's not the best politician,' because she's not perfect. ... In comparison to Trump? He's the worst politician, and the mere fact that she has to be the model of perfection to even be considered on the same playing field? That's just wrong."
The submitters said it was public land, and that the public interest was being compromised by the casino location which leaves just a 20 metre public thoroughfare around its base. An artist's impression of the Barangaroo development. But Crown has told the PAC it is not open to the authority to change the site, because it was legislated for in the Casino Control Act, which was amended in 2013 to establish the second restricted gaming licence which was awarded to Crown without tender. It includes a map of the site, as casino licences must be defined geographically. Crown argues that the site was approved by parliament and so cannot be altered. If Crown is right, then the PAC has very narrow scope to alter the casino plans. It could reduce its height and bulk, but it cannot move it.
It would also mean that the current PAC hearings on the latest changes to the masterplan for South Barangaroo, known as Modification 8, are very narrow. A spokesman for the PAC confirmed that it is aware of the argument about the Casino Control Act. But City of Sydney is arguing that the planning risk has and still remains with Crown resorts and this was made clear when the government gave its second stage approval to Mr Packer's bid for the project. The dispute over the intersection of the planning regime and the casino regime could potentially flare into a major legal spat. The Crown argument is understood to have some powerful backers, including the Barangaroo Delivery Authority, a government body responsible for developing Central Barangaroo and overseeing development at the entire site.
Lend Lease is also a strong backer of the waterfront site for the casino. Under Modification 8, the proposed hotel will be moved onto land from its current approved site on a pier in Darling Harbour. Former premier Barry O'Farrell made it clear he did not want the hotel over the water. The Crown resort, which was granted the right to develop the hotel without tender because it was an unsolicited proposal, is now proposed to be located 30 meters from the water's edge in South Barangaroo, on a six-storey podium which will house cafes, restaurants, and gaming floors.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton named U.S. Rep. Marcia L. Fudge as the Permanent Chair of the 2016 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia this week.
"I thank Secretary Clinton and her team for recommending me to serve as the permanent chair of the 2016 Democratic National Convention," Fudge, who represents Ohio's 11th district which includes Cleveland and Akron, said in a statement released Saturday.
"It is an honor for me and the people of Ohio. I am happy to serve and look forward to a great convention and our ongoing efforts as we work together for a strong party and a successful election," Fudge continued. "Together we make America Stronger."
Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz will not be speaking or presiding over this week's convention at all, after leaked emails appear to show top DNC aides strategizing against Sen. Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primary, reports CNN.
The DNC Rules Committee revoked Wasserman Schultz's position as convention chairwoman, so instead Fudge will gavel each session to order and to close. Read more at CNN.
Mary Matalin, a high-profile political pundit and veteran strategist for the Republican Party, changed her party registration to Libertarian from Republican, she said Thursday.
But in an interview with Bloomberg Politics, which reported on the switch, she emphasized that her decision was not connected to Donald Trump's being the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.
She described herself as a voter as a “provisional Trump” and a “never Hillary,” referring to the leading Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton.
Advertisement
Pressed Thursday about why she switched political parties, Matalin told Bloomberg Politics that she was a Republican in the “Jeffersonian, Madisonian sense.”
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“I'm not a Republican for a party or a person,” she continued. “The Libertarian Party represents those constitutional principles that I agree with.”
Of Trump, Matalin said she liked his attitude and what she knew of his economic policies, adding: “I just don't know enough. I think not only could he win, I think he could win in a landslide if he would stop his high schoolboy antics with women; otherwise he's going to force suburban women to Hillary.”
She said conservatives were angry after two successive presidential elections in which they lost and with what appeared to be no response from Washington as the party was “falling apart.”
Matalin is probably best known for her appearances on television as a staunch defender of Republican policies. For more than a decade, she appeared on CNN with her husband, James Carville, a Democratic strategist.
Advertisement
The husband-and-wife team were two of the network's best-known contributors. For years they were co-hosts of “Crossfire.” After it was canceled, they were regulars on “The Situation Room” and election night specials. They announced in early 2013 that they were parting ways with CNN.
Matalin was President George Bush's campaign director and was assistant to President George W. Bush. She was also assistant and counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney, according to her website.
She worked at the Republican National Committee in 1984 as national voter contact director for the Reagan-Bush campaign and later than chief of staff to the chairman of the committee.
I was just asked a fascinating question: How do you know if you were meant to be single? Personally, I wouldn't use the phrase "meant to be," but I understand what the questioner is getting at, and I've been mulling it over ever since. I'll tell you first what I think, then I'd love to hear everyone else's ideas.
To some, concluding that you were "meant to be single" may sound like a bad thing. Not to me. I'd just change the wording - I think I'm single at heart. I love living single (except for the singlism) and never did have those reveries about some lavish wedding with the bridesmaids and the big white dress.
To be single at heart, I think, means that you see yourself as single. Your life may or may not include the occasional , and you may or may not live alone or want to live alone, but you don't aspire to live as part of a couple (married or otherwise) for the long term.
You can be single at heart regardless of your actual status as single or coupled. Similarly, you can be a coupled at heart regardless of whether you really are coupled at the moment.
So what are the criteria? I'll start with what we know from research, then offer you my best guess about the rest. I'll pose my questions as either/or, but I recognize that the alternatives I describe are not the only ones.
Single at Heart: Research-Based Criteria
Do you have a sense of personal mastery - a can-do attitude, a sense that you can do just about anything you set your mind to? If so, score one for single at heart. For everyone, regardless of marital status, the greater their sense of personal mastery, the less likely they are to experience negative emotions. But for singles, the link between that personal mastery and freedom from bad feelings is even stronger than it is for married people.
- a can-do attitude, a sense that you can do just about anything you set your mind to? If so, score one for single at heart. For everyone, regardless of marital status, the greater their sense of personal mastery, the less likely they are to experience negative emotions. But for singles, the link between that personal mastery and freedom from bad feelings is even stronger than it is for married people. Now consider self-sufficiency, which you have if you LIKE to deal with things on your own. For people who have always been single, the more self-sufficient they are, the less likely they are to experience negative emotions. For people who are currently married, though, it's the opposite - the more they like dealing with things on their own, the more likely they are to have negative feelings.
Single at Heart: Criteria that Need to be Put to the Empirical Test
When you are thinking about making a big change in your life - maybe embarking on a new career or furthering your or moving across the country or pursuing your passion - do you wish you could make the decision that feels right to you, without worrying about whether a partner would approve, or whether it might stand in the way of a partner's ? Or do you prefer to make big decisions along with a partner, even if that means that you may not end up following the path that you most prefer?
If you were in a romantic relationship and it ended, how did you feel? Even if you did feel some pain, was there also a part of you that was relieved? Did the thought of being your own complete person light up your heart with joyful anticipation?
When you see groups of couples socializing together, do you think: "I wish that were me"? Or do you think: "Hmm, I don't think I want -in-law (the people who come attached to the people you really do like). I'd rather choose my friends one at a time"?
Think about the possibility that when you go to at night, and when you get up in the morning (or in the middle of the night), there may or may not be anyone else in bed with you. Does that make you happy or sad?
When you think about spending time alone, what comes to mind first: "Ah, sweet solitude!" or, "Oh, no, I might be lonely!"?
When you want to eat something you shouldn't, watch bad TV or too much TV, are you delighted that you get to do exactly as you like, or do you wish that there were someone else around who would frown at you and nudge you into behaving - or join you in your transgressions?
Now take that last question and flip it. When you want to eat right, get lots of exercise, read lofty books, and stay away from slime, are you happy to pursue those kinds of goals on your own or with friends? Or do you wish you had a romantic partner living right there with you (whether to help you stay in line or provide an excuse to jump off the wagon)?
When you've just had a fender-bender (or some such), is your first thought, “thank God I don't have to explain this at home” or do you wish you had a partner you could tell all about it? (Thanks to Psyngle for suggesting this addition to my original post!)
Do you take comfort in having another person in your life who is more or less obligated to be your plus-one when you want to go somewhere or do something, even knowing that you will sometimes have to be their plus-one when you might prefer to be doing something else entirely?
Or are you someone who doesn't need to have that automatic companion? Maybe you actually like deciding each time: Who would be a fun person to do this with? Or do I want to go on my own? Or do I not want to do this at all?
Or are you someone who doesn't need to have that automatic companion? Maybe you actually like deciding each time: Who would be a fun person to do this with? Or do I want to go on my own? Or do I not want to do this at all? If you want to have kids, do you want to be the one in charge, with support from a network of friends and family? Or do you believe in your heart that children should be raised by two living together under the same roof?
Do you recognize the potential joys of single life implied in all of the previous questions, and maybe others as well, and yet still feel that there is something about coupling that, to you, is so compelling that it is still worth it?
One thing to keep in mind about the "single at heart" option: The deck is stacked against you. Matrimania is against you. Scholars who supposedly study relationships still haven't made ample room for you. Your grandmother doesn't get it. Maybe your own friends don't get it. But that doesn't mean that you don't qualify. You just need to think harder about the "single at heart" option than the "coupled at heart" option, because the latter is just assumed. It's our mental and cultural default option.
Single at Heart or Coupled at Heart: Maybe You Don't Have to Pick Just One
I have a friend who is married with children, and who commented once that even though she is happily married, she also was (and could have continued to be) happily single. People like that are impressive. They are the flexible ones. I'm not among them. I have lots of people I love, but I don't want to live with any of them. I'm single at heart and have never been anything else.
You May Want Your Single Life, But Can You Take the Singlism?
Once you've determined (if you have) that the single life is right for you, there's still another big question to face: Do you have the strength and self- to live your single life without explanation or ?
As long as singlism continues unchallenged, and matrimania rules the land, people living single will continue to be put on the defensive. Others will still ask you why you are single. (Not everyone will do this, but the unenlightened and the clueless will.) Some will assume that if you have stayed single past a certain age, there's something wrong somewhere. You must have issues. The same practicing practitioners of singlism will often have no problem whatsoever with the serial remarries - those people who marry and , marry and divorce, over and over again. They won't assume that the multiply-divorced have issues. Can you live with that?
In the , bosses and coworkers will sometimes assume that because you are single, you don't have a life, and will expect you to stay late and take the travel no one else wants and be the last to choose your vacation time. Whatever or whomever is important to you in your life will be deemed insignificant. You can try to speak out and educate others, but be forewarned: You may well elicit a nasty response, even though you are right. Can you take that? Would you be okay with staying quiet and just going along with the unfair treatment?
The Last Question
Do you believe that fairy tales can come true, it can happen to you? Ha! That's a trick question. Your answer has nothing to do with whether you are single or coupled at heart. What matters is what your fairy tale is, and whether you are living it. Personally, my fairy tale has come true. I'm single at heart, and that's how I'm living.
UPDATE:
Since this was first published, lots of interesting comments have been posted.
One raised the question of how my perspective differs from that of Quirkyalone. There is an important difference, and I'll address that in a later post. [Here it is: "'Single at heart': Is it quirkyalone's naughty cousin?"]
I probably also should have mentioned that I've discussed other definitions of marital/coupled status elsewhere. For example, in the first chapter of Singled Out, I distinguish between the legal single and the socially single. Also check out this post: What does 'single' mean?
Finally, I've made this point many times before, but it is worth repeating: Being single doesn't necessarily mean being alone or being lonely. Most single people do not live alone, and even those who do live alone are often not lonely – they live alone because they want to, and have vibrant personal communities of family and friends. Of course, there are people for whom single life is not at all what they enjoy or desire. At heart, they are probably coupled. I don't often discuss the downsides of single life on this blog because you can find that anywhere. It is the conventional that single people are miserable and lonely, and for most singles (based on scientific research), that wisdom is wrong.
MORE UPDATES
I have continued to do research and writing about "single at heart." You can find all the latest news (as well as the earlier posts) at Single at Heart: What Do We Know About It?
CODE Keyboard – Review
This is a KBMOD community post by @Dalesy617. If you want to help shape our content and take a larger role in the community here at KBMOD, submit your article idea for consideration at [email protected].
Three years ago, mechanical keyboards were looked at as premium products, sought after by typists and other enthusiasts looking for the best experience possible. With a limited number of mainstream manufacturers, they were often quite expensive, and not easy to find. This is not so much the case today. While still carrying a heftier price tag than traditional dome keyboards, mechanical keyboards have become far more affordable and common as of late, as many popular gaming peripheral manufacturers like Logitech, Razer, and Corsair have begun producing and marketing them as their flagship “gamer” models. Mechanical keyboards are now found on the shelves of virtually every electronics store, and they are a more relevant option to the average gamer than ever before.
However, this evolution of production and marketing has not killed off the original enthusiast crowd surrounding mechanical keyboards. There are still many companies today working to create the best keyboard possible, with some models shooting to what many would consider absurd prices.
One such attempt at typing perfection (that has fallen into a reasonable price range) is the CODE Keyboard by WASD Keyboards.
The manufacturer's website describes the CODE Keyboard as a labor of love taken on by two keyboard enthusiasts who simply couldn't find their ideal keyboard amongst the hodgepodge of mechanical offerings currently on the market. One facet of their ideal keyboard is a simple and clean design.
As opposed to “gaming” keyboards, which all too often feature very busy, asymmetrical, and loud design elements, the CODE is all business. The keyboard's simple black casing is minimal, hugging the keys closely, producing a wonderful aesthetic. The backlighting, while not capable of outputting RGB like many premier gaming keyboards, is a clean white on all seven brightness levels, and reflects beautifully off the white surface underneath the keys. The simple Helvetica font used on the keycaps is a welcome change from the square-ish and overly stylized fonts found on Cooler Master and Razer keyboards, amongst others. The lock-indicator LEDs are subtle and small, which offers a nice, clean look.
With such a simple design, one might worry that media controls get lost in the minimalism. This is luckily not the case. Thanks to a clever dip-switch implementation, the user is able to turn the oft-ignored menu key into a function key, which enables shortcuts that turn the six-key cluster above the arrow keys into a fully featured media control cluster. One negative of this design, however, is that this dip-switch (which is not enabled by default) must be enabled in order to control the brightness of the backlighting. This leaves users who want to make use of their menu key, as well as have on-the-fly control of their backlighting, in a bit of a rough patch.
As far as build quality goes, this thing is a tank. Despite the casing being plastic, it has an insane amount of weight to it, and not a single part of the keyboard feels cheap. I believe the designers, while setting out to make the ultimate keyboard, perhaps also had some worries about home safety, because this thing could easily be used to stop a home invader in their tracks!
The underside of the chassis features the port for the detachable micro-USB-to-full size USB cable that connects the keyboard to the computer, as well as three channels for cable routing – a nice touch that makes it easy to keep your desk nice and tidy. Also on the underside of the case is the dip-switch panel, six rubber pads that will keep the keyboard in place, and rubberized flip-up feet to angle the keyboard. I've personally found that the keyboard is angled enough right out of the box, and that the flip up feet simply add far too much elevation.
The design of the CODE Keyboard leaves nothing to be desired. It is as clean and simple in person as it is on the manufacturer's website.
The CODE Keyboard, previously only available in the less-common Cherry MX Green and Cherry MX Clear switch types, has recently been made available in the Cherry MX Brown switch type, which is the model used for this review. To learn more about these switch types, see the Deskthority Wiki article on Cherry MX switches.
While many would argue that Cherry MX Reds or Blacks, both linear switches with no tactile or audible feedback, are the best Cherry switches for gaming, I would disagree. Having clocked over one thousand hours of gaming on a Corsair Vengeance K60 with Cherry MX Reds (a quality keyboard in its own right), I can safely say that I prefer Cherry MX Browns for gaming. There are many situations, particularly in Counter-Strike, where I find the tactile feedback provided by these switches is a massive aid to accuracy. The tactile bump felt when you depress a Cherry MX Brown switch gives an indicator of when the key has registered. This helps immensely for FPS movement techniques that require precision, like counter-strafing in CS:GO.
The typing experience is also favorable with the Cherry MX Browns. The tactile bump aids the user in not bottoming out the keys, meaning that they only have to depress the key as far as necessary to register the keystroke. This technique, known as touch-typing, helps alleviate strain on the fingers during long typing sessions.
However, the switch is not the end-all, be-all indicator of a keyboard's quality. The implementation of those switches can drastically affect the typing experience. I'm glad to say that the CODE Keyboard's implementation of the Cherry MX Browns is mostly great. The typing action is nice, and when the keys do bottom out, they do so onto what feels like a sturdy metal baseplate.
The CODE Keyboard features 6-key rollover over USB and N-Key rollover over PS/2 with the included adapter. This means that you'll only be able to register six keys (plus modifiers) at a time over USB. However, most gaming-grade motherboards still feature PS/2 connectors. Also taking into consideration that the USB cable's detachability avoids the common problem of having to restart your computer in order to connect a PS/2 keyboard, this is barely a complaint.
The CODE Keyboard's aforementioned dip-switch system also enables a great deal of customization. The user can use these dip-switches to disable the Windows key, change the layout to Mac, Dvorak, or Colemak, amongst a number of other useful customizations.
The one significant negative of the CODE Keyboard that I have been able to find is the stabilizer implementation. Stabilizers, the little things that flank the keyswitch on the space bar, shift, backspace, and enter keys, are used to ensure that the wider keys don't wobble when pressed. Most backlit keyboards use Cherry-style stabilizers, which are essentially Cherry MX switches without the springs. The CODE Keyboard, however, uses Costar-style stabilizers, a wire based solution that is not typically found on backlit keyboards. The reason that these stabilizers are not typically found on backlit keyboards is that they have to be slightly modified in order to fit the LED keyswitches. In the case of the CODE Keyboard, this modification results in a bit of stiffness on the stabilized keys, which may be a dealbreaker for some. Personally, I did not find this stiffness very troublesome, although it is noticeable.
The CODE Keyboard is an excellent offering at its price-point. It is hard to beat this keyboard in terms of customization, aesthetics, and function at the $150 mark.
The CODE Keyboard is available for purchase from WASD Keyboards and is available in Cherry MX Brown, Green, and Clear switches, as well as full-size and tenkeyless layouts.
Form Function Summary: The CODE Keyboard is an excellent offering at its price-point. It is hard to beat this keyboard in terms of customization, aesthetics, and function at the $150 mark. 4.5 Approaching Perfection.
Get ready, America—net neutrality finally comes to the Internet on November 20, 2011.
That's the plan, at least. The FCC has just filed its final "open Internet" rules (PDF) with the Federal Register, which will publish them tomorrow and make them official. The rules go into effect on November 20, nearly a year after they were passed over Republican opposition on a 3-2 vote. (One of the FCC Commissioners who voted against the rules now works for Comcast.)
But the plan will likely be derailed by lawsuits. Two, by Verizon and MetroPCS, were filed earlier this year but tossed because the rules had yet to be finalized. With tomorrow's printing in the Federal Register, the litigation floodgates will be thrown open and and complaints about the government overstepping its authority can start pouring in.
Those complaints might well meet with success, given how the FCC went about the whole process. Rather than reclassifying broadband services in such a way that the FCC has clear jurisdiction over them, the agency relied instead on its much weaker "ancillary jurisdiction." (The legal rationale for this begins on p. 77 of the final rules, and the FCC gamely makes a case that it has the proper authority.) As law professor James Grimmelmann noted today in our subscriber-only webchat, "The FCC is in a real tangle here. I think if they reclassified broadband service (long story), they'd have a better shot at getting their rules to stick."
As for the rules, they're the same modest regulations adopted back in December. Here's the FCC's own summary:
First, transparency: fixed and mobile broadband providers must disclose the network management practices, performance characteristics, and commercial terms of their broadband services. Second, no blocking: fixed broadband providers may not block lawful content, applications, services, or non-harmful devices; mobile broadband providers may not block lawful websites, or block applications that compete with their voice or video telephony services. Third, no unreasonable discrimination: fixed broadband providers may not unreasonably discriminate in transmitting lawful network traffic.
Mobile networks still have broad leeway to discriminate and throttle and even block certain apps, though some of the most obviously objectionable activities are forbidden.
On the miraculous off-chance that no lawsuits are filed, however, we'll have a side of net neutrality lite to accompany Thanksgiving's pumpkin pie. But ISPs don't like constraints, no matter how modest, so the matter will probably be decided by federal judges.
A few months ago, I did a sudden Q&A and it was a huge success. But most of it was in Spanish, and I'd like to share it with all of my friends, including those who only speak English, that's why I decided to write this post.
I know sometimes it is kind of hard to know how to treat a transgender girl, and i hope this will help people to better understand us overall.
I will skip some unrelated questions.
Q: what do you do to always look so pretty?
A: face scrub, some makeup and a cute girlfriend.
This was submitted by my girlfriend, an even cuter girl.
Q: what is the meaning of life?
A: 42.
Obvious answer!
Q: are you going to officially change your name?
A: I'd like to if i'm able to.
I don't like my first name at all, and I'd like to change but it is a pain in the ass, especially with my school certificates and all that. I've had many Asian friends that do live their daily lives with a different name while only using their legal name for paperwork, I think I can live with that. Btw I've been thinking of using Jade Alexandra Figueroa Perez as my full name. It matches my legal initials.
Q: How did you decide it was time to take the next step? (Different question, same answer)
Q: How did you find out (you were transgender) and do you plan to undergo (sex change) surgery?
A: I‘ve known I'm like this since I was like 5.
At the end of high school after i went through some episodes of depression, I decided to be myself.
But in college my engineering courses were mostly filled with males, who, after seeing pictures of me being “different”, had a rude attitude towards it. I ended up repressing it. That is why I remained a sad male, but then after graduating and finding a nice job, I realized I could finally be myself and be successful at the same time. So here I am, happier than ever.
And nope, I'm ok with my sex, it's just the gender that is an issue. People that also undergo surgery are transexual.
TL:DR I like to look like a girl, but that doesn't mean I need to cut some things off.
Q: How do you explain to other people the difference between Transvestite and transgender?
A: A transvestite is a person that uses clothes usually worn by the opposite gender, but doesn't have any desire to behave or be treated as the opposite gender; for example a man that wears a skirt, just because he wants to, but doesn't really want to be a female.
A transgender person is more extreme than that. A transgender person is a person that will behave and wants to be treated as the opposite gender usually does.
I guess this is pretty straightforward
Q: What insecurities do you still have when going out dressed as opposite gender?
A: One of the biggest issues I face is when for whatever reason I cannot fully pass as girl, then some people use male pronouns or talk to me as a male, that makes me sad.
In Spanish we have a feminine/masculine way of referring to everything, EVERY SINGLE THING. So it is especially noticeable when I'm not looking as girly and people just call me guy. That is heartbreaking for a transgender ongoing a transition.
Q: Which is the kindest gesture you have received regarding your gender?
A: Definitely my girlfriend, all my girlfriends and acquaintances that even though not so long ago I was still a boy in their lives, they truly treat me like another girlfriend (or girlfriend 😉). And also that we are confident in trusting each other with women-only issues.
This is especially meaningful to me, I love how people that have embraced my new me are treating me like the girl I always felt I was. This makes me feel stronger and encourages me to keep working harder, especially because I know my previous male life still gives me away sometimes. Like with my sturdiness.
Q: Something mean?
A: Definitely the worst I've been told is that people that accepted me actually didn't love me, and they didn't care about me. Also I was told I was a double abnormal person because I was transgender and at the same time I had a girlfriend.
Yeah, that person was crazy as fuck, but luckily I've put distance between us.
Q: Do you plan on having kids, If so, by which mean would it be?
A: Yeah, I'd actually love to have many. Some of my own, some adopted. I really want to adopt asian kids. But anyways if for some reason i'm unable to have my own, I'd adopt. I believe how you are born is not as important as how you are raised.
Pretty much, I love the idea of having kids, even if we don't share blood lineage.
Q: What advice would you give to someone who is in the acceptance phase of gender transition (Born male but feel like they are not) regarding the society acceptance?
A: Try everything and don't be afraid. Trust your friends, because most of the time they are the only people that truly support you, and usually that is more than enough.
The society, the society is a bitch. But with time you learn to give zero f*cks about people that are bitchy.
Q: How much does your girlfriend's opinion weight on your self acceptance?
A: with girlfriends it is really hard, there are 3 possible outcomes, that she feels uneasy, that she doesn't care or that she likes it. And she is totally right to feel anyway she feels. I had good luck of having a lovely girlfriend, and she totally loved it, and that definitely hasted the process of self acceptance, but regardless of her opinion I had already decided.
I love my girlfriend for loving me just the way I am, but if she had decided to end our relationship due that, I'd have understood.
Q: What is your sexual orientation?
A: mmm sexuality is as complex as gender itself, I like both men and women, I just like my partner to be feminine. Based on several theories I could be either Bisexual, Pansexual or even Homosexual (Lesbian). But I'm not really sure which one is completely accurate.
… and sincerely I don't care.
Q: For someone like me that got to know you as Jorge, is sometimes confusing to decide on how to address you, I know everyone calls you Ale, but regarding (I forgot the name), how should I treat you, as feminine or masculine?
A: Feminine
Yes, pretty much treat me as any other girl you have ever known.
Q: Does your workplace know about it? Because it is a common problem that transgender people are discriminated in their workplace or that they are hired with low wages
A: Everyone in the Colima and Redwood City, CA office know about it. And I'm paid exactly the same as everyone else, I've also had some lead roles in some projects. Luckily, everyone is nice with me, and encourage me. Progressly is an LGBT+ inclusive company.
This also means a lot to me, being able to be myself in my own workplace boosted my confidence like a lot.
Q: Would you teach me to dance in high heels?
A: Sure
This is a fairly common one, it is not a big deal to dance in heels, just a matter of practice
Q: How has your life changed now that you are more open about your gender? I don't mean about how everyone else sees you, but how do you feel
A: I have noticed two changes, I'm way more sensible than before, in part due to hormonal changes, and in part because I no longer feel like repressing myself, and even though I may have looked like a cold-headed person, I have always been sensible but as I said, I was repressing myself.
Also I'm really really happy. The fact that I'm not able to be myself gives me a tranquility and happiness feeling that is indescribable. Is taking a huge weight off your back, every single time I was called "him", "Jorge", etc… I felt a pain within me. But now, not anymore.
Like really, I felt really bad whenever I was addressed as a boy. Imagine that for 20 whole years, that is why I feel so relieved now.
Q: Will the day that we dance with the skirts you brought from Korea ever arrive?
A: I hope so
Funny story. Two years ago I bought some skirts for my dance crew, they were supposed to be for a performance, but it is time that performance hasn't arrived.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Police say cell phones and other mobile devices are being stolen more often, but a violent robbery involving an 8-year-old boy had some people shaking their heads and a Minneapolis man leaping to action.
Last Thursday, a boy was punched and the iPad in his hands was stolen outside a Minneapolis restaurant.
Aaron Stillday, 32, was arrested and charged with first-degree aggravated robbery. Police caught him after a good Samaritan chased him down.
“Poor kid,” said Mohammad Armeli, the man who chased down the robber. “I can't believe it, the blood was all over his face. Could have broken his nose.”
Surveillance video shows the 8-year-old following his aunt out of a day care building. What happened next left Armeli's blood boiling.
“This is the scum of the earth,” he said. “You cannot hit a child like that. Don't hit him for his iPad, or for anything.”
Armeli, who works at a Greek restaurant nearby, heard the commotion and went after the robber. While talking to 911 on his cell phone, he chased Stillday for more than a half-mile.
Police say they've seen Stillday before.
“As I was told, he's been arrested 60 times,” Armeli said. “I can't believe they let him out.”
Police have also seen this kind of crime before. While there isn't much left of the iPad – it was smashed on the sidewalk — its original value is what made it a target in the first place.
“These are valuable items that people want,” said Scott Seroka of the Minneapolis Police Department. “And if you don't have to have them out, maybe you can wait until you're in a secure environment to use them.”
On the bright side: The boy's sister said the family took the shattered iPad to the Apple Store in Uptown, along with video of the incident, and they were given a new iPad.
Two days after the November election, leaders of President Trump's transition team presented his inner circle with more than 100 names of candidates for key Cabinet and other senior positions in the new administration. Missing from the list for the post of national security adviser was retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, according to two knowledgeable officials.
Flynn was a loyalist who had a close relationship with Trump. It was obvious to the transition team that Trump would give him a prominent appointment. But among some of those tasked with bringing forward prospective candidates, there was a belief that Flynn was ill-suited for the critically important job of coordinating national security policy in the new White House.
Trump, however, had his own list of candidates, and Flynn was at the top. Eleven days after winning the election, he announced Flynn as his choice. Twenty-four days after Trump was sworn in as president, Flynn was forced out for having misled Vice President Pence and others about communications with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Flynn later acknowledged that he had worked on behalf of the Turkish government while serving as a campaign adviser. Last week, through his lawyer, he offered to testify, in exchange for immunity, in the ongoing investigations of Russian interference in the election.
Viewed through the lens of the first months of the new administration, Trump's transition provided the template for what has unfolded since Inauguration Day on personnel and other matters. No transition goes exactly as planned, but Trump's proved messier than most and that has carried over into the first months of his presidency.
Throughout the campaign, Trump took a hands-off approach to transition preparations. It was bad karma, he believed, to start planning a presidency before he won the election. Once elected, he decided to run things his own way. “It went off the rails almost immediately after the election,” said one knowledgeable person who spoke on the condition of anonymity to offer a candid assessment.
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
[Trump remains the center of attention — but politically he is increasingly isolated]
One effect was that the Trump team could not scale up quickly enough during the transition and, therefore, failed to maintain a full pipeline of appointees for the new administration. The Partnership for Public Service, in collaboration with The Washington Post, has been tracking 553 key administration positions that require Senate confirmation. To date, just 21 nominees have been confirmed, with 20 more formally nominated and an additional 25 awaiting nomination.
The pace of critical subcabinet appointments remains a serious problem, with many agencies sparsely populated at the top. An administration official said announcements generally have been held back until proper vetting can take place, which did not occur during the transition. The hope is that, once nominated, confirmations can be completed more quickly.
Trump's management preferences, honed in his business, also overrode the recommendation of some transition planners for a White House structured with clear lines of authority and a strong chief of staff. That structure was meant to discipline the president's mercurial style. Instead, Trump created a White House of multiple and competing power centers, personal rivalries and internal conflict.
Martha Joynt Kumar, director of the White House Transition Project, a nonpartisan organization that aids new administrations, said that course was set when Trump named Reince Priebus as chief of staff and in the same release named Stephen K. Bannon as senior counselor and chief strategist.
“You knew right there that was going to be a White House that was not going to be organized in a regular hierarchical fashion, as most Republicans develop them,” Kumar said. “You knew there that was going to be a White House where conflict was going to be something the president saw as positive.”
Kumar noted one other thing about the transition that has plagued the administration since Inauguration Day: The president's habit of continuing to raise grievances about the campaign. “He couldn't leave the election behind, and it's still been difficult for him,” she said.
(The Washington Post)
Trump's transition was the first one conducted after passage of the Presidential Transitions Improvements Act of 2015 and the operation did much good work, both in the pre-election planning and in preparing for a new administration after the election. The team combed through almost 87,000 résumés, identified more than 500 people to go into agencies after Inauguration Day, conducted hundreds of interviews of prospective nominees and established new procedures from which future transitions could profit.
Those kinds of accomplishments led Ken Nahigian, who played a central role in both the pre-election and post-election phases, to say, “This transition was as smooth and well executed as we ever could have expected.”
[Flynn told Trump he might register as a foreign agent]
But the transition operated as two units, one in Washington, where the bulk of the staff was based, and the other at Trump Tower, where the president-elect and his top campaign advisers were located. “The operation went forward, but it wasn't connected to the decision-makers,” said Max Stier, the president and chief executive of the Partnership for Public Service. He added that, despite the planning done ahead of the election, Trump and his inner circle “created a decisional process that was opaque and held by a few people.”
On Election Day, Trump's transition advisers presented the president-elect's inner circle with 30 binders of materials. One binder provided the overview and outlined detailed recommendations for the 73-day presidential transition then commencing. This was to serve as a road map designed to assure, to the extent possible, an orderly start for the new administration. A copy of that transition planning material was provided to The Post.
The documents included proposed hour-by-hour schedules for the president-elect as he began the transition; week-by-week transition messaging themes aimed at highlighting Trump's campaign promises; ambitious timetables for completing congressional action on those promises; drafts of executive orders; policy backgrounders; a lengthy memo analyzing a White House staff structure; and landing teams assigned to key executive branch agencies, most approved by members of Trump's family.
The materials represented the fruits of months of work by Trump's transition team. Then, days after the election, the transition took an unexpected turn. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, the transition chairman, was removed from his position and replaced by the vice president-elect.
Christie friends say he was the victim of a power play by Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and the husband of Ivanka Trump, and was told that when he was informed of the change. As U.S. attorney in New Jersey, Christie had been involved in the prosecution of Kushner's father, which resulted in a jail sentence. At the time of Christie's demotion in November, transition spokesman Jason Miller said reports that Kushner had pushed him aside “couldn't be further from the truth.”
Some of Trump's close advisers had concerns that pre-election convictions of former Christie allies Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal tarnished Christie and would reflect badly on Trump. Baroni and Kelly were sentenced to prison terms last week.
Some Trump loyalists simply didn't trust Christie, whom they saw as still bitter that he had not been picked as Trump's running mate. Another charge was that the work was not being done at the rate it needed to be, although a summary document presented to Trump's inner circle the day before the election showed no area where the transition was behind schedule.
There also were reports that the transition staff and volunteers were stocked with Washington lobbyists. There were lobbyists among those recruited during the fall, but according to four knowledgeable officials, the transition moved to bar them after Trump delivered his “drain the swamp speech” in October. “When he put down the rule about lobbyists, we adjusted,” one of the officials said.
“I personally made a presentation on November 11th to 200 to 250 transition employees and volunteers, including potential members of landing teams,” said William Palatucci, who served as transition general counsel and was a longtime Christie confidant. “If you wanted to be part of the transition team and on a landing team, there was a lobbying ban.” There also were prohibitions against working for a foreign government, as it turned out Flynn had been doing.
[Trump and his advisers can't keep quiet, and it's becoming a problem]
Although Trump remained aloof from the transition team, his family provided oversight on his behalf. Transition leaders met weekly with an executive committee composed of Trump's children Ivanka, Don Jr. and Eric, as well as Kushner and other campaign officials.
The original transition blueprint was ambitious and detailed. “The day after Election Day — Day Next — the presidential transition will launch in the form of a shadow White House and will function through the 73-day period leading up to the Inauguration,” according to the overview briefing book. While acknowledging there could only be one president at a time, the transition document proposed “a strategic approach that departs from the historical precedent of ‘laying low' during the presidential transition.”
At times, Trump simply ignored the recommendations. The transition team wanted Trump to observe Veterans Day by flying to Washington for a possible event at the National World War II Memorial. As one person with close knowledge of the transition put it, “You come with a plan and he modifies it. He's the boss.”
The legislative timetable was hugely ambitious. One transition document, for example, called for Congress to complete work on repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act by Feb. 24, or Day 36 of the administration. The GOP health-care bill wasn't even introduced by that date and was pulled from a House vote last month after meeting fierce resistance, even from many Republicans.
The transition team had prepared lists of prospective candidates not only for the Cabinet but also for many of the other senior positions throughout the executive branch, about 300 in all. The sequencing was designed to provide a steady stream of personnel decisions to assure that the new administration would be able to populate the upper ranks of executive branch agencies as rapidly as possible.
Ahead of the election, transition leaders spent two full days culling longer lists of names to between four and six for each key position. Prospective candidates recommended for national security adviser included retired Marine Gen. Jim Mattis, who was selected for defense secretary; retired Marine Gen. Peter Pace, a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; retired Adm. William H. McRaven, who oversaw the raid that killed Osama bin Laden and is now chancellor of the University of Texas System; and K.T. McFarland, the current deputy national security adviser.
Flynn was penciled in as a possible director of national intelligence, for which transition officials believed he was better suited than national security adviser.
Cabinet selections were to be made quickly after the election but withheld until at least Thanksgiving. “We wanted him to make [Cabinet] selections privately so we could do vetting privately before announcements,” said one official with knowledge of the process who spoke on the condition of anonymity to share private information.
Instead of an orderly rollout, however, the process quickly went Trumpian. Candidates were called to meet with Trump at Trump Tower or at his golf course in Bedminster, N.J., in a process that critics likened to a reality-TV show. Announcements sometimes were made through press release rather than by the candidate in a public setting. The process rather than the announcements became the theater — and the narrative.
Martin Clunes has become the latest star to speak out amid the Harvey Weinstein scandal, however, the 55-year-old actor has sparked outrage after criticising the way that some actresses behaved with the movie mogul.
Clunes worked with Weinstein for the 1998 film Shakespeare In Love, and seemingly spoke in his defence at a charity bash last night.
Clunes seemingly defended Harvey Weinstein. Copyright: [PA]
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Speaking to The Sun, the Doc Martin actor explained: “Some of these actresses, there are some draped over him in a club.
“If I did that to them I'd be…. I don't know.
“It's not news that these predators allowed some people to… Of course it's absolutely ghastly.”
He added: “It's a form of prostitution, the oldest game in the book.”
Harvey Weinstein has been accused of rape and serious sexual assault. Copyright: [Getty]
Clunes' comments come after over 50 actresses and models came forward to accuse Weinstein of serious sexual assault and harassment – with some accusing the high-powered film producer of rape.
Weinstein, 65, has insisted that all sexual conduct has been consensual, with his spokeswoman Sallie Hofmeister saying earlier this month: “Any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr Weinstein.”
Fans have spoken out against the Doc Martin actor. Copyright: [Rex]
After Clunes' comments broke, many fans took to social media to slam his remarks, with one writing: “What a repellent human being!”
Others added:
@MartinClunes you are a creep for weighing in with defence for Harvey Weinstein. What if this had been your daughter, mother, wife? — Jane Tiller (@JaneETiller) October 27, 2017
Story continues
So Martin Clunes seems to think flirting with a man is equal to giving him permission to assault you…. Interesting — Karen Mason (@AuthorKarenMaso) October 27, 2017
Martin Clunes is a bit of an arsehole, who knew. #Weinstein — pam g (@PGtwweets) October 27, 2017
Yahoo Celeb UK have contacted Martin Clunes rep' for comment.
Follow Yahoo Celeb UK on Twitter and Instagram for all of the latest celebrity news!
Read more:
[ Harvey Weinstein's former driver reveals shocking sordid details of disgraced star's personal life ]
[ Penny Lancaster breaks down as she reveals she was drugged and raped as a teen model ]
[ Lindsay Lohan reveals past abuse as she defends bizarre Harvey Weinstein rant ]
New information shows a Marine staff sergeant found dead in a burning home near Richlands, North Carolina, was killed in an act of self-defense by his estranged wife after he killed her boyfriend, officials with the Onslow County Sheriff's Office said Wednesday.
Staff Sgt. Cody Wade Smith, 33, was found dead alongside 43-year-old Gregory Thomas Pearce inside the house on Haw Branch Road on Aug. 27.
Smith had returned from a deployment to Europe with Camp Lejeune's 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion weeks before, but little had been publicly released about the circumstances surrounding his death until today.
In a press conference, sheriff's office officials said Monica Rose Smith, 32, had served the Marine with divorce papers Aug. 11. Smith arranged to come by her house on the evening of Aug. 27 to drop off some personal property, Maj. Chris Thomas said.
Smith arrived around 5 p.m. with a backpack containing two handguns, duct tape, rope, lighter fluid and matches, Thomas said. He also had a large can of gasoline in his vehicle.
When Monica Smith tried to get the Marine to leave the house around 5:30 p.m., he tied her up, then used her phone to send text messages to Pearce, who arrived at the home half an hour later.
When Pearce discovered Monica was tied up, he tried to call 911, but was shot and killed by Smith, Thomas said. Smith then sprayed lighter fluid on the floor and set the house on fire.
At some point, Thomas said, Monica Smith was able to get control of the handgun used to kill Pearce and fire one shot at Smith, killing him. She then called 911 from the lawn of the burning home and stayed on the line with dispatchers until emergency responders arrived.
All the evidence collected on the scene confirmed her account of what happened, Thomas said.
Monica Smith is not being charged as she acted in self-defense, said Ernie Lee, district attorney for Onslow County.
"Cody Wade Smith did enter the residence with criminal intent," Lee said. "In fact, he had murderous intent."
According to information provided by II Marine Expeditionary Force, Smith was a 15-year Marine who had deployed twice to Iraq and twice to Afghanistan. He had also participated in the 2011 Operation Unified Protector over Libya.
-- Hope Hodge Seck can be reached at hope.seck@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at@HopeSeck.
We saw the first hint of 360 live streaming back in December when Facebook partnered up with NatGeo to launch Live 360 from the Mars Desert Research Station facility in Utah. Then we here at VRScout followed suit the following month for the second ever 360 live streams, capturing President Obama's Farewell Address.
Now Facebook has opened up Live 360 to everyone (Profiles and Pages). As long as you have the right cameras to capture 360 video, the process can be relatively easy for those already familiar with live streaming on the platform.
Live 360 Cameras
When it comes to compatible Live 360 cameras, there are a handful of choices to choose from. Considering many of these cameras did not even exist last year, it was probably wise for Facebook to wait before rolling out the video feature globally.
Cameras currently include the newly announced Samsung Gear 360 (2017), Giroptic IO, Insta360, and ALLie Camera, as well as more professional options like the Z CAM S1 and Nokia Ozo.
The newly announced Gear 360 was already one of our favorite 360 consumer cameras. And now with the capability to live stream, topped off with the added compatibility for all of us with an iPhone, we can't wait to see how this performs.
Live 360 Spatial Audio
When it comes to experiencing live 360 video in a VR headset, having the ability to also experience 360 sound can significantly add to immersion and more closely mirrors what you'll experience in real life. So it came as a pleasant surprise that along with the global rollout of Live 360, Facebook also announced that Live 360 cameras with integrated support for spatial audio are coming soon. And if you're looking to include spatial audio manually through ambisonic microphones, Facebook will also have options for that coming soon too.
Getting Started With Live 360
If you have one of the cameras listed above with Facebook Live 360 integration, you can check the camera vendor's website for details about Live 360. But if you don't have a camera that isn't integrated with Facebook Live through their apps yet, you can visit this link (facebook.com/live/create) to get an RTMP Server URL and Stream Key to get started or use with general streaming software for Live 360.
Visit fb.com/live/create Click “Create Live Stream” Select the checkbox for Live 360: “This live stream is a 360 video” Select your post destination (i.e. Page or profile you want to stream to) Enter the RTMP Server URL and Stream Key into your 360 camera app or software Stream to Facebook and preview your stream Go Live 360
Live 360 Specifications
INDIA'S GO-TO PACERS
India reap rewards of Bhuvneshwar-Bumrah evolution
Aayush Puthran • Last updated on Mon, 06 Nov, 2017, 11:20 PM
Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Jasprit Bumrah have become a formidable fast-bowling pair in limited-overs © AFP
There is one aspect of T20I cricket where India holds the edge over New Zealand, or for that matter any other team in the world - death bowling. But more than just having a strong hold over their primary skill with the ball, it is the way in which they have evolved in other aspects of their trade that has made them far greater assets to the captain and the team.
In Rajkot, when the top-order failed, the middle-order crumbled and the spinners were thrashed, but Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Jasprit Bumrah shone brightly with their bowling. Their spell in the last four overs was the sole reason why New Zealand couldn't touch the 200-run mark. The repeated performances by the duo have not only given the Indian team an assurance, but also made the pair a potent threat to the opposition; the kind of threat that makes for serious discussions in boardrooms and specially reserved time in the nets.
It isn't that India discovered two bowlers for the death. The discovery was of only one - Jasprit Bumrah, who came with an awkward action and bowled yorkers at will.
"Bumrah is very good at the death, he can hit the hole and has got very good change-ups," Mitchell Santner said of the Gujarat pacer. "We can practice as much as we want in the nets, but if in the middle, if he doesn't miss, it can get quite difficult."
"As a batsman, you [have] got to try and make him miss his length by running out of box or getting in, but on his day if he is hitting yorkers, it is pretty tough."
But it isn't just about yorkers, which is his biggest weapon. In the last few months, he has learnt to vary his pace and has also used the length deliveries to good effect, which has turned him into a good weapon every time the team is under pressure.
"Bumrah's action causes a lot of difficulties to the batsmen," Bhuvneshwar pointed out. "But moreover, it is the way in which he has improved with his action. He already had a good yorker, but he improved on his slower deliveries."
The threat of Bumrah isn't something that can be dealt with easily; not by one-odd counter-attacking innings for sure. For a bowler, whose natural talent has made him a prime resource in the death overs, the pressure of batsmen having a go at him remains ever present. And his success of having experienced to deal with that pressure is something that has helped him evolve into a more potent player in such a situation, to an extent where his success directly translates the pressure on to the batsmen, especially if they are inexperienced.
The same is the case with Bhuvneshwar, who burst on to the scene and made the world take notice with the way in which he swung the new ball. However, if conditions didn't aid swing, his skills were limited, especially at the pace with which he bowled.
In the last of couple of years, Bhuvneshwar's success, even more than Bumrah is due to the evolution that he has brought about. He added noticeable amount of pace, used the cutters and the slower balls effectively. And most importantly, his yorkers became as wily as any in world cricket. If Bumrah has the pressure of bowling in the death, Bhuvneshwar carries the additional burden of picking up wickets early on in the innings.
Bhuvneshwar wasn't a ready product for the death overs, he simply transformed himself. And with Bumrah, formed the most deadly pairing in modern-day limited overs cricket.
The huge array of skills with the two bowlers and the temperament to go with it, has helped Virat Kohli use them every time the batsmen are having a merry time. Be it the initial overs, middle period or when the opposition is on the final flourish.
And even apart from the captain, understanding the potency of each other has ensured they are secure in their performances.
"When you bowl with such a bowler, you are confident that if you do well, he will also do well from the other end. There is a sense of security.
"If you aren't having a good day, at least he will bowl well. We feed off that confidence. The best part is before every match we talk to each other about the wicket and what stratergy we can employ. That helps a lot."
Their success and the possession of traits has quickly increased the demands of what a modern-day bowler should operate like, especially in limited-overs cricket. They also stand testimony to the fact that significant evolution can take place without hampering the natural talent. It's a young pairing; one which has fallen and succeeded, but more importantly grown and learnt quickly. If they keep at it, it should serve Indian cricket very well in the near future.
© Cricbuzz
TAGS
RELATED STORIES
Rear Admiral John Kirby during a media briefing on October 15, 2014 at the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia. (AFP/Alex Wong, File)
ISRAEL (Ma'an) -- The United States came down Friday on a decision by Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon to incorporate a southern West Bank church compound into the illegal Gush Etzion settlement bloc.
Spokesman for the US State Department John Kirby said during a press briefing that the US was “deeply concerned” about Yaalon's move, which “effectively creates a new settlement on 10 acres” of occupied West Bank land.
“Along with the regular retroactive legalization of unauthorized outposts and construction of infrastructure in remote settlements, actions such as this decision clearly undermine the possibility of a two-state solution,” Kirby said.
Kirby reiterated that the US views settlement activity as “illegitimate and counterproductive to the cause of peace."
“Continued settlement activity and expansion raises honest questions about Israel's long-term intentions and will only make achieving a two-state solution that much more difficult,” Kirby continued.
The church compound, known as Beit al-Baraka, is situated on 38-dunams (9.3 acres) of Palestinian land in the Hebron district.
The compound's incorporation into Gush Etzion enables the construction of a continuous line of settlements from the Gush Etzion settlement bloc south of Jerusalem to a cluster of settlements around Hebron.
An investigative report by Israeli daily Haaretz in May alleged that American millionaire Irving Moskowitz purchased Beit al-Baraka through a Swedish company years prior with the intention of turning it into a settlement outpost.
A pastor who headed the church that previously owned the compound thought it had been sold to a Swedish company, Scandinavian Seamen Holy Land Enterprises, that would revive its use as a church.
It was later revealed that the company had been established in 2007 and used to cover up the sale and transfer of Beit al-Baraka.
The Swedish company registered the purchase with the Israeli Civil Administration in 2012 before handing over ownership to an American nonprofit organization that is funded by Moskowitz and works towards the eventual "Judaization" of occupied East Jerusalem.
The takeover brought ongoing demonstrations in front of the compound by local Palestinians, often with Palestinian political and religious leaders in attendance.
There are more than 500,000 Israelis living in illegal settlements across occupied East Jerusalem and the West Bank, making an independent and contiguous Palestinian state impossible.
While US leadership has repeatedly condemned Israeli settlement expansion, such condemnations have historically done little to curb their growth.
Welcome to a Brief History of Stanford-Notre Dame. The final game of the regular season is upon us and since it's an odd year that means that the Stanford Cardinal are hosting the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Today I'll be taking a look back at the history of this interesting and rather unique Stanford rivalry game.
-
The University of Notre Dame began playing football all the way back in 1887, having famously been taught the sport by players from the University of Michigan. The Notre Dame football program began life at a very small scale, playing regional opponents of a similar stature. By the 1910's, the Notre Dame team became a regional power, and their win over Army in 1913 put the team on the map.
The first meeting between Notre Dame and Stanford was in the 1925 Rose Bowl. Both teams had just leapt into the forefront of the college football world during the 1924 season and were led by two of the greatest coaches the sport has ever produced. Knute Rockne was in his seventh season in South Bend and had coached Notre Dame through an undefeated season. Stanford was led by Pop Warner, who had just moved out West from the University of Pittsburgh following a very successful tenure there. Warner similarly led Stanford to an undefeated season, though a tie against Cal blemished their perfect record.
The story goes that Notre Dame wanted to use the Rose Bowl as an annual game in Los Angeles to increase their money and exposure as well as provide a yearly game for their West Coast fans. Stanford and Cal vetoed this proposition, saying that Notre Dame's academic standards were not high enough to permit this arrangement. Nevertheless, Notre Dame was invited to play in the 1925 Rose Bowl. Stanford accepted the invite as the PCC champion only when it became clear how lucrative the game would be and that USC had reached out to take their place.
The game itself has become immortalized in Rose Bowl history as a meeting between all-time greats. Rockne's Notre Dame squad featured the legendary Four Horsemen of Harry Stuhldreher, Jim Crowley, Don Miller, and Elmer Leyden. Pop Warner had an ace in his sleeve in star fullback Ernie Nevers. Nevers was considered the player of his generation and was the backbone of Stanford's offense. In the Rose Bowl game itself, Stanford dominated, and Nevers outgained the entire Four Horsemen by himself, but a whopping eight turnovers led to a 27-10 Notre Dame victory. The win would crown Notre Dame's first ever national championship season. Stanford would have to wait two more years for their first Rose Bowl win and national title.
Notre Dame's win in the 1925 Rose Bowl launched the Fighting Irish among the college football elite. The Irish have arguably been the most successful team in the sport from 1924 to 1988 (ND's most recent national championship season). Stanford's luck hasn't been quite the same. They've had highs and lows throughout the decades and have never won a national championship since Warner's title in 1926.
Stanford and Notre Dame next met in 1942. The Indians were playing a road game in South Bend and were led by Marchmont Schwartz, who had been a star running back under Knute Rockne in 1929 and 1930. The Irish were led by Frank Leahy, who was about to become Notre Dame's second legendary coach after Rockne, and reestablish the Irish as the premier team in the country. ND pounded Stanford 27-0 and the teams wouldn't meet for another two decades.
The Indians and the Fighting Irish finally inked a proper home and home series for the 1963 and 1964 seasons. Unfortunately, neither program had much talent to display in that first season. A bad Stanford team beat an equally bad Notre Dame squad 24-14 at Stanford Stadium to give the Indians their first win in the series. The Fighting Irish hired Ara Parseghian to coach ND in 1964, and that year's Notre Dame team whipped Stanford 28-6 in South Bend. The game was still not considered a rivalry and would be shelved for over 20 years.
The Notre Dame-Stanford game finally became a yearly affair in 1988. The home and home pattern was set where the Cardinal would travel to South Bend in October on even years and host at Stanford Stadium after the Big Game on odd years, mirroring the arrangement the Irish have with USC. 1988 was a banner year for Notre Dame, the Irish would kick off a campaign that saw them win their most recent championship with an undefeated campaign. Stanford had less success, and a bad Cardinal team was driven out of South Bend in a 42-14 beatdown.
During the 1989 season, the Legends Trophy was introduced by the Notre Dame Club of the San Francisco Bay Area. The Trophy features an Irish crystal bowl that sits on a base made out of California Redwood which records the scores of every meeting between the teams. It is the traveling trophy of the series and has helped make the rivalry a special event for players and fans.
Stanford got its first win in the modern series in 1990. In a shocking upset, the undefeated and #1 ranked Irish lost at home to the 1-3 Cardinal by a 31-36 score. Stanford won in South Bend again in 1992, as the #18 Cardinal again upset undefeated Notre Dame. It was the Irish's only loss that season and ended their hopes for a national championship. The Fighting Irish won the 1993 and 1994 meetings and the series would go on a brief hiatus before being resumed in 1997, it has been played annually ever since.
Stanford initially had a good deal of success in the resumed rivalry, winning three of their first five meetings against Notre Dame. The Irish, who had struggled in the late 1990's, decided to fix their problems by hiring Cardinal head coach Tyrone Willingham. Willingham's departure was a huge blow to Stanford's program, and even though Willingham didn't work out in South Bend, the Irish would continue dominate the series.
Notre Dame won eight games in a row over Stanford from 2002 to 2008, some by just a touchdown, others in blowout fashion. The Cardinal finally ended the streak in 2009 in a 45-38 home victory. The loss was the final nail in the coffin for Irish head coach Charlie Weis, who was replaced by Brian Kelly. Kelly would resuscitate the Notre Dame program which had been playing well below expectations for most of the 2000's. This rise back to prominence mirrored Stanford's own growth during the Jim Harbaugh and David Shaw tenures at The Farm.
In the past decade, the Stanford-Notre Dame rivalry has become a much more important series. In addition to being a celebrated yearly matchup, one or both teams usually enters the game ranked, and frequently BCS or Playoff hopes have been on the line.
In 2010, Stanford won their first game in South Bend since 1992 with a 37-14 victory en route to their first Orange Bowl appearance in school history. In 2011, both teams entered the game ranked for the first time since '92, and a 28-14 Cardinal victory gave Stanford it's only three-game winning streak in the history of the rivalry. Notre Dame's controversial overtime win over the Cardinal in 2012 preserved the Irish's unbeaten season and handed Stanford one of only two losses on the year. Notre Dame defeated the Cardinal in similarly bitter fashion in 2014. Stanford's last second victory in 2015 prevented the Fighting Irish from making the College Football Playoff. The Cardinal have won the most recent game 17-10 in South Bend.
Since overcoming the Irish in 2009, the Cardinal have won six of the last eight meetings, but Notre Dame leads the all-time series 19-12.
How Crowdsourcing Can Solve Otherwise Intractable Real-World Problems
from the see?-it-can-be-useful dept
Although crowdsourcing is all the rage at the moment, there has to be a worry that this is just the latest fad in the world of technology, and will soon follow portals and the blink tag into justified oblivion. Occasionally, though, an application of crowdsourcing appears that seems to address a real problem in a way that would be otherwise intractable.
In the UK, the authorities have discovered that a deadly disease affecting ash trees has started to spread from the rest of Europe, where it has been destroying forests for some time -- in Denmark and Sweden, 90% of ash trees are affected. The challenge is to find as many of the outbreaks of the disease as quickly as possible, in an attempt to stop it spreading even more widely to the UK's 80 million ash trees.
That's an impossible task given the limited number of scientists and experts available, and the large number of forests scattered over a wide area. So researchers at the University of East Anglia have come up with the idea of enlisting the public using a smartphone app. Clearly, untrained observers would be unable to make reliable assessments of outbreaks directly. But what they can do is to photograph ash trees that look as if they might be infected (pdf), and send these images to experts who would then decide whether further action needs to be taken: The free "Ashtag" app will make it possible for anyone to take a photo of diseased leaves, shoots or bark and send it remotely to plant pathologists to identify whether or not the tree isinfected.
As well as collecting photographic evidence, the app also uses geo-tagging software to give a precise location of infected trees -- allowing researchers and authorities to build up a picture of where the dieback is happening. This can then be used to target areas for culling to stop the spread of the disease. As that points out, geotagging allows the individual photographs to be aggregated to form an overall picture of where the infection is concentrated in the country. That will permit action to be taken where it most needed, and will also provide a picture of how the disease is spreading. Crowdsourcing is really the only way to gather so much information from such a large area, so quickly, and on a continuous basis.
Other benefits of this approach are that it allows members of the public to become engaged with scientific work, and to contribute directly to the fight against this disease. Too often people feel alienated from the research they are paying for through their taxes, and frustrated that they can't do more to tackle an issue that concerns them. Crowdsourcing helps to tackle both problems.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and on Google+
Filed Under: ash trees, crowdsourcing, disease, solving problems
Officials argue that the portal had become redundant and closing it would save $70,000 over the next three years. The administration had "broken new ground in ensuring our government is both ethical and accessible to the American people," according to officials, because the White House had issued more press passes and prohibited lobbyists from getting federal positions. The data from open.gov will be rolled over into the open.whitehouse.gov portal in the coming months.
The move was immediately condemned by transparency advocates. "By announcing a return to secrecy for White House visitor logs, the Trump administration has continued to evade public accountability and transparency for the highest office," John Wonderlich, executive director of the Sunlight Foundation said in a statement. "While this action is no surprise for a President whose tax returns remain secret, who has proclaimed the free press the enemy of the American people, and who has refused to fully divest from his businesses, the White House's failure to disclose visitor logs demonstrates again that American leadership on open government will not come from this Presidency."
This isn't the first time that the administration has sought to obfuscate information. In mid-February the White House cleared a large amount of data from open.whitehouse.gov. The positions of White House CIO and chief digital officer, which spearheaded digital transparency initiatives under Obama, have yet to be filled as well.
As for the visitor logs, White House communications director Michael Dubke claimed that they are being kept secret due to "the grave national security risks and privacy concerns of the hundreds of thousands of visitors annually." The president is also relying on a federal court ruling that found that the logs count as "presidential records" and therefore not eligible for FOIA requests. This is a sharp departure from Obama's policy, which voluntarily granted access to more than 6 million documents during his administration.
Strangely, as seemingly with all of Trump's executive decisions, there is a prognosticating tweet from the president himself from 2012:
Backers of deposed president Mohamed Morsi clash with his opponents, security forces in the streets of Cairo and elsewhere across the country.
As many continue to celebrate the removal of Mohamed Morsi from the presidency, his supporters gather in protest, resulting in conflict with the military and security forces.
As many continue to celebrate the removal of Mohamed Morsi from the presidency, his supporters gather in protest, resulting in conflict with the military and security forces.
Islamist supporters of ousted president Mohamed Morsi clashed with Egyptian security forces and fought brutal street battles with Morsi opponents deep into early hours of Saturday morning, as violence surged following Wednesday's military coup.
The violence left at least 30 people dead, and more than 1,000 injured across the country, according to Egypt's health ministry.
Frustrated, angry civilians divided themselves into warring camps that went after each other with clubs, rocks and gasoline bombs over a major bridge and thoroughfares in central Cairo, in scenes that recalled the revolution that ousted autocrat Hosni Mubarak in 2011.
So chaotic and fast-moving were events that Egyptian television news broadcasters split their screens into not just two but often three competing scenes of violent unrest.
Near midnight, government troops in armored personnel carriers roared up to protect state media offices from advancing crowds of Morsi supporters. Many of them were drawn from the ranks of the Muslim Brotherhood, which suddenly finds itself shoved out of power and into a more familiar role as an oppressed opposition group.
The day's turbulent developments reflect an ominously divided country, and region. From beyond Egypt, radical Web sites called for jihad against the nation's military, even as most Arab governments continued to look on approvingly of the coup. The United States has expressed concern but has generally avoided taking sides.
The president's ouster “divided this country in two,” said Ali Mohamed Serag, a bureaucrat at Egypt's Ministry of Electricity. He said he did not belong to the Brotherhood but was distraught by the military's action: “If people are mad at Obama, they don't kick him out in a coup.”
Islamist activists chanted that they would see their legitimate president restored to power or die as martyrs. They vowed not to leave their encampment around the Rabia al-Adawiya mosque until the democratically elected head of state is restored.
Addressing tens of thousands of supporters outside the mosque Friday evening, Mohammed Badie, the supreme guide of the Muslim Brotherhood, called for an end to “the military coup” and demanded that the armed forces return Morsi to power.
“All of these millions will stay in the fields, in the squares, until we carry our elected president, President Mohamed Morsi, on our shoulders,” he told the cheering crowd. “Our peacefulness is stronger than your bullets, stronger than tanks and armored vehicles.”
Another speaker called Morsi's forced removal an assault on the dignity of the people of Egypt. “There are Americans and Zionists behind this,” said the cleric, Salah Sultan.
A mile away, a tense standoff developed outside the gates of the Republican Guard officers club, where Morsi supporters think the former president is being held under house arrest alongside a dozen close aides. According to pro-
Morsi eyewitnesses, Egyptian security forces opened fire with birdshot and launched tear gas at Morsi supporters demonstrating outside the gates.
View Graphic Military rule in Egypt
At least one young man was killed by a shot to the head, the moment recorded in a widely circulated and gruesome video clip.
Tahrir Square, meanwhile, began to fill with Egyptians who supported Morsi's removal and who had heeded calls to defend the renowned protest arena from Morsi's backers.
Morsi and dozens of his Muslim Brotherhood loyalists were detained Wednesday night and Thursday even as Egypt's newly named interim president promised to include the Brotherhood in a national unity government. Morsi and his top aides were placed under house arrest, and at least three other Brotherhood officials were taken into custody.
The group's strongman and deputy chief, Khairat el-Shater, was arrested Friday, according to the Interior Ministry. Islamist leader Hazem Salah Abu Ismail and his brother were also reported to have been arrested, on charges of instigating the killing of anti-Morsi protesters. Abu Ismail has a large following among Salafists, and his arrest could mobilize angry followers of the puritanical Islamist movement, analysts said.
The interim president, Adly Mansour, a little-known judge from the constitutional court, further consolidated his power Friday by dissolving Egypt's Islamist-dominated upper house of parliament, state television reported. The Shura Council had taken up legislative powers after a court order dissolved the lower house last year.
On Friday, the African Union suspended Egypt's membership, saying the ouster of Morsi — Egypt's first democratically elected president — falls under the organization's doctrine on unconstitutional government changes.
The U.S. State Department condemned Friday's violence and urged the Egyptian people to “come together to resolve their differences peacefully, without recourse to violence or the use of force.”
Judging by the mood on the streets, there seemed little prospect of that.
“We will have our legitimate president, or we will die as martyrs,” said Mohamed Abu el-Makatem, an agronomist who traveled from Alexandria to the Rabia al-Adawiya Mosque to attend the demonstrations. Some of the men wept as they prayed. Military helicopters circled the area, and jets streaked overhead.
Many in the pro-Morsi crowd waved the red, white and black Egyptian flag, just as thousands of anti-Morsi protesters had done Wednesday before the military forced the president from power. To the right of the stage, the black flag with white lettering used by the extremist group al-Qaeda and its affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra, which is fighting alongside Syrian rebels against President Bashar al-
Assad, was clearly visible.
The potential for violence became apparent early Friday when suspected Islamist militants attacked security forces in at least four sites in the tumultuous northern Sinai Peninsula region, according to local news reports that cited security officials.
One security official was killed and three were injured in a rocket attack on a police checkpoint near the Rafah border crossing into the Gaza Strip. Other attacks were reported on a police station and the el-Arish airport. Egyptian security forces promptly sealed the border with Gaza until further notice.
Radical Islamists, inside and outside of Egypt, have called for violence to reverse the military coup. A posting on a jihadist Web site Friday announced the creation of a group, Ansar al-Sharia in Egypt, or Partisans for Sharia in Egypt, with the stated goal of arming and training Egyptian Muslims to wage war against the new government.
“We offer our blood in the place of Muslims and their honor,” stated the Web posting, a translation of which was provided by Site Intelligence Group, a nonprofit organization that monitors jihadist Web sites. The group rejected democracy as anti-Islamic and called on Egyptian Muslims to “truly rise against everyone who stands in the path of implementation of the Sharia,” or Islamic law. It singled out Egypt's Christian minority for responsibility for the coup.
Two of al-Qaeda's largest affiliates in the region also called for violence to overthrow the military-installed government. The Somalia-based al-Shabab declared in a statement that “change comes by the bullet alone, not the ballot.” And a Web posting by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb called the Egyptian coup a “cancer” inflicted by the United States and Israel. It said Egyptians should insist on ridding the country of everything non-Muslim.
Amro Hassan, Abigail Hauslohner and Sharaf al-Hourani in Cairo and William Branigin, Joby Warrick and Debbi Wilgoren in Washington contributed to this report.
Play
What is it about modern friendships that makes us sociable and lonely at the same time? And what does a friend mean, really? At a recent TEDx Talk in Chennai (video above) titled “What we don't say about friendship”, journalist and author Manu Joseph took a stab at making sense of these questions, which took him back to his days of studying for engineering entrance exams.
He didn't have any friends at the time, he said. “It was so bad that I wanted the government to appoint my friends and make it illegal for people to ignore me.” At one point, he said he wondered if being friends meant you just insulted one another, watching young people around him “bonding” in this manner.
But the dynamics of these seemingly complex connections appear to have changed in the time of social media networks. Modern friendship is transforming the world in very profound ways, felt Joseph. “It's the golden age of friendship. But we are still lonely,” he said in his 17-minute long talk, sprinkled with irreverent humour. It is complicated to belong in a time we want to be free.
So why do we bother forming these links? Perhaps because it serves our own ideas? “Friendship is a corroboration of biases...We get confirmation about our beliefs from other people.” Not just beliefs, be it political or social, but also how we view our own image. Earlier, it wasn't easy to get compliments, pointed out Joseph. But in the age of social media, you don't need to do anything special to be showered with all kinds of praise.
In effect, by surrounding ourselves with “friends” who think just like us and will likely echo our own views, we are just complimenting ourselves.
So what does that make today's definition of friends? “They are people we probably love, but who we cannot own. So we'll enjoy them, but they will never solve our loneliness.”
So much gossip on the internet is doom and gloom ridden talk about the Antichrist.
That wise prophet Archbishop Fulton Sheen in Communism and the Conscience of the West discusses the Antichrist:
The Antichrist will not be so called; otherwise he would have no followers. He will not wear red tights, nor vomit sulphur, nor carry a trident nor wave an arrowed tail as Mephistopheles in Faust. This masquerade has helped the Devil convince men that he does not exist. When no man recognizes him, the more power he exercises.
We must always remember that Satan comes as an angel of light. What he presents is always eminently reasonable. He offers the seemingly sensible way, the soft way, the way of compromise and ease. If he showed himself as the monster he is all would run howling in terror. Instead he offers a way out when we are in a jam, an alternative when the way of Christ seems difficult.
Nowhere in Sacred Scripture do we find warrant for the popular myth of the Devil as a buffoon who is dressed like the first “red.” Rather is he described as an angel fallen from heaven, as “the Prince of this world,” whose business it is to tell us that there is no other world.
All the world's systems combine to convince us of this fact. Materialism: there is no other world. This is it. Scientism only scientifically tested knowledge is valid.Historicism there is not over-arching providence. History is random.Evolutionism the natural world develops at random. There is no divine plan.Utilitarianism what works is all that matters. Efficiency and economy are our gods.Moral Relativism there is no great Law. Therefore you may do as you wish. In fact this is the motto of diabolism: “Do as you Will.”
His logic is simple: if there is no heaven there is no hell; if there is no hell, then there is no sin; if there is no sin, then there is no judge, and if there is no judgment then evil is good and good is evil. But above all these descriptions, Our Lord tells us that he will be so much like Himself that he would deceive even the elect–and certainly no devil ever seen in picture books could deceive even the elect.
Of course the elect will be deceived and follow the antichrist. They already do. To see what I mean continue reading Archbishop Sheen.
How will he come in this new age to win followers to his religion?The pre-Communist Russian belief is that he will come disguised as the Great Humanitarian; he will talk peace, prosperity and plenty not as means to lead us to God, but as ends in themselves.
Always beware the promise of a better world. There is always a price to pay for Utopia. Do not swallow the bait. Remember there is always free cheese in a mousetrap. Do not spend your time making this world a better place without first making sure you are going to the Best Place. The antichrist always offers us this world. He offered Christ himself all the kingdoms of this world. He does the same to us. He offers a wonderful world…one without God and his Son Christ the King.
The antichrist will not believe in God, but he will be religious. Watch the political leaders give lip service to Christianity and the Church. During the election the politician will pray to get into office. After the election the people pray to get him out of office. The antichrist follows the Lord of this World and you can tell because all he cares about is this world.
Because his religion will be brotherhood of Man without the fatherhood of God, he will deceive even the elect. He will set up a counter church which will be the ape of the Church, because he, the Devil, is the ape of God. It will have all the notes and characteristics of the Church, but in reverse and emptied of its divine content. It will be a mystical body of the Antichrist that will in all externals resemble the mystical body of Christ. . . .
“The Ape of God” what a phrase! It reminds me of The Last Battle by C.S.Lewis in which an ape named Shift finds an old lion skin and persuades a stupid donkey named Puzzle to dress up as Aslan. The faithful Narnians are fooled by Shift and Puzzle because they had already given in and forgotten about Aslan. They had already compromised, so when the anti Aslan appeared they fell down before him.
American Christians need to wake up. Already most of us have adapted to the Spirit of the new age. Already we have compromised our standards and lowered our defenses. It has been a slow, gradual process, but why do we think that we might stand up to the antichrist when we have already swallowed his candy?
Christians–look at the world around you. How many church leaders do you know who already preach a gospel that is no more than watered down socialism? How many sweet talking, smiling preachers do you already know who parade their political activism while neglecting the reality of Christ's true gospel? How many religious people do you know who already believe that it is all about the brotherhood of Man while neglecting the Fatherhood of God?
Already they have put before us “a new religion without a Cross, a liturgy without a world to come, a religion to destroy a religion, or a politics which is a religion–one that renders unto Caesar even the things that are God's.”
There are signs that tea party calls to repeal the 17th Amendment — taking the selection of U.S. Senators out of the hands of voters and putting it in the hands of state governments — are proving to be a bridge too far for Republican candidates desperate to steal some of the movement's mojo. In the past couple weeks, at least two mainstream Republican candidates have found themselves walking back from pledges to support repealing the amendment, suggesting there's a limit to how much support the tea parties can provide.
The “Repeal The 17th” movement is a vocal part of the overall tea party structure. Supporters of the plan say that ending the public vote for Senators would give the states more power to protect their own interests in Washington (and of course, give all of us “more liberty” in the process.) As their process of “vetting” candidates, some tea party groups have required candidates to weigh in on the idea of repeal in questionnaires. And that's where the trouble starts.In Ohio, Steve Stivers — the Republican attempting to unseat Democratic Rep. Mary Jo Kilroy in the state's 15th District — came under fire from Democrats when it was revealed he had checked the box saying he would repeal the 17th Amendment on a tea party survey (see question 11 here).
Kilroy's campaign set up a website slamming Stivers for the stance, and attacked him in the press.
Stivers flip-flopped almost immediately, telling the Columbus Dispatch that despite the survey (and a January quote in The Hill), he didn't know what he was saying when he called for an end to Senators elected directly by the people they represent.
“I made a mistake,” Stivers told the paper. “I answered that question wrong. It was not intentional.”
In Idaho, Republican Vaughn Ward is in a similar pickle. Ward, the NRCC's choice to challenge Rep. Walt Minnick (D), is currently locked in a primary fight with state Rep. Raul Labrador. As happens so often in Republican primaries these days, the candidates are doing their best to appeal to the ultra-conservative vote. (And considering that Minnick is the lone Democrat to be called a Hero by the Tea Party Express, we're talking extra tasty crispy conservative here.)
On April 30, Ward told a TV audience in Boise that he, like Labrador, favored repealing the 17th Amendment. But after the issue drew some heat in the press, Ward thought better of the idea and changed his tune.
“I do not want to take away the power of people to elect senators,” Ward told the Spokesman-Review newspaper. “What I do support is amending the Constitution and adding a two-term limit for U.S. senators.”
Ward said “I'm not changing position, I'm clarifying,” but reporters in Idaho called it like it was. One columnist put it this way: “Um, no.”
Tea Party Boise President Brendan Smythe told me Ward's new take on the 17th Amendment is a “massive flip-flop.” He said that Ward's change of heart “means a lot to us” and could have an effect on Ward's chances in Idaho's May 25 primary.
“It sounds to me like he's answering to the GOP machine,” Smythe said. He said that most establishment Republicans in Idaho don't support repealing the amendment and he speculated that they may have influenced Ward's decision to change his mind on the issue.
“He probably got some advice from the incumbents,” Smythe told me. “[Ward's reversal] is typical party before country behavior. That's all it is.”
There are, of course, plenty of conservative Republicans who favor repealing the 17th Amendment. Tim Bridgewater, the man who got the most votes at the Utah GOP convention that ousted Sen. Bob Bennett, says on his website that he'd support rewriting the constitution to put the power of choosing Senators in the hands of the states. And Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) has actually put forward legislation that would repeal the amendment.
For their part, some long-time proponents of repealing the amendment say that they wish it wasn't associated with today's far-right. John W. Truslow, III
, who heads up the non-partisan Campaign To Restore Federalism
said that the fact that the tea party has taken up the cause could do more harm than good. He said that repealing the 17th Amendment has long been a cause of those who want the federal government's power over the states to be limited — which often means supporters of the ideology currently not in power in Washington. In the case of the tea party though, Truslow said what he called the group's inevitable decline could take repeal of the 17th Amendment with it.
“I wish it was more than the tea partiers who were talking about it,” he told me today. “I'm worried that the idea will get so tied to the tea partiers that as the tea party gets discredited the idea will get discredited too.”
Some Republican candidates seem to feel the same way about their own credibility. Their brief flirtation with the repealing the 17th Amendment — which appears to have been born out of trying to curry favor with the the tea parties — ended after it threatened to make them look too extreme.
Late Update: Shortly after this post was published yesterday, Tea Party Boise endorsed Raul Labrador in the Idaho Congressional race. According to KTVB-TV, the tea party group chose Labrador because, among other things, he's “more thoughtful and knowledgeable” than Vaughn Ward.
Many think it is unfair, or that there is no need to have all websites running on HTTPS. We look at it from a different angle; as Google said will it really make the internet a better and more secure place?
A few weeks back Google announced that it will use HTTPS (HTTP over TLS) as a ranking signal, thus encouraging every website owner to run the website on HTTPS. Google took this decision in the hope that one day all of us can have a more secure and safer internet. But even though having every website running on HTTPS is all for the common good of the internet many people questioned Google's move.
Questioning the Facts: Is HTTPS Necessary for All Websites?
Browsing the internet you cannot but notice that a lot of people are complaining and questioning Google's decision; why should Google police the internet? Why should static, read only websites run on HTTPS?
Many think that HTTPS is only used to encrypt the communication between two end points, hence it is not needed when browsing read only websites; it is only needed when submitting sensitive data over the internet, such as credentials or credit card details.
In reality HTTPS has several other purposes other than encryption and Google's decision makes a lot of sense if we want a safer and more secure internet, as this article explains.
What is the Use of HTTPS?
HTTPS, or as technically known Hypertext Transfer Protocol over Secure Socket Layer serves for three main purposes, all of which are listed in this section.
HTTPS is used for Authentication
When browsing a website over a normal HTTP connection it is not possible to verify the owner of a website, hence there is no guarantee that the website really belongs to the company or brand it claims. On the other hand if a website is running on HTTPS it is possible to verify the owner of the website from the details in the HTTPS certificate.
When applying for an HTTPS certificate businesses have to provide official documentation and go through a number of verification checks to prove that the business is legitimate and that they own a specific website and domain, hence making it possible to verify the owner of a website from its HTTPS certificate.
If all websites were to run on HTTPS it would be possible for everyone to verify the website owner, thus protecting internet users from a number of attacks. For example malicious hackers take advantage of this limitation and the fact that users cannot and do not verify the website owner since most websites still run on HTTP. So they build phishing websites, i.e. a website that looks like a legitimate business website, such as an online banking portal and trick their victims into visiting their website. Once the victims visit the phishing site, thinking that it is a legitimate website they submit their online banking details, which are then recorded by the phishing website for the attacker to use.
HTTPS is used to Encrypt Communication
When browsing a website over HTTPS the communication between your browser and the website is encrypted; it cannot be read by third parties even if captured, thus ensuring privacy. Encryption should ALWAYS be available, even when browsing read only / static websites. If the communication is not encrypted, it is possible for a third party to monitor your activity. And by monitoring your activity an attacker can build a wealth of information on what browsing intends you have, hence making yourself an easier target.
For example if the attacker notices that you are looking for something specific, he or she can easily trick you into a phishing attack. For those who are not familiar with such term, a phishing attack is the activity of defrauding an online account holder of financial information by posing as a legitimate company.
Therefore by encrypting all communication, even when browsing read only and static websites you are actually improving your privacy and making it more difficult for attackers to target you.
HTTPS Ensures Data Integrity
When browsing a website over a normal unencrypted HTTP connection your data can be captured by third parties and modified in transit, hence it is not possible to guarantee that the data you received is legitimate. Such type of attacks could lead to misinformation and make it easier for attackers to craft an attack against you. On the other hand, when browsing a website over an HTTPS connection the communication between the website and the visitor's web browser is encrypted. Therefore if such data is captured it cannot be tampered with, ensuring data integrity.
Ensuring that the data that reached you have not been tampered with is very important, even when browsing a read only / static website. For example if you are following a guide to setup your VPN client, how can you make sure that the guide you are reading was written by the developer and not by a malicious hacker that has written the guide to fool users to connect to his server? It is only possible to very that if the website is running on HTTPS.
Does HTTPS Make a Better and More Secure Internet?
Yes – if every website runs on HTTPS the internet will be a better, safer and more secure place. There will be fewer attack opportunities for malicious hackers to exploit. By encrypting all communication internet users can also better protect their own privacy and can verify that the content they are reading is legitimate, and the data has not been tampered with.
Therefore were Google right to enforce HTTPS on every website? Yes they were, although technically speaking they never enforced anyone; they are just telling web masters that if they want to keep ranking well in search engine results they should implement HTTPS. It is all for the common good.
LAST week, David Cameron made a plea to the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
"Let the message ring out," he said, "from Manchester to Motherwell, from Pembrokeshire to Perth, from Belfast to Bute, from us to the people of Scotland - let the message be this: we want you to stay."
But how do the residents of the rest of the UK really feel about Scotland? I went to Nottingham, in the heart of England, to find out. What message would Notts send to Nairn? Should we stay or should we go?
Nottingham is a very English city - home to the legendary Robin Hood, and the place where Charles I raised his standard at the beginning of the English Civil War.
It is a place with a strong sense of Englishness and particular brand of nationalism. The city is at the heart of English Defence League and British National Party territory. Charnwood - which, according to a WikiLeaked document contained the highest concentration of BNP members in 2009 - isn't far from here. Ripley, the town with the highest concentration of English-born residents, is nearby. We are touching England's heart.
The question I came here to ask is: "What do you think of Scottish independence?" And, though I tended to preface the question by admitting it was an odd one to be asking to ask in the middle of Nottingham, blank bewilderment was a common response. "Don't know anything about it," said one interviewee. "We've got enough of our own troubles, to start worrying about that," replied another. "As long as they still sell haggis here, they can do what they like," said someone else.
A consultant headteacher said her philosophy has always been "stronger together". She said she worked with some schools that are too small and that when they work together they are stronger.
Sarah Hughes, who works for a bus firm, said: "My family come from Wales and I can see how good it is to have your own parliament … Having people hundreds of miles away trying to govern you ben't good."
"I think it's lovely that we are a United Kingdom," noted Pamela Mawston, who is part German. "But I can understand why people want independence. Personally, I'd quite like independence from Westminster. They don't seem to do a lot for many people."
Doreen Fish, aged nearly 90, was in the Wrens and stationed in Tain during the Second World War. "I did enjoy my time up there," she said. Two of her children now live in Scotland.
But she said: "This is the British Isles and I would be sorry if it separated off. I think they should leave well alone really. If Scotland does that, probably Wales will start wanting to do it. And it's sad really, isn't it? But there we are, progress."
One person I interviewed, journalism and politics student Joe Soltysik, had read the White Paper, Scotland's Future. He said: "I don't think they'll vote for it. But if they do I think it'll be a bit of a shame. I like Britain and I like Scotland as part of it. We've always been Britain haven't we? Since James I.
"I think Scotland is a bloody lovely place. I've been to the Edinburgh Festival, been to T in the Park and I've got Scottish friends as well."
Occasionally, people seemed almost envious. "You should do it," said Bill Dobson, who had recently protested against the bedroom tax. "Scotland's got it right. No prescription fees, no bedroom tax. You're better off governing yourselves."
Many, however, were concerned for us. "I would wonder if Scotland could manage on its own," said Jane Craig. And Debbie Welch pondered: "I suppose I would think it would be a bit worrying for the Scots for their economy. I'm concerned it won't be good for them."
Some also expressed fear that Scots might vote Yes for all the wrong reasons. "The truth is," said Mike James, "do the Scots like the English? No. If I go to a pub in Scotland, I am guaranteed to hear English-bashing of some sort of another. What worries me more than anything else is that the Scots will make a decision based on racism."
But Nottingham is also not without its links to Scotland. I met Sheriff of Nottingham, Ian Malcolm - the man who last year pulled off the publicity stunt of pardoning Robin Hood. He agreed to talk to me not in any official capacity, but personally, as a citizen whose grandfather was a Scot, and a man whose view is informed by the fact that he is a self-confessed "history geek".
He said he "would be very sad" if Scotland left the Union. Malcolm's great-grandfather left his job as an Edinburgh waiter in 1898 to set up a restaurant in Nottingham. "That gives me an insight into how the people who are half-Scots, or Scots living in England, must be feeling. It's a bit like your parents or your grandparents were getting divorced."
He also noted that there were many Scots and part-Scots here. I came across a few. Nicola Royan, who grew up in Fife, is an academic at Nottingham University specialising in Older Scots literature. She is also president of the Scottish Text Society. A poster of the film Brave decorates her office door. She said: "This is happening in Scotland and at the moment it's a Scottish debate. But actually, this should be a UK-wide debate."
She was concerned about how little attention the English media was giving the issue. "It's like there's this little thing about to go bang up north and the press need to think through what the implications might be if this country separates … the oil, the water, a whole series of natural resources."
Another Scot, Warwick Adams, who born in Biggar and raised in East Kilbride, is now secretary of the nearby Ashbourne Highland Gathering, the largest gathering outside Scotland. Adams said he would be a Yes, were he north of the Border.
"Personally, I'm sorry I'm not part of it. People down here don't know what the fuss is about - they're concerned about other things. A lot of the discussion you hear is about the sentimental attachment to Great Britain - they don't see why it's an issue for the Scots. I've a friend who says, 'What more is independence going to give you? I hear that the Scots are getting subsidised by England anyway'."
Meanwhile, some feel that the drive for Scottish independence has already had positive side-effects, in galvanising a new sense of Englishness and pushing a drive towards the setting up of an English parliament.
"The stronger Scotland and Wales have become, the more people have started to think about England and England's identity," said Eddie Bone, spokesman for the Campaign for an English Parliament. "The British identity is starting to crumble, starting to die out. The older generation is holding on to British identity, but younger ones growing up with devolution are doing so less."
However, that's not exactly what I saw. The younger generation in Nottingham still seemed keener on being British than English. Joe, a student, told me he identifies with being British, but added: "I think because of the BNP and the EDL we don't want to be nationalistic."
It was also apparent that "English" was not an identity that the immigrant and non-white population find as easy to relate to as "British". People, very often, were rejecting national identities.
"I would say I'm British," said Eshak Adu. "When I'm British it makes me feel more human, when I say I'm English I feel more segregated. But most of all I would say I was human."
In his speech at the Olympic Park, David Cameron said: "For me, the best thing about the Olympics wasn't the winning. It was the red, the white, the blue." He asked people to say "stay".
Judging by my visit to Nottingham, I think they're saying something more like: "You can go if you want, but we'd probably prefer you not to." It's not like a lover who couldn't care less, but one who wants the best for the other. And those who do care want the Scots to choose what is best for them.
One Nottingham dweller, Mike James, put it this way: "It's up to the people of Scotland to decide. I truly believe people should have their own autonomy and if the people of Scotland feel they need to be auto­nomous, then that's their choice."
Despite protests from the band All Shall Perish, the identities of 80 alleged file-sharers of their music are set to be handed over to a Panama-based copyright troll. The manager of the band says he is shocked and angry that the troll had obtained the rights to All Shall Perish's music and has ordered the band's German-based label to call off the dogs. "The band, their attorney and myself have and will continue to take any steps to protect fans, yes, even those who file trade," he told us.
As reported last month, a lawsuit filed April 20th in the US District Court For The Middle District of Florida is targeting fans of American metal band All Shall Perish (ASP).
Two issues made this case stand out. One, this is the first time sharers of music have been sued since the RIAA ended its infamous campaign. Two, the suing of All Shall Perish's fans is being done without the band's permission. Indeed, the band's label, Nuclear Blast, didn't even tell ASP that they'd signed over the rights to Panama-based World Digital Rights so that they could sue.
TorrentFreak has kept in touch with ASP manager Ryan Downey who has been hoping that the lawsuit would be withdrawn. However, we discovered that World Digital Rights have persisted with their lawsuit and earlier this month were granted permission from Judge Sheri Polster Chappell to obtain the identities of 80 alleged file-sharers from US ISPs.
We informed Downey of the development and he and the band's lawyer went away to see what could be done.
“The band's attorney made it clear to the licensing people [at Nuclear Blast Records] that the band wanted no part in lawsuits against fans. The industry is changing, illegal downloading is troublesome for bands and of course, for record labels, but whatever the solution will be – streaming, subscription, Kickstarter, new ways of looking at it entirely, whatever comes about – the band and I are in agreement (as is their lawyer) that SUING MUSIC FANS SURE ISN'T IT,” Downey told TorrentFreak.
But of course, when this story broke last month Nuclear Blast were already aware that the band didn't support suing fans yet either couldn't or wouldn't stop World Digital Rights persisting with the lawsuit. Clearly the band's protests needed underlining.
“The licensing folks at Nuclear Blast in Germany took all of this to mean we wanted them to prevent World Digital Rights from pursuing any new actions / claims. I don't know how we could have been more clear, but, we emphasized again, after receiving your email and being made aware of these new developments, that what we were saying all along was DISMISS ANY AND ALL LAWSUITS AGAINST ALL SHALL PERISH FANS,” Downey told us.
Then this week there appeared to be a breakthrough.
“We were informed [Wednesday] by Nuclear Blast that they would tell World Digital to dismiss all of this. Furthermore, we have pressed (yet again) to ensure the copyright registration returns to the band as owners of all recordings, as nobody else had the right to register the band's copyrights as World Digital seems to have either done or attempted at some point.”
But while Downey has answered questions and been very responsive, the same cannot be said about Nuclear Blast. Request for comment sent to several members of staff, from those in the licensing department to the label owner, were not responded to.
That said, the silence is not unexpected. While Downey has gone out of his way to be unfailingly polite when speaking to us about Nuclear Blast, using terms such as “hardworking”, “passionate”, “communicative” and “supportive”, it's impossible to overlook the fact that someone there transferred the rights to the band's music over to a troll without even having the courtesy to mention it. And that troll continued with the lawsuit despite knowing the band were against it.
The best outcome now is that the whole thing goes away, but it's still possible that World Digital Rights will persist and people will get settlement demands through the mail. If that happens, recipients will have someone to turn to.
“The band, their attorney and myself have and will continue to take any steps to protect their fans, yes, even those who file trade,” Downey told us. “The band would prefer that their fans legally purchase, stream or otherwise enjoy their music. But they definitely have not, will not and do not wish to sue their fans.”
If any reader receives a letter from World Digital Rights, write to us at the usual address.
Ambreen Sadiq is a boxer. She's a former UK national champion, has her own business teaching students how to box and coaches in her spare time. A play telling her story is being shown at the Edinburgh Festival.
Sadiq has faced serious prejudice from the British Muslim community, her neighbours, her school friends and even some members of her family. They have objected because of her religion, her sex - even what she wears.
“My dad's family are Pakistani Muslims and they're very into their community,” she says. “It was all 'you're bringing shame into the culture' because I'm an Asian Muslim girl. If I was a boy it wouldn't matter.”
Sadiq's parents, though, are supportive. Indeed, it was her younger brother and dad who got her interested in boxing in the first place, after they started doing it at the local gym.
“My mum wasn't that bothered. She just didn't want her girl to have a broken nose," Sadiq tells me. "My dad is quite modern and has grown with the times. He was up for it.”
'You're bringing shame to us'
The problem was with her aunts and uncles.
Sadiq tells me about her first boxing fight, when she was 15-years-old. Her extended family came to support her and, the day after, her parents threw her a party. But because her dad was away, her uncle stepped into the patriarchal role and approached her.
She remembers every word he said.
“You've done really good but it's your first and your last fight. You shouldn't do anymore because you're bringing shame to the family,” Sadiq recalls.
“I was like, 'I've been training for two years and at my party you tell me I can't fight'. I said: 'I'm sorry this is what I love'.
"Obviously, they weren't happy about it.”
The prejudice didn't stop there. So successful was Sadiq, that her boxing was featured in local newspapers and even a Channel 4 documentary. The whole community knew about her.
“[Neighbours and people from the mosque] would come up to me and say 'you're doing really good'. Then they'd go up to my mum and dad and say, 'what are you letting her box for?'”
Ambreen aged 15. Photo: Channel 4
At school it was even worse. “People said 'you're a transsexual, you're doing a man's sport, you've got muscles like a man',” she says. “I got bullied quite a bit.”
When her sister made a Facebook fan page, Sadiq even received death threats.
'Why do people want to kill me?'
“I thought, 'what have I got myself into?'” she says. “The negative side was more from other women. I had loads of them saying that I was making them look bad."
Sadiq says that the reaction from other women was worse than that from Muslim men.
"The negative side was from women. I had loads of them saying that I was making them look bad."
Muslim men took a mixed view. Some told her to keep going. But many confronted her and asked her what the hell she was doing.
"I was quite scared. I thought, 'what have I done that's so bad that people want to come and kill me?'
There can be little doubt that it's Sadiq's status as a Muslim woman that's caused so much controversy. So does she think that her religion, or gender, plays a bigger role?
“A lot of Muslim people say it's about religion," she says. "But I think it's more about the culture and how people have been brought up. Men and women are treated equally [in the religion]. In the culture, it's like the women should be at home cooking tea. The men put the food on the table.
READ: Islamophobia: why do so many young men hate Muslim women?
“It's like a stereotype: people grow up and see their mum at home and dad going to work. If you don't do that, it's different and it's not allowed. [Boxing]'s stereotyped as a male sport - people are punching each other in the face and trying to knock each other out. They see fighting as a boys' thing.”
But it isn't just her religion and gender that's caused Sadiq problems. The other issue the Muslim community has taken with her boxing is her clothing - the fact she gets into the ring wearing shorts and a vest.
It shows her arms and part of her legs. Even though Sadiq isn't a “strict practising Muslim” and doesn't wear a headscarf, her extended family was still up in arms.
'I don't want to look sexy'
“I told them, I'm not going in to look sexy - it's a uniform,” says Sadiq. “I even asked [the Amateur Boxing Association] to change it and let me wear tracksuit bottoms. But they said no. I have tried to change it.”
Luckily, her fellow boxers support her.
“I've dropped [knocked out] a couple of lads in my time,” she laughs. “The boxing boys are more understanding as to where I come from. They treat me like I'm a bloke really. I don't think I've ever got comments from the boxers in the gym. All the local lads come and support me.”
The cast of No Guts, No Heart, No Glory
Her siblings – three sisters and a brother – are all behind her, too. They don't miss a single match. But ithe lack of support from her wider community - although it has improved a bit since the early days - still bothers her.
“The hardest thing is not getting support from the Muslim community and the Asian community. It's getting [the message] out there that Muslim girls can do something different.”
She thinks everyone reacted so badly, at first, because it was a shock: “They didn't expect to see a Muslim girl box. It's like, oh my god, a woman's doing something. She's not staying at home and just being a housewife.”
Now, Sadiq's story is being told in a play. No Guts, No Heart, No Glory is being performed at the Edinburgh Festival and is the product of Sadiq's work with five Muslim female boxers, aged between 16 and 22. It comes as the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow saw female boxing included as a sport for the first time.
'You have to put yourself first'
“It's great that I can get my story out there,” says Sadiq. She wants to spread the message that Muslim girls can do whatever they want – whether dance, ballet, boxing, or football. “I think girls should be doing anything they want to be doing,” she insists.
Boxing was her saviour and helped her deal with racism. “I got bullied, people said your mum's a Portuguese this, your dad's a Paki this,” she says. “I took my aggression out on the [punch] bag. It helped me to be a happier person.
"Boxing for a female is so different, so the fact I was breaking down barriers pushed me on.”
Now, she's calmer: “When I train I do sometimes get my aggression out, but now I love doing it,” she says. “I've never been so passionate about any other sport.”
She tells me that even if her family hadn't supported her, she would have pursued boxing anyway.
“I still would have done it” she says. “I don't think I'd be the person I am today if I didn't box. If you don't have that support it's a lot harder but it's that chance you have to take for yourself. You have to put yourself first.”
And if she met another young Muslim girl in that position today? What would she tell her?
“I don't want to say 'go against your family's wishes'. That's quite rude. But it's making that choice as to whether or not you want to do it. It's such a hard question to answer because you don't want to disrespect anyone's feelings. Everyone's situation's different.
“Anything that you do, there are going to be people that are negative and don't like it. You have to decide: do you want to do what you love, or do you want to please other people?
"Don't let anyone get in the way of your dream no matter who it is. Parents should respect their daughters' feelings.”
WATCH: A video clip of No Guts, No Heart, No Glory
No Guts, No Heart, No Glory from Common Wealth on Vimeo.
Ambreen's story is being told in No Guts, No Heart, No Glory on at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe from 18-25 August
Right now in our western society there have never been more alternatives to the once traditional relationship model - that of the heterosexual couple heading up the family unit - and people are openly choosing from a much wider range of models to find happiness.
There are many examples of people whose chosen route might previously have caused them to be marginalised from conventional society, and author Sophie Tanner, from Brighton in the UK is one such person. Sophie chose to become a sologamist, which means she married herself.
It all began when she wrote a book on the subject. "I had just had a bad break-up and was emerging from my cocoon of sadness to find with relief that my generally optimistic personality had returned. At the time I was trying to write a really dark novel but it was depressing subject matter so I decided to scrap it and write about something that was positive, about a girl who decides to marry herself."
Tanner's novel Happily tells the story of a young woman, who is a one summer evening, after being told that she will never know what love is until she has children, decides to say 'Actually, I do know what love is, and... I do!' and announces to her friends that she's going to marry herself...
supplied Sophie Tanner's bridal party created a colouful procession through Brighton on her wedding day.
READ MORE:
* Why a wedding ring is no longer necessary
* Same-self marriage takes the maybe out of 'I do'
* Five myths about love
"The more I investigated the concept of self-marriage the more intrigued I became, and the story of Chloe - who has similar characteristics to myself - slowly emerged. I tapped into a lot of my own experiences and relationships as inspiration and wove them into the tapestry of Chloe's life. It was quite therapeutic. And most of the characters are an amalgamation of lots of different people I have met in my life. By the time I finished the novel it had been such a wonderful journey that I decided to go ahead and marry myself as a gesture of solidarity to my character Chloe, and to myself."
Marrying oneself is not legally binding, and it has been dismissed by some as simply narcissism dressed up in empty theatrics. Tanner could not disagree more, but she didn't shy away from a theatrical theme to her wedding day. "Because it is not a legally recognised ceremony and there aren't any rules I was required to follow I was free to tailor the ceremony as it suited me, which was great. It was an amazing day. I studied theatre and have always had a keen interest in performance and Brighton Fringe Festival – which was happening at the time - was the perfect platform for a solo wedding spectacle. I wanted to capture the main tropes of marriage so that passing onlookers would quickly understand what was happening and could feel like part of the event; there were 15 of us, all dressed in different brightly coloured dresses and we had rehearsed our dance moves. We processed through the gardens to the tune of Kendrick Lamar's I Love Myself, it was so much fun."
While the theatrics involved in the day were fun and light-hearted there was a more serious side to the event, in the way others reacted to it. "In a way it has revealed to me who my true friends and family are. I was most gratified by the positive support from the majority of them - my father didn't bat an eyelid when I asked him to give me away."
Tanner has come in for her fair share of criticism. "I've had some very interesting conversations, that's for sure. One guy said that I was pathetic, that I was shooting myself in the foot and would just end up old and lonely. I think everyone is entitled to their opinion and I can understand some people have a hard time getting their head around the concept. The main thing to remember is that I'm not hurting anyone else by doing this."
She rejects the criticism that sologomy is an empty gesture and puts forward a strong argument as to how going through the process to marry herself was a transformative one which has positively changed her outlook on herself, on society and her place within it.
supplied The bride's father Malcolm Tanner gave his daughter away - to herself.
"Having a ceremony in which I vowed to face my disappointments, embrace my dreams, realize my hopes and accept my failures has given me a great sense of security. Self-compassion is about being able to turn towards your experiences and learn from them which allows you a greater capacity for human connection. I spend more quality time with myself and the stability that comes with enjoying solitude means that I am more available to provide emotional support and practical help to family, friends and strangers."
Is it about rejecting mainstream relationships? "It's offering an alternative. Society still has a frankly antiquated expectation that every person should enter a heterosexual, monogamous, legally-binding partnership - which is required to maintain the patriarchal order - and this brings about a deeply engendered prejudice to the romantically unattached. There is still a strong stigma around being single, as if it's something you should have to justify, as if you've failed in some way. Self-marriage attempts to redress the balance. I am a firm believer that being single is a viable lifestyle choice."
It sounds like sologamy - for the female - is a feminist statement. Tanner agrees to an extent. "I've always been an independent feminist which, just to clarify, is not to say a 'man-hater'. I have had long periods of perfectly contented single life throughout my 20s and have always found the constant inane questions about 'settling down' from both family, friends and strangers most bizarre. Back in medieval times marriage was generally the first social goal for a woman because it was necessary to maintain the patriarchy; in order to survive economically, in order to have children, in order to be respectable. But today it is a different story entirely. It is sad that, despite this, single women in their 30s start to panic about being 'left on the shelf' and becoming 'crazy old cat ladies'.'
Possibly the most intriguing thing for Tanner about sologamy is the bravery involved in facing one's disappointments and failures head on. She has used the marriage ceremony as a symbolic act which recognises these and which attempts to reconcile them. Facing oneself truthfully – she feels - is a braver act then walking down the aisle with a partner. And if you can do it, it can be equally if not more so rewarding.
According to a report from the Washington Post, Roy Moore, the Republican senatorial candidate from Alabama, collected a yearly salary of $180,000 from the Foundation for Moral Law. The reports also shows that the charity failed to disclose the full compensation arrangement in its tax filings. It's a bad story for Moore, whose judiciousness was already in question.
The Foundation for Moral Law is a tax-exempt public charity with which Moore became affiliated after being ousted from the Alabama supreme court in 2003. He became president of the charity in 2007, and started working on a part-time basis, 20 hours a week. The Post explains his compensation arrangement with the charity:
Moore would be paid whatever speaking fees and donations to the charity he could generate through what was called “Project Jeremiah,” the group's ministry to pastors and preachers. But he was guaranteed $180,000 a year under the agreement, with the charity making up the difference if Project Jeremiah revenue fell short. If the charity did not have the cash in a given year, the debt to Moore would accumulate.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
His salary was never reported on: Salaries tend not to be. But the charity did not fully disclose his compensation in filings to the IRS. In 2007, the report shows, the Foundation for Moral Law listed Moore as an independent contractor who performed legal work. One year, the foundation listed his compensation as $55,392. All the while, he was making $180,000, either in the form of cash or accruing debt. It would be unfair to fault Moore for the charity's failure to disclose — but for the irksome fact that he was its president.
Sure, Moore generated revenue for the charity and did some work on its behalf, certainly enough to earn a wage. But the size of his salary, along with its secrecy, suggests the bounty was more of a gift. And Moore hasn't done much to earn himself the benefit of the doubt.
OSAKA, Japan — Japan on Friday raised the alert level at its disaster-hit Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear plant as teams battled round the clock to try to stabilize over-heating reactors.
The country's nuclear agency said the alert level had moved from four to five on the seven--point international scale for atomic accidents, on a par with the Three Mile Island atomic accident of 1979.
Fukushima, which was damaged by last week's 9.0-magnitude earthquake and tsunami, is now classified as an "accident with wider consequences," the BBC said.
Efforts to cool all six reactors at the plant were continuing Friday as crews, working in shifts to try to minimize radiation exposure, injected tons of seawater in a bid to avert a potentially catastrophic meltdown.
There was a glimmer of hope after engineers completed laying a power cable to connect water pumps at one of the reactors to an external electricity supply, Reuters said. Reports indicated it would by up and running on Saturday
The head of the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency, Yukiya Amano said Friday that the battle to bring the crippled nuclear plant under control was a "race against time," requiring global cooperation.
"This is a very grave and serious accident," he said after meeting Japan's Prime Minister Naoto Kan, AFP reported. "So it is important that the international community, including the IAEA, handles this jointly."
U.S. military officials said they were considering whether to dispatch a unit of 450 personnel trained in radiation management to help with the crisis, the Kyodo news agency reported.
On Thursday, five trucks equipped with high-pressure water cannons normally used to quell rioters sprayed tons of water at the reactor building in an attempt to cool a storage pool for spent fuel rods that has lost water and appears to be overheating.
If the worst happens, overheating fuel rods could begin to melt, releasing high levels of radiation.
The threat of a serious nuclear meltdown is fraying nerves in Tokyo, more than 150 miles south of the disabled power plant.
There is no exodus from the capital — yet — but fuel is being rationed and supermarket shelves are quickly emptied of rice, milk, noodles and other foods. Stores report a surge in demand for survival staples such as torches, batteries and sleeping bags.
Train services have been disrupted by voluntary power cuts and many employees have been told to sit out the crisis at home. A rush of transactions led to the sudden closure of thousands of ATMs at Mizuho Bank.
For all their stoicism, Tokyoites are preparing for the worse. Long lines formed outside the city's passport office, while bullet trains are filling up with a steady stream of expatriates, women and children. Television footage showed hundreds of people leaving the city on buses.
Authorities warned that Tokyo could experience a blackout on Thursday evening, but it was granted a reprieve after the operator of the plant, Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO), said demand had been lower than expected, thanks to energy-saving efforts by businesses and households.
The company claimed a victory of sorts, saying the 30 tons of water aimed at the No. 3 reactor had succeeded in cooling the storage pool. But it added that it had observed little change in radioactivity levels at the facility.
The helicopters and water cannons will resume water-bombing the plant on Friday, the firm said.
The team of technicians, firefighters and soldiers face myriad problems, but the aim is clear: to cool the No. 3 reactor and replenish the pool containing spent fuel rods.
TEPCO is unable to get close enough to take accurate readings, but it is working on the chilling assumption that the pool is almost empty, raising the risk that the fuel rods will overheat and melt.
Japanese authorities' inability to contain the damage almost a week after the tsunami coincided with a grim prognosis from nuclear experts in the United States.
Gregory Jackzo, chairman of the U.S. nuclear regulatory commission, told a congressional hearing in Washington that the storage pool at another reactor had lost all of its water and was in danger of releasing more radioactive material.
As a result, a growing number of foreign governments are taking steps to remove their citizens from danger.
The U.S. imposed an evacuation zone within a 50-mile radius of the plant and said it would send chartered aircraft to take Americans out of the country.
"We are recommending, as a precaution, that American citizens who live within 80 kilometers of the Fukushima nuclear power plant evacuate the area or to take shelter indoors if safe evacuation is not practical,'' the U.S. Embassy said in a statement.
In a rare move, the Group of Seven industrialized nations agreed to intervene in currency markets in order to reduce and stabilize the value of Japan's currency, the yen, according to an announcement Thursday night.
The move is aimed at calming global markets, which have seen a "wild week of often panic selling" after last week's disaster.
Bush leads in N.H. poll; Trump is second
Jeb Bush leads the crowded field of Republican presidential contenders in New Hampshire, according to a Suffolk University poll released Tuesday. Donald Trump is in second.
The poll represents more good news for Bush in the Granite State, where he has led by an average of 4.2 percentage points in recent months, according to the RealClearPolitics average.
Story Continued Below
Among likely Republican primary voters, former Florida Gov. Bush picked up 14 percent, while the billionaire real-estate mogul Trump grabbed 11 percent. Most respondents—29 percent—are undecided.
No other candidates are in double digits, with 8 percent for Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, 7 percent for Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, 6 percent for retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, 5 percent for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, and 4 percent each for businesswoman Carly Fiorina, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.
“Jeb Bush continues to lead, but Donald Trump has emerged as an anti-Jeb Bush alternative in New Hampshire,” said David Paleologos, the director of the Suffolk University poll. “Many of those who like Trump are voting for him, and although many more dislike him, the unfavorables are split up among many other candidates. It's the politics of plurality.”
At the same time, voters are seemingly more hesitant to allow Trump on the debate stage. Asked whom they would approve if they had the opportunity to approve or deny each candidate, Trump came in 11th place, with 60 percent saying they would allow him. More than eight-in-ten (83 percent) voters said they would approve Bush, the highest percentage of any candidate.
Among all likely GOP voters, 49 percent said they have an unfavorable opinion of Trump, while 37 percent said they see him in a positive light.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee sit at 2 percent, and six other Republicans are tied at 1 percent, including former New York Gov. George Pataki, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and former Maryland Gov. Bob Ehrlich.
The poll was conducted June 18-22 among 500 likely Republican primary voters, carrying an overall margin of error of plus-or-minus 4.4 percentage points.
New in Newark
Jazz and R&B live music night returns to Clement's Place this Wednesday
Published November 15, 2017 | Brick City Live
The team behind the Guard d'Avant Music Festival and the weekly Tuff Luv and Super Taste parties at Burg are back with a jazz and R&B-inflected music night at Clement's Place (15 Washington Street).
The Honors Program is teaming up with Rutgers University's Institute of Jazz Studies to produce “Our Way,” a monthly jazz and R&B jam session.
Winstead, Jr., himself a musician (known to fans as Peter Hadar) has been adamant that Newark's a vibrant live and consistent live music scene. Our Way is the latest event series his firm had personally produced to help incubate a live music scene in town.
“Newark should have a great live music scene and we [at The Honors Program] are happy to take on the task,” Winstead, Jr. told Brick City Live.
The Institute for Jazz Studies is celebrating its 50th year this year, having been founded in 1952 by Hunter College professor and early jazz scholar Marshall Stearns out of his apartment, then moved to Rutgers-Newark in 1967. Winstead, Jr. has previously partnered with the Institute to bring jazz artists to his summertime Guard d'Avant Music Festival.
Clement's Place, which launched in 2016 is named after the late professor Clement Price of Rutgers-Newark.
Our Way is free to attend.
AP Photo/Press Service of the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Governor When a helicopter discovered a mysterious giant crater on the Yamal Peninsula of Siberia, a place referred to as "the end of the world," speculation was rampant. People suggested it could have been caused by a meteorite, an underground explosion related to nearby natural gas fields, or even something more ominous or extra-terrestrial.
The crater looks almost too incredible to be real, but researchers finally made their way there on July 16 and it most certainly is the real thing. But even though the expedition revealed more information, the exact cause of the crater is still being determined.
Here's what it looks like from a helicopter:
Bulka/YouTube
Some think the crater might have been formed by a "pingo" — a geological feature found in areas with permafrost like the Yamal Peninsula.
A pingo is a hill or dome that forms in the permafrost because of an underground ice formation, caused by groundwater forcing its way up towards the surface. There it encounters colder temperatures and freezes. If it melted, due to warming temperatures, it could have left a crater behind.
Another possibility is that as the ground warms, an underground ice formation may have released gas that had been trapped there for thousands of years, which could have forced its way through the surface, bursting out and leaving a giant hole.
AP Photo/Associated Press Television "For now we can say for sure that under the influence of internal processes there was an ejection in the permafrost," Andrey Plekhanov, senior researcher at the State Scientific Centre of Arctic Research, told The Siberian Times. In other words, whatever happened caused pressure to build up underground, forcing the above layer of earth — permafrost — to break apart and fly outward from the center of the hole.
Anna Kurchatova from the Sub-Arctic Scientific Research Centre described the process to The Siberian Times as one where frozen gas, salt, and sand underground may have warmed enough to cause "an effect like the popping of a Champagne bottle cork." AP Photo/Associated Press Television Plekhanov and other researchers have said that the crater was most likely caused by changing temperatures in the region — potentially related to global warming — though more research is needed to be certain. The Yamal Peninsula has experienced particularly warm summers recently, which could have caused the melting.
AP Photo/Press Service of the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Governor The investigation revealed that the hole at the top of the crater has a diameter of approximately 100 feet, smaller than initial estimates of more than 600 feet., though it is tough to measure due to a somewhat oval shape. The crater is deep though — approximately 300 feet, and an icy lake sits at the bottom.
The research team said that ice in the sides of the crater is melting as it's exposed to the sun, causing water to flow down into the lake. This may eventually fill the crater.
AP Photo/Press Service of the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Governor Although researchers thought that at first they'd seen evidence of burning visible on the edges of the crater, the closer examination revealed no traces of a fiery explosion, which rules out a meteorite. Plekhanov also said that the crater isn't quite close enough to the gas fields, about 19 miles away, to have been caused by a gas pumping accident.
The Russian researchers are using satellite footage to see if they can determine when the crater appeared, though they imagine it happened in the past year or two.
AP Photo/Press Service of the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Governor
Plekhanov said that the phenomenon seems natural, though still incredibly strange. He told The Siberian Times, "I've never seen anything like this, even though I have been to Yamal many times."
Here's the original video footage that revealed the crater to the world.
Hadmut
Dubiose Zusammenhänge aus Anja Reschkes Laden.
Zwei Leser regten sich über den von mir verlinkten und zitierten Panorama-Artikel auf.
Der erste eher inhaltlich:
“Polizeiausbilder verunglimpfen Polizeischüler mit Einwanderungshintergrund in rassistischer Weise, …” Das wäre es, wenn sie VOR der Sauerei in den Klassenräumen mutmaßten, die würden das wegen ihrer Herkunft tun. “Als ob die bloße Anwesenheit eines Deutschen, dessen Eltern oder Großeltern nicht in Deutschland geboren wurden, der Beleg für „Unterwanderung” sei. ” Typischer Strohmann – wer hat das behauptet? Argumentverwässerung. “Als ob sich Einzelfälle auf hunderte verallgemeinern lassen. […] Umgehend müssten diejenigen, die solche Aussagen treffen und Polizisten ausbilden (!), ermittelt und sanktioniert werden. Und die Medien müssten klarstellen wes Geistes Kind das Thema ist: es ist der viel zitierte „besorgte Bürger”. Es ist derselbe, der die Islamisierung des Abendlandes fürchtet und Geflüchtete für nicht integrierbar hält.Es ist nämlich der besorgte Bürger, der uns glauben lassen will, dass Polizeianwärter mit Migrationshintergrund eine Gefahr sind.” Wie kann eigentlich ein Mensch so etwas in einem Text unterbringen? In einem Kopf? “Man kann doch nicht verallgemeinern von einem Kriminellen auf mehrere! Aber bei den Kritikern kann man das!” “Die Vielfalt der Stadt, die sich nun auch in der Polizei widerspiegeln soll …” Das ist doch kein fucking Kuschelparadies! Da gehen die hin, die Interesse haben und die Voraussetzungen erfüllen. “…ist aber wohl das eigentliche Problem des besorgten Bürgers, deren Zuschriften die CDU erreichen. ” Entweder “dessen” oder “der besorgten Bürger”. Die Mischform verrät in ihrer Ungelenkheit, daß hier eine anonyme Masse von archetypischen Protofaschisten imaginiert werden soll. Im Singular würde es nämlich den appellativen Charakter verlieren (aufgrund Geringfügigkeitsassoziation), im Plural den kategorieprägenden Charakter, aus dem heraus die gewünschten Vorurteile von diesen Manipulateuren gezogen werden.
Das ist ein treffender Punkt: Wehe, man würde bei Migranten von wenigen auf viele verallgemeinern, aber bei „Bürgern” geht das. Da kann man von drei Aussagen auf die Allgemeinheit schließen. NDR eben. 😀
Ein anderer Leser hat sich mal mit Autor des Artikels, Kaveh Kooroshy, befasst.
Der nämlich ist auf das Thema kulturelle Teilhabe geflüchteter Menschen abonniert, wie etwa an diesem Artikel erkennbar. Dazu heißt es dort in seiner Selbstbeschreibung:
Kaveh Kooroshy ist Autor bei der Fernsehsendung „Panorama 3“ des NDR. Nach seinem Studium der Europäischen Ethnologie und Asien- und Afrikawissenschaften an der Berliner Humboldt-Universität begann er seine journalistische Karriere mit der Ausbildung „Bi-kultureller, crossmedialer Journalismus und Public Relations“ am BildungsWerk Kreuzberg. Es folgten zahlreiche Praktika und schließlich ein Programmvolontariat beim NDR.
Humboldt-Universität! Das stinkt doch schon zehn Meilen gegen den Wind nach politischer Agenda und Unterwanderung der Medien. Über die Humbug-Uni habe ich ja schon viel geschrieben. Und dort findet sich dann auch der Titel seiner Bachelorarbeit (2010):
Zur Bedeutung von Facebook für die politischen Aktivitäten zur Situation im Iran
Vermutlich ist er also Iraner oder iranischstämmig, denn ein Außenstehender ohne genaue Kenntnis der Landessprache könnte das vermutlich nur schwer, jedenfalls nicht mit dem Arbeitsunfang eines geisteswissenschaftlichen Bachelorgeschreibsels bearbeiten. Hört sich nach Thema und vor allem nach Zeitpunkt schwer nach „arabischer Frühling” an. Und bei dem streiten sich ja die Eingebildeten, ob es den überhaupt gab oder ob der von westlichen politischen Kräften angezettelt und vorgegaukelt wurde.
Die erwähnte Ausbildung beim Bildungswerk in Kreuzberg dürfte diese hier sein: Crossmedialer Journalismus für Migranten: 15-monatige Weiterbildung in Berlin. Kennt man ja, dass momentan diese steuerlich geförderten Schnell-Ausbildungsgänge aus dem Boden schießen, in denen Leute vorgeblich ruckzuck zu irgendwas „ausgebildet” und ernannt werden. Dort heißt es:
Die Migrantenperspektive kommt in der deutschen Presselandschaft häufig zu kurz. Denn nur jeder fünfzigste Journalist hat nichtdeutsche Wurzeln. Quer durch alle Medien bietet sich Journalisten daher ein breites Aufgabengebiet, die Sichtweise der Migranten stärker in der öffentlichen Wahrnehmung zu etablieren.
Also eine politische Agenda, und damit sitzt er jetzt beim NDR in Reschkes Panorama.
Und jetzt kommt der Brüller: Dasselbe „Bildungswerk in Kreuzberg” bietet auch eine andere „Ausbildung” an: Ausbildungsvorbereitung öffentlicher Dienst/Polizei Und da heißt es:
Öffentlicher Dienst/Polizei Sie wollen Polizistin/Polizist oder Verwaltungsfachangestellte/r werden? Aber: Sie sind schon einmal bei Ihrer Bewerbung gescheitert?
Sie haben schon lange nicht mehr die Schulbank gedrückt?
Sie haben Scheu, sich der Bestenauslese zu stellen? Nix Aber! Mit der Ausbildungsvorbereitung in die Ausbildung! Der Lehrgang für junge Menschen mit Migrationshintergrund beginnt am 28.08.2017. […] Der Lehrgang wird mit den Kooperationspartnern Berliner Polizei und Verwaltungsakademie Berlin durchgeführt.
Na sieh mal einer an.
Dieses Bildungswerk hat also direkt die Finger drin, Migranten, die jetzt in der „Bestenauslese” nicht so dolle Karten haben, zusammen mit der Berliner Polizei in die Ausbildung zu hieven. Die machen ihr Geschäft damit, das ist eine GmbH, irgendwoher muss das Geld ja kommen.
Und jetzt geht die Sache schief, es gibt einen Skandal, noch dazu geht es um Prüfungsbetrug und Drohungen gegen Prüfer, mangelnde Deutschkenntnis, mangelndes Allgemeinwissen.
Und was passiert? Ein Absolvent dieses „Bildungswerks” hockt bei Reschkes Panorama und hetzt frontal gegen „besorgte Bürger”, die seien das Problem der Polizei, nicht Migranten. So sieht's aus beim NDR.
Und dann empören die sich, dass jemand denken könnte, sie würden politisch gesteuert.
Wer glaubt denen noch was?
Three years ago we Kickstarted the Confidant notebook—and Baron Fig—with a simple idea as the driving force: A workspace isn't limited to an office or desk—it's the whole world. Now we're back with the all-new minimal Backpack, Messenger, and Tote to continue providing thinkers around the world with well designed high-quality tools.
The next evolution of our Tools for Thinkers.
Baron Fig started by introducing the Confidant notebook on Kickstarter in 2013. At the end of the campaign 4,242 people from 48 countries backed 8,760 notebooks. The overwhelming response allowed us to launch our company the following spring.
Since then we've designed and released pens, pencils, accessories, and limited editions. Each new product category is a natural extension of the ones that came before. Adding bags to our lineup of notebooks, pens, pencils, and cases means that these tools now get to live and travel together in an ecosystem.
Mike Perry, artist, drawing in a Confidant at his studio
Ideas that keep us moving forward.
Our mission is at the core of everything we do at Baron Fig: “To champion thinkers in their journey to create and inspire the world.” It's our goal to provide tools for thinkers that enable you to do what you do best, whether that's drawing, writing, or simply taking notes at school or work. Our new bags expand the Baron Fig ecosystem by making it easy to take your favorite tools with you wherever you go.
We lean on three principles to move forward with our mission: Simplicity, Usefulness, and Community. Each principle is part of a unique recipe we use to create truly useful and beautiful tools that anyone can enjoy using.
Caroline Weaver, entrepreneur, riding her bike to CW Pencil shop
Principle #1: Simplicity.
Our products are minimal. Each tool is designed with fluidity in mind. Simple tools tend to disappear as you use them—they get out of your way. We work hard to boil all the features of our products down to a simple set of functions. These functions are at the center of what each product is used for.
Principle #2: Usefulness.
Our products are functional. Each tool has a clear purpose. They help you do what you do best. Our goal with these new bags is to provide you with functional tools that are also beautiful items in their own right. We strive to implement unique features that you haven't seen before, such as the double swing pockets on the backpack that let you access upright pockets with just a swing forward on either shoulder.
Chris Smothers, developer, working at his startup, Spacious
Principle #3: Community.
Our products are designed based on extensive community feedback. The Confidant, our first notebook, was designed based on conversations with over 500 thinkers from around the world—and that tradition continues now with the new backpack, messenger, and tote.
Over the last year we've had hundreds of conversations with customers about what our next big step should be, and they told us they wanted the ability to carry our products with them. We even went so far as to meet up with customers and take a look inside their bags to see how they're being used. Then we took all that feedback and distilled it into three unique bags—and, finally, after all that work we're close to making them a reality.
Zipeng Zhu, designer, at his home studio preparing to leave
How can I help?
Baron Fig users—people like you—are the driving force behind what we do. Every day your emails and tweets remind us why we work hard to keep moving forward. If you like the bags please take a moment to back this project to a) get your bags before anyone else, and b) help us make them a reailty. Your support means the world to us. If you have any questions feel free to check out the FAQ or give us a shout, we're always happy to help.
Back this project by choosing a reward from the rewards list or clicking the button below. Keep reading to learn more about each bag, to view a detailed rewards list, and learn about Add-Ons.
Each bag has a unique personality, function, and a host of features. Despite the various forms and uses they're all designed using the same materials and philosophy. Below are three important elements that make the new Minimal bags a family of high quality products.
The following is a detailed breakdown of the Backpack, Messenger, and Tote. Each section includes an explanation of our design thinking, photos of the products in use, and an extensive feature breakdown.
Slim profile. Big difference.
Over the last year we've looked inside hundreds (if not thousands) of backpacks and noticed a surprising trend: nearly everyone's bags were mostly empty.
It was surprising to learn that 95% of the time backpack users don't carry much inside their bags. The average person had a laptop, notebook, phone, wallet, and a few accessories, with the rest of the bag being comprised of tremendous amounts of empty space.
Realizing that backpacks were mostly empty a majority of the time, we decided to throw away everything we knew about what a backpack should be––and focused on what it could be. After nearly a year and dozens of iterations we came up with a slim profile backpack designed around your average day. The result is a much simpler, leaner, lighter, and more enjoyable backpack.
Features that make the Backpack.
Like a great cooking recipe, the combination of just the right features in just the right manner are what give life to a design. Take a look below to explore the unique recipe of features that put the Backpack in a class of its own.
Dress it up. Dress it down.
Like that perfect piece of clothing, you can take our Messenger from workday to Friday night and fit in everywhere along the way. Better yet, throw it over your shoulder and head out for the whole weekend, since you have enough space for everything you need.
In designing the Messenger we realized that what's currently available in this type of bag is split into two categories: Highly formal bags and highly playful ones. Very few, if any, manage to toe the line between the two. Challenge accepted.
It became clear as we dove deeper into the Messenger that our goal was to design a bag that could fit in anywhere. You can throw your laptop in it and wear it to work, or you can throw some clothes in it and head out for a weekend. We achieved this through smart use of fabric—the freedom of canvas flexibly gains space—and a minimal design approach. The end product is a bag that can chameleon itself into any situation.
Features that make the Messenger.
Just like the Backpack, the combination of the right features in just the right manner are what give life to a design. Take a look below to learn what makes the Messenger a master of flexibility.
Small form. Big space.
What if you could carry around a big space in a small package? The Tote does just that. Most tote bags add space by increasing the width and depth. We created a design to maximize the functional space in the Tote without making it feel large by increasing the height at a higher ratio compared to the width and depth. The end result is a bag that feels small while having a large space inside.
Designing the Tote was a fun challenge. We wanted to give you enough space to throw all sorts of things inside at once, but we didn't want the bag to be enormous. By combining the flexibility of canvas, a smart height-to-width ratio, and a slightly tapered seam we were able to design a bag that's big on the inside while staying smaller on the outside.
Ultimately the Tote is your go-to bag when you want to transport all sorts of things. Carry a lot or carry a little, it always gets the job done—and looks good doing it.
Features that make the Tote.
Last but certainly not least, the Tote. Take a look below to explore the combination of features that make the Tote a wizard of simplicity.
Get your bags before anyone else.
Back this project and you will be the first to receive Baron Fig bags. You also get special reduced Kickstarter-only rates. Check out the rewards below and make your selection in the rewards list. You have the choice of getting up to three bags, either alone or in bundles. You can also add to your pledge via the Add-On menu for even more goodies.
We believe in the products we make, and have worked on perfecting every subtlety to make tools you can use and love. We hope you enjoy using them.
Here is some of the past press Baron Fig has received.
Click here for press materials.
The nitty gritty.
Everything you need to know about the new Backpack, Messenger, and Tote—plus information on timeline and add-ons.
About Baron Fig.
Baron Fig started as a project between friends. We contacted hundreds of thinkers around the world and asked them one simple question: “What do you like in a sketchbook or notebook?”
Then we took all of that feedback, and consolidated it into a notebook. Our goal was to create a tool that was as simple as possible, beautiful, and easy to use. We called this notebook The Confidant. We put the Confidant on Kickstarter. At the end of 30 days we had sold nearly 9k notebooks to thousands of customers around the world. Baron Fig was born.
Today we're a group of thinkers dedicated to creating high quality products for likeminded people.
Baron Fig Team: Sam, Jay, Adam, Chandler, Joey, Andi
Throughout our journey in designing products and and coming up with creative projects, there's one thing that continues to drive us, our mission: To champion thinkers in their journey to create and inspire the world. It's the rule by which every move we make is measured against.
Our headquarters (sounds fancy!) is a small studio in New York City. We've been here since day one, and this is where the magic happens. The small space and open floor plan mean collaboration happens dozens of times a day. We believe that face-to-face communication and brainstorming is an invaluable part of staying creative.
Our little studio in New York City (aka Studio Fig)
Baron Fig's forward and upward strategy is modeled after the artistic process. It isn't discussed often, but business is an art as much as painting or making music. Part of the journey requires that we choose a destination, but it also requires that we be open to uncertainty, small detours, and even large changes in direction.
As explained at the top of this page, we follow three core principles to achieve our mission: Simplicity, Usefulness, and Community.
What does Baron Fig mean?
The creative journey revolves around the dichotomy of Discipline and Impulse: having the discipline to work hard and the impulse to go to places you (and others) haven't.
The Greek gods/brothers Apollo (discipline) and Dionysus (impulse) represent this dichotomy perfectly. “Baron” is derived from the Apollonian symbol of “soldier”, and “Fig” is a symbol of Dionysus.
Thus Baron Fig—Discipline & Impulse.
Why Kickstarter?
Kickstarter gives the power back to the people. Using this platform allows us to cut out the middlemen that add to the retail price. Using Kickstarter also allows us to stay as an independent team—we don't have revenue-centric investors that could push us towards "safe" routes over creative, experimental and sometimes risky ones.
Launching new product lines on Kickstarter allows us to go directly to you, the customer. It's a win-win for everyone. You get new products earlier and at a better rate than anyone else (and you get to support our team/mission), and we get to raise funds before production so that we have a better understanding of sales and demand before we get started.
As always, everything we create is a continued work in progress. We have open channels to easily connect with you, the very first Backpack, Messenger, and Tote users. This includes our website, email, Twitter, and facebook. We actively listen, respond, and refine our products. You're part of the process, we're excited to see where we take this—together.
—The Baron Fig Team // Joey, Adam, Jay, Sam, Chandler, & Andi
PS. Please share this project and help us spread the word!
PPS. You can learn more about Baron Fig on our site. :)
Our Kickstarter Track Record
Kickstarter Staff Pick
Kickstarter Projects We Love
Successfully funded x 2
Raised 1,000%+
Delivered 12,236 rewards
Backed by 6,024 people
Delivered to 50+ countries
On-time shipment
Continued support
Project Credits
Major thanks to the four thinkers featured in our video for being an example to all of us:
Mike Perry, artist
mikeperrystudio.com
Chris Smothers, developer
spacious.com
Caroline Weaver, entrepreneur
cwpencils.com
Zipeng Zhu, designer
zz-is.it
Special thanks to Michael Marabella, Vann Alexandra, and Jellop for helping us create media and shout it from the mountaintops. We couldn't do it without you.
Incredible love and appreciation goes out to every Baron Fig customer. You all keep us moving forward. Thank you for the feedback, support, and encouragement that you send our way on a daily basis.
No one still believes that we will win.
On Tuesday night, it all fell apart for the U.S. men's national soccer team. A seven tournament, 24-year streak of consecutive World Cup berths was snapped in cartoonishly heartbreaking fashion.
Coming into the match, American fans were rightfully confident. All it would take to qualify for the World Cup was a win or a tie against Trinidad and Tobago, a team that had nothing to play for but pride and only one win in nine matches in the final qualifying group. And even if somehow the U.S. lost, Honduras and Panama would both need victories over the top two teams in the group, Mexico and Costa Rica, to complete the elimination. If the USMNT lost and only one of Honduras or Panama won, the US would be headed for a playoff against Australia. By ESPN's Soccer Power Index, the United States had a 93 percent chance of reaching its eighth consecutive World Cup.
Then the U.S. conceded two goals in the first half — first an own goal and then a blistering 35-yard strike — despite giving up little in the way of high-quality chances. And despite a halftime switch to bring on Clint Dempsey and line up two attackers behind strikers Bobby Wood and Jozy Altidore, the U.S. could not create the chances to level the score. USMNT fans could only watch in horror, and Panama and Honduras both clawed back first-half deficits to knock the U.S. out of World Cup qualification.
U.S. men's soccer is obviously no stranger to embarrassment and heartbreak on the international stage. In the 1998 World Cup and the 2006 World Cup — the last two on European soil — it combined for one tie and five losses. In 2015, the team was stunned at home in the Gold Cup semifinal by Jamaica, which at the time was ranked 76th in the world by FIFA. But what happened Tuesday night may stand alone.
Looking only at World Cup matches and qualifiers, it was the worst loss in USMNT's history based on the Elo rating system. Going into the game, Elo gave the U.S. an 83 percent chance of beating Trinidad and Tobago, making the Americans huge favorites even after accounting for the fact that they were playing on the road. Going back to 1885, the American men had never lost a match at that level when they had such a high probability of winning. And it came with all the chips on the table. You cannot blame U.S. soccer fans for being a little woozy this morning.
The worst USMNT World Cup losses ever Matches for which the U.S. men's soccer team had the highest probability of winning (according to Elo ratings) but ultimately lost, 1885-2017 DATE STAGE U.S. ELO OPPONENT OPP. ELO HOME? WIN PROB. 10/10/17 Qualifier 1761 Trinidad & Tobago 1389 82.7% 3/25/16 Qualifier 1749 Guatemala 1460 74.8 10/15/08 Qualifier 1813 Trinidad & Tobago 1533 73.8 6/14/02 World Cup 1832 Poland 1653 — 73.7 9/1/01 Qualifier 1791 Honduras 1734 ✓ 71.2 5/31/85 Qualifier 1558 Costa Rica 1505 ✓ 70.7 9/1/17 Qualifier 1789 Costa Rica 1741 ✓ 70.1 7/23/00 Qualifier 1799 Costa Rica 1571 67.6 6/22/06 World Cup 1797 Ghana 1682 — 66.0 5/11/69 Qualifier 1455 Haiti 1453 ✓ 64.3 Only includes matches that were at the World Cup or World Cup qualifying level (i.e., excludes continental championships, friendlies and minor tournaments). Games played in neutral locations denoted with a dash. Source: eloratings.net
Before coach Bruce Arena gets too much of the blame, it's important to remember that it was the failures of the team under his predecessor, Jurgen Klinsmann, that put the Americans in this position in the first place. The team lost to Mexico and Costa Rica last November in this qualifying cycle, which led to Klinsmann's ouster. And, ultimately, losing those points made what should have been a meaningless game against Trinidad a must-win. Earlier last year, the same Klinsmann team also inexplicably dropped a game to Guatemala in the group stage of qualifying, the second-worst loss by Elo.
The advantages the U.S. squandered are many. America finally has a legitimate men's soccer superstar in Christian Pulisic, but he alone could not score two goals for the team. (He got one.) And it's not just a question of talent: The U.S. towers over these CONCACAF opponents when it comes to resources. Trinidad and Tobago, after all, has a population of 1.2 million — or roughly the size of the greater Hartford metro area. Here is how the 12 countries that made the group stage of the 2018 CONCACAF World Cup qualifying compare in gross domestic product and population — it probably won't be hard to spot the U.S.
This is not to say that money and size are everything in international soccer. The two biggest countries in the world by population — China and India — have made the World Cup just once (China in 2002), whereas Iceland, a country of just 340,000, will play in its first next summer. But the U.S is different. It has spent the last decade talking about long-term plans for soccer development. The U.S. Soccer Federation increased its staffing and pay for national team coaches and introduced new youth initiatives to build a better team from the ground up. It is hard to see the results of these ambitions on the field.
We're launching a sports newsletter. 🏆 Join the squad.
A chart of the U.S. team's Elo rating over the past two decades shows not so much steady growth but a series of peaks and valleys with, at the moment, no overall progress to speak of.
For every step taken, there's been a step back — no matter who has been the coach. The team made a breakthrough in 1994 when it reached the knockout stage for the first time in the expanded World Cup era. It followed that by crashing out in 1998. The Americans stunned Portugal in the group stage in 2002 and made its first modern-era quarterfinals with a win over Mexico in the round of 16. It followed that by being a complete also-ran in 2006. So if the heroics in 2010 and 2014 — when the team fought through tough groups to survive and advance in dramatic fashion — gave the U.S. any confidence, it has just been completely wiped out.
European Union institutions came to an agreement Wednesday (16 March) to implement a multi-year fisheries plan for the Baltic Sea: the first of its kind since the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) was reformed.
However, the plan's actual promotion of sustainability has already been questioned.
The deal, which has been ten months in the making, will, according to a European Parliament statement, “ensure the sustainability of fish stocks and will offer better economic conditions long-term to the fishing industry”.
One of the crucial points of the agreement, reached between the Parliament and Council of Ministers, is the inclusion of a multi-species strategy, rather than individual management of fish types, which according to the Parliament will “be much more efficient”.
The legislature's statement stressed that the plan would ensure “sustainable and balanced exploitation” of cod, herring and sprat and that it would ensure stable livelihoods for fishermen.
Spain in favour of redistributing unused fishing quotas Spain's Minister for Agriculture, Isabel García Tejerina, called for unused fishing quotas to be “redistributed” to other countries, during a Council of Ministers meeting on Monday (15 February).
Another feature of the agreement is that it introduces the use of scientific data on mortality rates to determine Total Allowable Catches (TACs) and fishing quotas, which are a joint competence of the Council of Ministers and of the Parliament, with the aim of making the fishing industry sustainable.
However, the agreement was criticised by conservation groups for prioritising jobs and economic considerations over actual environmental concerns.
“The Fisheries Ministers of the European member states have yet again proved that EU conservation law exists on paper only by choosing to continue ignoring the obligation to manage our fish stocks sustainably,” explained Lasse Gustavsson, Executive Director of Oceana in Europe.
North and Baltic Seas threatened by human activity Germany's marine agency has presented its findings regarding the state of the North and Baltic Seas, with human activity threatening animal life and the environment. EURACTIV's partner Tagesspiegel reports.
The European Commission will now be able to intervene if there are any threats to plaice, sole and turbots stocks, if scientific data backs their position. Its fisheries chief, Commissioner Karmenu Vella, said that he was “pleased that the member states and European Parliament have reached an agreement”.
The plan must now wait for final approval from the European Parliament's fishery committee and be ratified by the European Council.
This article was also published by euroefe.
In response, there is movement in development economics towards the use of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to accumulate credible knowledge of what works, without over-reliance on questionable theory or statistical methods. When RCTs are not possible, this movement advocates quasi-randomization through instrumental variable (IV) techniques or natural experiments. I argue that many of these applications are unlikely to recover quantities that are useful for policy or understanding: two key issues are the misunderstanding of exogeneity, and the handling of heterogeneity. ... Actual randomization faces similar problems as quasi-randomization, notwithstanding rhetoric to the contrary. I argue that experiments have no special ability to produce more credible knowledge than other methods, and that actual experiments are frequently subject to practical problems that undermine any claims to statistical or epistemic superiority.
Now I simply use the metaphor of the eyeglasses that I wear and the idea that my eyesight is so poor that without my set of eyeglasses I could not make out the person in the back of the room. Those eyeglasses are like economic theory -- without the aid of economic theory the social world is a blur and an unrecognizable collection of data points, but once I put economic theory to work the social world is brought into sharp relief.
There are in the social sciences WHAT questions and WHY questions. Answering WHAT questions thoroughly is a necessary component of any empirical social scientist.
... our job as social scientists is only beginning once we know WHAT, we then must be ready to explain WHY WHAT happened, in fact happened. We must enter the WHY AXIS (as Gneezy and List term it) of explanation in terms of incentives that human actors face in order to make progress in understanding human behavior and the structure of the social world in which we live.
A theory in the empirical sciences can never be proven, but it can be falsified, meaning that it can and should be scrutinized by decisive experiments.
In point of fact, no conclusive disproof of a theory can ever be produced; for it is always possible to say that the experimental results are not reliable, or that the discrepancies which are asserted to exist between the experimental results and the theory are only apparent and that they will disappear with the advance of our understanding. If you insist on strict proof (or strict disproof) in the empirical sciences, you will never benefit from experience, and never learn from it how wrong you are.
Higher wages do not cause higher worker productivity; instead, higher worker productivity causes higher wages. When industry X is expanding and its workers are becoming more productive, companies in X bid for more workers by raising the wages paid in X. Higher wages in industry X attract workers from industry Y, thus prompting companies in industry Y to implement labor-saving technology.
In contrast, if wages are forced up by diktat rather than competed up in response to rising worker productivity, wages for some workers will exceed the value of their productivity. These workers will become unemployed. And in addition to losing current income, these workers will be denied on-the-job experience – a denial that thwarts improvements in their productivity (that is, in their “human capital”). The economy and workers as a group will over time become less, not more, productive.
The problem isn't what it includes, but rather what it excludes. Starting with its title and continuing throughout, MHE [Mostly Harmless Econometrics] promotes its corner of applied econometrics as all of applied econometrics, or at least all of the "mostly harmless" part (whatever that means). Hence it effectively condemns much of the rest as "harmful," and sentences it to death by neglect. It gives the silent treatment, for example, to anything structural -- whether micro-econometric or macro-econometric -- and anything involving time series. And in the rare instances when silence is briefly broken, we're treated to gems like "serial correlation [until recently was] Somebody Else's Problem, specifically the unfortunate souls who make their living out of time series data (macroeconomists, for example)" (pp. 315-316).
...
All told, Mostly Harmless Econometrics: An Empiricist's Companion is neither "mostly harmless" nor an "empiricist's companion." Rather, it's a companion for a highly-specialized group of applied non-structural micro-econometricians hoping to estimate causal effects using non-experimental data and largely-static, linear, regression-based methods. It's a novel treatment of that sub-sub-sub-area of applied econometrics, but pretending to be anything more is most definitely harmful, particularly to students, who have no way to recognize the charade as a charade.
If you follow the econonomics blogosphere, you've likely heard a lot about the "credibility revolution." The "credbility" part has to do with the supposed superiority of randomized control trials and quasi-experimental design over traditional models. The "revolution" part has to do with the suggestion that these models should replace, to some degree, theory in determining causality. One popular book, Angrist & Pischke's "Mostly Harmless Econometrics," discusses these methods quite clearly. I've used it a few times as a reference and found it quite helpful.Of course, this revolution is very important for agricultural economists. We spend a lot of time using empirical methods to examine microeconomic problems. An open mind and critical eye are, I think, important for evaluating the usefulness of these newly-popular methods.As the title suggests, I'm skeptical of the "revolution" part and somewhat skeptical of the "credibility" part. Experimental methods are nice as far as they go, but the use of experiments (broadly speaking) is more problematic in the social sciences than in the natural sciences. This is especially important if we are going to rely on the data to determine causality for us, rather than relying on sound theory. Further, some people seem to think these methods are theway to do empirical microeconomics. In this post I'll draw from a few sources to make the arguments that 1) there are some important limitations to these quasi-experimental methods, 2) we shouldn't replace sound theory with data analysis, and 3) the "old" empirical models are just as useful as they always have been.1) Angus Deaton's 2008 Keynes Lecture at the British Academy presents some criticisms of quasi-experimental methods in economics:That last sentence seems particularly damning. If these methods are no better than standard models at determining causality, then we should be leaning just as heavily on theory now as we did before the credibility revolution.2) Pete Boettke puts the relationship between theory and empirics this way:The questions we answer with empirics and theory are different. We also use empirics to fill in the gaps in our theoretical understanding. However, testing theory with data isn't as neat a process as many suggest. We typically hear something like the following in our econometrics courses However, I don't think that's a faithful interpretation of Popper, the father of empirical falsifiability. Here's a quote from his book “The Logic of Scientific Discovery”The applicability of a theory is easier to identify with data than its validity. Epistemic humility is, in my view, extremely important.Don Boudreaux recently discussed a very good example of confusing the direction of causality based solely on empirical analysis. Boudreaux's grasp of sound theory is what allows him tothe data.We also need to keep in mind that these quasi-experimental or randomized control trials are typically done in very narrow contexts. There could be institutional details about a specific scenario that make the results of a given study valid for only that particular scenario. Good deductive theory, where applicable, can help clarify this issue.3) Quasi-experimental methods, I think, can be useful in the proper context. However, they are only a subset of a wide array of statistical tools we have at our disposal. In his (short) review of Angrist & Pischke's "Mostly Harmless Econometrics," Francis Diebold says I'm not sure the tone is entirely appropriate, but Diebold makes a good point: we have other tools at our disposal. In my view, we shouldn't let the rhetoric of the credibility revolution keep us from looking at problems that simply can't be examined with a quasi-experimentation or randomized control trials. If we employ sound theory in our conceptual frameworks and use the most appropriate empirical models, we're likely to produce valuable and interesting research.
PERHAPS it's the combination of a long season, the bitterly cold English weather or too many late nights sampling the UK night-life.
But Billy Slater isn't the only Kangaroos player prepared to throw a punch during Australia's World Cup tour. Tension was at an all-time high last week ­between the two most ­unlikely players, Maroons teammates Nate Myles and Cameron Smith.
Myles went as far as to challenge Smith "outside" after taking offence to a few of the captain's one-liners. Maroons coach Mal Meninga could do worse than smooth the waters between the pair ahead of next year's Origin series.
Earlier incidents involving Josh Papalli, Slater and now Myles and Smith is enough evidence to suggest that the World Cup is ­merely a six-week tour with one serious game of footy at the end. The tournament is two weeks too long and is setup for players to ­entertain themselves in ­between matches.
SMITH SILENT ON SLATER
GIVEN his hardline and controversial stance on ''ban the biff'' during this year's State of Origin series, you would've thought NRL chief executive David Smith would've been the first person to denounce the ''king hit" from Kangaroos fullback Billy Slater. But all we got last week from the NRL boss was crickets.
IT'S HARDLY A FINE DETERRENT
TWO thousand dollars. Whoa, now that's heavy. When are racing stewards going to get serious about the integrity of the sport?
Gai Waterhouse was fined $2,000 for what was excused as a 'brain snap' by her experienced stablehand, who broke the rules of racing on Melbourne Cup day by administering treatment to Tres Blue on the morning of the race.
Given Waterhouse has amassed career prize money of just under $200 million, do stewards seriously believe the penalty is a big enough deterrent to ensure the sport's integrity remains intact?
So this guy has lost his car keys – dropped them somewhere – and he's standing under a streetlamp staring down at the gutter when a friend sees him.
“Lost something?”, he asks.
“Yes,” the first man replies, “it's my car keys. Think they must have fallen out of my pocket.”
“Is that where you dropped them?”, his friend asks.
“No,” he says. “But…there's some light here.”
On the basis of a single opinion poll, some lively and well attended meetings, and a bunch of anecdotal evidence, it has been decided that we know the result of the Labour leadership election. But that single poll, and the packed meetings, are really the equivalent of the light being shone by the streetlamp in the old gag above. They tell us… something. But not, surely, quite how up to 600,000 people are about to vote.
Do we feel that pollsters have displayed particular expertise in identifying the true voting intentions of Labour-minded people recently? Can we be certain that this surge of new members and associates represents only one category of potential voter? I don't think we can.
Only one leadership candidate has overturned expectations, created deep enthusiasm and generated momentum. And it should be a cause of some embarrassment to the other three candidates that it has taken the intervention of grandees and “big beasts” to focus minds more intently on the choice facing the Labour selectorate between now and early September.
The intense pacing of Gordon Brown yesterday was redolent of a severe if not unkind telling off from an exasperated head teacher, who finally felt it necessary to point out a few practical realities about electoral politics. To win, he said, it helped to be “credible, radical and electable”. The digs about Gordon never winning a general election as prime minister were misplaced. From 1992 onwards, Brown was perhaps the key architect of subsequent Labour victories: not the top salesperson, not the best leader, but the deepest and sharpest thinker.
Today, over 20 years after the so-called Granita pact between Tony and Gordon, we see the negative consequences of this duumvirate's dominance over Labour politics in that time. No wholly convincing successor emerged. Only Alan Johnson has been spoken of consistently as a possible leader of the highest class, and he has apparently never wanted the job. Such (excessive?) modesty in a sense rules him out in any case, if he hadn't ruled himself out already.
Supporters of Jeremy Corbyn are entitled to feel proud of what they have achieved. Their candidate has looked comfortable in his skin and sounded confident in his views. His understated fluency has contrasted with the less certain pitches being made by his two better established opponents, Andy Burnham and Yvette Cooper.
But I agreed with the thrust of Brown's argument yesterday. And I don't think some of Corbyn's proposals – leaving NATO, reopening coal mines, possibly reinstating the old Clause IV – are going to win back the support Labour needs to regain lost seats.
Electability matters. If you thought that the caricaturing of “Red Ed” was bad, wait 'til you see what They will make of Corbyn. It's distasteful, and unfair, but try this fantasy Daily Mail headline for size: “Meet Jeremy Corbyn: the Marxist friend of the IRA who tried to stop his kid from going to grammar school”.
None of these arguments will dissuade people who believe that, with Corbyn as leader, millions of previously disillusioned or apathetic voters will sprint back to polling stations, or that Middle England can be persuaded to give large-scale nationalisation another try. The manifest energy and enthusiasm for Corbyn is a rebuke to the other candidates. Something different is needed. But this?
The headline to this piece contains the opening lines to Queen's classic hit ‘Bohemian Rhapsody'.
You'll probably remember the next two lines:
“Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality…”
Reality will strike on September 12. I don't think anyone is ready for what this all could mean.
* IMF sells 200 tonnes of gold to Reserve Bank of India
* Sale is part of total of 403.3 tonnes to be sold by IMF
* Gold price reverses earlier gains, flat near $1,058
* Relieves bearish risk of open-market bullion sale
* Is China next? (Updates prices para 6, analyst comments in paras 7-8, 12)
By Surojit Gupta and Lesley Wroughton
MUMBAI/WASHINGTON, Nov 3 (Reuters) - The International Monetary Fund has sold 200 tonnes of gold to the Reserve Bank of India for $6.7 billion, quietly executing half of a long-planned bullion sale that has threatened to slow gold's ascent.
The deal, which surprised traders who expected China to be the most likely buyer, will relieve the gold market of some uncertainty over how and when the IMF would sell 403.3 tonnes of gold, about one-eighth of its total stock. The deal will increase India's gold holdings to the tenth largest among central banks.
It also fuelled speculation that other governments — including Beijing — may be ready to diversify their reserves even at near-record gold prices, helping soak up IMF supply that the fund may otherwise be forced to sell on the open market.
“Central banks in India and China will be happy to accumulate gold at these levels. I will not be surprised to see even some Southeast Asian banks buying gold,” Aaron Smith, Asia head of the $1.65 billion technical trading fund Superfunds, told Reuters.
For graphics on the world's top gold reserve holders: here
Spot gold prices XAU= earlier rose by nearly one percent, but later reversed those gains to trade little changed at around $1,058 an ounce on Tuesday, within striking distance of last month's $1,070.40 record despite a rallying dollar. Traders said the IMF news could add to the market's upward momentum. [GOL/]
“Its potentially bullish from several points of view,” said Commerzbank analyst Eugen Weinberg. “Gold was kept off the market and sold directly to cental banks so potential sales on market are limited by this.”
“Secondly, it showed large buyers are ready to accept the current price levels. Thirdly, the central banks are increasing their gold reserves. Last but not least the central bank gold agreement sales of 400 tonnes ... is half empty already.”
The Reserve Bank of India said the purchase was an official sector off-market transaction and was executed during Oct. 19-30 at market-based prices.
An IMF official said the sale was concluded at an average price of about $1,045 an ounce and that the transaction would be paid in hard currency and not in IMF Special Drawing Rights.
SURPRISE BUYER
Although the IMF's plan to sell a share of its gold holdings in order to increase low-cost lending to poor countries had been flagged for a year before it was formally approved in September, the speed, scale and identity of the buyer were a surprise.
“It was always thought that some of it would be sold off market but it was a bit of a surprise that as much as 200 tonnes had been sold off market,” said Simon Weeks, director of precious metal sales at Bank of Nova Scotia.
Although India is the world's biggest consumer of gold, primarily in the form of jewellery and investment among its billion-plus people, its central bank had given few signs of seeking to diversify its reserves pool into bullion.
The proportion of gold as part of its total foreign reserves has fallen from over 20 percent in 1994 to just under 4 percent.
India's foreign exchange reserves held at the central bank totalled $285.5 billion on Oct. 23, of which gold comprised just over $10 billion. The latest purchase will lift its share of gold holdings from near 4 percent to about 6 percent, much less than most of the developed world but four times China's share.
The RBI does not officially talk about its diversification strategy. On Tuesday, the RBI said the purchase of IMF's gold was done as part of its foreign exchange reserve management.
For a graphic on the share of gold in central bank reserves: here
But there may also be a geopolitical motive behind the deal: India, like China, is also seeking closer ties with the IMF to assert its authority on the global economic stage.
“This transaction is an important step toward achieving the objectives of the IMF's limited gold sales program, which are to help put the fund's finances on a sound long-term footing and enable us to step up much-needed concessional lending to the poorest countries,” the IMF's managing director, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, said in a statement on Monday.
NO MARKET DISRUPTION
A senior IMF official, speaking on condition of anonymity, declined to say whether other central banks have expressed interest in buying the remaining gold for sale.
He said if no other central banks came forward, the IMF would proceed as planned to sell the gold in the market, but reiterated that the fund would publicize its intentions before doing so to avoid disrupting the market.
Still, the threat of further open-market sales remains a source of concern for gold traders, mindful of the five-year pact among European central banks to sell down a maximum 400 tonnes a year of their holdings, an agreement that was renewed in August and includes the IMF volume. [ID:nN02468120]
The market's focus has now shifted to China, which has reportedly been in talks with the IMF about buying some of the fund's bullion as Beijing seeks to shift some of its more than $2 trillion in foreign exchange reserves away from the U.S. dollar.
“Now people may think China will buy the other half,” said Ronald Leung, director of Lee Cheong Gold Dealers in Hong Kong.
Already the world's top producer of gold and rivalling India as a consumer, China revealed this year that it had quietly lifted its own government holdings of gold stocks to 1,054 tonnes from 600 tonnes when it last reported its holdings in 2003.
It is the first time since 2000 that the IMF has sold gold to a central bank. Between December 1999 and April 2000 in separate transactions, the IMF sold a total of 12.9 million ounces of gold to member countries Brazil and Mexico. (Additional reporting by Lewa Pardomuan and Sambit Mohanty in SINGAPORE and Jan Harvey in EDINBURGH; Editing by Jonathan Leff)
Not to be confused with FBI Academy The FBI National Academy is a program of the FBI Academy for active U.S. law enforcement personnel and also for international law enforcement personnel who seek to enhance their credentials in their field and to raise law enforcement standards, knowledge, and also cooperation worldwide. The FBI National Academy is held four times a year, when up to 250 candidates go through a 10-week course.[1] Contents
History Edit
The FBI National Academy was started on July 29, 1935[2] in response to a 1930 study by the Wickersham Commission that recommended the standardization and professionalization of the law enforcement departments across the United States through centralized training.[3][4] The National Academy is located at the FBI Academy on Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia. In 1935 China, Canada, and Great Britain were among the first foreign nations to send candidates for attendance.[5]
Requirements for admittance Edit
There are a few specific requirements to get into the FBI National Academy. Candidates have to have been in one of the following groups: leaders and managers of state and local police, sheriffs' departments, military police organizations, and law enforcement agencies. To participate candidates have to be invited through a nomination process. Participants are drawn from every state in the union, from U.S. territories, and from over 160 international partner nations.[3] Qualified candidates must:[6] be a regular, full-time officer of a duly-constituted law enforcement agency of a municipality, county, or state, having at least five years of substantial and continuous experience;
be at least 25 years old;
be in excellent physical condition, capable of strenuous exertion and regular participation in the use of firearms, physical training, and defensive tactics, which will be confirmed by a thorough physical examination (submitted when requested by the FBI) by a medical doctor of the nominee's choosing and at the nominee's expense;
possess an excellent character and enjoy a reputation for professional integrity;
exhibit an interest in law enforcement as a public service, a seriousness of purpose, qualities of leadership and enjoy the confidence and respect of fellow officers;
have a high school diploma or high school equivalency certificate; preferably a college diploma;
agree to remain in law enforcement for a minimum of three years after graduating from the FBI National Academy.
Life at the Academy Edit
While at the FBI National Academy during the 10-week course[2] there are many different classes including; law, behavioral science, forensic science, the terrorist mindset, communication, health and fitness, and leadership development.[1] Also at the end of the 10-week course there is a final physical exam called the "Yellow Brick Road" which is 6.1 miles in length and has many different obstacles along the way.[4][7]
We're a week into the tour of America and we've just arrived into Los Angeles ahead of tonight's game against Chelsea at the Rose Bowl.
It's been a few days since my previous update, and last time I wrote about not wanting to be embarrassed when we went out for a team meal on my birthday… but unfortunately that was never going to be the case.
We went to a Mexican restaurant, which was very good – the food was fantastic. More importantly, it was the kind of thing that helps bring all the new players into the group with us lads and helps them settle.
However, at the end of the meal, I was given a little cake with a candle in it and everybody started tapping their glasses with their forks to try and get me to do a speech.
At first, I was too shy and didn't get up but Millie and Ads were absolutely hammering me to do so. Adam particularly, who was saying ‘I thought you had more about you? You should have got up and addressed everyone.'
I was peer-pressured into it, so I went to stand up on a chair and as soon as I started speaking everybody started cheering and clapping. I tried again, and they did the same thing again so in the end, there was no point me getting up on the chair because they were all just taking the mick out of me.
Afterwards, me, Millie, Ads and Hendo ended up going to the Cheesecake Factory to have a look at it and see what it's all about. When we were in there, Millie told us it was a mile from the hotel so we thought it'd be nice to have a relaxing walk back before going to bed.
After walking for about half an hour, and the hotel not anywhere within our sights, we asked Millie how much further it was. He looked at his phone and said 0.9 miles... It was an effort walking home, but it was a great night and good to spend it with my teammates, both old and new.
In more serious and important matters, training has continued to be very good, enjoyable and hard.
It's been tough with the hot weather, really tough. We were doing running a couple of days ago and although we'd been doing the same runs at Melwood, but with the heat and everything else it really does take it out of you.
But it's good, we're getting fitter every day as a team and becoming more tactically aware of what the staff want from us. It's been a fantastic camp so far and we're really looking forward to the game tonight.
I said in my first blog that when I get on the plane to go back home to Liverpool, I wanted to be in the best shape possible and I feel on course to reach that, 100 per cent.
One thing I want to mention is the food has been absolutely incredible on the trip – Mona [Nemmer] and Bernie [Bennett] have been fantastic. There's so much selection and that's important because it's the fuel for us guys to bring the best out of our bodies. In this heat, you're sweating a lot more, losing a lot more water from your body and losing more body fat, so it's important that we refuel with the right foods and those two have been incredible for us boys, really spoiling us.
Today we have the game against Chelsea at the iconic Rose Bowl stadium. Somebody told me when we got here the World Cup final was held here in 1994. I was only two back then so I wasn't too aware of it at the time, but I am really looking forward to it.
I fell in love with LA when I came here in the summer on my holiday, so it's great to be back here. Hopefully if I get time on the pitch, or even if not, I'll enjoy the occasion and the experience with the lads and the new boys. With the fans over here, it'll be great.
The game itself is going to be an interesting one, Chelsea are obviously a very good team so you can see it being very competitive. It's important we go into the match knowing what we have to do, but trying to get the win too – we always want to win our games.
Tonight will be a different kind of challenge with all due respect to the teams we've faced so far because Chelsea are a lot stronger than the other sides we've played, but nothing changes for us. It's a pre-season fixture so we can put all of our training and preparation into it and get the outcome we want from it in terms of fitness, mentality and tactics, and hopefully get the win as well.
Off the pitch, we've been spending time together in the players' room and bonding as a squad, which is always crucial.
As I mentioned last time, Millie remains an absolute joke at darts, he's draining me. He's my doubles partner, so I've been playing alongside him, but when it's come to facing him, I've never seen anything like it.
I can't beat him at the moment – but I am adamant that before we finish this blog, I will beat him at darts. I don't really want him to know that because he'll lift his game even more because he's that sort of guy, but I'm determined to sign off with a win against him.
At the other end of the spectrum, Andy O'Boyle, one of the fitness coaches, has been nicknamed ‘The Taser' by me because every time he throws a dart, it's like somebody has stuck a taser into his back. Honestly, I've never seen someone release a dart so quickly in my life. It's something you have to see to realise how strange his technique actually is – it's hilarious.
And there's another member of staff, who I've mentioned before and while I can't give you his name, once he reads this he'll know exactly who I am talking about.
He hammers me every day about how good he is at darts, how good he is at table tennis and how good he is at other games. Finally, he stepped up on Tuesday and played against Millie in a 501 at darts – and I have never seen anyone miss the board so much in my life. He is humiliating himself by talking it up so much. He knows who he is and I am sure people are going to start realising who this is the more I keep talking about him.
Today though is all about what happens on the pitch tonight and putting what we've been doing in training into practice.
What we're doing now, both with the games and in our sessions, is all to get us ready for the start of the season next month and I am confident we'll be fully prepared and then some come the game against Arsenal on August 14.
Watch Liverpool take on Chelsea in Los Angeles on LFCTV and LFCTV GO. Click here for details.
– No humans were hurt, but a rescue did take place at a burning Grand Rapids home.
Crews were dispatched to the scene Tuesday morning at 1100 Sigsbee St. SE, near Barth Ave. to find heavy smoke in an upstairs apartment.
No residents were inside, Fire Battalion Chief Bart Perry told WWJ's Rob Mason, however, “On their way out the building they did find in their search a small dog within eight to 10 feet from the front door.”
“They exited the building with the dog, brought it down to the front yard where two of our guys that were operating pumps outside of the structure took the dog and began giving it oxygen,” he said.
Perry estimates that the dog was out of the house within three minutes of the time firefighters were dispatched.
He said the department was fortunate to have recently receive special a respirator designed for pets — and they put it to work.
“Within 20 minutes of delivering oxygen and kind of stimulating the dog in the front yard, encouraging it to breathe and, you know, kind of rubbing it,” Perry said, “the dog was up and running around.”
A neighbor, Jordan Roberts, snapped a photo of the firefighters working on the dog and shared it on WOOD-TV's Facebook page. WOOD reported Roberts and her kids watched with fascination and a group gathered around cheered when the dog's tail began to wag.
“My sons have been talking about it all day,” she posted.
The photo had more than 8,300 likes, 1,200 share and 160 comments of Wednesday afternoon.
Perry said that although human lives are always their first priority they treat animals with the same care and concern.
“(It's) kind of success story that we don't often encounter with the fire department,” he added.
As expected, Square has filed to go public. The financial transactions shop reported in its S-1 document that during the first half of 2015, it had revenue of $560.6 million, and a loss of $77.6 million. Those numbers compare favorably to the year-ago six-month period during which Square reported $371.9 million in revenue, and a slightly steeper $79.4 million in losses.
In short, Square grew at a decent clip while managing a minor reduction in losses. That's a good thing. The company is going to list on the NYSE. The company's reported half-year gross profit of $164.6 million, compared to its total revenue underscores how competitive, and expensive the payments business is.
Notably, the company's net loss fell in its second quarter to $29.6 million, down from a far steeper $47.9 million in its first quarter. To be clear, however, Square has a history of losses, and it doesn't appear to be in close reach of profitability at its current rate of growth.
The company also specifically broke out its transaction revenue from its deal with Starbucks. It said that it brought in $62.9 million in revenue from that deal in the first half of 2015, up from $56.6 million in the first half of 2014.
Square, as of the end of its second quarter in 2015, had cash and equivalents of $197.9 million, implying that it is not out of runway in any material sense. Though, if the company has strong investment plans ahead of it, an IPO would provide welcome capitalization.
The company's gross payment volume — the total dollar amount of all card payments processed by sellers — hit $15.9 billion in the first half of 2015. That's up from $10.4 billion in the first half of 2014 and $23.8 billion in total for 2014. The company said it had $14.8 billion in GPV for 2013 and $6.5 billion for 2012.
There's plenty of boilerplate in the company's risk factors — like whether it will be able to hit profitability given its continuous investment into the business. But the most interesting risk factor listed in the report is that of the nature of Jack Dorsey's relationship with Square and Twitter.
Dorsey is the CEO of Square, but also was recently named the CEO of Twitter, and will essentially have to split his time between the two companies. “This may at times adversely affect his ability to devote time, attention, and effort to Square,” the filing notes.
Another risk factor listed in the S-1 is the potential breach of its customer data. This isn't necessarily surprising — most-recently, Target and Home Depot were targeted as part of a massive security breach that exposed sensitive customer data. It ended up as one of the biggest customer data breaches in recent memory — and it's something that Square is going to have to avoid.
Dorsey is Square's largest shareholder with 24.4 percent. Khosla Ventures has a 17.3 percent stake and co-founder James McKelvey has a 9.4 percent share. Other top shareholders include JPMC Strategic Investments at 5.5 percent, and Sequoia Capital and Rizvi Traverse, each with 5.4 percent equity.
Square has access to a $225 million credit facility, of which it has drawn down $30 million. That open debt pool, combined with the company's current cash supply, and presumed IPO proceeds should leave the company well capitalized.
The raw figures are better than what many at TechCrunch expected. That said, the company is attempting to enter the public markets at an interesting time. Recent IPOs, including the tectonic Alibaba and the popular Box, have seen their share prices struggle. The larger public equity markets have been marked by uncertainty and swings. Square is not attempting its flotation at a time when things are placid.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A 5p levy on single-use carrier bags applies whether the bag is plastic, paper or made from plant-based material
A mandatory carrier bag charge has been introduced in Scotland for the first time.
Shoppers will now have to pay a minimum of 5p per bag, with many retailers donating proceeds to good causes.
In May, MSPs voted to bring in the new regulations in a bid to tackle Scotland's litter problem, but the fee does not just apply to plastic bags.
It has also been imposed on single-use carriers made from eco-friendly materials.
The minimum charge applies to all retailers, not just supermarkets.
Wales became the first part of the UK to introduce a minimum charge for single-use carrier bags in 2011, followed by Northern Ireland last year.
What does the new bag charge mean?
What are the reasons behind the charge, how will retailers be affected, where will the money go and exactly which bags will customers be paying for?
Read our guide to the new plastic bag charge here.
The Scottish government has estimated that 800 million single-use bags are given out by supermarkets every year in Scotland alone.
More than 160 retailers including Marks and Spencer, McDonald's and The Co-operative Group have registered for Zero Waste Scotland's Carrier Bag Commitment, launched earlier this year.
This means organisations have agreed to donate the net proceeds from the charge to good causes, which may include environmental causes.
'Throwaway culture'
Environment Secretary Richard Lochhead said: "I'm extremely proud that this landmark legislation is now in force.
"Our carrier bag addiction is symptomatic of our throwaway culture and has serious implications for the environment.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption It is hoped that the new minimum charges for carrier bags will help tackle Scotland's litter problem
"Huge numbers of these bags end up as litter, blighting our communities and clogging up our seas and natural habitats, affecting many sorts of wildlife and marine species in particular.
"We want that to change and for people to stop and think about whether they really need to take another bag.
"Alternatives like bags-for-life are easy to get and are much more sustainable."
'Step forward'
The Marine Conservation Society said the Scottish move was "a major step forward in tackling a problem that causes so much harm to marine wildlife".
The society has argued that it will reduce harmful litter on beaches and in the sea, and prevent many wildlife entanglements and choking deaths.
Pollution programme manager Laura Foster said: "We look forward to seeing the results in Scotland following the great example that has been set in Wales and in Northern Ireland.
"A 5p charge on all single-use carrier bags, regardless of the material they are made from, is a really encouraging step forward and millions of bags will now not end up in Scottish waters thanks to this decision by Holyrood."
Environmental group WWF Scotland also welcomed the mandatory fees.
Director Lang Banks said: "We know that in other parts of the world, charges for plastic bags have led to dramatic reductions in their use, as well as positive changes in consumer behaviour.
"A great example is Denmark, which introduced a charge in 2003, and now has the lowest plastic bag use in Europe, using four plastic bags per person per year.
"At present Scots consume nearly 800 million carrier bags every year, with millions ending up in landfill, polluting our environment and threatening wildlife."
Arizona attorneys have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to consider whether state statutes give too much discretion to prosecutors to determine which murders deserve to be punished by a death penalty, and whether the inability of certain counties to fund capital trials violates the due process clause of the Constitution. (Photo: Mark Henle/The Republic)
Arizona defense attorneys on Monday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to consider whether state statutes give too much discretion to prosecutors to determine which murders deserve to be punished by a death penalty, and whether the inability of certain counties to fund capital trials violates the due process clause of the Constitution.
The petition for a writ of certiorari, as such requests are known, also extrapolates to the nation as a whole. It asks the high court if it is time to reconsider the death penalty in light of changing opinions, nationally and internationally, as to whether it constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.
It will be months before the court decides if it will hear the case.
The question has been bouncing around Arizona courts since 2015. In March, the Arizona Supreme Court knocked it down, ruling that the state statutes were sufficient.
Phoenix defense attorneys Susan Corey, Garrett Simpson and Consuelo Ohanesian, who argued the matter in Maricopa County Superior Court and the state Supreme Court, decided to take it to the nation's capital. And they enlisted Washington, D.C., attorney Neal Kumar Kaytal as lead counsel.
Kaytal, a former acting U.S. Solicitor General, has tried more cases before the U.S. Supreme Court than any other attorney, including the one determining that military trials at Guantanamo violated the Constitution and international law.
Most recently, Kaytal represented the state of Hawaii in challenging President Donald Trump's travel ban.
"We knew our chances are better with him on the case," Corey said.
RELATED: Arizona publishes new lethal-injection rules for prisoner executions
Corey, an attorney with the Maricopa County Office of the Legal Advocate, researched more than a decade's worth of capital murder cases in her attempt to prove that the state statute is arbitrary.
In 1972, in a case called Furman vs. Georgia, the U.S. Supreme Court set aside the death penalty after determining that it was randomly applied at the total discretion of prosecutors. Four years later it was reinstated when states came up with the concept of identifying aggravating factors that more specifically identified — or narrowed — the definition of the "worst of the worst" murders, those that called for death.
Arizona's death-penalty statute fit into that category. Among the aggravating factors are that the murder was especially cruel, heinous or depraved; that it was committed for monetary gain; that there were multiple murders; that the victim was a child; and so on.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
But over the past four decades, the number of aggravating factors in the Arizona state statute has risen from six to 14, and Corey and Simpson argue that virtually every murder now has aggravating factors that qualify it for the death penalty.
To prove their point, they assembled data from 866 murders over an 11-year period and found that 856, or 98.8 percent, of them had aggravating factors that could qualify them as death cases. They concluded that the only real determinant was the whim of the prosecutor.
Furthermore, they noted that smaller Arizona counties tend to pursue fewer capital cases because of the expense of trying them.
Corey and Simpson and other attorneys first broached the question in 2015 on behalf of 27 defendants facing capital murder charges. A Maricopa County Superior Court judge expressed sympathy with their logic, but determined that the decision rested with the state Supreme Court, which refused to hear the argument.
That meant that Corey and Simpson had to wait until one of those defendants was actually sentenced to death to raise the question again. It fell upon the case of Abel Hidalgo, who committed murder for hire in 2000. In March, the Arizona Supreme Court upheld his death sentence.
Corey and Simpson had argued there were so many aggravating factors that every murder was death eligible. The state countered that each case needed to be evaluated by itself, that no one aggravator applied to all murders and all aggravators could not apply to a single murder.
The defense attorneys say that leaves discretion to the prosecutors, when the narrowing is supposed to be done by legislators defining in statute which cases call for death.
They hope the U.S. Supreme Court will reconsider.
"A legislature is able to establish 'clear and objective' systemwide standards that
will lead to uniform distinctions between those who are death-eligible and those who are not," said Monday's petition. "By contrast, if the question is left to the prosecutors' 'standardless sentencing discretion,' the class of death-eligible defendants will shift depending on which prosecutor is making the charging decision. In that sort of scheme, those not sentenced to death are often 'just as reprehensible' as those who are, a form of arbitrariness that the Furman Court firmly rejected."
The petition goes further, questioning the relevance of the death penalty in America. It says 104 countries have abolished it, and notes that in the past 15 years, seven U.S. states have as well. Meanwhile, 117 death-row prisoners have been exonerated since 1989.
READ: Arizona lawyer's sleuthing frees murder convict
"In short, the death penalty has become a rare and 'freakish' punishment," the petition says.
The petition invokes the famous dissent by Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer in a 2015 decision on lethal injection in which he asked "a more basic question: whether the death penalty violates the Constitution."
The Maricopa County Attorney's Office, which contested Corey's original argument alleging death-penalty prosecutions are arbitrary and which tried the Hidalgo case in Superior Court, declined comment.
Attorney General Mark Brnovich, whose office defended the Hidalgo death sentence and the death-penalty statute before the Arizona Supreme Court, said only, “We've always believed that those who commit the ultimate crime deserve the ultimate punishment."
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2w8CKsi
Microsoft's white, employee-only Xbox One could become a little less exclusive. The snow-colored console is rumored to appear alongside the cartoony shooter Sunset Overdrive this October, and a 1TB version of the hardware might release in November according to a NeoGAF thread that's been confirmed by The Verge's sources. What's more, Microsoft's latest console may also see worldwide release this year sans Blu-ray drive for $399. With the annual DICE Summit and Game Developers Conference not far off on the horizon, it might not be long before we see these rumors publicly confirmed. We've reached out to Redmond and will let you know if we hear back.
Update: The source of the NeoGAF thread also says that a Limited Edition Titanfall console is on the way too, posting what he says is an image of the special console's design. Skip on past the break for a peek at the alleged hardware.
Americans should no longer expect that their private conversations will remain private, the head of the FBI said on Wednesday.
FBI Director James Comey told a conference on cybersecurity that there is no longer any such thing as 'absolute privacy' in the era of WikiLeaks, social media, and hyper-interconnection, according to CNN.
'There is no such thing as absolute privacy in America; there is no place outside of judicial reach,' Comey told the conference at Boston College.
'Even our communications with our spouses, with our clergy members, with our attorneys are not absolutely private in America,' Comey said.
Scroll down for video
FBI Director James Comey (above) told a conference on cybersecurity in Boston on Wednesday that there is no longer any such thing as 'absolute privacy' in the era of WikiLeaks, social media, and hyper-interconnection
'In appropriate circumstances, a judge can compel any one of us to testify in court about those very private communications.'
Comey's remarks came over 24 hours after the anti-secrecy organization WikiLeaks unveiled a trove of documents that purport to shed light on sophisticated information-gathering techniques used by the CIA.
Among the most shocking revelations were the fact that the US spy agency is capable of hacking into smartphone apps and television sets for the purpose of eavesdropping on unsuspecting users.
The former head of the CIA, General Michael Hayden, told CBS' Late Show on Tuesday that the agency does not spy on Americans.
In 2013, former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden gave journalists thousands of classified documents that revealed numerous global surveillance programs.
Comey's remarks came over 24 hours after the anti-secrecy organization WikiLeaks unveiled a trove of documents that purport to shed light on sophisticated information-gathering techniques used by the CIA (whose logo is seen above)
Among the most shocking revelations were the fact that the US spy agency is capable of hacking into smartphone apps and television sets for the purpose of eavesdropping on unsuspecting users
The revelations were shocking to civil libertarians who were unaware of the scope of government-sanctioned espionage.
Comey seconded Hayden's assessment, saying on Wednesday that Americans 'have a reasonable expectation of privacy in our homes, in our cars, in our devices.'
'It is a vital part of being an American. The government cannot invade our privacy without good reason, reviewable in court,' Comey said.
The FBI director revealed that in the last four months of 2016, the FBI legally recovered 2,800 electronic devices during the course of its investigations into terrorism and other crimes.
Of those, the FBI was unable to open 43 percent of the devices, Comey said.
He said that despite fears of erosion of privacy, Americans have been able to strike a balance between civil liberties and protecting security.
'We all value privacy. We all value security. We should never have to sacrifice one for the other,' Comey said.
'Our founders struck a bargain that is at the center of this amazing country of ours and has been for over two centuries.'
The former head of the CIA, General Michael Hayden (left), told CBS' Late Show with Stephen Colbert (right) on Tuesday that the agency does not spy on Americans
Comey said on Wednesday that he is planning to stay in his post until the end of his own 10-year-term.
Comey, who was the subject of new intrigue after President Donald Trump sent out a flurry of unsubstantiated weekend tweets accusing former President Barack Obama of having his phones tapped, revealed his plans at a conference on cybersecurity.
'You're stuck with me for another six and a half years,' he told the conference.
That would keep Comey in office beyond President Trump's four-year term in office and into his second term if he got re-elected.
Comey issued the vow after referencing the bureau's reputation for relentlessness, and invoking the name of a famed hijacker who eluded agents for decades.
Research supports an association between extraversion and dopamine (DA) functioning. DA facilitates incentive motivation and the conditioning and incentive encoding of contexts that predict reward. Therefore, we assessed whether extraversion is related to the efficacy of acquiring conditioned contextual facilitation of three processes that are dependent on DA: motor velocity, positive affect, and visuospatial working memory. We exposed high and low extraverts to three days of association of drug reward (methylphenidate, MP) with a particular laboratory context (Paired group), a test day of conditioning, and three days of extinction in the same laboratory. A Placebo group and an Unpaired group (that had MP in a different laboratory context) served as controls. Conditioned contextual facilitation was assessed by (i) presenting video clips that varied in their pairing with drug and laboratory context and in inherent incentive value, and (ii) measuring increases from day 1 to Test day on the three processes above. Results showed acquisition of conditioned contextual facilitation across all measures to video clips that had been paired with drug and laboratory context in the Paired high extraverts, but no conditioning in the Paired low extraverts (nor in either of the control groups). Increases in the Paired high extraverts were correlated across the three measures. Also, conditioned facilitation was evident on the first day of extinction in Paired high extraverts, despite the absence of the unconditioned effects of MP. By the last day of extinction, responding returned to day 1 levels. The findings suggest that extraversion is associated with variation in the acquisition of contexts that predict reward. Over time, this variation may lead to differences in the breadth of networks of conditioned contexts. Thus, individual differences in extraversion may be maintained by activation of differentially encoded central representations of incentive contexts that predict reward.
Grog culture defended as 'core social value'
Updated
Chief Minister Adam Giles has defended the Northern Territory's drinking culture as a "core social value".
Speaking at an Australian Hotels Association (AHA) annual awards dinner in Darwin last night, Mr Giles said the tradition of "having a coldie" in a pub should be "enshrined" as part of Territory life.
"This is our lifestyle, this is the way we live," he said.
Mr Giles said the Government would do its best to support the liquor industry.
"We all know the benefits of the Territory lifestyle, the opportunity and excitement around having a coldie, whether it's at the Daly Waters Pub, at Bojangles, or the Humpty Doo Tavern," he said.
Earlier in the evening, Deputy Chief Minister Dave Tollner told the gathering that the previous Labor government's alcohol policies had treated Territorians like "criminal suspects" and publicans like "heroin traffickers".
Mr Tollner made the comments in reference to the ALP's Banned Drinkers Register (BDR).
The BDR was abolished immediately after the Country Liberals won power last year.
Mr Tollner said his Government was putting in place a very different regime to give problem drinkers a chance to be rehabilitated.
"A year ago, Territorians were made to feel like criminal suspects every time they went into a bottle shop, publicans were something akin to heroin traffickers and innocent tourists were turned away every time they lobbed into a liquor takeaway or the like," he said.
Mr Tollner said publicans had been unfairly represented in the media as not caring about alcohol abuse in the community.
In February, AHA chief executive officer Paul Nicolaou told the ABC that problem drinkers "were society's problem, not the AHA's".
Mr Tollner told last night's gathering the AHA does care about problem drinkers in the Territory.
"Unlike what has been fed to the media in previous months, these guys are actually very keen to deal with the problem caused by alcohol on the streets," he said.
Mr Tollner said the Country Liberals' compulsory alcohol rehabilitation plans would give problem drinkers the help they needed but those who committed crime while intoxicated would be penalised.
The Opposition labelled Mr Tollner's comments as obnoxious.
Labor's Delia Lawrie says the comments won't help solve the Territory's alcohol problems.
"Referring to publicans as being treated like heroin traffickers is really quite obnoxious," she said.
"It misses the point of what we are trying to deal with here, which is drunks in the parks and in the streets."
John Boffa from the alcohol advocacy group PAAC today criticised Mr Tollner's rhetoric.
"It is really concerning to hear the Minister talk with such extreme language," he said.
"I think it's bordering on delusional; it's hysterical."
Topics: alcohol, government-and-politics, rehabilitation, nt, darwin-0800
First posted
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 10, 2013, 9:04 PM GMT By Denise Chow
On the left-hand side of this photo the newly formed iceberg that measures 720 square kilometers is visible. DLR
A massive iceberg, larger than the city of Chicago, broke off Antarctica's Pine Island Glacier on Monday and is now floating freely in the Amundsen Sea, according to a team of German scientists.
The newborn iceberg measures about 278 square miles (720 square kilometers), and was seen by TerraSAR-X, an earth-observing satellite operated by the German Space Agency (DLR). Scientists with NASA's Operation IceBridge first discovered a giant crack in the Pine Island Glacier in October 2011, as they were flying over and surveying the sprawling ice sheet.
At that time, the fissure spanned about 15 miles (24 kilometers) in length and 164 feet (50 meters) in width, according to researchers at the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research in Bremerhaven, Germany. In May 2012, satellite images revealed a second rift had formed near the northern side of the first crack.
"As a result of these cracks, one giant iceberg broke away from the glacier tongue," Angelika Humbert, a glaciologist at the Alfred Wegener Institute, said in a statement. [Photo Gallery: Antarctica's Pine Island Glacier Cracks]
Humbert and her colleagues studied high resolution radar images taken by the TerraSAR-X satellite to track the changes in the two cracks, and to observe the processes behind glacier movements.
A topographic map of Antarctica; the Pine Island Glacier is marked in red. Angelika Humbert, Alfred Wegener Institute
"Using the images we have been able to follow how the larger crack on the Pine Island Glacier extended initially to a length of 28 kilometers (17 miles)," Nina Wilkens, one of the team researchers from the Alfred Wegener Institute, said in a statement. "Shortly before the 'birth' of the iceberg, the gap then widened bit by bit so that it measured around 540 meters (1,770 feet) at its widest point."
As the Pine Island Glacier retreats and flows out to sea, it develops and drops icebergs as part of a natural and cyclical process, Humbert said. But, the way the ice breaks, or "calves," is still somewhat mysterious.
"Glaciers are constantly in motion," she said. "They have their very own flow dynamics. Their ice is exposed to permanent tensions and the calving of icebergs is still largely unresearched."
The Pine Island Glacier ice shelf, the part of the glacier that extends out into the water, last produced large icebergs in 2001 and 2007.
The glacier is the longest and fastest-changing on the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. While Humbert and her colleagues did not draw direct connections between this week's calving event and climate change, other scientists, including marine geologists at the British Antarctic Survey, are investigating whether global warming is thinning Antarctica's ice sheets and speeding up the glacier's retreat.
An aerial shot of Antarctica's Pine Island Glacier. On Monday, a huge piece of the glacier's ice shelf (the portion that floats on the water) broke off to form a new iceberg. Angelika Humbert, Alfred-Wegener-Institute
Yet, the flow of the Pine Island Glacier may be driven by other factors, Humbert said. The glacier flows to the Amundsen Sea at a rate of about 2.5 miles (4 km) per year. She says whether the flow speeds up or slows down is based more on changing wind directions in the Amundsen Sea, and less by rising air temperatures.
"The wind now brings warm seawater beneath the shelf ice," Humbert said. "Over time, this process means that the shelf ice melts from below, primarily at the so-called grounding line, the critical transition to the land ice."
Still, if the glacier's flow speeds up, it could have serious consequences, the researchers said. The Pine Island Glacier currently acts as a plug, holding back part of the immense West Antarctic Ice Sheet whose melting ice contributes to rising sea levels.
Follow Denise Chow on Twitter @denisechow. Follow OurAmazingPlanet @OAPlanet, Facebook and Google+. Original article at LiveScience's OurAmazingPlanet.
Syndicated Chicago Sun-Times columnist Robert Novak has been diagnosed with a brain tumor and is being treated in a Boston hospital.
Novak issued a statement Monday saying the tumor was found Sunday after he'd been rushed to Brigham and Women's Hospital from Cape Cod, where he was visiting his daughter.
Novak said he was suspending his journalistic work for an indefinite, "but God willing, not too lengthy period." His statement did not say if the tumor was malignant.
Last week, Novak was given a $50 citation after he struck a homeless man with his black Corvette in Washington. Novak kept going until he was stopped by a bicyclist.
Novak is the former host of "Crossfire." He was the first to publicly reveal the name of CIA operative Valerie Plame.
For the first time, the boundary between fungi and rock has been imaged on a nanoscale -- unraveling the fundamental processes by which fungi break down rocks into soil whilst extracting essential nutrients.
In a new study published in the journal Geology, Bonneville et al. show that fungi launch a dual attack to decompose rocks, first weakening them through mechanical strain and then by chemical alteration.
This process is extremely common (occurring in 90% of trees in the Northern Hemisphere where roots are in symbiosis with fungi), but up to this point little understood. In exchange for the delivery of nutrients, the fungi receive carbon that has been fixed by the trees during photosynthesis, which effectively links the carbon cycle with the formation of soil from rocks.
The implications of this work are therefore very broad, from soil fertility and agriculture to the chemistry of river water, the atmosphere, and Earth's climate.
Sameh A. Habeed
The Palestine Telegraph
April 22, 2009 The Palestine TelegraphApril 22, 2009
Baghdad says it does not want the Blackwater “security company” to operate in Iraqi airspace or land … “under one name or another” and that Iraqi officials will press to secure compensation for the killings carried out by the US mercenary company.
Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said on Tuesday that the company – now calling itself Xe – will be active in the country at least until summer in some ground and air operations. Iraq is planning to take over some of the functions of the company – such as helicopter patrols – but needs at least until May 2010 to train local units.
[efoods]He gave no other details of when the last Blackwater/Xe units would leave Iraq, but insisted that the Iraqi goverment would continue to press for compensation for the deadly September 16, 2007 shooting and other violent incidents in which Iraqi civilians were killed by the company's staff, who are mostly former military personnel lured by the far higher salaries to work as mercenaries for “security companies” such as Blackwater/Xe.
The US occupation administration granted legal immunity to these outfits for crimes committed in Iraq, which caused outrage in the country.
After 17 Iraqis were killed and another 20 wounded in a 2007 shooting in Baghdad's busy Nisoor Square, Iraqi officials ruled that the North Carolina-based Blackwater would be barred from operating in the country. Despite the ban, the US State Department renewed the scandal-ridden Blackwater's contract seven months later, in April 2008.
Al-Dabbagh said it was surprising to hear the company will work in Iraq longer than previously thought.
Iraq is currently making plans to take over some of the company's roles, he said and added that a certain company will extend its work to help protect Iraqi airspace until next year. He insisted that he was not referring.
By Scoop Malinowski
WBC Super Bantamweight Champion
May 21, 1977 – April 1983
WBC Featherweight Champion
March 31, 1984 – December 8, 1984
World Junior Lightweight Champion
May 1985 – May 24, 1986
Born On: October 29, 1956 In: Las Monjas, Puerto Rico
Childhood Hero: “Carlos Ortiz.”
Nickname: “Bazooka.”
Childhood Dream: “I was fighting so much, it's like I was born to fight. I had incredible power. Don't get me wrong, I could box. That's why I won 90 of 93 amateur fights. Punching power is why I won six major gold medals and three world championships in three divisions.”
Early Boxing Memory: “When I bought my parents a new house and I bought them a taxi cab.”
Favorite Movies: “Romantic and western movies.”
Greatest Sports Moment: “Carlos Zarate fight (TKO 5 in '78). That was a difficult fight. I was worried. All the experts said I would get knocked out. He had 45 fights and 44 knockouts. But I realized I could hit him in the first round. Because I could hit him at will. I knew that I was able to dominate him. He was the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world at the time. That fight was the one that got me in the spotlight in the sport of boxing.”
Most Painful Moment: “Sanchez fight (L TKO 8 in '81 in Las Vegas). I underestimated him. And I never trained for that fight. There was a lot of media attention for that fight and I felt as if I disappointed my country.”
Favorite Meal: “Lobster.”
Favorite Ice Cream Flavor: “Vanilla.”
Pre-Fight Feeling: “Very confident. I'd look to intimidate with the eyes.”
Pre-Fight Meal: “I'd like to eat very light. So I wouldn't feel heavy. Like spaghetti.”
Funny Boxing Memory: “Before the Carlos Zarate fight, two of my girlfriends came into the dressing room and they started fighting each other [laughs].”
Toughest Opponents: “Salvador Sanchez. He was very tough. Trained very well. He kept himself clean. He threw many different punches. And he had a helluva condition. It seemed like he got stronger as the fight went on. Juan LaPorte. That fight was at the end of my career. I wasn't crazy about training after this fight. I just wanted to make weight. Physically, I wasn't strong anymore. And as a fighter, you need to be physically conditioned – or else you are done when you step in that ring. Azumah Nelson. At the end, I just didn't have it any longer. I knew Nelson was tough but my discipline for the sport was gone. I always thought I could have five world titles, but I got careless and gave in to temptation and money. I didn't want to commit to the sacrifice of training any more. I believe that's why I lost to Nelson.”
Hardest Puncher: “Carlos Zarate.”
Fight(s) I was at my best: “The fight with Carlos Zarate. I felt I could do anything I wanted in the ring that night.”
Worst Injury: “The shots Rocky Lockridge hit me with damaged my vocal chords. And I've never really recovered all the way.”
How I'd Like To Be Remembered: “A world champion for Puerto Rico who gave all his power to boxing. A champion who fought any challenger anywhere, all over the world.”
People Qualities Most Admired: “Just be a good person.”
Introduction
Gigabyte has proven that it has the wherewithal to create pocket-sized PCs that punch harder than their size would suggest, but given that the company's roots are entrenched in the enthusiast scene, there's understandably an insatiable desire to want to deliver more speed.
The Taiwanese manufacturer has previously attempted to shoehorn dedicated Nvidia graphics into a NUC-like form factor with reasonable success, and there's obviously sufficient demand for such systems as Gigabyte is at it once again with a new offering that has grown taller to accommodate meatier innards.
Dubbed the Brix Gaming UHD and priced at around £875 for a barebone unit, this is the largest Brix system we've ever tested, yet also the most powerful. Measuring 220mm (H) x 110mm (D) x 110mm (W) in size, the machine's footprint remains tiny compared to traditional PCs, and the extra height has allowed Gigabyte to include a potent Intel Core i7 processor and dedicated Nvidia GeForce graphics.
It's a neat-looking thing, too. The brushed aluminium effect around the sides works well, the white LED surround on the lid is subtle enough not to be jarring, while a rubber base keeps everything planted. Connectivity options have been limited on previous Brix solutions, but with the extra available space, the Gaming UHD box makes available five USB ports (3x USB 3.0, 1x USB 3.1 Type-A, 1x USB 3.1 Type-C) as well as Gigabit Ethernet, audio jacks, HDMI, a trio of mini-DisplayPort and a connector for the 180W external power supply.
An integrated Intel Wireless-AC 8260 adapters provides dual-band WiFi connectivity, and the only obvious snag with regards to connectivity is the positioning of the ports. The power button is tucked around back alongside all the USB ports, while the display outputs, on the side of the unit, look ungainly when cables are attached.
We'd like to see Gigabyte relocate the power button and have at least one front-facing USB port on future models, but given the internal layout and size constraints, we can understand why the ports are where they are. Opening the Brix Gaming UHD is surprisingly simple, with the user having to undo just four screws on the underside to remove the fan cover. Doing so allows half of the system's metal shell to slide up and away.
It's an important process as every buyer will need to make their way inside the machine at some point. Remember, this is a barebone unit, meaning memory, storage and operating system must be added in order for it to function. Gigabyte has done well to ensure accessibility isn't an issue, and getting everything up and running can be achieved with a minimal number of screws and very little effort.
With the shroud removed, we can see two empty 2.5in slots positioned either side of the central column, and both can be populated using the combined data-plus-power SATA 6Gbps cables. What's clever is how the Brix Gaming UHD provides access to memory - unclip a few cables (three, to be precise) and the top board, housing the GPU, flips up and out.
Would-be buyers should note that Gigabyte's installation tutorial video is easier to follow than the manual, though we suspect the target audience will have no trouble during the disassembly process. Get the graphics board out and you can reach the two SO-DIMM DDR4 memory slots as well as a pair of M.2 storage bays. Helping us along with our review, Gigabyte has pre-populated our sample with 16GB of dual-channel Crucial DDR4-2400 memory (out of a maximum of 32GB) and a 512GB Samsung 950 Pro SSD, but do note that these aren't included as standard with the retail product.
How about the core components that are included? Well, the CPU is an Intel Core i7-6700HQ processor. Aimed primarily at high-end laptops, the quad-core chip offers hyper-threading and a 3.5GHz Turbo frequency in a 45W package that's well suited to a machine of this ilk. It's in the graphics department that the Brix Gaming UHD raises an eyebrow as the system is outfitted with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 950 served in an MXM form factor.
Dating back to August 2015, the GTX 950 isn't what we'd hoped to see in an £875 barebone and unless a compatible MXM upgrade is made available, gaming performance in today's latest titles will be limited. And yes, Gigabyte's branding is playing fast and loose with what this box can achieve - the Brix Gaming UHD can output to a 4K display, but don't expect to play games at such lofty resolutions.
The combination of CPU and GPU isn't befitting a modern gaming PC that is likely to end up costing over £1,000 when fully configured, but Gigabyte is only too aware and tells us that a Pascal-based (i.e. GTX 10-series) successor is already in the works.
With that in mind, the current Brix Gaming UHD serves as a showcase as to what the form factor could achieve. The internal layout holds promise, with only one bottom-mounted fan pulling in air and pushing it up through the chassis and out the top. The obvious caveat is that fan noise is bothersome - the PC is clearly audible when idle, then even noisier when under load - and we wonder if a slightly roomier chassis with a larger, slow-spinning fan would make more sense.
Intrigued to see how the literally pint-sized system will fare in our benchmarks? Then turn the page.
The men of “Downton” (well, some of them): from left, Brendan Coyle as John Bates, Hugh Bonneville as Lord Grantham, Allen Leech as Tom Branson and Kevin Doyle as Joseph Molesley. The last season of the popular series begins airing Jan. 3. (Nick Briggs/Nick Briggs/Carnival Film & Television Limited 2015 for “Masterpiece”)
Secrets of “Downton Abbey” stars revealed!
Carson swears! Branson bolts Boston! Mrs. Hughes rocks sequined sneaks! Lord Grantham confesses to killing the hound! Dinner scenes detested! Molesley, footman of a thousand mopes and sighs, smiles!
Abbeyites, it's beginning to look a lot like Downton. The sixth and final season of the PBS “Masterpiece” juggernaut debuts Sunday to remedy post-holiday doldrums and agitate any latent Anglophilia that the 300th broadcast of “Love Actually” failed to excite.
A passel of Downton stars flew stateside to launch the beginning of the end of the wildly popular series, averaging almost 13 million besotted fans each week. The manor's newest sweethearts, Jim Carter (Carson the butler, blessed with owl-like eyebrows) and Phyllis Logan (housekeeper Mrs. Hughes) shared coffee at midtown Manhattan's swank Lambs Club restaurant.
In the Season 5 finale, which aired in March, Hughes accepted Carson's proposal with the immortal words, “Of course I'll marry you, you old booby. I thought you'd never ask.”
[‘Downton Abbey' recap: Catch up on last season's finale]
The old booby believes that this was his doing.
Series creator “Julian Fellowes would probably deny this, but I wrote a note to him at the end of Series One saying, ‘You do know Carson and Hughes are going to have to get married,' ” says Carter, 67. (In real life, he is married to Imelda Staunton, who played pink-suited Harry Potter tyrant Dolores Jane Umbridge.)
The romance “seemed quite evident early on, but it eked out at the pace of a glacier. Nice that downstairs got to have a love affair, especially an older pair,” Logan, 59, says. “Unlike American shows, where every character is told what their arc is, we are told nothing. We only know it when our script comes through the post. We're kept in the dark like mushrooms and fed . . .”
Logan starts to utter a very un-Hughesian term for fertilizer but stops herself. (Carter does not when dissing a rude fan.)
Fetching and sparkling down to her slip-on shoes, the Scottish actress says, “I think I would kill myself if I went about looking like Mrs. Hughes.” She dons a dour wig for the role, little makeup and, during the initial season, one vintage dress that disintegrated from constant wear. “I've had my day of being the young ingenue, the romantic young lead or whatever,” she says. “I'm a character actress nowadays. Bring it on, say I.”
Jim Carter and Phyllis Logan play the recently engaged Downton butler Carson and housekeeper Mrs. Hughes. (Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post)
The actors in costume for their roles. (Nick Briggs/Nick Briggs)
The pair is adored sweethearts in Britain, their fan base dubbed “Chelsies” for Charles (Carson's rarely spoken first name) and Elsie (Hughes).
[Phyllis Logan is nothing like her ‘Downton Abbey' character, Mrs. Hughes.]
Although their characters are proper and reserved, the actors have no trouble dissing or sharing. Many of them tired, as did viewers, of the perpetual misfortunes of the original star-crossed downstairs lovers, Anna and Bates. He's in prison. She's in prison. Now . . . oh, who cares?
To a person, the cast loathed the dinner scenes — hot lights, shuttered windows, stinking fish, endless close-ups and reaction shots, three days to shoot three pages of script to create three minutes of finished film.
“I will not miss them. They're horrendous,” says Allen Leech, 34, who plays Branson, the Irish former chauffeur who decamped to Boston but — spoiler alert! — returns this season to “Downton.”
Over a beer, Leech reveals that Matthew — rest in peace, dear Matthew — was supposed to marry Sybil — ditto, sylphlike Sybil — who instead married his character and brought him upstairs to live a life of tweeds and dinner jackets. Then she died of eclampsia after the birth of their child.
Allen Leech plays former chauffeur Branson, who unexpectedly married Lady Sybil and moved into the manor. (Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post)
Hugh Bonneville and Elizabeth McGovern are Downton owners Lord and Lady Grantham. (Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post)
“I had no idea I would marry her. I was literally hired to just come and drive Maggie Smith around,” Leech says. During the first season, he almost hit the entire crew before performing a hand-brake turn in a 1910 Renault worth $750,000.
As for the unfortunately named yellow Lab, Isis (after the Egyptian goddess), Hugh Bonneville, 52, who plays Lord Grantham, confesses, “I suggested killing off the dog. I was very fond of the dog, but in story terms, it was really quite old.” The series begins in 1912 and finishes in 1925.
Plus, it allowed Grantham to openly grieve in the way that only a British aristo can for a noble hound and not, for instance, for one daughter marrying the help or another having a child out of wedlock.
Elizabeth McGovern, 54, the principal cast's lone American, plays his wife, which permitted her to wear beautiful togs but do little else. “I would often feel, over the course of the years, this feeling of being strangled. I didn't have a voice as Cora,” says the actress, whose first notable professional role was in the 1980 film “Ordinary People.” “Nothing she said really mattered to anyone. She wasn't in control of her own destiny.”
Lady Grantham never speaks bluntly, like her mother-in-law or eldest daughter, Mary. McGovern's release from such propriety was her rock band, Sadie and the Hotheads, “a real tonic. My personal way of escaping.”
In Britain, most series run three years and, like “Downton,” for nine episodes each season. Six years is rare. Over time, long-running television shows tend to smooth rough edges, create romance where little smolders, and transform sworn adversaries into eternal besties.
“Downton” is no exception. Mrs. Crawley and the Dowager Countess, who exchanged zingers over class and manners, became friends. (Though nothing has stopped the countess, played by the formidable Smith, from delivering such priceless quips as “What is a weekend?” and “I have plenty of friends I don't like.” )
Even Thomas Barrow — nasty, duplicitous, blackmailing Thomas — did good turns last season. What's next? Squabbling sisters Lady Mary and Lady Edith growing to like each other?
Kevin Doyle plays often-morose footman Molesley, whose story has a “really lovely” ending, he promises. (Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post)
Kevin Doyle grows philosophical discussing his role as poor, put-upon Molesley. The character was initially written to appear in only a few episodes as butler to Matthew and Isobel Crawley.
“Not everyone can be happy,” Doyle, 55, says. “There's this fascination that people have for happy endings all the time. It doesn't always work out.” He arrived at the restaurant with takeout fruit salad, which seems so Molesley. (Bonneville feasted on pasta with crab.)
“Molesley and his parents knew that he had a brain. He wanted to use it, teach or something like that but, because of family circumstances, he couldn't,” the actor says. Molesley is his first servant. “I play a lot of dark characters,” says Doyle, who seems charming and sunny. “I'm normally cast as serial killers.”
Does Molesley learn to stop moping and have a happy ending? His story is “really lovely,” Doyle says, with an alluring smile. “It isn't what you expect. It was grand. I'm really pleased with him.”
The series occupied the cast's lives for six months of every one of the past six years, unlike anything they'd experienced before. But the actors appear relieved to be free from period costumes and three-day dinner scenes.
“I'm incredibly grateful that it's brought so much pleasure. And I'm quietly pleased that it's come in sort of the autumn of my career, rather than early on,” Carter says. “The kids, if it's the biggest thing they do, it could be a bit disorienting.”
Logan, his on-screen sweetheart and off-screen chum, laughs, “Oh, yes, it could be all downhill from here.”
Possibly, but what a hill.
If you call Mugshots.com at 1-800-810-3965, you'll end up talking to a customer service representative who is willing to take your photo down, "as long as the arrest isn't for a harsh or heinous crime."
The cost to take your mug shot down: between $178 and $399.
"We accept all major credit cards: Discover, American, Visa or MasterCard," the rep says.
That isn't supposed to be the case. Following a New York Times exposé earlier this month, MasterCard (MA), Visa (V) and Discover (DFS) promised to cut ties with such sites as Mugshots.com, BustedMugshots.com and JustMugshots.com.
The sites are doing what some have described as extortion: Mug shot websites can ruin people's online reputations by publishing arrest photos -- even if criminal charges were dropped -- and charging stiff fees to take them down.
But choking off their cash flow is proving elusive. Those credit card companies are still processing payments. Mug shot websites can still take your money.
Related story: Inside Silk Road's drug market prices
Of the four major credit card companies, only American Express (AXP) said it has completely cut off ties. Even though two of the mug shot websites said they still accept American Express, Amex spokeswoman Sanette Chao assured they wouldn't work.
"It's going to decline on our end," she said.
The other card companies weren't as direct. Discover said it was "still in the review process of terminating relationships."
MasterCard and Visa said they are working with the "acquiring banks" that the mug shot websites use to process credit card payments.
"We've asked them to investigate these merchants and take action if they are conducting commerce illegally," said Visa's spokeswoman, Rosetta Jones. "The investigation is still underway."
MasterCard spokesman James Issokson said, "We felt it was prudent to raise this issue to our acquiring banks to review the sites in question."
Those conversations may soon have an impact: Wells Fargo (WFC), the acquiring bank for at least one of the mug shot companies, told CNNMoney it has decided to stop processing payments for mug shot removal services. The reason payments are still going through is that Wells Fargo gives its business clients a 30-day warning before it terminates a relationship.
It's unclear how many mug shot websites Wells Fargo services -- the bank wouldn't say. It's also possible that the affected websites could find another bank to process payments for them.
Meanwhile, mug shot websites are still in business.
Related story: Breaking Bad Walter White's tighty whiteys go for $10,000
While mug shot websites could be useful for, say, tipping off parents that a babysitter was once accused of misconduct with children -- they also could hurt an innocent person's chances of getting a job or a bank loan.
The industry came under increased scrutiny last week, when the Times noted how these companies had figured out how to game Google, making it so that a person's arrest photo tops the list of search results.
Google (GOOG) immediately adjusted its algorithm, saying it had been working on the change for months. A company spokeswoman confirmed the shift had taken place by Oct. 8. That knocked the mug shots off the coveted first page of Google's search results.
A spokesman at Mugshots.com emailed a statement that said Google's algorithm tweak "protects and shields the sympathetic and the truly wicked alike at the expense of public safety and the ability to make meaningfully informed decisions by millions of Americans."
None of the four major sites -- Mugshots, BustedMugshots, MugshotsOnline or JustMugshots -- would say whether changes by Google or credit card companies had negatively impacted their enterprises yet.
Republican tax negotiators are targeting a corporate tax rate of 20 percent, according to two people familiar with the matter. That would be higher than President Donald Trump wants — setting up a key decision for the president on a top legislative priority.
Trump has called for cutting the corporate rate to 15 percent, down from the current 35 percent. The plan he'll see this week is also expected to recommend cutting the top individual tax rate to 35 percent, down from 39.6 percent, two people familiar with the matter said.
Trump and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin have said previously that they didn't want the tax plan to offer any tax cut to the highest earners — and that they'd balance a rate cut by eliminating deductions that the wealthy use to reduce their tax bills. Mnuchin said in November, weeks after Trump's election, that "there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class."
Reminded of that on Sunday, Mnuchin said: "It was never a promise and it was never a pledge." But he said again during an appearance on CNN's "State of the Union" that the tax plan that's coming this week will be "getting rid of lots of deductions."
"The current plan — for many, many people, it will not reduce taxes on the high end," Mnuchin said. He also said the plan will provide a middle-income tax cut and said it will create jobs.
Mnuchin didn't mention specific tax rates. Nor did Marc Short, the White House legislative affairs director, during an appearance on "Fox News Sunday."
"The president will have to sign off on that and he'll make his announcement on Wednesday," Short said.
Trump plans a trip to Indiana on Wednesday for a speech on tax issues, a person familiar with the planning said. The White House and congressional Republican leaders are preparing for a push in the next few months to pass tax legislation. The drive follows a series of defeats since Trump's inauguration, including their failure so far to repeal Obamacare. Cutting the corporate tax rate is one of Trump's core principles for an overhaul.
While members of Trump's own administration have suggested that Trump's position on the corporate rate might be subject to compromise, the president may yet resist a plan with a rate higher than 15 percent, one person familiar with the matter said.
The people asked not to be identified because details of the tax plan and Trump's schedule have not been publicly announced. Trump said Friday night during a campaign rally in Huntsville, Ala., that a tax plan would be released this week, and described it as "massive tax cuts."
The effect of such cuts on the $20 trillion federal debt remain to be seen. Last week, a pair of key Republican senators reached an agreement on the framework for a 2018 budget resolution that's expected to allow for a tax cut of $1.5 trillion over 10 years that would add to the deficit — before accounting for any growth or other economic effects of the cuts. Though proponents say tax cuts would stimulate growth to make up for the shortfall, a budget that allows for deficit-increasing tax cuts would depart from years of GOP support for balanced budgets.
Short said Sunday that Trump's administration "continues to be committed to making sure we're being fiscally responsible." While there may be a short-term decrease in revenue, he said, tax cuts would "provide growth that we think will bring in more revenue in the long term."
House Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional leaders have discussed a corporate tax rate in the low to mid-20s. Based on recent discussions, the GOP will probably aim for a rate in the range of 20 to 24 percent, said Ryan Ellis, a Republican tax lobbyist who previously worked as chief tax policy director for Grover Norquist's Americans for Tax Reform.
Ellis said he also expects the so-called "Big Six" negotiators to seek a top individual rate of 35 percent. The Big Six are Mnuchin, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and the chairmen of the congressional tax-writing committees.
Ellis also said he expects the framework will call for doubling the standard deduction claimed by many middle-class tax filers, and for repealing the estate tax, which applies only to estates worth more than $5.49 million.
It's unclear how detailed the framework will be -- or whether it will represent the unified approach that the president and GOP leaders have sought.
Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, a member of the Big Six, has said that he'll regard the document as a guide, but his panel won't be bound by it. Nor will his panel be a "rubber stamp" for any particular plan, Hatch said.
The Washington Post reported that Republicans were "targeting" a corporate rate of 20 percent, citing three unnamed people. But the plan remains fluid, those people told the paper. The news website Axios reported on Saturday that the Big Six had already agreed to a 20 percent rate.
House Republicans plan to hold a conference meeting Wednesday, and public information about the plan is expected shortly afterward.
Spokeswomen for Ryan and for House Ways and Means Committee chairman Kevin Brady declined to comment Saturday when asked about the reported details of the emerging plan.
Steven T. Dennis Ben Brody and Terrence Dopp contributed to this report.
Journalists are accusing The New York Times of publishing a bogus hit piece on former Texas Gov. Rick Perry Wednesday, with some going so far as to say the report is a made up pile of “garbage.”
New York Times reporters David Sanger and Coral Davenport claim in the story that Perry didn't know his position as energy secretary in the new administration would entail safeguarding the nuclear arsenal. Their report is based on one quote from a former Trump transition official — who has already told The Daily Caller his words were taken out of context — and ignores publicly available evidence refuting its claims.
“‘Learning Curve' as Rick Perry pursues a Job he Initially Misunderstood,” the headline reads, asserting Perry initially “believed” he was taking on a role as ambassador for the oil and gas industry, only to learn later he would be in charge of the nuclear arsenal. The out-of-context quote the story is based on doesn't appear until the fourth paragraph.
Perry explicitly mentioned “safeguarding the nuclear arsenal” in a statement accepting the nomination in December. “I look forward to engaging in a conversation about the development, stewardship and regulation of our energy resources, safeguarding our nuclear arsenal, and promoting an American energy policy that creates jobs and puts America first,” he said.
Journalists and writers quickly began ruthlessly pointing out the report's flaws after it was published, even as others were quick to heap praise and kudos on the reporters.
“A media story in four acts,” T. Becket Adams with The Washington Examiner tweeted. “1. Clickbait headline 2. Shocking lede 3. Bury bland, on record quote cited in headline in 4th graph 4. Narrative!”
Adams also tweeted out a photo of Perry's initial statement on the nomination for energy secretary, which explicitly mentions his role in safeguarding the nuclear arsenal. “You don't need the Times' source claiming his words were twisted to know the story is garbage,” he added in another tweet. “It's evident after one reading.”
“Hell of a lede in that New York Times Rick Perry Story!” a senior writer for “The Daily Show” tweeted. “When are they going to run the article that actually goes along with it?”
Adams added: “Pretty cool that this bogus NYT report came out on the eve of Perry's confirmation hearing. I'm sure that had nothing to do with the story.”
The Federalist's Mollie Hemingway went on a tweet storm regarding the story, and ended up compiling a list of recent examples of poor reporting that show “why no one trusts media coverage of Trump.”
“Speaking of stupid cheerleaders, many, many, many reporters fell for the NYT hit piece on Rick Perry,” she tweeted.
“I beg of each and every one of you: Please don't be stupid,” she said in another tweet. “If you're being stupid, stop being stupid. Thank you.”
Sanger and Davenport did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Send tips to rachel@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
LAST UPDATED @ 1:14PM (12.24.2015)
NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK ( The Nil Admirari ) - This morning, Fox News entertainers Bill O'Reilly and Megyn Kelly were detained by the New York City Police Department (NYPD) for stalking a black Santa Claus down Sixth Avenue and serenading him with the Christmas song "White Christmas." Fox News and the NYPD have both released statements declaring neither O'Reilly nor Kelly was arrested, though witnesses claimed Bill O'Reilly came close to being arrested for "pushing his luck" with the officers."You know, I don't get what the problem is. Kelly and I try to do a nice thing and spread the Christmas spirit around, and this black Santa calls the police," protested Bill O'Reilly, who ignored Fox News CEO Roger Ailes' directive not to speak about the early-morning incident.O'Reilly continued, "Maybe that pinhead black guy is a little too sensitive and shouldn't be dressing as Santa Claus if he can't deal with the Christmas cheer from people like me who love Christmas. I mean, I only pushed him a few times while singing 'White Christmas.'"Megyn Kelly also considered herself to be a victim in the incident, and stated, "The liberals in this city are ruining Christmas when I cannot sing "White Christmas" while kicking and punching a black Santa Claus. Santa is just white. He just is. Historical fact."Fox News jumped to defend its popular entertainment personalities, and blamed the black Santa Claus "for offending the deeply held racist beliefs of O'Reilly and Kelly" by not allowing them to harass him with impunity.TNA learned Bill O'Reilly left work early today to begin preparing chicken croquettes and instant mashed potatoes for a Christmas Eve dinner his daughter would likely not show for.
Against season-long odds, coach Chuck Pagano is staying with the Indianapolis Colts on a new deal.
The team announced Monday night that Pagano has agreed to a four-year contract extension after a trying season featuring well-documented in-fighting with general manager Ryan Grigson and persistent "hot seat" reports emanating from Indiana.
The surprise is not only that Pagano survived, but also that there was no clear victor in the power struggle.
The team confirmed Grigson will also return in the same capacity after a lengthy meeting throughout the day on Monday. Colts owner Jim Irsay added in Monday's press conference that Pagano pushed to have Grigson get an extension. The two are now "contractually tied" together, as Irsay put it. Although the relationship between Grigson and Pagano was described as toxic as various times during the season, Rapoport was told that it was closer to two passionate professionals with mutual respect.
"It wasn't fan pressure, player pressure," Irsay said on his reasoning for bringing back Pagano. "It was that Chuck's won 44 games in the last four years."
Pagano carried momentum into Irsay's office after winning the final two games with a revolving door of quarterbacks featuring street free agents Josh Freeman and Ryan Lindley in the season finale.
"Chuck is a fighter," one source explained to Rapoport.
That much is indisputable.
"When I spent 26 days in the hospital (during 2012 cancer treatment), that was tough. That was tough. This is nothing," an embattled Pagano declared last month. "... They can't eat you. They can fire you but they can't eat you."
Pagano vowed to go in and fight for his job, armed with allies in the coaching community, the support of the locker room and the leverage of other organizations prepared to vie for the services of a coach with an impressive 41-23 record over the past four years.
It's certainly possible that Irsay was also swayed by Sunday's impassioned post-game speech which personified the leadership of an ideal head coach.
"I wouldn't trade this season for nothing," Pagano raved. "And we've had some good ones ... but this one, you are going to look back on this one and say, 'all the adversity, all the obstacles and you never quit. You fight, you fight, you fight -- because of the grit, because of the character, because of the men and the leaders in this locker room right now.'
"6-3, 5-3 with a 40-year-old (Matt Hasselbeck). A guy that comes in, a country western star with a bad hammy (Charlie Whitehurst). He tried to tap out but couldn't. He couldn't, because he loves his teammates. ... We told you that we would get those guys ready in three days. The Coney Island Thrasher (Josh Freeman)! He served soft-serve ice cream at halftime and goes out and still wins football games. ... Guys I've never been more proud because there are a bunch of teams who -- a long, long time ago in the season -- would have mailed it in. ... And I thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for fighting."
This was fully expected to be the most coveted job of the offseason, allowing the next coach to build around Andrew Luck. Now that Pagano and Grigson have put their differences aside, their next task is to finally succeed in constructing an offensive line capable of protecting the face of the franchise.
After decades of hype and headlines, quantum computers are finally poised to demonstrate their superiority over conventional machines.
Precisely when this will happen is a bit fuzzy, though. What's more, it will be a while yet before these magical machines will have any noticeable impact on our lives.
The point at which a quantum machine should be able to perform computations too complex to model on any conventional machine, a landmark known as “quantum supremacy,” is believed to be about 49 qubits, the quantum equivalent of the bits that represent 1 or 0 in a conventional computer.
Google's researchers appear to be leading in the race for a 49-qubit machine (see “Google's New Chip Is a Stepping Stone to Quantum Computing Supremacy”). Earlier this week, however, researchers at IBM's quantum research lab in Yorktown Heights, New York, demonstrated that it is possible to model the behavior of a quantum computer beyond the 49-qubit landmark by harnessing several clever mathematical techniques. IBM is also allowing programmers to experiment with its quantum computers through a cloud platform called IBM Q.
Two IBM quantum computing scientists, Hanhee Paik (left) and Sarah Sheldon, examine one of the company's machines. IBM
“We don't think there will be a single landmark or metric to gauge the capability of a quantum computer,” says Bob Wisnieff, a researcher at IBM who's involved with the new simulation work. “We are actively looking at methods that show quantum machines have an advantage over classical systems.
A quantum computer will need significantly more than 49 qubits in order to be useful. The best measure will be tackling real problems, and it remains unclear when that will become possible, though momentum is building.
Sign up for The Download Your daily dose of what's up in emerging technology
To surpass what conventional computers can achieve by processing information in the form of conventional bits, quantum computers exploit the counterintuitive, probabilistic nature of physics at the atomic and subatomic scale. By harnessing superposition and entanglement—concepts that baffled and annoyed Einstein—these machines can compute in a fundamentally different way, carrying out immensely complex calculations at speeds that would otherwise be inconceivable (see “10 Breakthrough Technologies 2017: Practical Quantum Computers”).
Despite the back-and-forth over the measure of a quantum computer's capacity, the consensus among experts is that reaching 49 qubits would still be a significant step. “Any system with lots of qubits is worthwhile, because to get to 1,000 or 1,000,000 qubits we need to deal with 100 first,” says Christopher Monroe, a professor at the University of Maryland who studies quantum information theory. Simulating quantum components plays an important role in driving progress toward more complex systems, as it isn't always practical to test the behavior of a design using real hardware.
Both Google and IBM are developing their machines using superconducting circuits cooled to extreme temperatures. IBM has announced a 16-qubit machine, and Google is widely believed to have a 22-qubit machine, although the company has yet to officially confirm this.
IBM's 16-qubit chip.
As they race to build the first practical quantum computers, those involved are also hustling to develop the software tools that will make these machines useful. In addition to IBM's cloud platform, this week Google and a California-based startup called Rigetti Computing announced software for converting chemical simulations into a form that a quantum computer can handle. This new software, called OpenFermion, is freely available and designed to work with other quantum computers, including IBM's.
Chemistry and materials science are the first target for quantum computing because the technology could offer a way to model the interactions of atoms at completely new levels of complexity (see “Chemists Are First in Line to Benefit from Quantum Computing”).
Related Story 50 Smartest Companies 2017 Our editors pick the 50 companies that best combine innovative technology with an effective business model.
Monroe says efforts like IBM Q and OpenFermion will prove crucial in opening up potential applications of the technology as it scales up.
“I believe in the next five to 10 years we will have 100-plus-qubit machines that will be available to anyone, and this will be when useful applications will be found,” Monroe says. “My guess is that useful quantum applications will only be found once we build quantum machines that can be used by people who know about difficult problems in logistics, economic markets, pattern recognition, and modeling of materials.”
Interest is growing in whether quantum computers could also be useful for machine learning, although Andrew Childs, another professor at the University of Maryland, says this remains an open challenge. “There's indeed a lot of buzz about quantum machine learning,” he says. “I think this area is very interesting, but its promise is far from clear.”
Scott Aaronson, a professor at the University of Texas at Austin and the head of its Quantum Information Center, said in a recent blog post that IBM's paper on quantum supremacy did not diminish the importance of Google's quantum supremacy goal.
Speaking via e-mail to MIT Technology Review, Aaronson also warned that the milestone will no doubt attract considerable hype. “Of course there's a risk that quantum supremacy stuff will be overhyped and misunderstood,” he wrote. “In this field, what hasn't been?”
With his new budget, the Wisconsin governor has angered his party's right, spelling trouble for a man who appears eager to run for president in 2016.
Douglas Graham / CQ Roll Call / Getty Images Governor of Wisconsin, Scott Walker, during the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference at the Gaylord National Resort & Conference Center at National Harbor, Md., March 16, 2013
Scott Walker has come a long way from the days when he was forced to barricade himself in the Wisconsin governor's office while demonstrators stormed the Capitol Rotunda in Madison to protest his bill slashing state spending and dismantling public employee unions.
Two years and one recall election later, Walker enacted his second budget with little fanfare late last month. Although no Democrats voted for the bill, its provisions largely steer clear of the aggressive spending cuts and right-wing flashpoints that characterized Walker's 2011 emergency budget repair measures. Instead, the two-year, $68 billion budget actually increases spending and borrowing, while cutting income taxes by $651 million.
The budget is a political gamble for Walker, who has said he is open to a 2016 presidential bid and kicked up a cloud of coverage when he visited Iowa, home to the first vote in the national campaign, earlier this spring. The decision to cut taxes, while also increasing borrowing and spending, is likely to play well with Wisconsin voters. But the move threatens Walker's reputation as a hard-line fiscal conservative by introducing structural imbalances back into the state's books.
(MORE: Uncompromised: Why Scott Walker Survived His Recall)
In the years since his budget showdown in Madison, the 45-year-old governor has become a folk hero to the right. Walker's willingness to take on labor unions and strong-arm Wisconsin's fiscal house back into order earned him powerful and generous Republican backers, like billionaires Charles and David Koch, and a Fox News following.
In 2012, after a landslide victory in his June recall election, Walker became a top surrogate for Mitt Romney's campaign, in part because of his ability to appeal to the party's base where the former Massachusetts governor struggled. Although Walker currently trails behind other 2016 Republican presidential contenders — his name wasn't even included in Public Policy Polling's survey of Iowa voters last week —Republican insiders say Walker's reputation for “getting things done” makes him a viable dark horse candidate for the GOP nomination in 2016.
But should Wisconsin's new budget send the state back into fiscal limbo, Walker could risk losing the good will he has built up among his party's right wing.
“I'm somewhat puzzled that this administration would spend so much political capital to bring the state back to even-keel economically, and then turn around and move back in the direction that we had gone for the previous 10 years, when the budget was barely balanced,” said Todd Berry, executive director of the Wisconsin Taxpayers Alliance, a conservative-leaning public policy think tank based in Madison.
Berry notes that while Walker's budget was “difficult and controversial,” it produced a budget surplus of about $420 million. By contrast, the new budget draws down on that surplus, and relies on the state's volatile economic recovery to keep Wisconsin in the black.
A spokesman for Walker did not return a request for comment. The governor has boasted that his budget increases investment in workforce training and infrastructure as well as adding to K-12 education spending to expand Wisconsin's taxpayer-funded private schools.
(MORE: In Wisconsin's Recall, a Tale of Two Parties)
But Walker's shift away from a more austere spending plan has raised alarm among Tea Party conservatives and other fiscal hawks, who tend to be more concerned with government spending than tax cuts.
“It's not a conservative budget at all — it increases the size of government, and spends 6.2 percent more than what was authorized in the last budget,” said Todd Welch, the Wisconsin field organizer for the right-leaning, libertarian group Campaign For Liberty.
“There's been more and more disappointment with Governor Walker within the Tea Party,” Welch added. “Republicans are really fed up with people who say one thing when they campaign and another thing once they are in office.”
This conservative dissatisfaction could create problems for Walker, who lacks the name recognition of fellow Republicans like Rand Paul and Chris Christie, should he decide to pursue a presidential bid in 2016. Its a run that would benefit greatly from the favor of those activists most alarmed by his budget plan. Even in his home state, Walker ranked third behind fellow Wisconsinite Paul Ryan and Marco Rubio in a recent Marquette Law School poll of the Republican presidential field. In a June NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, Walker came in last among a field of seven possible Republican candidates, with a 19 percent favorable rating among conservative voters.
Walker's defenders dismiss claims that the governor has shifted away from his principles and suggest that conservatives might be willing to look past any queasiness over his budget.
“I think he touched a lot of conservative bases that people are not giving him credit for,” said Bill McCoshen, a Wisconsin-based political strategist and former adviser to Republican Governor Tommy Thompson. “School choice, tax cuts, rejecting Obamacare funding — all of those things are going to be very appealing to a national conservative audience.”
MORE: With Money and Momentum, Scott Walker Gains Ground in Wisconsin Recall Campaign
If there's anything more frustrating than putting together IKEA furniture, it's probably playing a video game about putting together IKEA furniture.
A new video game called Höme Improvisåtion does just that, placing an endless supply of flat boxes in front of you with the goal of putting together pieces of furniture for your virtual home.
To more realistically simulate the build experience, Höme Improvisåtion can be played by up to four people at once so your friends and family can yell at you for screwing up the virtual furniture like they do every time you screw up the real stuff. And if your experience with IKEA furniture is anything like mine, that is nearly all the time.
The game, free on both Mac and Windows PCs, was developed by a team of four people in 48 hours -- Aj Kolenc, Jessica Jackson, Colton Spross, and Josh Faubel -- as part of the 2015 Global Game Jam in Atlanta earlier this month. You can download the game from the team's website, The Stork Burnt Down.
I played the Höme Improvisåtion game for just a few minutes and got so frustrated that I closed it and vowed never to build virtual IKEA furniture ever again. Yep, just like in real life.
Video screenshot by Anthony Domanico/CNET
(Via Fast Company)
I may be the only politician in America who smokes pot ... and is willing to admit it.
In my campaign to become Governor of New York State, I'm putting all my eggs in one basket.
I am not only challenging New York's powerful sitting Governor, Andrew Cuomo, for the Democratic nomination in the upcoming September 9 primary. I am also betting that my major campaign promise -- to legalize marijuana in New York State is the wedge issue that will sweep me to victory.
I'm no armchair activist -- I've been arrested numerous times fighting for drug-law reform.
To call attention to unjust marijuana laws, I've staged protests, marches, sit-ins, even smoke-ins. In fact, I've publicly smoked pot on the steps of the New York State Capitol building in Albany, right above the Governor's office, and blown marijuana smoke rings directly in the faces of legislators and reporters.
Of course, the real crime is not smoking pot. It's arresting people for smoking pot. And the ones most often arrested are Blacks and Latinos, even though Whites smoke as much or more pot than they do. So the law is not only stupid, it's racist.
Can I really defeat a powerful governor like Cuomo by promising to legalize pot?
Two months ago, probably not. But things have changed suddenly, and radically. Yes, Cuomo has an enormous $50 million campaign chest, thanks to hefty contributions from too-big-to-fail banks and Wall Street power players like Goldman Sachs, plus equally hefty cash infusions from the real estate industry, pharmaceutical corporations, and the prison-industrial complex. (Even the right-wing Koch Brothers have given him nearly $90,000.)
By comparison, my campaign chest is nearly always empty. But right now, I think I've made up in luck what I lack in lucre.
That's because two startling events -- totally unrelated -- have suddenly combined and reinforced each other in a way that has gripped the public's attention, and may well catapult me into the governor's mansion.
1. The first event concerns my promise to legalize marijuana. Until recently, even my own supporters feared that this promise would cost me more votes than it gained. But a few weeks ago, a 9-year-old girl in New York died because the State did not have a medical marijuana law that would have allowed her to legally access the cannabis she needed to control her debilitating seizures, and save her life, as it had been saving the lives of children with similar conditions in other states, which did have medical marijuana laws.
Cuomo had blocked passage of a medical marijuana bill for years, so the girl's highly publicized death severely damaged his public image, and made him the target of a huge backlash of unfavorable public sentiment, fanned by extended press and TV coverage.
Ironically, New York lawmakers had, under severe public pressure, finally enacted a medical marijuana bill just two months ago. But it will not take effect for another year and a half - too late to have saved the life of the 9-year-old girl, and also too late for two other children who have since died because they could not get the medical marijuana that might have saved their lives.
However, negative publicity over medical marijuana deaths was only part of Cuomo's problem. More trouble was on the way. For shortly after the death of the 9-year-old girl, the New York Times, of all places, ran a startling and historically target unprecedented target week-long series of editorial articles calling for (take a deep breath) immediate legalization of marijuana.
The New York Times editorials were an unexpected blockbuster -- and a game changer -- not only for my campaign but for pro-marijuana forces all over the country. The editorials further tarnished Governor Cuomo's public image while at the same time burnishing my own. In fact, many New Yorkers now regard me as something of a hero, for daring to espouse what had once been unthinkable, but has now become almost a holy crusade.
If New York State legalizes pot, it's 'game over' for the entire country.
The legalization of pot seems to be following the same kind of trajectory as the legalization of same-sex marriage. Liberalization has been taking place slowly, on a state by state basis. But if New York goes pro-pot - as it will if I become Governor -- many more states may be expected to quickly follow, like falling dominoes.
I said there were two "startling and unprecedented events" that could damage Andrew Cuomo and put me in the Governor's seat.
Here is the second.
2. Last summer, after Albany was rocked by what the New York Times called "a seemingly endless barrage of scandals and arrests," Governor Cuomo empowered a high-level investigative body (called a Moreland Commission) to uncover and put an end to corruption in New York State politics.
The commission, Cuomo promised, would be "totally independent."
"Anything they want to look at, they can look at," he said. "Me, the lieutenant governor, the attorney general, the comptroller, any senator, any assemblyman."
Everyone cheered -- the media, the public, Republican legislators, and members of his own party. But when the trail of corruption followed by investigators seemed to lead to Cuomo, he secretly attempted to derail the investigation, then abruptly terminated the commission altogether. The cheers soon turned to jeers, then to outrage. And members of Cuomo's own party began rushing for the doors, scurrying away from him as fast as possible to escape the unfavorable fallout.
Disbanding the Moreland Commission became such a hot issue that the Times launched a 3-month investigation of its own, which resulted in a searing front-page article on July 23 that is still causing shock-waves. The Times found that:
"the governor's office deeply compromised the panel's work, objecting whenever the commission focused on groups with ties to Mr. Cuomo or on issues that might reflect poorly on him."
"[N]ow," continued the article, "as the Democratic governor seeks a second term in November, federal prosecutors are investigating the roles of Mr. Cuomo and his aides in the panel's shutdown and are pursuing its unfinished business."
And in a separate editorial on the same day, the Times drove a final nail into Cuomo's public image by adding:
"As indictments and embarrassments continue (26 at latest count since 1999), New Yorkers will have to decide if their representatives are politicians they can trust, including Mr. Cuomo."
Thanks to the Times revelations, Cuomo is now the focus of a federal investigation by Preet Bharara, United States attorney for the Southern District of New York. This means that, in addition to getting a public relations black eye, Cuomo may also be charged with obstruction of justice, a very serious charge that could put him behind bars.
But whether or not Como is indicted -- let alone jailed -- fallout from this scandal has made him radioactive, and possibly un-electable as well. Which puts the Democratic Party in a difficult position. But its puts me in a very good one.
That's because I am now the only legally registered challenger to Cuomo on the Democratic ballot in the September 9 primary. (One other challenger is on the ballot, by may soon be removed for reasons of technical ineligibility.) That leaves me as the only credible (i.e., electable) Democratic candidate in the general election.
But -- can I actually win the general election against a Republican opponent?
Absolutely. In New York State, Democrats outnumber Republicans by 2 to 1. And in New York City (where half the state's voters reside) they outnumber Republicans 7 to 1. Whoever gets the Democratic nomination will almost certainly be the next governor. Which looks, more and more, like lucky me.
But New Yorkers, too, will be lucky if I become governor. As the most progressive candidate for governor since FDR, I am promising a lot more than just legalizing pot. For example, I intend to:
■ decriminalize marijuana
■ raise the minimum wage to $15
■ impose a 1% sales tax on Wall Street
■ close tax loopholes for the super rich
■ put criminal bankers in jail
■ strengthen rent control and tenant rights
■ protect small businesses from lease-gouging
■ support public schools and teachers
■ eliminate police brutality
■ end stop and frisk
■ give clemency to non-violent offenders
■ return local control to cities
■ cut bus and subway fares in half
■ cut bridge and tunnel tolls in half
■ offer amnesty to immigrants and their children
■ provide free college for New Yorkers (as we used to do)
■ provide free health care for New Yorkers (as we ought to do)
■ ban fracking anywhere in New York State
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Stephen Curry looks tired. His shoulders slump a bit, and he leans back in toward his locker, and his voice barely rises above a whisper. He looks like a boxer who has gone 10 rounds. Only this is before the basketball game. And he is not tired. He is conserving. This is how you make it through a long and draining NBA season. You recharge when there are a few spare moments. You save what you can save, when you can save it.
There is a reality gap in the NBA, a gap perhaps larger than in any other sport. Basketball is a fun game to play. Little kids play it on the playground when they heave the ball to the basket with all their might. Middle school kids play it in their driveways, bouncing basketballs over pebbles and ice, shooting with their gloves on. High school kids play it in the gymnasium during PE. College kids play it in front of raucous crowds and leaping cheerleaders and pep bands. Adults play it in YMCAs, weekly games, one guy everyone calls Gunner because he never passes, another who wears goggles like he's Kurt Rambis, another who wears knee braces on both legs and is just one mistimed cut away from blowing out his Achilles. Again.
But NBA basketball is not a game, not like that. It's a job. It's night after night, 20-foot jumper after 18-foot jumper, hard pick after hard pick, baseline turnaround after baseline turnaround -- deafening music pounding and dance team dancers shaking and halftime acts jumping off trampolines and people dressed as animals or characters shooting T-shirts into the crowd -- and it's back to the 20-foot jumper, fight through another pick, back down another big man. This is not to say it isn't fun. Maybe it is fun. But fun isn't at the heart of things. Fun isn't Cleveland tonight, Milwaukee tomorrow, New Orleans on Tuesday. Fun isn't that constant pounding beat of a long NBA season. No, winning is at the heart of things. Execution is at the heart of things. Defense is at the heart of things.
And then, get on a plane, go to the next town, and make 20-foot jumpers all over again.
* * *
Related Articles From Reviled To Revered Not everybody has forgiven LeBron James for how he left Cleveland. But from the MVP to a championship to Olympic… More» Steph Curry is the most fun basketball player that I have ever gotten the chance to watch live. I have heard stories about how much fun Pistol Pete was in his day, how much fun Ernie DiGregorio was when he was firing 40-foot behind-the-back passes, how much fun Calvin Murphy was when he was scoring a bajillion points at Niagara. I've heard lots of stories. I've been lucky enough to see a lot of fun players through the years.
But there was something utterly and uniquely joyous about Steph Curry at Davidson. It was the junction of so many wonderful things. Davidson is such a cool place. The team was such a cool team. Curry had been thoroughly overlooked as a prospect -- the underdog thing was strong in him -- even though his father, Dell, was a scoring machine in college and the NBA, and the son shared the same shot as his father. He LOOKED smaller than everyone else out there, even if he wasn't (he's 6-foot-3). He looked thinner than everyone else out there, too, even if he wasn't (one defender calls him "wiry strong"). He played with this bounciness, this happiness. Being able to express joy through your play … that's something you're born with, I think. Tim Duncan might be having the time of his life out there, but, MAN, does he look miserable when he's playing. Steph Curry always looked like he was having the time of his life.
There's something else: Ten times a game you'd see Curry do something and wonder, "Now, how did he do that?" It was like a magic show. I mean, we all know how amazing LeBron James is, but how often does he SURPRISE you? Every now and again, maybe, he will chase down a guy on a breakaway and block his shot or drive into the lane and finish some improbable three-point play, but generally when LeBron is on the court you figure anything's possible.
But Curry was different. He'd have the ball, the defender would be all over him, and then suddenly the ball was in the air and it was swishing through the hoop. And you'd think: "How did he even get that shot off?" You'd see teams double-team him, think there was no way he could even get the ball, much less get it, find the basket and score. But then somehow he'd get an inch of space, gettheballandshootitinonemotion, and the ball would go through. It helped that he had the quickest release I ever saw. It helped that he had this astonishing level of confidence and verve.
And it helped that he had this amazing energy level -- not just in how he much he moved but in how locked in he was for entire games. He was the star, the player everyone watched, the player everyone concentrated on, and that can wear you down mentally, physically, emotionally… every way. But he didn't wear down. He just kept playing at this wonderful -- almost miraculous -- level of joy.
And when he went to the NBA, I wondered: "What will become of Steph Curry?"
"It's different here, no question," Curry says. "You have to find energy wherever you can find it."
* * *
Steph Curry is having a wonderful season. He's averaging 19.9 points and 6.3 assists -- both career highs -- for a Golden State team that is playing shockingly good basketball. I mean shockingly good. The Warriors have made the playoffs once in the last 19 years. I'll repeat that: The Warriors have made the playoffs once in the last 19 years. As I write these words, they are 17-9 -- those 17 victories are only six fewer than they had all of last year and as many as they had in their dreadful 2000-2001 season, when Marc Jackson (not current coach Mark Jackson) was the pseudo-starting center, and 22 different players got on the floor over the season. Stephen Curry is probably the biggest reason for this surprising turn.
But it isn't because he's the miraculous and brilliant little player he was at Davidson. No, that was a different game. Stephen Curry came into the NBA ready to score. First season, right off, he attempted 380 three-pointers, averaged 17.5 points a game, and made enough good passes to open eyes around the league. He was first-team All-Rookie, along with Tyreke Evans and Brandon Jennings and all that. He understood the NBA game, having grown up around it -- that's part of what separated him in college -- and the next year he averaged 18.6 points a game while shooting a league-leading 93.4 from the free-throw line.
But there was something missing. He felt it. That amazing energy level of college … well, he didn't feel that every night in the NBA. There were so many games. His wiry strength wasn't quite enough to keep up with the pounding. He would get down on himself and express frustration on the court. He was named a co-captain, but the title doesn't make the leader. Then, in the 2011-2012 season, he struggled with a painful and unstable ankle all season … it made the whole season utterly miserable.
"I thought about a lot of things in the off-season," he says. He had some cleanup surgery done on his ankle. Mark Jackson talked with him about this being his team and about how great he could be as the leader, the guy who gets the ball in the hand of the hot teammate, the guy who takes over games when the moment's right, the guy who is mentally strong enough, night after night, to overcome the slog, the physical punishment and the frustrations.
And, already this season, there have been numerous examples of Curry taking all that to heart. The ankle has held up, and everyone talks about a game against Dallas in November when he turned on his ankle and was having a cold shooting night then went on a scoring spree, almost singlehandedly pushed the game into overtime, and kept scoring in leading Golden State to victory. Or the 20-point, 10-assist game he had against Denver in leading Golden State to victory despite trailing by 15 midway through the third quarter. Or a punch-in-the-gut four-point play he had against Brooklyn.
"I wouldn't say my confidence was down before," Curry says. "But it was hard. This is a tough league. … In college, you can kind of circle a game on the calendar. Coaches tell you that you shouldn't, but we did anyway. And tournament time, that's just two weeks, and you're ready for it.
"But here, you have to get up all the time. You have to find different ways to get your energy level up. Everything is about getting that little extra edge, that little bit of energy that separates you from the other guy."
* * *
Well, sure, it's different. The NBA game moves at a different pace. The enthusiasm emerges in different ways. There's no pep band, put it that way. And the eyes don't naturally follow him like they did at Davidson -- not with so many other gifted players on the floor. He's not just the free-wheeling scorer he was in his sophomore year at Davidson, when he captured the nation's imagination and prompted LeBron James to sit courtside and watch. He's working steadily on his whole game -- the ball-handling, the distribution, the defense.
"He can be an elite defender in this league," Mark Jackson says, and it's those kinds of quotes that spur a flurry of stories about how much Golden State has improved defensively. The Warriors are allowing fewer than 100 points per game for the first time since the 2005-2006 season.
But Jackson is quick to say this: If he is given the choice between a guy who can score and a guy who can defend, he will ALWAYS take the scorer. "That's the unique skill in our game," he says. Jackson says he will find a way to get enough defense through pacing and help and various other tricks you learn being around basketball at the highest level. In other words, he wants Curry to grow in all these other ways, absolutely, but he doesn't want Curry to lose that thing that makes him special, that thing that made him brilliant in the first place.
Curry hasn't lost that thing. I watch him often, and he remains great fun to watch play. But it's more subtle now. His release -- still breathtakingly quick -- beats even the best defenders' hands into the air. He still has the quickest catch-and-shoot around. He can go on these amazing shooting rolls where he makes four or five in a row from all over the court, no matter who is covering him … but that's rare. The experience of watching Steph Curry now is a more muted thing -- a great pass here, a brilliant shot there, a wonderful bit of anticipation on the defensive side.
I remember back in 2008, watching Steph Curry in an NCAA tournament game pour in 33 against a Wisconsin team nationally renowned for its defense. It was amazing. Michael Flowers -- one of the best defenders in college basketball -- chased Curry all over the floor, especially early in the game, but Curry knew sooner or later that Flowers' spirit would be broken. After the game, Curry said: "It's hard for a defense to sustain itself … eventually you'll find yourself open."
I ask Curry if that's true in the NBA.
"It's a lot harder, obviously," Curry said, and then he flashed that smile. "But yeah. Eventually."
Very soon you will be able to go to the airport and not cower at having a Homeland Security cop rummage around your private parts or command you to be filmed for any trace association with terrorism.
Instead, according to website Gizmodo, “within the next year or two, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security will instantly know everything about your body, clothes and luggage with a new laser-based molecular scanner fired from 164 feet (50 meters) away.
“From traces of drugs or gun powder on your clothes to what you had for breakfast to the adrenaline level in your body – agents will be able to get any information they want without even touching you” (“Hidden Government Scanners Will Instantly Know Everything About You From 164 Feet Away,” gizmodo.com, July 10).
The Picosecond Programmable Laser, says a local CBS report, “works by blasting its target with lasers which vibrate molecules that are then read by the machine that determine(s) what substances a person has been exposed to. This could be (anything from) Semtex explosives to the bacon and egg sandwich they had for breakfast that morning” (“New Homeland Security Laser Scanner Reads People at Molecular Level,” washington.cbslocal.com, July 11).
All this and more from 164 feet away.
And dig this: The laser's original inventor, Genia Photonics, formed a partnership in 2011 with In-Q-Tel, a partnership chartered by the CIA and Congress!
Citing In-Q-Tel's website, CBS D.C. reports that the company is to act as “a bridge between the Agency and a new set of technology innovators.”
Although ignored by the CIA, our rule of law forbids the agency from spying domestically on us. Congress ignores this rule of law as well, but it is forbidden to do so.
There has been no objection to this further invasion of our bodily privacy by President Barack Obama. And is there any sign that President Mitt Romney would likely overrule his royal predecessor?
Even though CBS D.C. says that “the technology could be used by ‘Big Brother,'” it adds that the laser's inventor says “the device could be far more beneficial being used for medical purposes to check for cancer in real time, lipids detection and patient monitoring.”
Could those patients' lives be saved without the CIA and Congress going along to use this technology to break the law? If anybody in Congress has seriously raised this point, I'd sure like to hear about it.
Meanwhile, I am encouraged by another recent story that shows we have knowledgeable inventors creating technologies that protect our Constitution against the lawless CIA's government colleagues. On July 3, the day before some of us meaningfully celebrated Independence Day, a local CBS report declared: “ACLU-NJ Launches Smartphone App That Lets Users Secretly Record Police Stops” (newyork.cbslocal.com, July 3).
Why record in secret? Because if a citizen openly records a cop's particularly brutish stop-and-frisk or other unvarnished invasion of the Fourth Amendment, that person is very likely to be arrested in some states.
“There's really only three buttons (on the Police Tape app) that the user needs to deal with,” says Alexander Shalom of the American Civil Liberties Union's New Jersey office. “There's a know your rights button that educates the citizen about their rights when encountering police on the street, in a car, in their home or when they're going to be placed under arrest, and there's a button to record audio and a button to record video.”
Adds CBS New York: “The app lets users record audio and video discreetly with a stealth mode that hides the fact that the recording is happening.”
The ACLU-NJ's Shalom challenges us: “You can think back to when Rodney King was beaten at the hands of the LAPD. For years, we've watched the police on video and that's led to reforms and police accountability, but now that cellphones and smartphones are becoming more ubiquitous, people have this ability to videotape.
“It really is a cutting-edge tool to ensure accountability in the 21st century.”
Imagine that! Citizens are using furtive methods to maintain their constitutional rights by proving that police are dismembering these freedoms!
Do you believe that Thomas Jefferson would hesitate for a minute to use this technology?
According to the ACLU-NJ's website, Android users can now download the Police Tape app, which will be available to iPhone users sometime this summer.
It's time for the national ACLU to get the word out to all its affiliates and make sure smartphone users can get this app!
In June, the ACLU's New York affiliate released a somewhat different app called Stop-and-Frisk Watch. I'll continue to inform you about the future of the ACLU-NJ Police Tape app and other such developments around the country.
And we should all bear in mind, Alexander Shalom tells The (N.J.) Star-Ledger, that “police often videotape civilians and civilians have a constitutionally protected right to videotape police.
“When people know they're being watched, they tend to behave well” (“N.J. ACLU unveils ‘stealth' app allowing citizens to secretly record police,” Eunice Lee, nj.com, July 3).
So do cops. So do presidents. This landmark return of our president, Congress, state and local police to our rule of law will continue here next week.
Dybala back in full training tomorrow
By Football Italia staff
Paulo Dybala is expected to return to full training with Juventus tomorrow, so he'll be available to face Barcelona.
The Argentinian international went off with an ankle injury against Pescara, following a strong challenge by Sulley Muntari.
La Joya spent today's training session working apart from the group, receiving treatment on the injury at Vinovo.
However, TuttoJuve believes that he will return to full training tomorrow, meaning he'll be ready to face Barça on Wednesday.
Dybala scored twice in 3-0 first leg win which has put the Bianconeri in a commanding position in their Champions League Quarter-Final, but Barça overturned a 4-0 deficit against Paris Saint-Germain in the Last 16.
Juve will train tomorrow morning at Vinovo, before flying out to Barcelona in the afternoon.
Dani Alves will face the media alongside Massimiliano Allegri in the pre-match Press conference at 18.30 local time.
Twitter's blue tick 'Verified Account' badge is a recognition that many people strive for.
But it appears that not even Twitter knows what Verification on the site means.
Internal emails between several big names at Twitter, including general counsel, Vijaya Gadde, have been leaked online, and show that they all have conflicting ideas of what verification means.
Scroll down for video
Twitter's blue tick 'Verified Account' badge is a recognition that many people strive for. But it appears that not even Twitter knows what Verification on the site means
HOW TO APPLY TO GET VERIFIED In order to complete the form, users must have specific information already listed: A verified phone number, a confirmed email address, bio, profile photo, header photo, birthday (for accounts that are not company, brand, or organization accounts), website and Tweets set as public in Tweet privacy settings. Once you've made it past step one, Twitter will ask you a few questions about why your account should be verified and may even ask for a scanned copy of a government issued identification card. If the account represents a person, Twitter wants to understand their impact in their field. If it represents a corporation or company, they want to know about their mission. Twitter will respond to request via email and if it is denied the firm will let users submit another form for the same account 30 days after following the rejection notice.
The internal emails were obtained and leaked by BuzzFeed News this week.
In the emails, several senior executives discuss Milo Yiannopoulos – a notorious troll who was punished for his ongoing abuse by having his verified badge removed in January 2016.
Vijaya Gadde, Twitter's general counsel, wrote: 'I thought that he wasn't qualified for verification under current guidelines - is that not true?
'I want to make sure we are doing the right thing here and not responding to external pressure or attacks from him.
'We've already taken the PR hit, so let's make sure we are focused on getting this right!'
Tina Bhatnagar, Vice President of User Services replied: 'If he is as bad as we think on abuse, why don't we just perma-suspend?'
But Adam Sharp, former Head of News, Government and Elections hit back at this, saying: 'To my understanding, none of the violations taken individually warrant permanent suspension and while we have escalations for repeat offenses of some types, we don't have a blanket 'three strikes you're out'-type policy.
In the emails, several senior executives discuss Milo Yiannopoulos (pictured) – a notorious troll who was punished for his ongoing abuse by having his verified badge removed in January 2016
WHO CAN GET VERIFIED According to Twitter's Help page: 'An account may be verified if it is determined to be an account of public interest. 'Typically this includes accounts maintained by users in music, acting, fashion, government, politics, religion, journalism, media, sports, business, and other key interest areas. 'A verified badge does not imply an endorsement by Twitter.'
Ms Gadde even went so far as to suggest that she didn't understand the verification policy at all.
She wrote: 'I'd like to understand the verification policy and whether or not he is eligible or what would make him eligible. That should be an objective criterion in my view.'
In a separate email thread with Jack Dorsey, CEO of Twitter, Mr Sharp wrote: 'One challenge is how verification has morphed into something so much more than a well-intentioned identity check.
'It has become a cultural status symbol. It influences search ranking. It exempts a user from some spam filters. It gives them priority support treatment.'
Last month, Twitter verified Jason Kessler, the organiser of the neo-Nazi rally in Charlottesville where three people died. After receiving a huge backlash for this decision, Twitter removed his verification, and tweeted: 'We should have addressed this earlier but did not prioritize the work as we should have'
According to BuzzFeed, other emails suggested that Mr Yiannopoulos wasn't immediately banned because he didn't issue violent threats, as per the policy.
Despite this, Twitter decided to permanently ban him in late 2016.
This isn't the first time that Twitter's verification system has come into question.
Twitter has previously tweeted to apologise about verification confusion, saying: 'We recognise that we have created this confusion and need to resolve it'
Last month, Twitter verified Jason Kessler, the organiser of the neo-Nazi rally in Charlottesville where three people died.
After receiving a huge backlash for this decision, Twitter removed his verification, and tweeted: 'We should have addressed this earlier but did not prioritize the work as we should have.'
MailOnline has contacted Twitter for comment.
Cybersecurity Bill Backers Insist This Isn't SOPA... But Is It Needed?
from the think-they're-scared? dept
The Senators stressed that the Cybersecurity Act of 2012 in no way resembles the Stop Online Piracy Act or the Protect Intellectual Property Act, which involved the piracy of copyrighted information on the internet. The Cybersecurity Act involves the security of systems that control the essential services that keep our nation running—for instance, power, water, and transportation.
Stop the apocalyptic rhetoric. The alarmist scenarios dominating policy discourse may be good for the cybersecurity-industrial complex, but they aren't doing real security any favors.
Declassify evidence relating to cyber threats. Overclassification is a widely acknowledged problem, and declassification would allow the public to verify the threats rather than blindly trusting self-interested officials.
Disentangle the disparate dangers that have been lumped together under the “cybersecurity” label. This must be done to determine who is best suited to address which threats. In cases of cybercrime and cyberespionage, for instance, private network owners may be best suited and have the best incentives to protect their own valuable data, information, and reputations.
Lots of folks have been waiting on the Senate's version of the cybersecurity bill that's been talked about for a while, and what's clear from the details and the press release put out by the Senate Commerce, Science & Transportation Committee is that the folks behind this bill are bending over backwards to point out that this bill is not like SOPA Indeed, the details make it clear that the bill is much more limited than previous versions (or suggestions). For example it has dropped the idea of a "kill switch" (which was already exaggerated ) and made it clear that private companies could appeal any security regulations that they fall under. It certainly appears that the bill is designed to be limited by focusing on core "critical infrastructure" -- such that it only will apply to those facilities where a disruption "would cause mass death, evacuation, or major damage to the economy, national security, or daily life." Of course, that could be interpreted broadly. Hell, the MPAA would argue that file sharing created "major damage to the economy," even if there's little to no evidence to support that.A bigger question, however, should be whether there is any empirical evidence that we need this cybersecurity bill . I'm not saying that it's absolutely not needed -- and I'm glad that it appears the backers of the bill are trying to bend over backwards to hear from all concerned parties (and to avoid a SOPA-like situation). But one of the key things that we learned from SOPA is that Congress needs to stop pushing legislation without real evidence of the nature of the problem, and the evidence here remains lacking. The article linked above, by Jerry Brito and Tate Watkins, highlights all of the hype around cybersecurity and the near total lack of evidence of a problem, other than ominous "trust us, it's a problem!" scare-mongering. They have three suggestions before moving forward with cybersecurity legislation:Good luck seeing any of that happen, of course. The big companies pushing this bill are profiting heavily off of the fear, as the government spends billions on "cybersecurity." This bill would ensure the gravy train continues, even as the evidence suggests that the "hacking" threat may be less and less of an issue. Of course, most of the press loves to just lap up claims of threats and damages without digging into the details. Fear about impending cyberdoom attracts attention. Talking about reality doesn't.Of course, who knows if this bill will ever actually get anywhere. Already, many in the Senate are pushing back and asking Senator Harry Reid to slow down with the bill.
Filed Under: cybersecurity, fear, hype, laws, online security, regulations, sopa
Did you know that the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (and Really Big Fires) has the power to seize and “administratively forfeit” property involved in suspected drug offenses? Neither did I. “[U.S. Attorney General Eric] Holder temporarily delegated this authority to the ATF on a trial basis in 2013,” cato.org reports, “and today made the delegation permanent while lauding the ATF for seizing more than $19.3 million from Americans during the trial period.” Wait. Can he do that? The Department of Justice certainly (and obviously) thinks so . . .
The DOJ claims this rule change doesn't affect individual rights (and was thus exempt from the notice and comment requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act) and that the change is simply an effort to streamline the federal government's forfeiture process. Those who now stand more likely to have their property taken without even a criminal charge may beg to differ. Further, the department claims that forcing the ATF to go through a judicial process in order to seize property requires too much time and money. Whereas an “uncontested administrative forfeiture can be perfected in 60-90 days for minimal cost […] the costs associated with judicial forfeiture can amount to hundreds or thousands of dollars and the judicial process generally can take anywhere from 6 months to years.” In other words, affording judicial process to Americans suspected of engaging in criminal activity takes too long and costs too much.
The same goes for the process of recovering the booty. This does not bode well for gun owners who may have a bit of weed on them if and when the ATF comes a-calling re: a firearms offense. [Pro-tip: don't hide a joint in your PDW brace.) Meanwhile, Cato is not happy.
At a time when Attorney General Holder himself has acknowledged the need for asset forfeiture reform, the authorization to take the property of American citizens should be shrinking, not expanding. A country that spoke itself into existence with assertions of the rights to life, liberty, and property can ill afford yet another government agency with the power to seize your property without so much as a criminal charge.
If a Republican takes the White House in 2016, Mister or Madame President should spike the ATF ASAP IMHO. These are the jack-booted thugs the NRA's been warning you about. [h/t RA]
This page collects all information regarding the One Page Dungeon Contest 2012. The results of previous contests are also available (2011, 2010, 2009).
Check out the Google+ Page, the Facebook Page, or Twitter posts tagged #1pdc.
Dates: Submission deadline was April 30, 0:00 UTC (Monday evening).
All the winners and sponsors have been contacted. That was it! Thank you all.
All Submissions:
Winners:
Download the PDF with All One-Page Dungeon Contest 2012 Winners (32 MB)
Judges:
Prizes & Sponsors: Do you have prizes to donate? Let me know → kensanata@gmail.com!
Current sponsors, in alphabetical order:
Submissions: Here's how to submit your entry.
Create a One Page Dungeon.
Submitting a dungeon to the contest releases it under the Creative Common Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 license with credit to the contest participant (see FAQ).
The submission must have a name , an author , and a link to the license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).
, an , and a (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/). The judges and readers play a variety of systems. Don't waste valuable space with a lot of system-specific stats.
A link to extra material on your blog such as wandering monsters, random events, adventure background, introduction, descriptions of tricks or traps are welcome for readers but will not be considered part of your submission.
One entry per participant. Participants may revise and replace their entries up until the end of contest, with the last revision counting as their official entry.
If your font size is too small to read, you will most probably not win.
Many people will print your submission as a black and white document. Adding colors is no problem as long as the black and white printed copy is still good enough.
Help us keep file size in check. A single page should not take more than an image with 3000x2000 pixels (1-2MB is cool, 5MB still works, 10MB is too much).
Submission must be mailed in PDF format to Alex Schröder → kensanata@gmail.com. Usually we can help you convert your Open Office and Microsoft Word documents to PDF.
If you have a blog article talking about your submission, send us the link. We'd love to link to it from this page.
Submissions:
Process: This section explains the process used by the judges.
Mars is not a friendly place. It's freezing, windy, barren, and quiet except for howling dust storms that can threaten hopeful visitors. The planet is kind of a jerk, really, presenting vindictive obstacles to thwart the robotic explorers sent toward it for the past 47 years. And Mars usually wins.
In the decades since humans started sending spacecraft to Mars, the Red Planet has outscored us handily; humans have only about a .411 batting average overall -- not great for missions that cost billions of dollars and countless time to build. Seventeen landers have been sent, and just seven made it to the surface safely, each of them with varying degrees of success. NASA is attempting the most complicated mission ever with its new Mars rover Curiosity, which will ring in Attempt No. 18. The rocky history of Mars explorers is weighing on managers' minds, and not just because of Curiosity's intense autonomous landing.
"Is it crazy? Well, not so much — once you understand it, it's not so crazy. Is it risky? Landing on Mars is always risky," said Doug McCuistion, director of the Mars Exploration Program at NASA headquarters. "Mars throws things at you. Dust storms, atmospheric density, wind."
Landing something on another world, anything at all, is very difficult to do, especially when the place is very far away and so inordinately inhospitable. Past landing attempts are proof of this.
Humanity's first mechanical landing attempt was a failure, when the Soviet Union's Mars 2 lander crashed after its braking rockets did not fire. Mars 3 arrived a few days after that disaster, on Dec. 2, 1971, becoming the first successful landing on Mars — but it relayed only 20 seconds of data before it, too, died on the dusty surface. A handful more Soviet missions either crashed or missed the planet entirely; then came the American Viking landers, a major success for the U.S., entering Mars orbit during our bicentennial year.
Owning guns is a constitutionally protected right, just like freedom of speech or freedom of religion. It's clearly enumerated, and recent decisions by the Supreme Court have made it clear that the right is an individual right, not a collective one. We, as free individuals, have a right to own guns.
However, simply exercising that right in Hawaii will now land gun owners into an FBI criminal database:
Hawaii's governor signed a bill making it the first state to place its residents who own firearms in a federal criminal record database and monitor them for possible wrongdoing anywhere in the country, his office said. The move by gun control proponents in the liberal state represents an effort to institute some limits on firearms in the face of a bitter national debate over guns that this week saw Democratic lawmakers stage a sit-in at the U.S. House of Representatives. Hawaii Governor David Ige, a Democrat, on Thursday signed into law a bill to have police in the state enroll people into an FBI criminal monitoring service after they register their firearms as already required, his office said in a statement.
And gun control advocates wonder why we're so against firearm registration?
A spokesperson for the NRA called this "one of the most extreme bills we've seen." That's the plain and simple truth.
Can you imagine how the Left would react if protestors were put into a database for exercising their right to protest?
Or journalists, for exercising freedom of the press? They'd be up in arms, and they'd be right to be upset.
Further, Hawaii is incentivizing people to arm themselves outside of the law. Why bother registering your firearms if you're going to be treated like a criminal for doing so?
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Henry will lay on his own private jet to ensure Luis Suarez is ready for take off at the Merseyside derby.
The Liverpool striker was due to return to England on Friday from international duty - less than 24 hours before the bitter showdown with the club's eternal rivals Everton.
Suarez will lead his nation into a
in a game in Montevideo that doesn't kick off until 11pm GMT tomorrow night.
And that has prompted principal owner Henry to offer the use of his own plane, which will jet from his Boston home to South America to bring Suarez back to Merseyside a crucial day earlier.
The striker has been in the form of his life since returning from a 10 match ban for biting , but even his avowed resilience will be put to the test in the heat of a Mersey derby, after flying 17,000 miles in less than two weeks for the two qualifiers.
Reds boss Brendan Rodgers has explained how Suarez constantly amazes coaches by never seemingly affected by jet lag, but even he has concerns over the latest trip, and Henry's offer of help should at least give him time to recover before the 12.45pm kick off on Saturday.
The American owner has been thrilled by Liverpool's start to the season, and he is desperate to maintain their successful run, to keep them in the title hunt until the January transfer window opens.
LIFE&STYLE
The government is seeking to add the historic Seoul City Wall and Confucian academies of Korea to the UNESCO cultural heritage list this year. In addition, it also hopes to include haenyeo, female divers on the resort island of Jejudo, and Korean traditional wrestling to the intangible heritage list.
The state-run Cultural Heritage Administration outlined its plan to submit the applications for inclusion on the UNESCO lists this year at a press conference Tuesday to introduce its plans for the year.
Oksan seowon in Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang Province is one of the nine seowon Confucian academies for which a UNESCO heritage listing is being sought. (Conservation and Management Foundation of Seowon)
“We will continue to discover more cultural and intangible heritage in order to enhance our global standing and promote our cultural heritage,” said Na Sun-hwa, head of the CHA.Nine Confucian academies of Korea, or seowon, were added to the tentative list of the UNESCO's Cultural Heritage in 2011. The CHA applied to include haenyeo on UNESCO's Intangible Cultural Heritage list in 2014 and is awaiting a final decision in November.It also plans to add new items such as lacquer craft chiljang and two historic records -- royal seals and documents and the 1907 Debt Repayment Movement -- to UNESCO's Memory of the World list. The 1907 movement was organized to pay Joseon-era Korea's debt to Japan through individual donations amid the growing influence of the imperial power that annexed Korea three years later.To respond to the growing popularity of public programs held at major historic properties, the CHA will also increase the number of royal palace tour programs and develop more interesting programs in historic places nationwide that will appeal to both Koreans and foreign visitors.More frequent and diverse programs will be offered at Seoul's Joseon-era palaces this year. For example, the popular Changdeokgung Palace Moonlight Tour will be held for 120 days compared to just 40 days last year. The old kitchen building of Sojubang in Gyeongbokgung Palace, which became popular after it was featured on TV drama “Jewel in the Palace,” will be open to the public from April to October and run food-related programs.By Lee Woo-young ( wylee@heraldcorp.com
PHIL TORRESSome species of spider are known to weave elaborate patterns into their webs, but a newly discovered spider in the Peruvian Amazon tops them all—by sculpting what appears to be a giant mock spider from dead insects, leaves, and other forest debris. Believed to be a new species in the genus Cyclosa, which includes spiders known to build web structures, the 5-mm-long spider may use the decoy to confuse predators.
Biologist and science educator Phil Torres spotted the unusual behavior while leading visitors around a floodplain near Peru's Tambopata Research Center. He contacted arachnid expert Linda Rayor of Cornell University in New York, who confirmed that the construction of spider-shaped decoys has never previously been observed. Torres later returned to same area and found around 25 more spider-building spiders within roughly one square mile.
“I have never seen a structure just like this,” William Eberhard, an entomologist at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute and the University of Costa Rica, told Wired, though he noted that identifying the spider as new species based on the decoy-building behavior alone is probably not possible.
Torres plans to return to the same area in January with a permit to collect specimens, which will help to verify whether or not the decoy builder is indeed a new species.
Clarification (December 20): Phil Torres found around 25 spiders that build into their webs structures resembling giant spiders. The Scientist has added the information and regrets the omission.
– Editor's Note: Camp Confidential will feature daily news and notes throughout Texans training camp. John Lopez and Cody Stoots of In the Loop reporting.
>>>Deshaun Watson rebounded from his day yesterday where he displayed some rookie mistakes. He was throwing darts fitting a throw in a football sized opening to Jaelen Strong and finding Riley McCarron in individual drills. He would've connected for a huge gain if Ryan Griffin hadn't dropped Watson's perfect strike. He looked much more confident and capable today than yesterday.
>>>Watson found Bryce Jones right in the numbers before Jones dropped the Watson pass. Jones, is of course, a cornerback for the Texans. One of the few mistakes Watson made.
>>>Watson's escapability was evident. Even in a fully live game, no one would have stopped Watson as he made a scramble for a big first down in the teams situation.
>>>Tom Savage had his moments. He made a huge throw, about 40 yards, to Jaelen Strong which saw the third year wideout leap and grab the ball for a score. Today was Strong's best day in camp despite a fumble.
>>>The defense was THRILLED to have the pads on. None more excited than Brian Cushing. In about 15-18 reps in goal line run situations, the defense allowed only a handful of offensive progress. Cushing let Hopkins know history had repeated itself. The excitement was the highest it has been in camp.
>>>The lone true without question touchdown scored was by D'Onta Foreman, the early camp standout. He flashed for a big run today too. Lamar Miller and Akeem Hunt got in on the big runs.
>>>The defense may have won goal line but the offense had their revenge moving the ball well in competitive situations. Competitive situations is a Bill O'Brien term that I really enjoy for some reason.
>>>The offensive line earned revenge later in drills as well. Jeff Allen and Kendall Lamm teamed up to win a rep against Whitney Mercilus and Christian Covington. Chris Clark and David Quessenberry worked together to stymie Jadeveon Clowney and D.J. Reader. Nick Martin held his own again today as he picks up where he left off before his injury last year.
>>>Breno Giacomini was dusted by Whitney Mercilus in one play and moments later Mercilus was working with him on how to anticipate and beat certain pass rushing moves. It was a cool sight as the two worked together for a few moments away from the rest of the team.
>>>C.J. Fiedorowicz had a great block on Jadeveon Clowney
>>>For the second straight day J.J. Watt was not participating in contact team drills.
>>>The running backs and linebacker engaged in some pass blocking drills and the results were mixed for both sides. Akeem Hunt POPPED Dylan Cole for a block but Cole would recover to get a sack in the next rep by him. Alfred Blue and Cushing reignited their Hard Knocks rivalry and it went the way I am guessing it always does, Cushing's way. Rookie on rookie crime as Zach Cunningham stood out for the first time in camp and beat Foreman for a sack
>>>Treston Decoud stood out today. He had a huge tackle for a loss on the goal line and then almost had a pass breakup on Strong. After Strong had some choice words for Decoud the two got in each other's face. Decoud impressed for someone in just his third day of work as an NFL player. He wasn't with the Texans this offseason due to school rules.
Rails just got a new feature that allows for returning the type of validator used on an invalid attribute.
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base validates :name , presence: true end user = User . new user . valid? user . errors . details # => {name: [{error: :blank}]}
It will be useful in API applications, where you don't want to return translated error messages, but rather symbols that are then used by API clients to construct proper user notifications.
You can also pass additional options to provide a context for an error object:
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base validate :adulthood def adulthood errors . add ( :age , :too_young , years_limit: 18 ) if age < 18 end end user = User . new ( age: 15 ) user . valid? user . errors . details # => {age: [{error: :too_young, years_limit: 18}]}
All built in validators populate details hash by default.
This feature will be available in Rails 5.0, but you don't have to wait for the release to start using it in your Rails 4.x application. All you have to do is install the active_model-errors_details gem which backports the feature.
Discuss the article on Hacker News
John McDonnell faced claims he was forced to Google the deficit during a live radio interview today.
The shadow chancellor suffered a 'Diane Abbott moment' while being grilled by Nick Robinson on the Today programme this morning.
Mr McDonnell appeared stumped when Robinson challenged him to tell listeners what the deficit in the public finances was.
The presenter asked if he was looking it up when rustling could be heard over the radio while social media users pointed out the figure Mr McDonnell came up with matched that given on Wikipedia.
As he regained his composure, Mr McDonnell declared the gap between the government's revenues and spending was around £70billion.
But he was told that the true figure is actually £52billion.
John McDonnell has been conducting a round of broadcast interviews ahead of Labour's manifesto launch later today
The embarrassing gaffe comes after shadow home secretary Diane Abbott floundered as she tried to explain how much a pledge to boost police numbers would cost.
Mr McDonnell was conducting a round of broadcast interviews ahead of Labour's manifesto launch.
The party has proposed the most left-wing election platform for decades - including swingeing tax rises on business and the wealthy and a wave of nationalisations.
But Mr McDonnell was admitted today he did not know how much it would cost to take water companies - worth many tens of billions of pounds - into public ownership.
He suggested parliament could 'set a price' and there could be a compulsory conversion of shares into bonds.
'We will seek to negotiate and we'll look at the options as to how we bring it back into public ownership for public benefit,' he said.
'One is yes an outright purchase and we wouldn't want to set the price of that now because that would affect the negotiations.'
The shadow chancellor suffered a 'Diane Abbott moment' while being grilled by Nick Robinson on the Today programme this morning
Challenged by Nick Robinson on BBC Radio 4's Today programme that the cost would be in the 'tens of billions', Mr McDonnell said: 'A determination would be made by Parliament itself it has the right to do that.
'But also we could offer bonds for shares and exchange scheme there are different mechanism that can be used….'
He added: 'We wouldn't want to discuss any form of price at this point in time.
'As I say Parliament as we have seen as a result of past legal actions and legislation, parliament has the ability to set the price at which any public ownership method like this will be designated.'
Mr McDonnell admitted the costing will not be in the manifesto.'We will consult on the mechanism for going forward on this,' he said.
He also did not deny estimates from the respected Institute for Fiscal Studies that the spending commitments amounted to £75billion a year, insisting Labour would give details later.
Mr Corbyn - pictured campaigning in Yorkshire yesterday - will vow to target the 'tight-fisted' rich as he launches the manifesto later
Tory candidate Bob Neill expressed disbelief at Mr McDonnell's failure to give figures today
As Mr McDonnell was asked on the Today programme to give a figure for the deficit, it sounded like someone handed him a sheet of paper.
But when presenter Robinson suggested that had happened Mr McDonnell - who was speaking down the line from Bradford - denied it.
The left-winger then said that the 'deficit at the moment is £68-70billion'.
But Robinson told him he was being 'a bit kind' and the figure was actually £52billion.
Aides to Mr McDonnell insisted he had been using the 'full final' figure from 2015-16, even though a 2016-17 number has been published.
JOHN MCDONNELL'S DEFICIT MUDDLE Nick Robinson: What is Britain's deficit at the moment? John McDonnell: If I can say to you, if I can say to you, that what's happening as well in terms of day to day expenditure we need the investment, we need the investment, we need the investment…. (Noisy rustling in the background) NR: Is somebody passing you a piece of paper? What is our deficit at the moment. JM: Not at all. NR: It just sounds like someone is passing you a piece of paper handed across there. What is our deficit at the moment? JM: Our deficit is around £68 – 70 billion. NR: I think you are being a bit kind actually, I think it is £52billion is the latest figure. JM: Oh well the government estimate is that it was £68-70billion.
Speaking on ITV's Good Morning Britain earlier, Mr McDonnell was grilled on why Labour wanted to spend billions renewing the Trident nuclear deterrent when Jeremy Corbyn would never use it.
Pressed by host Piers Morgan on whether he personally would deploy the weapons in the last resort, Mr McDonnell replied: 'I don't believe that their use is either right or, to be frank, in any way could be seen to be effective because innocent people will die.
'What we will be doing is making sure that we negotiate the reduction in nuclear weapons across the world, deescalate any forms of tension so it never arrives at that, and I don't think we'll ever arrive at that situation, but let's be absolutely clear – the Labour party policy is to renew Trident.'
On the deficit figure, an aide to Mr McDonnell said: 'John was referring to the last year for which we have full final confirmed outturn data which is 2015-16.
'That's based on the latest available OBR document which included only provisional estimates for 2016/17.'
The manifesto being published this morning is expected to include £3,000 income tax hike for higher earners to fund a Labour spending spree.
Launching the document - a version of which was embarrassingly leaked last week - Mr Corbyn vow to target the 'tight-fisted' rich.
He told the event at Bradford University they had pocketed 'tax cuts and bumper salaries while millions have struggled and been held back'.
His plans include a 50p top rate of tax for those earning more than £123,000 and slashing the threshold for 45p tax from £150,000 to just £80,000.
There would also be a percentage charge on firms that pay senior staff wages of more than £330,000.
Energy, rail and water systems would all be renationalised, under the plans.
UPDATE:
I've adjusted the scoring and categories a bit because the test was skewed somewhat toward lower scores. For those who have arguments with my scoring system, understand that it is based on averages. I'm sure everyone knows a 34 year old woman who is just as hot as the average 22 year old girl, but the exceptions don't make the rules.
And a note on BMI:
I used the 1959 Met Life height-weight insurance charts as guides as they are the most accurate (before American “grade inflation” made obese the new normal). A 5'10” 140lb woman would have a BMI of 20.1, which puts her well within the most desirable BMI category.
*****
If you are a woman, this test will measure your dating market value. The higher the number, the better quality man you can catch. The lower the number, the more likely you will find yourself surrounded by cats. Unlike the male version of this test, here I have added a sliding scale to some of the questions because this better reflects the outsized importance that certain factors have on a woman's total sexual value.
Guys, you may take this quiz for your girlfriends or wives to see if you have settled for tepid sex once a week or if you always get hard looking at her and never forget her birthday.
1. How old are you?
15 to 16 years old: +5 points
17 to 20 years old: +10 points
21 to 25 years old: +8 points
26 to 29 years old: +3 point
30 to 33 years old: 0 points
33 to 36 years old: -1 point
37 to 40 years old: -5 points
41 to 45 years old: -8 points
46 to 49 years old: -10 points
over 49: you've hit the wall. waysa?
2. How important is makeup to your appearance?
It slightly enhances my looks: 0 points
I look like a different woman with makeup: -1 point
I'm a natural beauty. My morning face looks the same as my evening face: +1 point
3. What is your IQ? (This relates tangentially to your ability to connect emotionally with a man.)
Under 85: -1 point
85 to 100: 0 points
101 to 120: +1 point
121 to 145: 0 points
Over 145: -1 point
*****
The following ten questions deal with the physical attractiveness of your body.
4. Your breast size is:
Bee stings up to A cup: -1 point
B cup: 0 points
C cup: +1 point
D cup, naturally firm: +2 points
DD cup, firm: +1 point
E cup and up: 0 points
5. Your breasts look firm and pert when you wear:
A bra: 0 points
An underwire push-up bra: -1 point
Nothing: +1 point
6. How long are your legs in relation to your height?
Long: +1 point
Average: 0 points
Short: -1 point
7. What is the shape of your ass?
Flat: -1 point
Round and fleshy: +1 point
Round, fleshy, and firm: +2 points
Flat and saggy: -2 points
Just average: 0 points
8. How flat is your stomach?
Cutting board flat: +1 point
Slight pouch: 0 points
Muffin top: -1 point
Flabby beer gut and fupa: -10 points
9. How toned are your upper arms?
Very toned, I can see my triceps: +1 point
Average, not flabby: 0 points
If I hold my arm out, I can wobble the fat underneath my upper arm: -1 point
10. How big are your hands?
Delicate piano fingers, proportionally small: +1 point
Average size: 0 points
Manhands: -1 point
11. Where is there hair on your body?
My head and pubic area only: +1 point
I have to shave my legs daily and wax my bushy eyebrows: 0 points
I have dark forearm hair and a mustache: -1 point
Nipples, asscrack, and that giant mole on my back: -2 points
12. Get a tape ruler and measure around your waist and your hips. Divide your waist number by your hip number. This ratio is:
0.65 to 0.75: +1 point
0.55 to 0.64: 0 points
under 0.55: -1 point
0.76 to 0.85: 0 points
0.85 to 0.95: -1 point
over 0.95: -2 points
13. What is your BMI?
(Go here to calculate your BMI. The scoring of female BMI varies somewhat from that of male BMI because aesthetics, not just general health, have to be taken into consideration.)
under 14.1: -10 points
14.1 to 15.0: -5 points
15.1 to 16.5: 0 points
16.6 to 17.4: +3 points
17.5 to 21.0: +10 points
21.1 to 23.0: +3 points
23.1 to 24.5: 0 points
24.6 to 28.0: -5 points
28.1 to 33.0: -10 points
over 33.0: stop taking this quiz. you get nothing! you lose! good day madam!
*****
The next ten questions are the section of the test that measures your facial beauty. Since so much of a woman's dating market value resides in the appeal of her face, I have chosen to examine some traits in finer detail. To illustrate how very subtle changes in facial characteristics can mean the difference between beautiful and ugly, look at these two photos:
I do not even have to label these photos because almost all my readers viewing them, men and women, will instinctively know which is the hot girl and which is not. Remember this the next time someone tells you beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
14. On a scale of 1 to 10, how pretty are you?
Note: Do not bother soliciting the opinions of the following people, because they will not give you a truthful answer.
Your family.
Your heterosexual female friends.
Your homosexual male friends.
Your heterosexual male friends who would sleep with you given the chance.
Instead, put your pic up on hotornot and check back in a week. Otherwise, go with what you've overheard through the grapevine by people who weren't your close friends, or suck it up and try to be as honest with yourself as possible. Lesbians will also give you an accurate appraisal as long as it is through a third party and not directly to your face. Use the photos above as guidelines. Adjust your rating based on how close your facial morphology matches one or the other.
0: don't bother finishing this test.
1 to 2: -10 points
3 to 4: -5 points
5: -1 point
6: +2 points
7: +5 points
8 to 9: +8 points
10: +12 points
15. How clear is your skin?
No acne, blemishes, or poorly located moles: 0 points
Some combination of the above: -1 point
People are always telling you how silky smooth your skin looks: +1 point
16. Do you have any noticeable deformities?
Yes, minor: -1 point
Yes, major: -10 points
No: 0 points
17. How full are your lips?
Pencil thin: -1 point
Average: 0 points
Juicily plump: +1 point
Weirdly oversized: 0 points
18. How high is your forehead?
Low: -1 point
Average: 0 points
High: +1 point
19. How long is your jawline from ear to chin?
Long: -1 point
Average: 0 points
Short: +1 point
20. How big is your chin?
Small: +1 point
Average: 0 points
Large: -1 point
21. How big is your nose?
Small: +1 point
Average: 0 points
Large: -1 point
22. In proportion to the size of your face, are your eyes:
Large and saucer-like: +1 point
Normal-sized: 0 points
Small and beady: -1 point
23. Is the distance between your eyes:
Wide: +1 point
Average: 0 points
Narrow: -1 point
The bottom line on female facial beauty is that as the lower half of her face becomes smaller and more delicate, making her eyes and cheekbones appear more prominent, the better looking she will be.
*****
The final eleven questions measure your femininity, sexiness, and pleasing personality traits. This is the closest to “game” that women have at their disposal. It isn't much, which is why the scoring is lowest in this section.
24. You frequently wear sexy lingerie, even when not prepping for a hot date.
Yes: +1 point
Special occasions only: 0 points
Never. Ripped and stained comfy granny panties only: -1 point
25. When someone gets hurt you are the first to ask if they are OK and to deliver aid if needed.
Almost always: +1 point
Occasionally: 0 points
Almost never: -1 point
26. You are highly competitive and often play co-ed team sports.
Yes, and I will throw an elbow if necessary. My shelf is filled with trophies: -1 point
I like to exercise on nice days with one on one sports like tennis: +1 point
I'm competitive with other girls, but not guys: 0 points
27. When a guy approaches you in a bar, regardless of your attraction for him, you:
Smile and look at him: +1 point
Pretend like you don't notice him coming: 0 points
Frown and tell him you're talking to your friends before he even gets a chance to say Hi: -1 point
28. On a first date the check arrives for dinner and drinks. You:
Offer to split the check or even pay in full: +1 point
Smile and thank the guy when he pays for the check: 0 points
Forget to thank him after he pays for your ungrateful ass: -1 point
29. You are about to have sex with a guy for the first time. He undresses and his penis is small. Do you:
Tell him how great his cock looks and feels?: +1 point
Say nothing: 0 points
Look surprised and stifle a laugh: -1 point
30. You think blowjobs are:
Great! You give them spontaneously and there's never any doubt how much you enjoy it: +1 point
An obligation: 0 points
Gross. You gave one after your BF proposed and spit it on his shoes: -1 point
31. Do you do anal?
Yes, and it makes me come to know how much it pleases my man: +1 point
Only when I get really drunk: 0 points
Never. It's an exit only: -1 point
32. The number of sex positions you have tried is:
3 to 10: 0 points
Missionary and doggy style only: -1 point
I'm a contortionist: +1 point
33. How often do you curse?
I think I said damn once: +1 point
I blurt out fuck and shit a few times a week: 0 points
My mouth is a gutter: -1 point
34. You'd best describe your sense of fashion as:
I'm a label whore: -1 point
I hide my body under baggy tees and ill-fitting jeans: -1 point
I wear casual clothing that flatters my figure: 0 points
I wear stylish clothing on weeknights and I can handle heels over 3 inches: +1 point
My flip flops have my foot imprint in them: -2 points
*****
SCORING
There is a minimum of -83 points and a maximum of 64 points to earn based on the questions asked. The reason the minimum score goes lower than the maximum score goes high is because there are a few things, such as gross obesity, old age, or a major facial deformity, that seriously negatively impact a woman's overall rating to the point of market extinction.
The scoring breaks down as follows:
-83: You are proof that god does not exist, but that satan does.
-82 to -56: You're an omega. If it makes you feel better you will have your choice of male omegas to bang.
-55 to -40: The majority of men are disgusted by the sight of you. Your kind will suffer most when our sexbot overlords arrive. Losers hit on you constantly figuring they have a chance.
-39 to -20: You were born to cockblock. But you'll manage to marry a table scrap.
-19 to -5: Lesser beta. The men you want make fun of you out of earshot. You spend many years learning how to settle for mediocre betas.
-4 to 14: Classic beta. Your hot friends always get hit on first, but if you really tramp it up you can snag a slightly better than average guy to take you home for a single night of commitment.
15 to 29: Greater beta. More than a few attractive guys will approach you. But if your personality is flawed you risk becoming a pump and dump victim.
30 to 43: You are officially a nascent alpha female. A lot of quality guys will hit on you and you will be able to pick and choose at your leisure. But don't push it. You're not quite hot enough to string guys along forever.
44 to 55: You're a bona fide hottie. Nearly every guy who meets you agrees you are a hottie. So does every girl. This puts you in the top 1% of worldwide womanhood. With great power comes great responsibility, so try to limit the number of men you torture with blueballs and LJFB rejections to fewer than 100 in your social circle. As long as you are not a complete bitch, marriage with a top quality man will come easily to you.
56 to 63: Guys want you, girls want to be you. You are just short of perfection, which paradoxically means you will get hit on more than the super alpha females. You are a player's greatest challenge, and his greatest reward, because unlike the perfect woman there is still something human about you. Sex, love, security, commitment, easy living… you have it all. Only your demons can defeat you.
64: Super Alpha. The world is yours. Life is an endless parade of joy and excitement. Your power is illimitable… for now.
I hope everyone noticed what was missing from this test:
Your job.
The amount of money you make.
Your accomplishments.
Your social status and number of friends.
Your deep and profound worldview.
Unlike the men who took my Male Dating Market Value test, I do not expect *any* women to be completely honest with themselves taking the Female Dating Market Value test. The female ego is simply way too fragile to absorb the shock of such a brutal self-assessment. Therefore, I will be mentally subtracting 10 points from every woman who posts her score here in the comments.
SAN JOSE — Logan Couture has become the Sharks go-to guy at both ends of the ice.
Consider his play in the third period of San Jose's 3-2 victory over the Dallas Stars one week ago that secured a spot in the Stanley Cup playoffs that begin Wednesday in Vancouver. Couture drilled a 17-foot wrist shot for the game-winning goal, then dropped to the ice with two seconds left to block a Ryan Garbutt slap shot that threatened San Jose's slim lead.
“The way he's been playing lately, he's been driving our bus right now,” Sharks coach Todd McLellan said of Couture after a four-point effort on April 18. “He's the head guy and he's making it happen and we're happy for him.”
Later, McLellan would qualify his statement — “He's elevated himself into an elite role. … He's penetrated into that leadership group and solidified his place there” — but with this season Couture has only strengthened his status as the franchise's future.
For years the Sharks have been Patrick Marleau's team or Joe Thornton's team. With both now 33, the transition is in progress as the 24-year-old Couture steps it up.
“Which is great,” said Thornton, the team's captain. “It's a good thing that the young guys want to take over and want to lead the team. It's nice for me and Patty to say, ‘Hey, it's your turn tonight. Go ahead and see what you've got.' It's a committee. We've said that for lots of years.”
Thornton is among those impressed by the breadth of Couture's game.
“He just does it all,” the captain said. “If you need a shootout goal, you put him in. Blocked shot or a penalty kill — anything. He just continues to get better.”
The goals are nothing new for Couture, though the team-leading 21 he scored this abbreviated season put him on pace for a career-high 35 over the usual 82 games.
But the defensive side of his game has evolved to the point that the line of Couture, Marleau and TJ Galiardi has been matched against the opposition's top offensive forwards for the past few weeks, contributing to San Jose's 12-5-1 record down the stretch.
Shot-blocking, risky as it can be at times, has become a Couture specialty. The Sharks blocked 800 shots this season, more than any team except the Toronto Maple Leafs. And Couture's 51 were more than any forward except Ryan Callahan of the New York Rangers.
“I've always enjoyed blocking shots, trying to help out,” Couture said after that Dallas game in which he had a career-high six. “That's something that was taught to me since I was a young kid. It's always good to pitch in on both sides.”
Couture didn't embrace the “driving the bus” analogy, suggesting McLellan must have been referring to the work of his line overall. But he did acknowledge he has taken on an expanded leadership role.
“I mean each year that you play here, you feel more comfortable and more of a leader,” he said. “You see guys coming up and they ask me questions like I did when I was coming up, asking Jumbo and guys like that questions.”
A more visible sign of Couture's leadership potential could come next season. With the departure of Ryane Clowe, there's a vacancy for a Sharks assistant captain. Couture would have to be considered a front-runner for the role, though McLellan declined to tip his hand.
But look for another indication of the respect Couture has earned around the NHL when the series with the Canucks gets under way. Two years ago, the Canucks tried to match their top defensive center, Ryan Kesler, against Thornton whenever possible.
Initial word from Vancouver indicates that this year Kesler — who missed 31 games with injuries and did not face the Sharks all season — will be matched against Couture.
For more on the Sharks, see David Pollak's Working the Corners blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/sharks. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/PollakOnSharks.
Gianluca Colla / Bloomberg / Getty Images The Swiss national flag flies above buildings in Zurich on Dec. 12, 2011
On Sept. 25, Switzerland's highest court brought a long-winded case to a close, convicting three Swiss engineers — a father and his two sons — of selling nuclear equipment to Libya. The Swiss were scandalized, but not by what you'd think.
Friedrich Tinner, 74, and his sons, Marco, 43, and Urs, 46,were arrested in 2004 and sentenced to 24, 41 and 50 months respectively. They were immediately released, taking into account the time they already served in detention, as well as their cooperation with the CIA, which led to the dismantling of the network they had been a part of.
(MORE: Why Switzerland Is Not Amused by Miss Swiss Bank Account (a.k.a. Romney Girl))
But what the Swiss remember most about the case is not that the Tinners worked for the network operated by Abdul Qadeer Khan, the notorious “father” of the Pakistani atom bomb, who supplied Libya, North Korea and Iran with the nuclear-weapons technology. What they recall is a widespread rumor that the CIA ordered the shredding of tens of thousands of pages of the Tinners' documents in 2007 to hide its involvement in the case.
The allegation was never proved, and Swiss authorities said at the time that they destroyed the documents because the blueprints and plans posed a security risk. But the implication that a foreign government might have meddled in Switzerland's affairs riled up the citizens more than the shredding itself. “We are not the stooges of the CIA or the United States,” fumed Christoph Blocher, who served as the Justice Minister at the time.
This kind of outrage flares up every time a foreign government intrudes in Switzerland's affairs — which has happened often lately — and reflects the mentality of its people: fiercely independent, protective of their rights, proud and even smug sometimes — the characteristics borne out of living comfortably in a stable and prosperous economy, with the government that is responsive to the grassroots needs. “The feeling that they can decide everything by themselves is deeply rooted in the Swiss tradition of direct democracy,” says Georg Lutz, director of the Social Science Research Centre in Lausanne, Switzerland.
(MORE: Secrets of Switzerland's Last Traditional Finishing School)
Through frequent referendums on all kinds of national and local issues, the Swiss believe they have hands-on control over what happens in their country, “and they believe that outside interventions jeopardize this right to self-determination,” Lutz adds. In fact, the fear of having to comply with E.U. laws that would compromise Switzerland's political and economic independence was one of the reasons the country refused to join.
Unfortunately, in the past several years, repeated intrusions — mostly from the U.S. — have challenged Switzerland's view of itself. For example, in its search for tax evaders, the Internal Revenue Service has pressured Swiss banks to release the names of American account holders or face hefty fines and even a ban from doing business in the U.S. Though the Swiss finally caved in, the demands have sparked widespread criticism of Washington's strong-arm tactics.
Adding fuel to the fire, earlier this month inspectors from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration demanded access to Switzerland's chocolate factories to rule out any bioterrorism risk that Swiss-produced chocolate might pose when sold in the U.S. Not surprisingly, chocolate manufacturers are not sugarcoating their reaction. “The fact that a foreign authority is involved in our Swiss businesses is unseemly,” Daniel Bloch of Chocolats Camille Bloch, told the Handelszeitung newspaper.
Faced with a ban on exports to the U.S., chocolate makers, like the bankers, have given in to the pressure, but this acceptance is far from sweet for some Swiss. “Imagine if a Swiss delegation showed up at Hershey, demanding the inspection of their premises,” said one caller to a radio show. “We'd be kicked out of there so fast. But we, as a nation, allow ourselves to be bullied.”
It may not be a matter of choice. The lack of reciprocity might be frustrating, but for all their ornery pride and sense of independence, the Swiss have little recourse against larger nations. “In the globalized world, size does matter,” Lutz says. “Switzerland tends to overestimate its importance and that anybody actually cares about its particularities.”
MORE: What Are the World's Top Tunnels?
In a statement, the DHA said that under Basmah, an initiative of the DHA's Health Funding Department, the basic benefit plan of the Dubai Mandatory Health Insurance Scheme now covers screening as well as treatment of breast, colorectal and cervical cancer. Screening is strictly in accordance with international screening criteria.
All Dubai visa holders who automatically by law have the mandatory health insurance cover now are eligible for the screening and treatment.
Mr Humaid Al Qutami, Chairman of the Board and Director-General of the DHA, said: “In line with the Vision 2021 plan, this initiative will help in early diagnosis as screening is now a part of the basic benefit plan. Additionally, we will be able to provide financial and emotional support to patients suffering from these three types of cancer. This is possible because of the support of our partners, both government and private. Our aim is to provide the highest level of quality care for patients and to support them the best we can.”
Dr Haidar Al Yousuf, Director of Health Funding, said: “This is a milestone in terms of health insurance coverage and we have redefined health insurance through this initiative. Prior to this scheme, cancer coverage under the mandatory health insurance scheme as part of the basic benefit plan was limited to AED150,000 (US$40,800). Now, that is no longer the case. Under the scheme, those detected with breast, colorectal or cervical cancer will receive coverage from screening until treatment.
“If a patient is detected with any of the three cancers during this screening, the DHA Patient Tracking and Follow-Up Centre is automatically notified. They then ensure that the complete treatment process for the patient is smooth and streamlined.”
Dr Al Yousuf explained that this is possible because the healthcare fraternity has come together to ensure the economies of scale to support the initiative.
Prior to this, the Health Funding Department recently added screening services for diabetes, heart disease, new born and developmental screening as part of the mandatory health insurance cover. Dubai introduced its mandatory health insurance scheme in 2014.
Look and Read (1967 – 2004) was a long running BBC Schools programme that is fondly remembered by several generations of school-children.
Its aim was to help less developed readers gain confidence but the drama segments (each twenty-minute episode would be a mix of studio based learning lessons and a continuing serial) ensured that the programmes appealed to most children.
The Boy From Space was the third in the Look and Read series, originally broadcast between September and November 1971 and was scripted by Richard Carpenter.
Carpenter had started his career as an actor and during the 1950's and 1960's he racked up an impressive list of credits on shows such as Z Cars, Softly Softly, Emergency Ward 10, No Hiding Place, Sherlock Holmes, Dixon of Dock Green and Strange Report. But by the late 1960's he had decided to change course and become a writer.
His first series, Catweazle, was an instant success. Broadcast on LWT between 1970 and 1971, it starred Geoffrey Bayldon as a magician from Norman times who found himself adrift in the modern world and totally unable to understand many of the simplest things we take for granted.
Carpenter would continue to notch up an impressive list of writing credits over the next few decades (creating The Ghosts of Motley Hall, Dick Turpin and Robin of Sherwood, amongst others) and he also penned several further serials for Look and Read – Cloud Burst (1974) and The King's Dragon (1977).
Turning back to the original 1971 broadcast of The Boy From Space, it comprised 10 episodes of 20 minutes duration. Although it was repeated several times up until 1973, sometime after that the tapes were wiped which meant that that only the drama inserts remained.
At this point in time the majority of BBC programmes were made and broadcast on videotape. Videotape was expensive and could be re-used, hence the reason why so many shows from this era are lost for ever – as periodically the tapes would be wiped so that new recordings could be made.
Film, however, could not be re-used, which explains why these sections of The Boy From Space remained in the archives.
In 1980 BBC Schools were looking around for a new Look and Read serial, so it was decided to use the material shot in 1971 along with newly created learning inserts. And as the original music was lost Paddy Kingsland from the Radiophonic Workshop was commissioned to write a new score.
The 1980 series was presented by Phil Cheney as Cosmo with Charles Collingwood providing the voice of Wordy whilst Katie Hebb was the puppeteer who brought him to life. Derek Griffiths led the team of singers who performed the educational songs. The cast list from the 1971 drama inserts was as follows –
Anthony Woodruff as Mr Bunting
Colin Mayes as Peep-peep
Gabriel Woolf as Peep-peep's father
John Woodnutt as the thin space-man
Loftus Burton as Tom
Stephen Garlick as Dan
Sylvestra Le Touzel as Helen
As with the 1971 series, it was broadcast over 10 episodes –
01 The Meteorite (15 Jan 1980)
02 The Spinning Compass (22 Jan 1980)
03 The Man in the Sand-pit (29 Jan 1980)
04 In danger! (5 Feb 1980)
05 The Hold-up (12 Feb 1980)
06 Where is Tom? (26 Feb 1980)
07 The Hunt for the Car (4 Mar 1980)
08 The Lake (11 Mar 1980)
09 Captured! (18 Mar 1980)
10 In the Spaceship (25 Mar 1980)
It's fair to say that The Boy From Space is an odd viewing experience. The drama sections concern two children, Dan (Stephen Garlick) and Helen (Sylvestra Le Touzel) who, whilst out stargazing, spy an object plummeting to the earth. They decide to explore and discover a crashed space-ship.
Amongst the ship's inhabitants is a young alien boy christened “Peep-peep” by the children due to his backwards language. But there is danger from another alien who the children refer to as “the thin space-man”, played by John Woodnutt. He seems to have a hold over their new friend from space and this puts them all in danger.
Whilst this is obviously quite low budget, there's plenty of merit here. The child actors are pretty good (Le Touzel would go on to have a lengthy career) whilst Gabriel Woolf and John Woodnutt are as solid as you would expect. Another plus point is the score by Paddy Kingsland. Anybody who loves early eighties Doctor Who music will find much to appreciate.
The educational inserts may be of less interest to some, but thanks to the comprehensive package prepared by the BFI, there are several different viewing options.
You can either watch the series as broadcast in 1980 or there's an option to view just the drama sequences in a new 70 minute edit on the second disc.
There's also two versions of the BBC Schools LP recording. The first is the original audio, with narration from Wordy himself and the other marries footage from the show along with the LP audio.
In addition to this, there's Wordy's Think-ups (animated lessons from the episodes), PDFs of the school brochures from both broadcasts and an interesting booklet which contains information about BBC Schools programmes in general as well as detail on the Look and Read series.
The DVD is part of the BFI's Sci-Fi: Days of Fear and Wonder series of releases. Also available now is The Changes, with others such as Nineteen Eighty Four and Out Of The Unknown to follow later in the year.
The series by itself would have been a worthwhile purchase but the supplementary features mean that it's an even more attractive package. It's probably not to everyone's tastes, but it's nice to see the BFI releasing something slightly left-field like this. Hopefully there will be more to follow in the future.
For the first time in six years, the top elected and appointed officials in Pennsylvania state government won't be getting automatic pay raises.A 1995 law authorizes annual raises for hundreds of office-holders, including judges, legislators and executive branch officials, to offset increases in the cost of living. But the federal government's Consumer Price Index for the region that includes Pennsylvania declined this year, so there won't be any raises.Dan Egan, spokesman for the governor's Office of Administration, says this is the first time since 2009 that the index did not go up.Last year, top state officials qualified for a 1.6 percent increase, which translated into raises of more than $3,000 for some of the highest-ranking people.
For the first time in six years, the top elected and appointed officials in Pennsylvania state government won't be getting automatic pay raises.
A 1995 law authorizes annual raises for hundreds of office-holders, including judges, legislators and executive branch officials, to offset increases in the cost of living. But the federal government's Consumer Price Index for the region that includes Pennsylvania declined this year, so there won't be any raises.
Dan Egan, spokesman for the governor's Office of Administration, says this is the first time since 2009 that the index did not go up.
Last year, top state officials qualified for a 1.6 percent increase, which translated into raises of more than $3,000 for some of the highest-ranking people.
AlertMe
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Scotland's national police force has been condemned for requesting condoms to be banned in Edinburgh's saunas.
The Gay Police Association, Scotland's Equality Network and Stonewall Scotland have all raised significant concerns over the proposals.
Police Scotland said they would not want to see items of a sexual nature in saunas – but campaigners believe it would result in unprotected sex and higher rates of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections.
Nadine Stott, a board member of the charity Scot-Pep, which campaigns for the rights of sex workers, said: “This goes against all basic common sense. It also places Scotland really out of step with the rest of the world.
“The World Health Organisation (WHO) just last week released guidelines on sex workers and HIV that specifically stated where countries use condoms as evidence of sex work that should be stopped immediately.”
She added: “We are really shocked that, in private, the police have been quite clear to us. They said that the policy (on saunas) wasn't changing.
“We think this highlights how inappropriate the police are as a regulatory body of sex workers in a criminal context.”
A Police Scotland spokesman said: “Police Scotland recently provided reports to the Council Regulatory Committee in respect of a number of public entertainment licence renewals.
“In cases where there was evidence of criminality or premises operating out-with the conditions of their licence, objections were made to those licences being renewed.
“Police Scotland will continue to work with partners to inspect and report on licensed premises operating within Edinburgh in order to keep people safe.
“Whenever criminal activity, or licensing contraventions are detected within these venues, officers will respond appropriately and report all offences to the relevant authority.”
Last week the United Nations' HIV agency urged China to drop proposals banning people who are HIV positive from accessing spas and public bathhouses.
HIV prevention campaigners in the UK, such as the Terrence Higgins Trust, have long argued that restricting gay and bisexual men from accessing condoms in saunas is simply a counter-productive move. Rather than trying to stigmatise clients of such venues – UK policy is based on working with saunas in helping those most at risk with condom use, testing, and general HIV awareness.
Reds pitcher Tim Adleman (Photo: Sam Greene)
The Reds placed right-handed reliever Michael Lorenzen on the bereavement list before Tuesday's game against the Marlins and called up right-hander Tim Adleman to take his spot.
Adleman, 28, was scheduled to start Tuesday for the Louisville Bats. After going 1-1 with a 3.72 ERA in four starts for the Reds, Adleman was placed on the disabled list on May 20 because of an oblique injury. He has made seven starts for Louisville since starting a rehab assignment, going 1-1 with a 1.59 ERA. He was activated from the disabled list on Aug. 3 and optioned to Louisville.
The Reds have a spot in their rotation for Friday's series opener against the Dodgers after the demotion of left-hander Cody Reed, but have not made an announcement on who would start that game. Adleman, if not needed in the bullpen, would seem to be a likely candidate.
Players can be on the bereavement list for anywhere from three-to-seven games.
If you've been wanting to get your hands on the golden minifigures from Series 10, it looks like your chances are now harder. Announced at the London Toy Fair, these minifigures will be inserted into random packs. Flickr user, Ultron32's image, we now know there will only be 5000 of these exclusive minifigures which means they will be going for a very high sum on the secondary market. It images also states these next waves will be somewhat connected to various themes throughout the year. That statement probably means that there will be a Series 12 in line as well. We'll just have to wait and see how these new golden minifigs will impact the market. Will you be trying to pick up one of these minifigures?
LEGO Minifigures have returned with all new collectable characters to inspire and create new play scenarios! LEGO Minifigures are a high frequency LEGO icon with a low price point as a key driver for collectability. In Series 10, the Golden Minifigure will be revealed. In addition to the 16 unique characters, we will sprinkle 5,000 special Golden Minifigures throughout the World! Each Gold Minifigure will include a unique code that kids can log on to LEGO.com and track where and how many Golden minifigures have neen found!
Three new waves with multiple theme offerings which will allow LEGO minifigures to interact with other themes all year long.
**Via Brick Fanatics**
Late Sunday evening, Russel Lee was relaxing on his deck in Santa Rosa, CA, drinking a glass of wine. Then he smelled the smoke. He checked the local police scanner app on his phone and learned that wildfires blazing out of control were moving in on his four-bedroom townhouse in Northern California's Sonoma County.
The 63-year-old real estate agent and his wife, an artist, dug out their three cat carriers and frantically began packing some clothes, valuables, and important paperwork. At around 1 a.m., the police came banging on the door, yelling: "Get out now!" The Lees made it to a makeshift emergency shelter at the local veterans center, along with some folks who hadn't had time to change out of their bathrobes and slippers before fleeing.
Their home was burned to rubble, and they lost nearly everything—including one of their beloved cats, Alya, who refused to get into her carrier in time. His wife's artwork, much of which she had already sold online, was all destroyed along with the antique furniture that had been in his family for generations. The couple is now living in their motor home parked on their friend's driveway.
But despite their devastating losses, Lee and his wife know they were lucky.
Twenty-one people have died in the 22 large wildfires burning through seven counties, including the famed wine-producing areas of Napa and Sonoma, as of Wednesday, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection. About 3,500 homes and buildings have been incinerated by the blazes, which have ravaged about 170,000 acres, mostly in Northern California. (That's larger than the island of Manhattan.) The causes of the fires have not yet been established.
As firefighters struggle to contain the conflagrations, in the wine country north of San Francisco, it is clear that the region, an economic powerhouse for California, will continue to suffer long after the flames are extinguished and the human toll has been counted.
The disaster is expected to ravage the housing markets of this highly prosperous region, with slashed prices, scarce availability, and wrecked infrastructure—all factors that will need to be taken into account as displaced homeowners decide whether to return and rebuild, or leave the area for good. The multibillion-dollar tourist industry, and the jobs it provides, is also at risk. It's likely to take up to a decade to rebuild the homes, businesses, and essential services such as schools residents will need should they choose to return.
Wildfires are common in California, as well as the Western states of Washington, Oregon, and Colorado, in late summer and fall. But those burning in Northern California are unusual, says Tom Jeffery, a senior hazard scientist at CoreLogic, a real estate information company.
"When you have a wildfire occur in an area that's uninhabited, it can be a good thing for the environment. You have to have fires to have certain plants to reproduce" like certain pine species, he says. "[But] whenever you have homes exposed to it, then you have a potential disaster."
The median home price in Napa County was a whopping $876,200 on Sept. 1, according to realtor.com® data. In neighboring Sonoma County, the median home price was $750,000. But that was before the fires.
More than 172,000 homes are now at risk of going up in flames in the Napa and Santa Rosa metropolitan areas, which are usually not prone to wildfires, according to an analysis from CoreLogic. (Napa is the name of a town as well as of the surrounding county.) It will cost an estimated $65 billion or more to rebuild them.
Californians are just beginning to come to grips with the scope of the disaster.
"Multiple neighborhoods are burnt out," says Randall Bell, CEO of the national real estate appraisal firm Landmark Research Group, based in Laguna Beach, CA, which has assessed areas damaged by wildfires. "It's street upon street of just charred-to-the-ground moonscape. All you see are chimneys and foundations. It's a sad sight—and you see hundreds of them."
What will happen to the housing markets once the wildfires are extinguished?
Only about a quarter to half of the original residents whose homes were reduced to ash are likely to return and rebuild, Bell predicts.
"Emotionally they're overwhelmed. Financially, they're overwhelmed," he says. "When these fires come through, they don't just burn houses. They burn stores, restaurants, the churches, the schools. They burn everything. You may rebuild a house, but where's your infrastructure?"
Lee, the real estate agent whose Santa Rosa home burned down, doesn't plan to rebuild. He and his wife plan to move to Kentucky, TN, or North Carolina, where they have friends who might be able to find him work.
"I've started an insurance claim and hopefully I'll do well. ... [But] I'm a real estate agent and there's nothing to sell anymore," he says. "I'm starting over from scratch at 63 with achy joints and an achy back."
Even homeowners with insurance premiums may not get enough money to rebuild their entire homes to what they were before, Bell says. That's because the price of construction is likely to skyrocket with the extra demand for construction workers, for which there is currently a national shortage compounded by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, and building materials. Some will get loans, others will tap into their savings.
Those who do rebuild are in for the long haul. The area is expected to recover only about 10% to 15% each year, according to Bell. That means it's likely to take five to 10 years before homes, businesses (including employment and tourism), and the local infrastructure is back to normal.
Plus, they'll have to find a place to live while they rebuild—which won't be an easy feat.
"We had a housing crisis before the fire," says Santa Rosa–based Realtor® Daphne Peterson, of Keller Williams Realty. "We're in a very high-cost area. Our vacancy rate was about 1%. Now we've lost about 1,500 to 2,000 homes. We have no place for people to stay."
Homeowners who decide to sell won't have it easy, either. Those whose homes survived should expect the properties to sell at a 10% to 35% discount. That's because it's not as desirable to live near burnt-out houses or with fewer services and businesses nearby.
"People don't buy a house," Bell says. "They buy a neighborhood."
Meanwhile, properties whose homes were charred or destroyed altogether could see discounts as high as 60%, he says. Sellers should expect an army of investors, a combination of home flippers and landlords, to swoop in.
But the price breaks won't last forever. These will likely dissipate after about five years, he says.
"I know that it will all come back," says Sonoma-area Realtor David Kerr, of Terra Firma Global Partners. "People in the North Bay are resilient. They will get through this." But he worries about the farmhands at the vineyards and the other residents or workers who aren't quite so well off. "It's not going to be easy for [everybody]."
—————
How California's worst wildfires transformed one neighborhood
The Oakland Hills fire in 1991 was California's deadliest and most destructive, according to CoreLogic. Twenty-five people were killed and about 2,900 structures on 1,600 acres were destroyed in the blaze.
One of the neighborhoods that sustained serious damage was the Upper Rockridge area of Oakland. It had been a middle-class community of Tudors, Craftsmen homes, and California bungalows built in the early part of the 20th century on narrow streets before the disaster.
But after the wildfire, it became an opportunity for many of the residents who stayed, as well new buyers purchasing empty lots, to start over. Most of the rebuilt homes were much larger than their predecessors.
Today, "it's a highly sought-after neighborhood" of homes in the $1 million to $3 million range, says real estate broker Daniel Stea, of the Stea Realty Group in Berkeley, CA. The homes have been built to new fire codes, the streets have been widened, and there's now a fire station up in the hills nearby.
"It transformed the area," Stea says.
Score
0 / 0
Watch TV. Close! This is a good way to listen to British accents, but it's not the best answer! Stations like the BBC will provide you with high-quality programming to help you learn the basics of a British accent just by listening. The BBC has TV and radio programming! There's a better option out there!
Listen to music. Almost! This is a good way to listen to British accents, but there are other things you can do to practice! Listen to British singers and DJs to hear a variety of British accents. Who knows, you may even like the music! Try again...
Talk to other people. You're not wrong, but there's a better answer! If you have British friends or colleagues, ask them to have practice conversations with you as you practice your accent. Try not to be offended if they laugh! Try another answer...
Watch videos online. Try again! This is a good way to practice, but there is a better answer! Online videos can be helpful because you can speak along with them and pause when you need. Try recording yourself, too, so you can listen back to your own accent later! Try another answer...
Kerri Rawson, the daughter of the BTK serial killer who terrorized Wichita over 31 years, says her father made up some of the stories he tells in a new book that attempts to explain why serial killers kill.
There are several anecdotes that Rawson questions, all involving Paula Rader — her mother and Dennis Rader's wife.
In the book, Dennis Rader told the author, forensic psychologist Katherine Ramsland, that he liked to fantasize by dressing in a woman's slip at home and tying himself up so he could play the role of victim.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
Police say Paula Rader was innocent of any wrongdoing during her husband's crimes and was unaware of any of her husband's crimes until after police caught him.
She has never spoken to news reporters since her husband's arrest, and did not speak directly for this story. But those anecdotes prompted her to tell her daughter that her ex-husband made up stories.
SHARE COPY LINK Dennis Rader was a husband, a sexual pervert, a Boy Scout volunteer, a murderer, church leader, child killer, stalker. He terrorized Wichita for 31 years.
The book, “Confession of a Serial Killer: The Untold Story of Dennis Rader, the BTK Killer,” goes on sale Aug. 30. Ramsland says Dennis Rader wrote most of the book, with her giving it a narrative structure and an academic purpose. She talked with Rader by phone once a week for a year and read more than 100 of his letters.
More about BTK | Photos: Growing up with BTK | Dennis Rader's testimony | Four boys who grew up to catch a monster | When your father is the BTK serial killer, forgiveness is not tidy
Ramsland arranged for Rawson to obtain an advance copy of the book.
“Dad is clearly enjoying himself here,” Rawson said. “Being interviewed. Playing up his stories, feeding his ego and his narcissism.”
Reading the book upset her for a number of reasons, among them that Rader spent a lot of time discussing his family life.
Ramsland took this in stride, saying her purpose was to give criminologists, forensic psychologists and others some first-hand insights into a serial killer's mind, by relating the stories he tells, and how he tells them.
Rader said that twice his wife came home and found him tied up and dressed as a woman.
Rawson said she called her mother several weeks ago, after she read the two anecdotes about Paula surprising him in female clothes.
Talking with her mother about her father is always problematic, Rawson said.
“Mom is horrified by what my Dad did to those people.
“So when I asked her about these stories, I said, ‘Hey, did you ever catch him dressed up like that?' And she got real quiet. And after a few seconds she said, very quiet, “No, that never happened.'
“So I thought, well, it's a terrible thing, what happened, so maybe Mom is just pushing it down in her memory. And when this supposedly happened, Mom's got two little kids to raise, and is financially dependent on Dad.
“So I said to her, ‘Well, Dad is pretty clear about it in what he wrote – that he dressed up in women's slips, and in bondage.' And Mom said, ‘No. No, no, no. That wasn't true. It did not happen.' ”
Rader also claimed that his wife found a draft of a BTK poem written after he murdered Shirley Vian, which was intended for the police.
“Shirleylocks! Shirleylocks! Wilt thou be mine. Thou shalt not screem ...” it began.
“My wife actually found my drafts on Shirleylocks,” Rader told Ramsland. “I was working on them in the living room one evening. She came home, so I quickly stuffed them in the pocket of the easy chair. I forget about them. She later, while cleaning, asked about them.”
Rader says he told Paula that he and other students were studying BTK in a college class he was attending at Wichita State University. “She didn't ask anything else about it.”
Paula says this story is also made up, Rawson said.
“Mom is not the type to lie,” Rawson said. “Dad has told many lies. He said different things when he was arrested, different things when he was in court, different things after he went to prison.”
“He's a psychopath,” she said. “You can't take anything he says as truth.”
Police detectives also say much of what Rader says in the book are lies or exaggerations stemming from Rader living constantly in a fantasy world.
“I've talked to Paula several times,” said Tim Relph, one of the Wichita police detectives who captured Dennis Rader. “Paula is a good and decent person. If she had seen anything like that book says, she'd have told us. So if Paula says it didn't occur – it didn't occur.”
“She's been downplayed by some people as some sort of ignorant Christian person,” Relph added. “But her only mistake in life was to care for Dennis Rader.”
Rawson grew up with her father, her mother and her brother, Brian, in Park City, where Dennis Rader worked as a code enforcement officer.
‘Make of it what you will'
When asked in a letter from The Eagle whether he'd made up stories, Rader declined to answer, in a polite reply. Perhaps he and his family could settle this question in letters to each other, he wrote. “Not sure how Dr. Ramsland addresses this,” he wrote.
Ramsland said it's possible Rader made up or exaggerated stories.
“It may be that it didn't happen, but in my world it doesn't matter,” she said. “What matters is how he tells how it happened.
“We also know that each person who comes to the material will have their own memories, their own interpretations, their reason for why they want it to be a certain way.
“And that's OK. I'm not going to defend that it's the truth, but to show that this is how he said it – and you can make of it what you will.”
Jewelry
Another story Rawson found in the book was her father describing the sexual high he achieved while strangling Nancy Fox in 1977 – and how he says he debated afterward what to do with jewelry he stole from Fox.
He thought about giving the jewelry to Paula.
“I thought, no, I'm not going to give it to my wife, that's too cruel,” Rader said in the book. “I thought about giving it to my daughter once. And I maybe did give it to my daughter. But I don't think so. I think I still have it.”
Rawson was horrified.
“Thanks so much, Dad,” she said. “He gave me some of Fox's jewelry? Crap! As far as we know, we don't have any jewelry from murdered people. But we don't know for sure.”
Rader says in the book that he has little or no relationship to his once-close family.
“Although I'm not dead,” Rader wrote Ramsland, “to the living world and my family I'm a lost soul.”
ISLAMABAD: Just as Pakistan was celebrating the launch of Chinese investments worth $46 billion in the country, the militant organization Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) on Monday claimed to have successfully test fired its first indigenously developed missile named as "Omar-1". To justify its claim, the TTP , which has presence across the country and currently resisting Pakistani troops in the volatile tribal regions on the border with Afghanistan, has issued a statement and posted a video demonstrating the launch of missile.In the video, different parts of the missile were assembled before its launch. The TTP said that special feature of "Omar-1" is its design.“It can easily be assembled and dissembled in accordance to the situation,” said Muhammad Khurassani, the TTP spokesman. Khurassani said the effectiveness of the specially-designed missile would certainly surprise the targeted enemy. “With the grace of God, you'll soon see our enemies on the run,” he said.The spokesman further said that engineering unit of the TTP has the capability to develop modern lethal weapons. “We are training our fighters to get maximum results from the use of technology, including suicide vests, suicide vehicles, hand grenades, anti-jammer devices and so on.Pakistan claims to have killed around 2000 militants in the military offensive launched against them in the troubled North Waziristan and Khyber tribal regions last year. The operations, that still continues, had caused exodus of more than 1.5 million people.Since engaging the militants on ground, Pakistan's military failed to have arrested or killed any high profile militant leader.
Norwich City sign midfielder Graham Dorrans on loan from West Brom
West Brom's Graham Dorrans. Photo: Barrington Coombs/PA Wire. PA Wire
West Brom midfielder Graham Dorrans has joined Norwich City on loan.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The Scotland international's initial loan deal will run until Sunday, March 22 – the day after Nottingham Forest's visit to Carrow Road.
The 27-year-old joins the Canaries from Thursday and will be available for Saturday's Championship clash at play-off rivals Watford.
Dorrans had come close to signing for City on transfer deadline day, in a reported exchange deal involving Norwich full-back Martin Olsson going to West Brom.
That deal collapsed late on deadline day, with Olsson and his agent said to have been unimpressed by the terms they were offered, but Dorrans will now arrive at Carrow Road.
“I'm glad to finally get it sorted,” Dorrans told City's website. “I came here on the last day of the transfer window and for whatever reason it didn't work out.
“I've been in discussions ever since then, so although I was frustrated it never got done on the final day hopefully now I can add to a good squad.
“I spoke to the manager and a couple of the boys, and they had nothing but nice things to say about the club. The manager and everyone here is working to get this club back to the Premier League, and I'm excited to be here.
“With the fans right behind us, hopefully we can do that as we've got some big games coming up. I'm looking forward to getting started, and to helping us push on.”
Dorrans has made 189 appearances for West Brom, scoring 25 goals, 18 of which came in a hugely successful 2009/10 season as the Baggies won promotion to the Premier League.
City boss Alex Neil added: “Graham has got Premier League pedigree and was West Brom's player of the season the last time they were at Championship level.
“He's a fantastic, attacking player and also a very versatile player who will certainly add to our options in midfield areas.”
The news follows hot on the heels of more positive news for the club, after it was confirmed that midfielder Bradley Johnson had signed a new contract.
Wayne LaPierre, CEO of the National Rifle Association, appeared on Fox News Sunday just days after testifying during a congressional hearing on gun violence, to stoke fears that President Obama will disarm “law-abiding citizens” of their most basic weapons.
“During the campaign, when [Obama] said to people, ‘I will not take away your rifle, shotgun, handgun.' They leafleted the country with flyers like this, ‘Obama's not gonna take your gun,' ‘Obama will protect gun rights,'” LaPierre said. “And now he's trying to take away all three.”
Host Chris Wallace pushed back on LaPierre's accusations, confirming that shotguns were never a target for tighter gun restrictions.
“Have you looked at the Feinstein bill that he's supporting? That's exactly what it does,” LaPierre fired back, referring to the renewed assault weapons ban California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduced last month. The bill bans the sale and manufacturing of more than 150 types of military-style weapons, which expands on the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban that expired in 2004.
LaPierre continued: ”I think what they'll do is they'll turn this universal check on the law-abiding into a universal registry of law-abiding people. And law-abiding people don't want that.”
Wallace did not let LaPierre skate by with his claims. “There's nothing that anyone in the administration has said that indicates they're going to have a universal registry,” he said.
“And Obamacare wasn't a tax until they needed it to be a tax,” LaPierre retorted.
“I don't think you can trust these…” he added, trailing off.
In another heated exchange, the Fox News host lashed out at LaPierre for suggesting that President Obama's children were under the same kind of threat as other children in America.
“That's ridiculous and you know it, sir.”
As Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez struggles to recover from surgery, Cuba may have the most say over who succeeds him.
A parade of relatives and senior Venezuelan officials have been in Havana this week to visit Chávez, stricken with a severe respiratory infection following his fourth cancer surgery last month. But the Chávez lieutenants also appear to be holding meetings with senior Cuban officials about how a succession will unfold should the Venezuelan leader be incapacitated or die, according to experts.
One of Chávez's visitors this week has been Vice President Nicolás Maduro, Chávez's chosen successor and also Cuba's favorite. But so has Maduro's chavista rival, Diosdado Cabello, president of the National Assembly, whose power base is the Venezuelan military.
“They are sitting down with [Cuban President] Raúl Castro and other senior Cuban officials about how a transition will happen. The conclusion is that Chávez won't be able to return,” said José Cárdenas, a former US State Department official. In an email exchange, Cárdenas also said, “The Cubans are decidedly behind Maduro. Cabello is the wild card in play.”
Others who have visited Chávez this week have been his elder brother, Adán, who is governor of Barinas state; his son-in-law Jorge Arreaza, who serves as minister of science and technology; and his oil minister, Rafael Ramírez.
On its face, Havana's meddling is surprising. Cuba is utterly reliant on Venezuela for its oil supply and its financial stability. But Chávez feels an unusual affinity and a respect for both Fidel and Raúl Castro, from whom he has accepted political advice over the years, experts say. As part of their relationship, Cuba has gained direct influence while dispatching medical and sports personnel to the country, says Stephen Johnson, a former senior US defense official now at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
“Among all the doctors and sports trainers Cuba has sent to Venezuela are also intelligence specialists who sit as advisors within Chávez's inner circle and are spread out within the military,” Johnson told me. “Maduro is close to them and Cuba. Cabello in the National Assembly is not. Cuba has a lot riding on the question of succession.”
A good deal depends not just on who succeeds Chávez as the governing party's head, but on whether Chávez himself survives the next few days. Cabello faces re-election tomorrow (Jan. 5) as head of the National Assembly—the person who, should Chávez die or be ruled incapacitated before his presidential inauguration on Jan. 10, will assume power until an election is held, within 30 days. Should Chávez be inaugurated but die afterwards, it's the vice president who takes over. So if Cabello retains his post tomorrow, says Johnson, it would be a blow to Havana.
One figure who, unsurprisingly, has not been seen in Havana is Henrique Capriles, the opposition leader, whom Chávez beat in the October presidential election. The Cubans and the chavistas are no doubt mindful that Capriles could now be a formidable candidate, since he beat Cabello in an election for governor of Miranda state in 2008 and was re-elected to that post in November.
Opposition politicians are chafing at Havana's involvement. Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma said on Jan. 3, “Venezuela isn't a colony of Cuba.”
Late on Jan. 3, the Venezuela government sought to tamp down the rising speculation over Chávez's condition with a statement read on national television. Information Minister Ernesto Villegas said, “Chávez has faced complications as a result of a severe respiratory infection. This infection has led to respiratory deficiency that requires Commander Chávez to remain in strict compliance with his medical treatment.” Villegas said speculation regarding Chávez amounts to a “psychological war” against Venezuela with the aim of “destabilizing the Bolivarian republic.”
Raider Direct-To-Armor Panel.
Modern armor systems, whether comprehensive protective ensembles or high mobility plate carriers are heavy but inherently balanced and stable. This characteristic gives them structure to support a laden chest rig. Since armor is ubiquitous in military operations, there are a lot of advantages to running a chest rig directly attached without a harness.
We call this concept “Direct-To-Armor.” And you're going to be seeing a whole lot more of it from Down Range Gear.
Chest rigs allow for the separation of load carriage from armor. There are many situations where armor is necessary but a fighting load is not. The chest rig also frees the user from layout and configuration limitations where the useful PALS (MOLLE) space is constrained by the size and shape of the armor system. Chest rigs keep the load in the user's workspace.
A distinct advantage of the Direct-To-Armor approach is the quick disconnect feature. Configured properly, it functions and feels like a part of the armor system. On the surface, the two characteristics might seem contradictory, but Direct-To-Armor represents a new approach for users with a need to separate armor from load carriage yet run the two in an integrated manner.
After years of experience developing the Chest Rig/ Armor Interface Kit, which adapted third party, off the shelf chest rigs for armor attachment, the decision was made to take the lessons learned and build them into a chest rig from the ground up. Geared towards military users, the Raider Direct-To-Armor panel is the culmination of extensive experience in this area.
This latest iteration advances the design.
The Raider panel is designed to take maximum advantage of the armor system as a load bearing platform. It sacrifices standalone function to realize the benefits of armor integration, making the harness unnecessary.
The attachment system is what makes it all work. The Raider panel supports Direct-To-Armor with four balanced points of attachment designed to clip in quickly.
Vertical attachment supports the load; the Raider panel utilizes two 1” ITW Nexus GhillieTex side release buckles for this. Latch (male end) buckles are sewn into the chest rig at two points. The panel tapers down from the buckles, angling off to the sides distributing the load evenly across the top. They clip into ITW QASM (female) buckles anchored onto PALS loops using QASM Vertical Connectors. This allows the vertical attachment points on the armor system to be positioned and fitted to the end user.
Horizontal attachments stabilize the load, not taking on weight so much as balancing the panel out and pulling it flat. On the Raider panel, this is done with PALS Shock Cord Anchors. Widely spaced grommets position the cord to pull evenly on the top and bottom edges of the panel. Shock cord is the preferred method because the constant, elastic tension requires no manual adjustment and is properly balanced every time. The cord tethers either an ITW G-hook or ITW GTSR buckle to the panel. G-hooks attach directly onto PALS webbing loops and are held in place under tension without the need for a additional hardware. This means that when the chest rig is not attached, it leaves no footprint. The ITW GTSR latch (male) buckle requires a compatible QASM buckle but provides a level of clip-in ease that can only be had with a side release buckle. The low profile QASM must necessarily remain on the armor system even when the chest rig is removed. Each attachment method has advantages and disadvantages. The Raider Direct-To-Armor panel will ship with both buckle systems along with spare cord and hardware to give the end user choice, and peace of mind.
The size and shape of the Raider panel were given a great deal of consideration. The primary concern is PALS space for pouch attachment. It's a matter of how much and in what configuration. 3 rows (height) are a basic, minimal standard for most ammunition and accessory pouches and provide the user with the most versatility. The columns (width) were determined by the need to fit a footprint of three magazine pouches with two accessory pouches on either side.
The angled sides and undercut center also make for easier access to internal storage. The entire internal volume of the Raider panel is accessible with three pockets arranged symmetrically and accessed from the top center, left and right of the panel. The angled sides improve access to the side pockets. The undercut center also makes it easy to index the middle space. The interior pockets are subdivided internally to help with organization. Finally, the back of the panel has three, open top, flat pockets who's size and layout correspond to the internal volume but are easier to get to.
All seams are sewn twice, with additional passes for critical, high stress areas.
This version of the Raider panel utilized a single layer of 1000D Cordura fabric, splitting the difference between lightweight and overbuilt “bombproof.” Despite the interest in 500 weight fabric construction, there remains a lot to be said for the abrasion resistance of sturdy, proven 1000D fabric, though lightweight 500D variants will be made available.
Just after 8 p.m. on a Tuesday in December, a police cruiser pulled a U-turn in the middle of the 100 block of East Hastings.
Next to a fenced-in urban garden and down from the Insite safe injection site, half a dozen young men stood around, smoking and handling skateboards outside two bright red doors. Inside, 12 skaters dropped into a 45-foot-long ramp build into the narrow brick hall.
article continues below
The SBC Restaurant — an indoor skate park at the former Smilin' Buddha Cabaret — is the only one of its kind in Vancouver since opening at 109 East Hastings Dec. 1. A hand-printed sign on the door reads “everyone's welcome” and the address is sprayed on the door in black paint.
“We anticipate that there's going to be a lot of people who are going to want to skate at this place,” said Andrew Turner, one of three founders and owners of the SBC.
“We've had about 100 people skating around in the three days that we've had it opened. And the ramp can handle about 20 people at a time max, so it's been operating at close to capacity for most of the time that it's been open.”
Parks board chairperson Sarah Blyth, who got her political start organizing the Vancouver Skateboard Coalition, said SBC is a welcome addition, especially as the temperature drops and wet winter weather sets in.
“We've needed one for a very long time,” she said, noting one of the early goals of the coalition was to create an indoor park. Leeside, a sheltered tunnel near Hastings Park, is a popular destination but it's not heated.
SBC runs in two-hour sessions from 3 to 5 p.m., 5 to 7 p.m. and 7 to 9 p.m. Each session costs $10.
Famed in the 1950s as the Smilin' Buddha Dine & Dance, the venue became a cabaret favoured by seasonal labourers (it hosted “girlie” shows and served cheap bar liquor) and then emerged as a destination for psychedelic and experimental rock as well as the underground punk and hardcore scenes in the '70s and '80s. Jefferson Airplane, Jimi Hendrix, 54-40 and DOA all played the Smilin' Buddha.
This week, the Heritage Vancouver Foundation recognized the Smilin' Buddha, “the destination for edgy music in Vancouver,” for helping shape the city's identity and named it a place that matters. Its famous neon sign of a reclining, large-bellied Buddha sitting beside a steaming hot pot, is in the permanent collection of the Museum of Vancouver.
A skate park is a natural reincarnation for the neighbourhood cabaret, said Bev Davies, a photographer who arrived in Vancouver in 1968 and became a talented, blonde fixture in the city's music scene.
“It's part of that same underground culture,” she said. “It maintains its street cred. Culturally, it's the same anti-establishment culture that punk rock was part of. Did I say was? I mean is.”
The hall today is a long corridor of painted brick, sparse lighting, stenciled posters and graffiti. A large poster of the illustrious namesake neon sign hangs on the wall. The children of the late cabaret owners, Nancy and Lachlan Jir, are divided in their support of the reincarnation of the Buddha title. Two of their daughters were expected at the SBC on Wednesday for a Vancouver Heritage presentation. A “place that matters” plaque will be installed at a later date.
The space was forgotten as a derelict dump until it was revived. Turner, his brother Justin and Malcolm Hassin approached city officials nearly three years before signing the lease.
“We wanted to make sure it was going to go over,” said Turner. “We didn't want them to be alarmed or surprised that we were here.”
The centrepiece of the SBC, the six-foot ramp with pool coping and a seven-foot wall ride scales down to three feet to accommodate different skill levels. The ramp is actually a hybrid creation from other dismantled parks, including, Turner said, “parts of the Richmond skate ranch, Expo 86 ramp, Kevin Harris's ramp, Malcolm's little back yard ramp…
“We built everything. It's recycled, salvaged materials because we did it with no money.”
There's also pieces of the “crack pipe,” a Powell Street ramp built indoors by the folks at the Antisocial skateboard shop.
“So there's like six or seven different ramps that went into making this place, which is pretty cool,” Turner said.
The SBC can also host live music.
mstewart@vancourier.com
Twitter.com/MHStewart
Lawmakers Introduce Reality-Based Plan to Achieve “Freedom From Oil”
Members of Congress of all stripes are trying to show that they're concerned and responsive to the financial strain caused by high gas prices. Some are recommending more oil drilling. Some want to end subsidies to oil companies. Today, members of the Congressional Livable Communities Task Force suggested that providing more diverse transportation options to more people might help.
“Here in Washington, DC, when gas prices spike, people have choices,” said Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-OR), chair of the Task Force. “They can take a bus, Metro, bike, Capital Bike-share, walk, cab, drive. It's a wide range of [choices] and it actually minimizes some of the sticker shock. But unfortunately, about half the American population doesn't have an environment they live in that provides those choices. Too much of America is dependent on a pattern that imagines that we will always have an unlimited supply of inexpensive gasoline, and government policies in housing and road transportation reinforce that.”
Blumenauer and other members of the Task Force introduced a report this morning called “Freedom From Oil: Policy Solutions From the Livable Communities Task Force.” It's an impressive product from a Congressional task force, many of which exist in name only. The more than two dozen members of the Livable Communities Task Force, all House Democrats, strive to make the federal government a better partner with communities to promote “cost-effective, environmentally friendly solutions to infrastructure problems” and “coordinate transportation, housing, and environmental policies and investments.”
The lawmakers of the Task Force said increasing oil drilling in the U.S. will never have an appreciable effect on world oil prices, because the price of oil is determined globally and the U.S. supply won't be sufficient to make a significant difference.
“Here's the harsh reality: The United States is never going to have control over world oil supplies or gas prices through drilling,” said Task Force member Rep. Lois Capps (D-CA). “We simply don't have the oil supplies, no matter how much we drill. What we do have is the ability to control prices by lowering our consumption and giving American families new transportation choices.”
Rep. Jim Moran, a Democrat from Northern Virginia, boasted about Arlington's livability program, including contiguous bike trails, bike racks, and transit-oriented development. “It's the only way to effectively work against this monopolistic control that for too long the oil companies have had over America's policies and priorities,” Moran said.
The Freedom From Oil policy recommendations are:
Set clear national priorities for our transportation system, including a strategy and performance measures for reducing oil consumption.
Require Metropolitan Planning Organizations to evaluate the effects of new transportation projects on regional petroleum consumption.
Promote Pay-As-You-Drive insurance, allowing consumers to pay less if they drive less.
Encourage lenders to use transit accessibility and location efficiency as a factor in mortgage rates, taking into account the reduced spending on gas and making it easier to purchase a home that allows transportation savings.
Provide consumers with information about the transportation costs associated with the location of a house through a tool like the Transportation and Housing Affordability Index
Use the tax code to encourage businesses to offer comprehensive commuter benefit programs that level the playing field for alternative, non gas-dependent transportation.
Increase federal funding for transit, including allowing capital funds to be spent on operations, helping transit agencies deal with increased fuel prices without compromising service or access.
Increase funding for “Safe Routes to School” programs so that parents and children have the option to get to school safely without driving.
Support “Complete Streets” policies that design streets for all users, making it safer for people of all ages to travel by bike, foot, or public transportation.
Authorize the Office of Sustainable Communities at the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and provide funding to the Partnership for Sustainable Communities so that the agencies can continue to provide technical assistance, planning, and capital support to communities.
Continue to increase fuel efficiency of passenger vehicles, which could save drivers the equivalent of $1.00-1.70 per gallon of gas.
Increase investment in alternative fuels like electric vehicles, which could save drivers $1000 in fuel costs each year.
Republicans often say theirs is an “all of the above” energy strategy, including drilling, nuclear, and alternatives. But as Moran pointed out, “the same people that vote for big oil subsidies also seem to vote against public transit.” Dan Weiss of the Center for American Progress Action Fund calls Freedom From Oil the real “all of the above” strategy – “not oil above all.”
While over the last few years, most transportation bills have been introduced with the intention that they would be folded into the reauthorization, pessimism that a bill will pass this year has changed that.
“The reauthorization is going to be a challenging task,” Blumenauer said. “I would not place any bets on seeing reauthorization happen anytime soon. But there is no reason these principles cannot be employed in legislative vehicles that are moving through Congress.” He suggested that taxation or energy legislation could be that vehicle.
From a distance the bizarre structures sprouting from the high Alentejo plain in eastern Portugal resemble a field of mechanical sunflowers. Each of the 2,520 giant solar panels is the size of a house and they are as technically sophisticated as a car. Their reflective heads tilt to the sky at a permanent 45 degrees as they track the sun through 240 degrees every day.
The world's largest solar photovoltaic farm, generating electricity straight from sunlight, is taking shape near Moura, a small town in a thinly populated and impoverished region which boasts the most sunshine per square metre a year in Europe.
When fully commissioned later this year, the £250m farm set on abandoned state-owned land will be twice the size of any other similar project in the world, covering an area nearly twice the size of London's Hyde park. It is expected to supply 45MW of electricity each year, enough to power 30,000 homes.
Portugal, without its own oil, coal or gas and with no expertise in nuclear power, is pitching to lead Europe's clean-tech revolution with some of the most ambitious targets and timetables for renewables. Its intention, the economics minister, Manuel Pinho, said, is to wean itself off oil and within a decade set up a low carbon economy in response to high oil prices and climate change.
"We have to reduce our dependence on oil and gas," said Pinho. "What seemed extravagant in 2004 when we decided to go for renewables now seems to have been a very good decision."
He expects Portugal to generate 31% of all its energy from clean sources by 2020. This means lifting its renewable electricity share from 20% in 2005 to 60% in 2020, compared with Britain's target of 15% of all energy by 2020. Having passed its target for 2010 it could soon top the EU renewables league.
In less than three years, Portugal has trebled its hydropower capacity, quadrupled its wind power, and is investing in flagship wave and photovoltaic plants. Encouraged by long-term guarantees of prices by the state, and not delayed by planning laws or government indecision, it has proved a success. Firms are expected to invest £10bn in renewables by 2012 and up to £100bn by 2020.
However, Portugal says it wants to develop a renewables industry to rival Denmark or Japan. When the government invited companies for tenders to supply wind, solar and wave power, it demanded they work with manufacturing companies to establish clusters of industries.
This is a great success, say regional governments. In northern Portugal, where the world's biggest wind farm, with more than 130 turbines, is now being strung across the mountainous Spanish border, a German firm employs more than 1,200 people building 600 40-metre-long fibreglass wind turbine blades a year.
The turbines are earmarked for Portuguese farms first, but orders are being taken from Britain and other countries. Half the workforce are women who once worked in the declining textile industry.
It is Portuguese plans for wave power that are prompting the most interest in Europe. The world's first commercial wave farm is being assembled near Porto. Three "sea snakes", developed by the Edinburgh-based company Pelamis, will shortly be towed out to sea and will start pumping modest amounts of electricity into the grid later this year.
It is the start of a potentially giant global industry with Portuguese firm Enersis planning to invest more than £1bn in a series of farms that together would power 450,000 homes.
Pinho dismisses nuclear power. "When you have a programme like this there is no need for nuclear power. Wind and water are our nuclear power. The relative price of renewables is now much lower, so the incentives are there to invest. My advice to countries like the UK is to move as fast as they can to renewables. With climate change and the increase in oil prices, renewables will become more and more important.
"Countries that do not invest in renewables will pay a high price in future. The cost of inaction is very high indeed. The perception that renewable energy is very expensive is changing every day as the oil price goes up."
He added: "Energy and environment are the biggest challenge of our generation. We need to develop a low-carbon model for the world economy. The present situation is dangerous."
EU renewable league
Top
Sweden 2005 39.8%, target by 2020 49%
Latvia 34.9%, target 42%
Finland 28.5%, target 38%
Austria 23.3%, target 34%
Portugal 20.5%, target 31%
Bottom
Cyprus 2.9%, target by 2020 13%
Netherlands 2.4%, target 14%
Ireland 3.1%, target 16%
Netherlands 2.4%, target 14%
Belgium 2.2%, target 13%
UK 1.3%, target 15%
To the Elected Officials of the Greater Astoria Area,
We, the undersigned, request that you contact the NYC Department of Education in support of the entire P.S. 122 community as well The Academy for the Intellectually Gifted. As you know a plan has been created to phase out The Academy that for over twenty-five years has been the home for the gifted middle school students of District 30. With this plan, P.S. 122 will become a K-8 school. Along with these changes will come issues of overcrowding (increasing the middle school population by more than 50%) and cuts in resources and enrichment courses offered. This plan not only decreases the amount of gifted seats in the entire district, it destroys a successful program that ranks amongst the highest in NYC and New York State. In the process it will compromise the elementary school, at P.S. 122, that provides a strong foundation for our children. Unlike this most recent plan that will weaken all of the District's schools, we ask for your support in strengthening all District 30 schools.
Taking antidepressants during pregnancy may increase the risk of a preterm birth, according to a recent study.
Researchers from Brigham and Women's Hospital, Vanderbilt University, MetroWest Medical Center and Tufts Medical Center found that antidepressant medications taken by pregnant women are associated with increased rates of preterm birth, according to a press release.
"Preterm birth is a major clinical problem throughout the world and rates have been increasing over the past two decades. At the same time, rates of antidepressant use during pregnancy have increased approximately four-fold," Krista Huybrechts, the study's lead author, said in a statement. "Therefore it is essential to determine what effects these medications have on pregnancy."
For the study, researchers conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of 41 published studies that evaluated women who took antidepressants during pregnancy and had information on gestational age at birth.
The majority of the 41 studies they reviewed showed increased rates of preterm birth in patients taking antidepressants. The association was strongest with use in the third trimester. There was no evidence of a beneficial effect or reduction in preterm birth with antidepressant use.
"We ... found that the available scientific evidence is becoming clearer that antidepressant use in pregnancy is associated with preterm birth," Adam Urato, study's senior author and a Maternal-Fetal Medicine specialist at Tufts Medical Center and MetroWest Medical Center, said in a statement. "The complication of preterm birth did not appear to be due to the maternal depression but rather it appears likely to be a medication effect."
Children born preterm have higher infant mortality rates than full-term babies and surviving infants are at increased risk of health problems ranging from neurodevelopmental disabilities such as cerebral palsy and intellectual delays to other chronic health problems like asthma.
Preterm birth is the leading cause of infant death and it is also a major contributor to both short and long-term illness," Urato said. "While very preterm infants have the highest risk, we now know that even later preterm birth is associated with significant increases in neonatal morbidity and mortality."
Their findings were published in the journal PLOS ONE.
In the wake of the ISIS terrorist attack in Berlin, Germany on Monday, many of the county's right wing politicians have laid the blame at the feet of Chancellor Angela Merkel because of her lax immigration policies. It was something MSNBC whined about that same day. On The 11th Hour Tuesday night, disgraced news anchor Brian Williams fretted for what is meant for Germany and all of Europe. “This could turn out to be the tractor-trailer that affects all of Europe and you know how,” he exclaimed to NBC News Terrorism Analyst Evan Kohlmann.
“Merkel has let in shy of a million refugees,” Williams noted, “If this is proven to be one of them or someone radicalized by one of them it could tilt the German election, the German election could have a cascade effect.”
Kohlmann feared that the damage by the right wingers had already been done, “I think the fact is, the effect has been achieved. I mean, if you look at the reaction of extremist politics within Germany, the reaction is already there.” He argued that their reaction was exactly what ISIS wanted, “They've achieved what they want.”
He claimed that, for years, the west has not given them a victory in terms of turning on Muslims. But asserted that the reality of Williams' concern would turn that around, and hand ISIS and Al Qaeda a big win:
It never happened, they never achieved that. It would be very sad after all these years of preventing that and of stealing that victory from Al Qaeda and ISIS, because that's when they see this as, a victory. We should not hand that to them now. It's very sad to see that.
Other expert analysis from Kohlmann includes blaming Belgium society for the airport bombing back on March 22. In December of 2015 he implied Donald Trump was an American Hitler. And he also smeared a French right wing party, declaring they were “as much of the problem as jihadists are.”
What Williams seems to overlook is that fact that; if Merkel was voted out of office in a popular election, it would be the will of the German people. The negative for the left is that it would be yet another would power turning against their agenda.
Transcript below:
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
"We have followed the history of Marie Antoinette with the greatest diligence and scrupulosity. We have lived in those times. We have talked with some of her friends and some of her enemies; we have read, certainly not all, but hundreds of the libels written against her; and we have, in short, examined her life with– if we may be allowed to say so of ourselves– something of the accuracy of contemporaries, the diligence of inquirers, and the impartiality of historians, all combined; and we feel it our duty to declare, in as a solemn a manner as literature admits of, our well-matured opinion that every reproach against the morals of the queen was a gross calumny– that she was, as we have said, one of the purest of human beings."~from History of the Guillotine by John Wilson Croker, 1844
In part “Graduation” is the product of those efforts. It is his most eclectic album, drawing on a wide musical palette, including classic rock and dance music. And these musical shifts coincide with Mr. West's developing his interests in other areas. He nods to hipster culture with an album cover designed by the Japanese pop artist Takashi Murakami and an alternate video for “Can't Tell Me Nothing” starring the alternative comedian Zach Galifianakis, who filmed it at his North Carolina farm after he was personally solicited by Mr. West. Mr. Galifianakis lip-syncs to the song as he drives a tractor, accompanied by the indie-rocker Will Oldham and a troupe of clog dancers.
“He likes branching out and doing these odd things with his music,” said Mr. Galifianakis, who added that he tried to connect Mr. West and Mr. Oldham to discuss a potential collaboration. “It also expands his reach a bit.”
Mr. West is no longer just concerned with being popular; he also wants to be cool. But given the double-digit decline in rap sales this year and Mr. West's status as one of few bankable hip-hop superstars, it's a potentially risky time to be broadening, or diluting, his palette. Rap loyalists may blanch at his new directions, but Mr. West has never been solely beholden to rap fans or to rap modes of thought. While other hip-hop stars (50 Cent, Timbaland) have been flirting lately with pop collaborations to extend their brands, Mr. West has succeeded in large part by imposing his ornate style of hip-hop onto the mainstream.
And sometimes on rap fans as well. His current single, “Stronger,” which samples the innovative French D.J. duo Daft Punk, has been well received. “For hip-hop stations that actually play some progressive hip-hop, this is a good thing for the genre,” said Ebro Darden, program director of Hot 97, the New York FM radio station, of Mr. West's sometimes unconventional reference points.
A native of Chicago, Mr. West emerged on the hip-hop scene six years ago as a traditionalist producer, resurrecting the dusty sounds of early 1990s New York-style rap and polishing them to a pop sheen. But while clearly steeped in hip-hop's sonic traditions, he was an outsider to its lyrical ones, rapping on “The College Dropout,” his 2004 debut, about higher education, class struggle and his own self-doubts in ways particular to his middle-class upbringing. (His mother was a college professor, his father a photojournalist.) The result was a success with both hip-hop's mainstream and its alternative (or “backpacker”) wing. (Mr. West wore a backpack, but it was by Louis Vuitton.) “Late Registration,” his follow-up from 2005, tackled similar subject matter and was more musically adventurous and ostentatious.
To date his most successful songs — “Jesus Walks,” “All Falls Down” and “Gold Digger” — have centered on larger ideas, but overall the tracks on “Graduation” are less conceptual, and less orchestrated, than his previous work. He samples Elton John and Mountain and includes a piano jam, “Homecoming,” featuring Coldplay's Chris Martin, which recalls early Billy Joel. The album's subject matter hops from casual boasting (“Barry Bonds”) to an ode to Jay-Z, Mr. West's friend and mentor (“Big Brother”), to the self-explanatory (“Drunk and Hot Girls”). In parts, like the astral “Flashing Lights,” he is at his best, but unlike his previous albums “Graduation” doesn't completely cohere.
Photo
As he listened to “Graduation” tracks at Chung King, Mr. West was so swaggering and loudmouthed that he seemed to absorb all of the energy in the room. But in between bouts of fist pumping he made earnest eye contact with the engineers and musicians and other people around him, clearly seeking approbation. “He understands what people can bring to him, and he's not scared to reach for that,” said Alain (A-Trak) Macklovitch, Mr. West's D.J.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Time and self-reflection seem to have sanded down some of his rougher edges. While he is still given to pronouncements about his greatness, he no longer appears to be waging war. Recently the rappers Beanie Sigel and 50 Cent taunted him publicly, but Mr. West didn't snipe back.
Jay-Z, the rapper and president of Def Jam Records, Mr. West's label, described some of his friend's old behavior as “overcompensation.” Now Mr. West has realized “he doesn't have to fight for that respect,” Jay-Z said. “He believes he has his just due. It's growth.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Darden said he thought Mr. West had become “smarter and more strategic in his movements,” and Mr. West does seem increasingly aware of the multiple audiences he would like to cultivate. To wit: the “Graduation” song with the most “blatant hit-recordness,” as Mr. West called it, is “Good Life,” a relaxed, airy, radio-friendly collaboration with this year's cameo king, T-Pain. But in a nice twist, the video for that song was directed by Mr. West's former nemesis, So Me. The two have even been spotted together at the trendy Los Angeles dance club Cinespace. If you can't beat them, co-opt them.
Still, Mr. West doesn't always get it right. “I mess up so much,” he said of his forays into fashion, art and the like. He pontificated at length about some of his missteps, particularly with style. (The lavender tuxedo he wore to the 2007 Grammys is a particular sore spot.) “For me to not be on the Vanity Fair best-dressed list, it's good,” he said. “It's motivation. Some people are gifted at specific things, but I had to develop a certain taste level. The thing I'm most talented at is the ability to learn.”
Mr. Macklovitch has witnessed that curiosity. “I've seen him, in Japan, go to the bookstore and spend hundreds of dollars to learn about art or architects,” he said. “There's kind of a naïveté there sometimes, but this guy is trying to learn about the world.”
Mr. Murakami, the artist, echoed the sentiment. “His pursuit of uncompromised detail made me feel at times like there was another me besides myself,” he said via e-mail through a translator.
Not all of Mr. West's new reference points are so studiedly cool, though. “I've got to make music like a little kid,” he said of his pop instincts. “That's what made me successful to this point.” He seeks out new musical inspiration not on BET but on VH1. The mainstream rock bands the Fray and All-American Rejects are among his favorites. He heard the snare drum he used on “I Wonder,” a song from the new album, while shopping for furniture at Moss.
“I love TV on the Radio's production,” he said, referencing the critically acclaimed Brooklyn indie-rockers, “but man, at the end of the day, Keane and the Killers have bigger hooks.” Mr. West stops, considers, then laughs. “The last thing I need now in my quest to be cool is for somebody to think I dissed TV on the Radio.”
In early August Mr. West went to MTV for an afternoon taping of “TRL,” which doubled as a news conference for this year's MTV Video Music Awards. Mr. West was nominated in five categories, and the slate of nominees seemed almost tailored to his personal tastes, hip-hop stars like Timbaland, Rihanna and Akon on one side and ascendant hipster faves like Lily Allen and Peter, Bjorn and John on the other. (Mr. West will perform with Ms. Allen at the awards ceremony in early September, and he collaborated with Peter, Bjorn and John two weeks ago at a festival in Sweden.)
In the best video category, up against Mr. West's “Stronger,” was a familiar name: Justice, nominated for the inventive clip for “D.A.N.C.E.” It looked like an obvious trap, and for a moment it seemed certain that Mr. West would fall right into it. “If anyone goes to YouTube and sees the video that I lost to, you'll see that I was robbed,” he told the cameras, referring to last year's upset.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But in the end he didn't take the bait. “I would feel better to lose to this video right here, because this video is completely genius,” he said of “D.A.N.C.E.,” with what sounded like honest enthusiasm. “I think my video's the best, but, you know, I could respect that.” It wasn't quite humility, but it was a start.
Paul Ryan speaks to CBS News (screen grab)
US House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday he was trying to be as constructive as possible as he looked forward to a Thursday meeting with presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump aimed at unifying the fractured party.
But Ryan, the most high-profile Republican who has not endorsed Trump, warned that bringing party factions together would take some time after a grueling primary season. This suggested there might not be instant results from his get-together Thursday with Trump and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus.
Trump's takeover of the Republican Party has shaken the party's establishment and prompted soul-searching over whether to reluctantly get behind him or cede any role in the Nov. 8 presidential election, when Hillary Clinton is expected to be the Democratic nominee.
Trump faces pressure to tone down his rhetoric and clarify his policy positions as a step toward unifying the fractured party. Some Republicans were alarmed at his talk of raising taxes on the wealthy.
But Ryan also faces some pressure to smooth things over after saying last week that he was not yet ready to support Trump, an extraordinary statement that was seen as keeping some distance from the presumptive nominee and leaving open his prospects about running for president in 2020.
“What we are trying to do is to be as constructive as possible, to have a real unification,” Ryan told reporters Wednesday after a meeting with his fellow House of Representatives Republicans.
“After a tough primary, that's going to take some effort. We are committed to putting that effort in,” said Ryan, who said he does not really know Trump.
“I want to be a part of that unifying process so that we are at full strength this fall, so that we can win this election. We cannot afford to lose this election to Hillary Clinton,” Ryan said.
Ryan, 46, a conservative congressman since 1999 who ran unsuccessfully for vice president in 2012, and Trump, a billionaire real estate developer, are very different Republicans who don't see eye to eye on many things, from immigration to trade.
But Ryan said on Wednesday that these differences are not at issue, because “this is a big tent party. There is plenty of room for different policy disputes in this party.”
On Tuesday night, Ryan spoke by phone for about 16 minutes with a Trump emissary, former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson, according to Carson spokesman Armstrong Williams.
Some Republicans have been rankled by Trump's policy proposals, including his declaration that NATO is obsolete and his call to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country.
Trump has the potential to appeal to a greater number of Republican voters but must make changes to make party leaders more comfortable with him, Republican officials and lawmakers say.
“I think he has to show what kind of president that he would be,” Senator Susan Collins of Maine said. “But I believe he can do that, so I am not one who has foreclosed the possibility of eventually supporting him. But I need to see more from him.”
After Ryan said last week he was not yet ready to support Trump, Trump fired back that he was not ready to support Ryan's agenda. On Wednesday, Trump had warm words for Ryan and said he thought they were doing fine.
“We'll see what happens” at the meeting, Trump told Fox News. “If we make a deal, that'll be great. If we don't, we'll trudge forward like I've been doing.”
(Reporting by Steve Holland and Susan Cornwell; Additional reporting by Megan Cassella; Editing by Will Dunham and Andrea Ricci)
Former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev declared in an interview with radio station Echo Moskvy that if the crisis escalates to another war, this war will be the last.
© AFP 2018 / JANEK SKARZYNSKI NATO Not to Cooperate With Moscow in Usual Format Until Minsk Obligations Fulfilled - Obama
NATO leaders agreed on Friday to deploy military forces to the Baltic states and eastern Poland while increasing air and sea patrols to demonstrate readiness to defend eastern members against the alleged ‘Russian aggression.'
Mikhail Gorbachev reportedly said after the summit that the decisions made at NATO summit in Warsaw should be regarded as a preparation for a hot war with Russia.
On Saturday, Gorbachev told Echo Moskvy in an interview that he sticks to what he had said earlier and that he considers NATO decisions short-sighted and dangerous.
"Such steps lead to tension and disruption. Europe is splitting, the world is splitting. This is a wrong path for the global community" He said. "There are too many global and individual crises to abandon cooperation. It is essential to revive the dialogue."
According to the ex Soviet President, by irresponsibly deploying four multinational battalions to Russian borders, "within shooting distance", the alliance draws closer another Cold War and another Arms Race.
"There are still ways to…avoid military action." Gorbachev stressed. "I would say that UN should be called upon on that matter."
He also called on Moscow not to respond to provocations but to come to the negotiating table.
"In the current situation…all political, economic, diplomatic and cultural forces should be engaged to pacify the world. Mind you, the next war will be the last."
Guide to play the Chinese Open Beta from 2nd to 6th June
Ok guys here's the guide.The first thing is that the new Red Tides needs to be installed separately compared to the Red tides that you have on Steam.You can download the client from the link here :I found that installing the client in my C:\Program Files(86) did not work, so you will want to install it somewhere else.Now the tricky part, is getting an account.The first thing you need to do is install an app on your phone called WeChat, it's a messaging app by Tencent that's highly used in China.After that, you need to scan the QR Code that you can find in the website here : https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/PoChf2AeTT6qwVutdf_7LQ How to scan the QR Code?In WeChat, when you open the app, there should be a '+' button at the top right corner. Click that and then there is an option to Scan the QR Code.Align your phone camera with the QR Code in the website link, and then you're good!Now go back to the WeChat main page.You should be able to see two chat groups that you have, one is Subscription Accounts and the other is the WeChat Team.Click the Subscription Accounts. You should be able to see a chat with Red Tides logo with some chinese text. Just click that as well.Now here read the instructions carefully.There should be 4 menu items at the bottom, one is the sign for a keyboard, and the other three are chinese text.Now first click the last one ( the right most chinese text menu item ), there should be a pop up with two chinese text menu items, click the first one ( the one above )Then you should receive a text message.Now the text message will be in complete mandarin, except for a part where there is 'cmdr' with some numbers. Your username is the entire text, including the cmdr letters ( and the numbers ), while everything after the '/' will be your password, including the 'rt' letters and the numbers.Now go back to the game folder which you installed, launch the gslauncher.exe, and choose the third option Login with other accounts, when logging in enter in your username and password, and voila, you should be in! ( Don't worry about needing to enter your username and password everytime, the game client will auto-fill it in for you )Remember that the game will only be on from 2nd -> 6th June, and you can only play it from 1600 to 0200 hours GMT+8If you're having trouble, feel free to join our discord channel to get help.P.S All credit goes to the player tankz who helped me find out all this info.
A few years ago a reporter called to ask for my response to an incident he had observed while doing a story about the closing of the Roy Rogers Museum in Victorville, California.
While getting local opinions about the closure of this once-popular attraction, he approached a Hispanic woman sitting in the bar of a neighborhood lounge. He asked her what she thought about this “end of an era” event. She said, “There's a revolution going on here and it doesn't include any Roy Rogers or Bob Hope.”
I told the reporter that she was being very candid and accurate in her assessment of the what was happening. Not only in Victorville, but in the country as whole.
Indeed there is a revolution going on in America. It is a revolution of subnational identities against what was the predominant Anglo-Protestant culture.
This movement started in the 1960s and was exacerbated by the passage of the Immigration and Nationality Act in 1965. The legislation eliminated national quotas in favor of what is called “family unification.” What it led to was a wave of immigration that has resulted in over 40 million newcomers; a number far greater than the total of all previous years of our history. It also helped speed the process of the deconstructing of America.
The legislation had a powerful supporter in the person of Senator Ted Kennedy, who saw it as a way to change the face of America that he and other liberals deemed to be too white. Long before Obama, the cult of multiculturalism was affecting national policy. The cult substituted diversity for unity as the overriding national value. They started a war on English as the common language, and the founding fathers as idealistic and courageous patriots.
Of course, they also saw the political advantage of tribalizing America. Victimized sub groups could be exploited for votes and party loyalty. This political calculus requires a constant supply of “victims” in order to maintain political power. Massive immigration of unskilled, low wageworkers who were resistant to and encouraged to avoid assimilation, provides the replenishment of the underclass and must be maintained to avoid slipping back into an E pluribus unum America.
And I should add that I don't believe that pluribus has to be defined to mean that the “many” have to be white. Indeed, in the past we were able to maintain a common idea of America, an American Creed if you will, because the assimilation process was an integral part of the immigration phenomena and it wasn't dependent on the color of the immigrant's skin.
Whether or not it depends on an immigrant's religion is another question. Can Muslims who adhere to Sharia law be expected to excise that part of their faith where it is incompatible with the Constitution of the United States? Should they be required to do so as a condition of admittance? Your answer to that and the whole issue of massive immigration without assimilation depends on whether you believe the American culture can, or should be saved.
I've always found it typically hypocritical of the left to champion the importance of retaining all aspects of one's culture, including its language, for all cultures except America's.
Whether or not the revolution that the customer in that Victorville bar referred to has succeeded or whether Donald Trump's election is the beginning of the counter revolution are questions, the answers to which will certainly determine what the term “American” will define.
Brixten Dyer already in jail on unrelated charges
Police have identified a suspect in a shooting last month that left a 20-year-old man dead outside Winnie Palmer Hospital.Brixten Dyer, 19, is already in the Orange County Jail on no bond for unrelated armed robberies.Police did not say how Dyer was identified as a suspect in the shooting case.Mazzan and a friend were leaving Orlando Regional Medical Center on May 19 after visiting two friends when they got into an argument with people inside a car.Most watched video: Toddler with scars from dog attack asked to leave KFC, family saysDyer is accused of pulling out a gun and shooting Mazzan -- the father of an 18-month-old son.Images: Police investigate shooting near hospitals
Police have identified a suspect in a shooting last month that left a 20-year-old man dead outside Winnie Palmer Hospital.
Brixten Dyer, 19, is already in the Orange County Jail on no bond for unrelated armed robberies.
Police did not say how Dyer was identified as a suspect in the shooting case.
Mazzan and a friend were leaving Orlando Regional Medical Center on May 19 after visiting two friends when they got into an argument with people inside a car.
Most watched video: Toddler with scars from dog attack asked to leave KFC, family says
Dyer is accused of pulling out a gun and shooting Mazzan -- the father of an 18-month-old son.
Images: Police investigate shooting near hospitals
AlertMe
“Westworld” ended its first season Sunday night. By the next morning, it was already reaping accolades. The big-budget sci-fi series from executive producers and creators Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy was one of five television dramas nominated for a 2017 Writers Guild Award Monday.
Nolan and Joy spoke to Variety about the finale, their plans for Season 2, and why the show won't be back until 2018.
Spoiler alert: This article includes spoilers from the season finale of “Westworld.”
How dead is Ford?
Jonathan Nolan: Oh, he's dead.
Is he “Anthony Hopkins is available for pilot season” dead?
Nolan: Working with Anthony Hopkins on this season of TV has been one of the greatest pleasures and privileges for Lisa and me in our careers. It's been an incredible experience, and we'll see where our story takes us.
Did he know before signing on that Ford would die at the end of the season?
Nolan: Lisa and I doled out the information about the characters to the actors in moments, trying to keep the story as fresh and present for them as possible. Obviously sometimes you need to go a little bit further so that the actor is properly equipped. Here because so much of the season is about Ford's intentionality and his plan for his new narrative, because this is a tragic figure here, it made sense for Lisa and I to engage with him from the beginning to engage with him in this conversation about how this is a scene of television that is in a sense a prologue to the larger story that we're telling. In this narrative Ford is God. This is the death of God as the jumping off point for our story but also a full meal to itself. We were very straightforward with Tony from the beginning.
Related Writers Guild TV Nominations: ‘Stranger Things,' ‘Westworld,' ‘This Is Us,' ‘Atlanta' Break Through How ‘Westworld' Overcame Setbacks to Shine as HBO's New Tentpole
We've perceived Ford to be one type of person, and at the end he reveals himself to be a different type of person in terms of how he feels about his creations and how he feels about his own life's work.
Lisa Joy: Only a titan like Anthony Hopkins could have done all the nuance that he embedded in this series. His character in my mind is always a little bit of Prospero in “The Tempest.” You think his plan involves one thing. You kind of underestimate him. Then you see this glimmer of malice and menace that you didn't anticipate, so he goes to being the villain. Then by the end you realize that this is in some way about atonement for him and that he's chosen this very difficult road because he believes it's the only road in which he can atone for the mistakes of the past.
We got confirmation in the finale that the show takes place on multiple timelines, which had been hinted at strongly in previous episodes. How did you settle on that structure?
Joy: I think the key is to let it grow organically from the concept and the characters. Even though it is a very complicated, twisty set of reveals, this is the one show in which it is totally organic to what they're experiencing. You have a group of hosts who are basically immortal, and the fundamental thing that is holding them back is memory. Unlike humans, who have these imperfect memories — we can't really conjure events in all the detail they occur — the hosts have a different problem. They're able to bring back the exact replica of that memory so lifelike and engrossing in detail that it's impossible to distinguish today from tomorrow or yesterday.
Nolan: This is not the first time I've written about amnesiac characters. I remember talking to my brother [Christopher Nolan] about “Memento” and how I was intending to structure that as a short story. I wanted to write it as a deck of cards and then shuffle that to make it completely, aggressively non-linear, because that was that character's understanding of the world. Here we had the unique opportunity to try to illuminate some of the differences between how an artificial person might understand the world, and especially an artificial person who had been artificially held back in terms of their understanding of the world in order for us to facilitate us being able to do whatever the f–k we want to them.
At this point there aren't many humans to kick around anymore. Most of them are either dead or missing or revealed to be hosts. Going into Season 2, will you be focusing even more on the hosts, with the humans relegated to either helper or adversary roles?
Nolan: Not necessarily. One of the great things about this omnibus, ensemble storytelling that HBO has mastered is the ability to shift that perspective and find empathy for different people, and that's something that we want to continue to play with throughout.
Where are you at in terms of work on the second season?
Joy: We've started working on scripts and outlines. It's looking good. It's looking very ambitious. There are some surprises and bits of it that you won't see coming. I'm having fun.
Nolan: It's an ambitious project, and HBO has encouraged us to take the time and resources that we need to work on each stage of that. I love television. One of the fun things about television is that sometimes you find yourself in this place where you have to wear all these hats at once. You have to write, shoot, and cut simultaneously. We wanted to in the second season spend some more time writing, then switch gears into production, then cut. So we're not going to follow the annual year-on-year tradition of television. Television's changing. And the ambition of the project is such that we're going to take our time to get the second season right.
So a longer gap than viewers might be expecting between seasons.
Nolan: We won't be on the air until 2018. We started that conversation with the network when were shooting Episode 2 and we realized the complexity of trying to write and produce the show at the same time. We both work in the movie business as well, and in the movie business the best that you can possibly hope for with a film franchise is to turn around another installment in two or three years. So really on that schedule, we're doing great.
Joy: We're racing ahead.
Finally, “SW” stands for Samurai World, right?
Nolan: Stay tuned.
Pre-season sessions in F1 are often seen as not representative of the actual balance of power between the teams, as proved by 2016.
Ferrari headed both weeks of early-2016 running in Barcelona, but was powerless to challenge Mercedes over the regular season.
But Lauda insisted there would be no gamesmanship from the Silver Arrows this time around as, with the new, more aggressive regulations arriving, the team will want to know where it stands in the pecking order before the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on March 26.
"The Barcelona tests will be used to get to know the new rules during the first four days [February 27 - March 2]," Lauda told Swiss newspaper Blick. "The four days between the testing sessions will be used to develop updates.
"Then, from March 7 to March 10, we will do business. This time nobody will hold back and only show their cards at Melbourne. This time we want to know where we are on track."
"Delighted" by new car
Lauda also gave an extremely positive assessment of Mercedes' new challenger made for the 2017 ruleset, saying the car looked "awesome" in the factory.
"I saw it when it was still under basic construction," he added. "I was delighted from the start.
"The broader car with its bigger tyres looks awesome. The fans will like it for sure."
Additional reporting by Stefan Ehlen
Yoga and Life:
Yoga is derived from the word “yuj” which means “to join” or “union”. This definition works in many levels: on the physical level it means to join the body with the mind, on a mental level it means to join the conscious with the unconscious. But the ultimately yoga works on the spiritual level and here it means to join the individual (prakriti) with the divine (purusha). The key to reach the highest goal of Yoga, that is self realization is not simply through factual knowledge, but through a dedicated practice.
The tradition of Yoga describes many techniques to reach this ultimate goal, in this way it is able to accommodate the beliefs and temperaments of all people. It is important to understand that if we have to practice Yoga seriously, a bit of all these techniques will have to be integrated based on our lifestyles and our personality.In this article we are attempting to convey how a common man while doing his daily activities can practice Yoga.
Hatha Yoga:
So, let us begin with the body. The body is a very important vehicle for Yoga, it is described as the “temple of God” and it is very important to maintain its health and well being. Hatha Yoga describes postures or asanas for maintenance of physical health and emphasizes the importance of obtaining physical health before embarking on a spiritual journey. Through the asanas (postures), pranayamas (breathing techniques), kriyas (cleansing techniques) and meditation, the body is cleansed and returned to a healthy state. During this process the practitioner becomes more aware of the connection between body and mind, he begins to learn to control the mind and thus initiates the journey inwards. This journey ultimately leads him to the divine, which resides within all of us.
Karma Yoga: Yoga of Action
Karma Yoga refers to the practice of Yoga through perfection in action. It is about performing our daily duties and work with complete involvement, and not expecting any fruits from it. In other words, if we have to play the role of a mother, according to Karma Yoga, we have to do it with full involvement not expecting any rewards from it. The same holds true when we have to play the role of a spouse, an employee, a friend etc. Hence, Karma Yoga is probably the easiest practice of Yoga for a common man, and something that can be done 24 hours a day.
Bhakti Yoga: Yoga of Devotion
The Yoga of devotion is called Bhakti Yoga. It is directing all emotion andexpressing devotion to any form that one regards as divinity incarnated. This divinity is not defined in yoga and can take on any form – a great saint, a Guru etc. The specific form is unimportant; it is the devotion that we personally feel that is important. Most religions of the world are actually based on the principles of Bhakti Yoga. This devotional path is an excellent means of giving direction and release to emotions and feelings, which tend to be pent up or suppressed. Through devotion, the emotions are released and channeled inwards making the mind one- pointed. If this path of devotion does not come naturally and sponateously, it might help the practitioner to look at another path.Only if one is devotionally inclined, can one follow the path of Bhakti Yoga.
Kriya Yoga: Yoga of Energy
This energy is called “prana” and is not mere physical energy but the life force or the vital force, which gives us what, is called ‘Life'. To understand how important this energy is, we must acknowledge that when this energy disappears, we are dead. Kriya Yoga is very practical. It is done by practicingAsanas (Physical postures), Pranayama (manipulation of breath), Mudra (gestures), Bandha (physio psychic locks), Mantra (special sound pattern which can produce subtle impact and change ) and psychic passage awareness. There are elements of Kriya Yoga in the Hatha Yoga practice but one must really dive deep to experience the wonderful and enlightening benefits of Kriya Yoga.
Jnana Yoga: Yoga of Intellect
This is probably the most difficult path to Yoga but for few people, it is natural. This Yoga is about development of intuitive faculty. It requires a strong will power and an overwhelming obsessive desire to find answers. The answers are not to be gained by reading, but through experience and self enquiry. A Jnana Yogi first of all needs to throw out all concepts, dogmas and ideas that are not known to be true through personal experience and then must start enquiry. Therefore, the path of intellect is about pursuing an enquiry through thick and thin until the answer is realized.
These are the five basic forms of Yoga. For different people one form may be easier to practice than the other. We must try to inculcate some elements of each practice in our daily lives but also find one and dive deeply into its practice so that we can move ahead in our journey of self discovery through Yoga.
Shreyas Introduces yoga retreats in India to learn Traditional Yoga Practices Visit Shreya's Yoga Retreats.
Pamper yourself with traditional Aurveda Massage and Rejuvenation Spa Retreat in India. Special Ayurvedic Treatments at Shreya Yoga Retreats.
Stay in Touch On Facebook :- http://www.facebook.com/ShreyasRetreat
Follow us :– http://twitter.com/shreyasretreat
By night, Gaby streams Magic on Twitch. By day, she's co-founder and VP of Content at Dose, the Chicago-based media company behind Dose.com and OMGFacts.com.
"Here comes the Dinos,
Here comes the Dinos and I say . . .
It's all right."
Battle for Zendikar, Oath of the Gatewatch, Shadows over Innistrad, and Eldritch Moon are rotating on September 28, and with those departures come lots of changes to the Standard format. Away go the undead and the Eldrazi. It's time to saddle up your Dinosaurs!
Today we're taking a look at the upcoming Standard rotation and which decks of the format will feel the biggest impact.
Zombies
Zombies are dead (again). This deck will take by far the greatest hit when rotation comes around; you can't exactly have a Zombie hoard without enough Zombies.
Losing Cryptbreaker is painful. This card grants the deck an ability to grind and a card-drawing engine to boot. It was relatively common for Zombie decks to decline an attack phase in favor of drawing a card. It also helped Zombie decks prevent flooding by discarding lands to Cryptbreaker.
Liliana, the Last Hope is also a meaningful loss. Not only could she recur threats from the graveyard, but sometimes Zombie decks could run away with games if Liliana was not dealt with and was allowed to ultimate.
Black decks also lose access to Grasp of Darkness, a premium removal spell; Dark Salvation, a removal spell that also advanced their game plan; and Transgress the Mind, a powerful sideboard card against many decks in the format.
Overall, Zombie decks are gonna take a big hit after rotation and will need some serious help in the creature and removal departments to continue being competitive.
Mardu Vehicles
While Vehicles was a mechanic introduced in Kaladesh, Mardu Vehicles is losing a couple of team players from the deck.
Thraben Inspector played double duty in Mardu Vehicles. It provided a pilot for Aethersphere Harvester while also replacing itself with a Clue. You can't really ask for much more from a one-drop.
Losing Gideon, Ally of Zendikar is also painful. Gideon is strong enough to see play in both Standard and Modern. It's one of the best cards in Standard based on raw power level. It's hard to imagine Mardu Vehicles getting a planeswalker that will fit as well as Gideon did.
The other meaningful loss for Mardu Vehicles is its creature lands.
The creature lands were an insurance policy against flooding, since eventually they could start attacking. They were also powerful against control decks, especially after a board sweep, and they could crew a Vehicle in a pinch.
Ramunap Red
Transform
For the most part, Ramunap Red is untouched. The deck is losing two borderline one-drops. A large number of Ramunap Red decks don't even run the Messenger and/or Gorger, so Ramunap Red can continue along its merry way.
Temur Energy
Temur Energy doesn't bat an eyelash at rotation. The deck is only losing a couple of cards, and most of them are sideboard cards.
Radiant Flames was great at dealing with small creatures, especially against a fast deck like Ramunap Red. Chandra, Flamecaller and Tireless Tracker were both good options against control decks, helping grind and provide card advantage. While losing This is certainly annoying, Temur Energy will have no issues remaining competitive.
Black-Green Aggro/Control
The black-green decks have evolved constantly throughout the format. Here are some of the biggest losses with rotation:
Black-green decks come in all shapes and sizes. It's true that Ishkanah, Grafwidow isn't at a peak at the moment, but it was a powerful top-end card that will no longer aid the more controlling flavors of black-green decks.
Grim Flayer is also at a low point, but it's a powerful card that has fallen in and out of favor through various times this Standard format.
Green decks lose a powerful two-drop in Sylvan Advocate. It's good on offense, defense, and even becomes a late-game threat by pumping itself and any Hissing Quagmires (which black-green will also be losing).
These decks will also miss Oath of Nissa, a great card for smoothing out your draws, and Traverse the Ulvenwald, a way to fix mana and find threats in the late game.
Even with all the tools that black-green is losing, this is the kind of deck that people like to play and is often good in many formats. I'm sure black-green will make a return with Ixalan, even if it looks significantly different than it does today.
Blue-Red Control
This deck is mostly unaffected by rotation. It will have to replace some of it lands, like Wandering Fumarole (and Sunken Hollow, if the deck is splashing for Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh).
Red-Green Ramp
The all-you-can-eat buffet was bound to end, and Ulamog's hunger has finally been quenched. Red-Green Ramp decks are taking a big hit by losing both creatures they ramp to.
This problem might be solved if Ixalan brings some big critters (hopefully big Dinos?), but the Eldrazi provided something valuable to the ramp decks. Both Ulamog and World Breaker had cast triggers, which the creatures from Ixalan might not necessarily have. These triggers meant that even if their big spells didn't resolve, they would still get the benefit of exiling their opponents' lands and/or permanents.
The other meaningful loss for Red-Green Ramp is their lands and ramp spells. Sanctum of Ugin could help a draw that was threat-light and tutor up another Eldrazi in case the first one was dealt with. This could potentially mean the deck casts its first threat, but if that's dealt with, it might lack a way to close out the game. If Ixalan brings a good land or two, this deck should be in fine shape, but it will definitely need a bit of help.
White-Blue Control (Approach of the Second Sun)
For the most part, white-blue control is unaffected by rotation.
Blessed Alliance is very good against Ramunap Red. Gaining life against red is big game; so is having them sacrifice a creature. White-blue always finds ways to deal with small critters, so while this is annoying, it's not the end of the world.
The nice thing about Blighted Cataract is that you can use it to speed up your Approach of the Second Sun kill once you've cast the first Approach. That said, this card is by no means necessary for the overall game plan of White-Blue Control.
These cards are typically in the sideboard, and while very powerful, are not necessary for white-blue to function properly.
Overall, it seems this rotation will bring some meaningful changes to Standard. Zombies, Gideon, Ulamog, and creature lands will be gone. If your deck played none of these, maybe it'll be time to shine! What are you excited to see in Ixalan when the set is released September 29? Are there cards you're excited to see leave this rotation? You can let me know on Twitter @gabyspartz or on my stream at twitch.tv/gabyspartz.
EW: Matt, are your kids Team Simpson or Team Griffin?
GROENING: When my son Abe was 14, he came home from school and said, “You know, everybody at school loves Family Guy. And they say Simpsons is over.” He was taunting me. I said, “We were here before Family Guy!” I got really defensive, and he's like, “Yeah, well, Family Guy is what everybody likes.” I said, “Yeah, tell Family Guy to buy you an Xbox.” He said, “I wish Seth MacFarlane was my dad!” That was a joke, and I thought, “That was good for a 14-year-old.”
MACFARLANE: At the time I was what, maybe 28? That would've just been weird.
EW: Your shows have taken jabs at each other over the years. Peter was wanted for plagiarism in a Simpsons episode. And Family Guy had a DVD joke in which Stewie sings about “the guy who watched The Simpsons back in 1994 and won't admit the damn thing isn't funny anymore.” But it seems like the rivalry has grown friendlier. Last season Dan Castellaneta and Hank Azaria did cameos on Family Guy, and Seth, you guest-starred on The Simpsons. How competitive did it get between the staffs? Has this all been blown out of proportion?
MACFARLANE: I think that was you guys [in the media]. You guys loved that s—. I don't ever remember being anything but a fan of The Simpsons. When Family Guy came out and it found its audience eventually, these were two animated shows that were sort of the only shows of their kind on TV. So I think there's a natural desire to stir up trouble on the part of the media. I continue to have such regard for that Simpsons writing staff. I always felt that way.
GROENING: I never felt any [animosity]. I have more in common with Seth than I do with everybody I work with. [Laughs] We both created a show, you know? I like cartoons. I want there to be more cartoons. Both shows make fun of stuff, so we have to make fun of the guy next door. If you can make the person who disagrees with the joke laugh, then it's good. If it's just preaching to the choir, then I don't like it as much. That's my measure for doing political jokes on the show: Can we make a Republican laugh?
MACFARLANE: We abide by the same rules. We would never want to upset Sarah Palin.
EW: Let's talk about the crossover. People are joking that hell is freezing over.
GROENING: That's the title, isn't it?
EW: Was that one of the many reasons to do it? Did you just want to make fanboys' dreams come true?
MACFARLANE: I think it's a more practical thing. It's: Who was going to be the person to initiate it? Because both shows are busy and it's a big undertaking. Rich Appel, who wrote for The Simpsons, ran King of the Hill, and is now co-running Family Guy—he was the one guy who had lived in both worlds and really spearheaded this.
GROENING: Let's be honest, we both wanted to do King of the Hill crossovers.
MACFARLANE: You need somebody who can be in that room and say with experience, “No, no, I wrote for this show—that's not something Homer would say.”
EW: There's that meta joke at the beginning of the episode where Chris is watching a crossover and says, “A crossover always bring out the best in each show! It certainly doesn't smack of desperation! The priorities are always creative and not driven by marketing…”
MACFARLANE: You never know what you're going to get. That Flintstones/Jetsons crossover was never as thrilling as I think I had hoped it would be when I saw it as a kid, but this feels like it will be very satisfying to fans of both shows.
Matt Groening/Seth MacFarlane
EW: So what is the key to a good crossover episode?
MACFARLANE: It's really about the character interaction. People want to see Peter interact with Homer. They want to see Bart interact with Stewie. In a way, the story in a crossover episode, while it has to be there, is never quite as important as how the characters interact with each other. There's that Deep Space Nine episode where they go back in time to the old Star Trek. It was an amazing piece of production where they took the characters from that series and greenscreened them flawlessly—and this was like the early '90s—into the “The Trouble with Tribbles” episode of the original Star Trek and it was, like, mind-blowing. And the story was kind of flimsy because there were so many characters to deal with, but it was exciting to see the characters interact with each other.
GROENING: In this case, it's two really vivid shows and seeing what they can do together. You want to see them having a good time and you want to see Peter Griffin and Homer Simpson duke it out.
MACFARLANE: It does help too that Family Guy emerged from a world that The Simpsons created in the animation industry. Family Guy began as a show that set out to speak the same language, in a way that every sitcom of the '70s set out to speak the language of All in the Family. So, when you put them in that world, you're not dealing with something that's all that foreign.
EW: What was it like for you to see these characters interact, especially when they start saying each other's punchlines and borrowing each other's bits?
MACFARLANE: The extreme to me of that is Stewie calling up Moe, which I'm sure the Huffington Post and even your magazine will attack us for. But in context, it's pretty funny. [After watching Bart make a prank call to Moe, Stewie asks Bart if he can try it, calling back and saying, “Hello, Moe? Your sister's being raped!” before hanging up and asking a speechless Bart, “Is that…is that one?”]
EW: What did you think of that joke, Matt?
GROENING: First of all, we've run out of prank phone calls, so the fact that you can visit that well, that's something we haven't done in a long time. That's pretty good.
EW: Seth, was there one thing where you said to the writers, “I want to see this happen in the episode”?
MACFARLANE: The only thing that I remember saying is “You gotta have Stewie go after Nelson.” Because Stewie idolizes Bart in the episode. It's a way for Nelson to get his comeuppance undeniably. [There's] this kind of Taken scene where he's got him bound and gagged and he's going to exact vengeance for Bart. My thing was: Get each character interacting with their counterpart.
EW: The episode pokes fun at the idea that Family Guy is derivative of The Simpsons and The Simpsons is old and not funny anymore.
GROENING: Wait a second, they say we're not funny anymore? I'm sorry—this crossover is canceled!
EW: Do those opinions and message-board comments from fans that both shows aren't what they used to be got under your skin at all?
GROENING: I think we can both say without fear of contradiction that we live by comments and our mood is completely dictated by strangers.
MACFARLANE: With an animated show, because nobody ages and you're not confined by sets, I think you can go longer than a live-action show and really survive. I don't know any show that I've ever seen that had its best years after season 7. If you're being honest with yourself, a show that is in season 12 or season 20, you start to confront that. You can either just kind of coast or you can continue to try to surprise your audience. Regardless of how they're perceived, I do feel like both shows are continuously trying to surprise their audiences. That was why we killed Brian for three episodes.
GROENING: And could you believe that people fell for it?
MACFARLANE: There was a lot of anger. A lot of anger. The comments that I read were “You caved to fans—that's why you brought him back.” I realized, You don't know how the shows are produced, do you? It takes a year to do each one.
GROENING: I like the idea that there are fans out there who are like, “I will never watch another episode of The Simpsons.” And now they have to. [Laughs] Just so they can rail against it.
EW: The episode has an epic chicken fight between Homer and Peter. Tell us honestly: Who'd win an arm wrestling match?
MACFARLANE: These are two guys who are not in shape. That's a very tough call. You'd have to get them both off the couch.
GROENING: They both would cheat, right?
MACFARLANE: Probably. They'd both be too intoxicated to get their elbows up.
EW: Matt, if you could steal one character from Family Guy and import him/her to the Simpsons universe, who would you take? Seth, I'll ask you the same thing.
GROENING: Well, I'm really jealous of the chicken—the whole chicken-fight thing. But I guess Stewie. Just comedy gold.
MACFARLANE: Oh gosh, I would probably take Mr. Burns. That's a character that just always amused me.
EW: You can see him in Stewie.
MACFARLANE: Stewie comes from Rex Harrison first and foremost, but I would be lying [if I said] there wasn't a shred of Mr. Burns' influence. He was just always a character that got a nice big laugh out of me when he emerged and throughout his run. If I couldn't have Mr. Burns, I'd take Leonard Nimoy.
GQ's February issue
Courtesy GQ.
“It's white girls only.”
This is not a line from pre-1964 at some segregated whites-only facility. No, it's something that I hear all too often today, in crazy liberal Los Angeles, as a nonwhite model.
See also: The “Hottest Women of the 21st Century” list in February's GQ. Next to the main breakdown of attractive women, the magazine had separate categories for “Hottest Indian Chick,” “This Year's Hottest Chinese Chick,” and even “Hottest Pregnant Sri Lankan.” “The seemingly arbitrary racial callouts have people squirming,” noted a Yahoo Shine writer under the headline “GQ Publishes Offensive ‘Hottest Women' List.”
If you've only started squirming now, welcome. Ethnic and racial segregation is the norm in the entertainment industry. Castings, the first gateway to media representation, are almost always specific in this regard. Caucasian, African-American, Asian—casting directors don't seem to have any qualms announcing which race or ethnicity they want their model or actress to be.
If you are casting for, say, a Jane Austen character, it makes sense to ask specifically for white talent. But when race is completely nonrelevant to the role, like a model for an insurance advertisement or a car commercial, casting directors will still often specify for Caucasian.
One look at the rosters of talent agencies can confirm this. Factor Women is one of the top modeling agencies in Atlanta, where 54 percent of the total population is black as of the 2010 census. Interestingly, of the 48 female models the agency has listed on its site, only 10 of them appear to be black. In other words, less than 21 percent are black in a city where black is the majority.
In bigger cities like Los Angeles, where the population is roughly 72 percent white, the disparities are still evident. Ford Models in LA is another top agency. It has 162 female models listed on its roster—145 of them appear to be of Caucasian background. Even with nearly three-quarters of the city's demographics being white, that's still an over-representation.
“You can't be what you can't see,” is how Marie Wilson, founder of the White House Project, put it in her reminder of how media representations can affect a viewer's feelings of self-worth. For me, it was only when I saw Lucy Liu as Alex Munday in the 2000's Charlie's Angels that I thought, hey, maybe I can get my foot in the door.
Today, 13 years later, a lot has changed—but a lot hasn't. My agent tells me that he gets more requests for nonwhite models than he used to, but at the same time, white models are the only ones who are consistently booked while the “others” have periods of high and low demand. I kind of doubt the demand will ever be high for “pregnant Sri Lankans.”
Perhaps what the editors at GQ were trying to achieve with their categories was to highlight the unique beauty of different ethnicities. Or perhaps they thought, “This girl is pretty—for an Indian. Let's put her somewhere else.” Whatever the reason, the takeaway is the same: It belittles the beauty being highlighted and marginalizes so many readers.
Yoonj Kim is a freelance writer, entrepreneur, and model in Los Angeles.
CNN contributor and staunch Trump supporter Jeffrey Lord tweeted “Sieg Heil!” at the president of Media Matters for America on Thursday.
That set off a Twitter back-and-forth between the men, which comes following an opinion piece Lord wrote for the "The American Spectator" that called MMFA President Angelo Carusone and the liberal media watchdog site “Media Matters Fascists.”
Carusone hit back at Lord on Twitter, noting that he'd spelled his name wrong and asking, “Why do you expect anyone to take you seriously when you don't take yourself seriously?"
Lord quickly responded, tweeting, “Sieg Heil!” — the Nazi salute for "Hail, my leader!" — before going on to defend the tweet.
Sieg Heil! — Jeff Lord (@realJeffreyLord) August 10, 2017
In the opinion piece, Lord takes issue with a Media Matters campaign to get Fox's Sean Hannity fired from the network.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Media Matters is launching an effort to encourage Hannity's sponsors to stop financially supporting his propaganda,” reads a Media Matters email sent to supporters last Friday. “At this point, if a company is sponsoring Sean Hannity's show, it's essentially supporting a Trump propaganda operation.”
The email provides a link to the petition page with a list of Hannity's advertisers to contact.
"It is not a lie, Angelo, that you and [Media Matters] are trying to end Sean Hannity's free speech. You have been playing this fascist game for years with others — Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, Bill O'Reilly etc." Lord writes. "If there is a conservative with an audience of any size your fascist instinct is not to debate honestly but to simply silence the opposition. Period. Threaten their sponsors and bully.
“This is America, Angelo. Not Fascist Italy, Nazi Germany or Communist Russia."
Lord re-upped with CNN in December of 2016. The author and political strategist often is a foil to other panel guests on the network, generating headlines in the process.
Carusone took a screenshot and tweeted it at CNN, asking for the network to comment on “on air talent issuing (in serious and non-ironic way) nazi victory salutes.”
And here's full thread. His hit piece on me spelled my name wrong, literally in the headline, I pointed it out and he screams "Sieg Heil!" pic.twitter.com/eHJdnzSYSp — Angelo Carusone (@GoAngelo) August 10, 2017
WASHINGTON — The head of the Environmental Protection Agency's office on environmental justice has resigned in protest over the Trump administration's proposal to slash funding for programs that help poor and minority communities nationwide.
Mustafa Ali, an associate assistant EPA administrator, helped found the environmental justice office in the 1990s and worked under Republican and Democratic presidents.
Ali told InsideClimate News, which first reported on his resignation, that he sees no indication the Trump administration is interested in helping vulnerable communities. He says his “values and priorities seem to be different than our current leadership, and because of that I feel that it's best if I take my talents elsewhere.”
Ali's resignation letter urges EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt to reconsider proposals to cut EPA's budget, including environmental justice grants, by one-quarter.
Earlier Thursday, Pruitt said he does not believe that carbon dioxide is a primary contributor to global warming, a statement at odds with mainstream scientific consensus and his own agency.
EPA chief: Carbon dioxide not primary cause of warming
Pruitt said measuring the effect of human activity on the climate is “very challenging” and that “there's tremendous disagreement about the degree of impact” of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
“So, no, I would not agree that (carbon dioxide) is a primary contributor to the global warming that we see,” Pruitt told CNBC's “Squawk Box.”
Pruitt's view is contrary to mainstream climate science, including NASA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the EPA itself.
NASA and NOAA reported in January that earth's 2016 temperatures were the warmest ever. The planet's average surface temperature has risen about 2 degrees Fahrenheit since the late 19th century, “a change driven largely by increased carbon dioxide and other human-made emissions into the atmosphere,” the agencies said in a joint statement.The EPA says on its website that “carbon dioxide is the primary greenhouse gas that is contributing to recent climate change.” The agency notes that human activities, such as the burning of fossil fuels, “release large amounts of CO2, causing concentrations in the atmosphere to rise.”
What possible justification can there be for a respected examination board providing a GCSE syllabus apparently designed to foster an ultra-Leftist view of immigration?
Schools are there to teach, and exam boards to test their students. Neither schools nor examiners should engage in contentious propaganda. And if the exam regulator Ofqual can approve such material, it is hard to work out what it is for.
The ludicrous new GCSE course is devised by what most see as the most reliable and conventional of the examination boards.
The history course has outraged some of Britain's most eminent thinkers (file photo)
Yet it takes its inspiration from a Marxist professor and a politically correct lobby group. It is explicitly designed to banish a supposed 'white, male-dominated view' of history. Even assuming there was any such view of history in our schools or anywhere else, this is not its job.
Take the inclusion of the fact that African soldiers were stationed at Hadrian's Wall during the Roman Empire. It might be an interesting answer to a quiz question. But to base a statement that 'there were Africans in Britain before the English came' is propaganda, not learning.
They were here as temporary occupying troops, much as British soldiers were once in Somaliland. They were not here as part of the general population, and they did not remain long.
This is similar to New Labour's misleading claim – as it flung open the nation's gates to unprecedented levels of migration – that this was a 'nation of immigrants'. In fact, we have experienced nothing like the present levels of migration for a thousand years, and it is certainly not for schools or teachers to spread misinformation on this subject.
This country's long, continuous history of peaceful undisturbed settlement is one of its chief characteristics and one of the main reasons why it has developed the laws, liberties and institutions which make it what it is, and make people want to come here from all over the world.
Whatever anyone might think about the junior doctors' dispute with the NHS, one thing is beyond question. Doctors should never go on strike. Mercy is not a commodity to be withheld in the hope of getting a higher price for it.
The planned stoppage is already causing pain, anxiety and misery in thousands of homes, where letters have begun arriving cancelling or postponing long-awaited and necessary operations. It is hard to overstate the distress this will cause.
It is no use the BMA saying it 'deeply regrets' this disruption. This is evasive and dishonest. If you know something is going to be regrettable, you do not do it in the first place. Call it off now, before any more harm is done.
Doctors should never go on strike. Mercy is not a commodity to be withheld in the hope of getting a higher price for it
Now Jeremy Corbyn lets slip that he plans to introduce a new local income tax in the English regions.
He may think this scheme is 'very interesting', but the people of England, already subject to national income tax, VAT, council tax, and a host of other duties on almost everything we buy and do, including savings and pensions, will recoil in amazement and anger that anyone should want to take yet more money from our pockets.
Has Mr Corbyn learned nothing from the past few decades, when a nation released from punitive taxation became more prosperous at every level?
Probably not.
President Obama: The Election Will Not Be 'Rigged'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
President Obama dismissed GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump's comment this week that the election may be "rigged" this year.
"Of course the election will not be rigged! What does that mean?" Obama said at a news conference at the Pentagon. "That's ridiculous. That doesn't make any sense."
The president added Americans should not take Trump's musings on this seriously. "We do take seriously, as we always do," the president said, "our responsibilities to monitor and preserve the integrity of the voting process."
On a Monday campaign stop in Ohio, Trump told voters: "I'm afraid the election's going to be rigged. I have to be honest."
Obama on Thursday equated Trump's comments to children in the schoolyard complaining about a loss "before the score is even tallied."
YouTube
On a separate matter, the president said he believes Trump should continue to receive national-security briefings, an established practice for all presidential candidates to ensure a smooth transition for the next administration.
Trump raised questions this week when he repeatedly claimed to have witnessed video shot in Tehran of the recent $400 million cash transfer from the U.S. government. There is no evidence that video exists and his campaign aides have walked back Trump's claim.
"If someone is the nominee," Obama said, "they get security briefings, so if they were to win they're not starting from scratch if they were to become president. They have been told these are classified briefings. If they want to be president, they have to start acting like a president."
Obama does not believe Trump will be that president. Earlier this week he said he believes Trump is "unfit" for office and went so far as to call on GOP leaders to renounce his candidacy.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has surged in every major public opinion poll since the Republican and Democratic conventions concluded. The latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, out Thursday afternoon shortly after Obama spoke, gave Clinton a 9-percentage-point lead, 47 to 38 percent, against Trump.
Obama's press conference was held at the Pentagon, where he was meeting with military officials to discuss the latest U.S. efforts to dismantle the Islamic State.
Obama is heading to Martha's Vineyard this weekend for his annual summer vacation.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton already has filed suit against local jurisdictions that had been accused of not cooperating with federal immigration agents, in a preemptive bid to uphold a newly signed anti-sanctuary city law and head off numerous legal challenges.
Paxton filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas, as Gov. Greg Abbott on Sunday signed the crackdown which bars sanctuary policies and gives local law enforcement officers the right to ask the immigration status of anyone they stop. Under the law, local officers who won't cooperate with federal immigration agents could face jail time and fines up to $25,000 per day.
"Unfortunately, some municipalities and law enforcement agencies are unwilling to cooperate with the federal government and claim that SB 4 is unconstitutional.” — Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton
The Paxton-filed suit names Travis County, the city of Austin and several local officials as defendants. A Paxton statement said the suit asks the court to uphold the constitutionality of the new law.
“SB 4 is constitutional, lawful and a vital step in securing our borders,” he said in a statement. “… Unfortunately, some municipalities and law enforcement agencies are unwilling to cooperate with the federal government and claim that SB 4 is unconstitutional.”
The suit is an effort to avoid a raft of individual lawsuits against the state in different courts, and seeks a ruling in a single court.
Among those named is Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez, who had stopped deputies from asking about immigration status and limited cooperation with federal immigration agents. However, she has said the county would follow the terms of the new law – even though she opposes it.
“While I hate seeing a state law like this come to pass, I have always followed the law and that will not change,” she said, according to KXAN.
In Austin, the police department issued a statement saying they are reviewing the language of the newly approved law, SB4.
Chief Brian Manley said in the statement, “The Austin Police Department has worked hard to build and maintain trust, communication and stronger relationships with our communities through outreach programs and community policing. This effort and engagement will continue. With the passage of this law, we want our minority community to maintain their trust in us, if you see or are a victim of a criminal act we want you to call us and report it."
National progressive organization, Justice Democrats, officially endorsed Iowa First District Congressional candidate, Courtney Rowe.
Rowe, a former Sanders delegate and longtime activist, started her campaign with the pledge not to accept Super PAC contributions.
“This endorsement is in line with our commitment to a progressive platform and campaign finance reform, “Rowe stated on her Facebook page. “We are taking our country back from the lobbyists and Super PACS. For those that say our method is radical, I say, ‘Justice is always called radical by those profiting from Injustice'”.
Rowe proudly champions a progressive platform, including tuition-free colleges and trade schools, Medicare for All, clean water, sustainable agriculture, and making the minimum wage a living wage.
If you would like to learn more about Courtney Rowe, or would like to volunteer or donate to her campaign, you can learn more at her campaign website at courtneyroweforcongress.org
Like this: Like Loading...
Canada has emerged near the top of the 2016 Human Freedom Index – well ahead of the United States.
Fred McMahon, editor of the study and the Dr. Michael A. Walker Research Chair in Economic Freedom at the Fraser Institute, warned Canada's sixth-place ranking could be in jeopardy due to moves by Ontario and Alberta to raise taxes.
“The problem that's going on in Ontario and Alberta is that increasingly intrusive government is limiting people's economic freedom,” McMahon said.
Tax hikes in Alberta and higher electricity prices in Ontario due to the government's energy policies take money away from their residents, reducing their economic freedom, he said.
There were two particularly unusual results in the Index – Hong Kong was ranked No. 1 and the U.S. came in at No. 23.
The U.S. used to rank as well as or better than Canada but has been steadily dropping on the Human Freedom Index, McMahon said.
He pointed to concern over the rule of law in the U.S., degraded in part by the war on terror and drugs, as a key reason for the decline.
While Hong Kong ranked at the top of the Index, the findings were based on 2014 data and recent negative developments in its relationship with China could impact that standing in the future, McMahon said.
The Human Freedom Index is being co-published by the Fraser Institute, the Liberales Institut at the Friedrich Naumann Foundation for Freedom and the Cato Institute.
The index is made up of 79 indicators – such as rule of law, security and safety, freedom to trade internationally, relationships and size of government – to assess personal and economic freedom, defined in the report as the absence of coercive constraint.
“The Human Freedom Index is the first index that measures really all aspects of human freedom including economic freedom and security – you clearly can't have freedom if it's unsafe to walk on the streets,” he said. “You aren't free because you're richer. Your freedom refers to whether you can freely make choices within your range of possibilities.
“The fact that you can't jump 10 feet into the air doesn't limit your freedom. But if somebody stops you from jumping, your freedom is limited,” McMahon said.
Freest Countries
(1) Hong Kong
(2) Switzerland
(3) New Zealand
(4) Ireland
(5) Denmark
(6, tied) Canada, United Kingdom, Australia
(23) United States
Least Free Countries
(156) Syria
(157) Iran
(158) Yemen
(159) Libya
Assange's lawyers say they were lied to on effort to prevent bail
Human Rights Watch: Don't prosecute Assange over cables
British prosecutors, rather than Swedish officials, are behind the effort to keep WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange from being granted bail, the Guardian reports.
Assange was granted bail by a London judge on Tuesday, but remained in custody reportedly because of plans by Swedish prosecutors to appeal the decision.
“But today the Swedish prosecutor's office told the Guardian it had ‘not got a view at all on bail' and that Britain had made the decision to oppose bail,” the newspaper reported.
“The decision was made by the British prosecutor,” Swedish prosecution service spokeswoman Karin Rosander said. “I got it confirmed by the CPS this morning that the decision to appeal the granting of bail was entirely a matter for the CPS. The Swedish prosecutors are not entitled to make decisions within Britain. It is entirely up to the British authorities to handle it.”
Assange's lawyers “reacted with shock” the news, the Guardian reports, saying they had been informed by prosecutors it was Sweden who had insisted on the appeal.
British prosecutors will reportedly request that Assange be kept in jail until his extradition hearing is complete.
According to his lawyer, Mark Stephens, Assange is being held in solitary confinement for 23-1/2 hours per day.
“He is in isolation. He doesn't have access to newspapers or television or other news devices. He is not getting mail, he is subject to the pettiest forms of censorship,” Stephens said.
Assange is wanted for questioning in Sweden over allegations of sexual impropriety. No charges have been laid against the Internet activist, who has spent more than a week behind bars at this point.
The investigation reportedly circles around allegations that Assange had sex without a condom with two women, something that would result in a civil fine if Assange is guilty. Swedish prosecutors have not said if they plan to pursue more serious, criminal, sex assault charges against Assange.
HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH: DON'T PROSECUTE ASSANGE
As Julian Assange awaits another bail hearing in London on Thursday, a growing group of influential people and organizations is coming out in support of the Internet activist.
The latest to add its voice is Human Rights Watch, which sent a letter to President Barack Obama Wednesday urging him not to prosecute Assange over the leaking of confidential State Department cables.
Assange is facing charges of sexual impropriety in Sweden. He has not been charged, in the US or elsewhere, over the leaked cables.
“Regardless of how one views the intentions, wisdom or strict legality of the WikiLeaks release, we believe that resorting to prosecution will degrade freedom of expression for all media, researchers and reporters, and set a terrible precedent that will be eagerly grasped by other governments, particularly those with a record of trying to muzzle legitimate political reporting,” the human rights watchdog said.
The group also urged the administration to reject bills proposed in Congress targeting WikiLeaks. Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-CT) introduced the SHIELD Act earlier this month, criminalizing the publication of information that could identify a US intelligence source. A similar bill, introduced by Rep. Peter King (R-NY), is in front of the House.
Critics say the bills would have to change the law retroactively to apply to the WikiLeaks cables release.
The Human Rights Watch appeal comes after a group of prominent Columbia University journalism professors sent a letter to President Obama making similar arguments.
“[W]hile we hold varying opinions of Wikileaks' methods and decisions, we all believe that in publishing diplomatic cables Wikileaks is engaging in journalistic activity protected by the First Amendment,” the letter, signed by 20 professors, states. “Any prosecution of Wikileaks' staff for receiving, possessing or publishing classified materials will set a dangerous precedent for reporters in any publication or medium, potentially chilling investigative journalism and other First Amendment-protected activity.”
The letter added: “As a historical matter, government overreaction to publication of leaked material in the press has always been more damaging to American democracy than the leaks themselves.”
An influential journalists' group in Assange's native Australia has also come to the Internet activist's defense. The Walkley Foundation sent a letter to Prime Minister Julia Gillard calling the reaction of the US and Australian governments to the leaks “troubling.”
A prosecution of WikiLeaks would be a “serious threat to democracy,” the group asserted. The letter was signed, among others, by the editors-in-chief of the Sydney Morning Herald and the Melbourne Age, Australia's two most prominent newspapers.
A convoy of military jeeps snakes up a hill in one of Rio deJaneiro's rougher neighbourhoods, passing by a sculpture of a giant soccer ball and a broken down abandoned soccer pitch.
Thirty Brazilian soldiers are on alert, their automatic rifles pointed outward, ready for an attack.
"Our main mission here is to stabilize the area, take out the drug dealers, get people back to normal life," says Col. Alex Correa, in near perfect English; he did some of his training at Canadian Forces College in Toronto.
Susan Ormiston on patrol with the Brazilian army in Rio's Mare deComplexo neighbourhood
The military has occupied the favela known as Mare de Complexo in the north part of Rio for the last two months. Tanks and troops patrol the narrow web-like streets, and sometimes residents throw stones at them, angry at the militarization of their community.
Watch Susan Ormiston's documentary report from inside Brazil's favelas tonight on The National
Over a million people live in poor, unregulated settlements like these — known as favelas — some of which have been hot zones for drug wars and violence.
Militias and gangs control many still, but with the World Cup bearing down on Rio, and the Olympics just two years away, the Brazilian government felt compelled to do something about its favelas, especially as some were close to tourist areas.
A man shelters his baby from gunshots as police and gang members fire on each other in Alemao, a favela in Rio, in the run-up to the 2014 World Cup. (AF Rodrigues / CBC)
Col. Correa points to a neighbourhood map speckled with coloured dots — red for drug zones, pink for stolen cars and black for shootouts.
But when asked about his mission's relationship to the World Cup, he says "nothing to do with the World Cup, no," though conceding the timing is suspect. His operation officially concludes in July, just as soccer's grand tournament wraps up.
'False sense of security'
Mare, with its 130,000 people, is strategically squeezed between three main highways funnelling international visitors into the city centre. Local police had either lost control or been corrupted into ceding control to criminal leaders, officials say.
However, Adriano Rodrigues, a 35-year-old local photographer who has lived in Mare his entire life, scoffs at the army's rationale.
"This is the eve of the World Cup," he says. "For our leaders, the most important thing is to create a false sense of security. For all those who pass by, they need to have the sensation they're safe and won't be hit by a stray bullet."
Still, as he sees it, "everything that happened before in the favela is still happening since the occupation, only in a disguised way."
Brazil's army is now patrolling certain neighbourhoods, like Mare in Rio, saying it needs to stabilize them. (Susan Ormiston / CBC)
Rodrigues has documented the often violent demonstrations against the World Cup over the past two years. One photo shows a man cradling a child against his body as police and criminals shoot at each other.
The majority of favela residents are not running drugs or involved in other crimes, but they are vulnerable to the ongoing violence. And they also have other priorities — like better schools, sanitation and health care.
That helps explain, perhaps, why support for hosting the World Cup here in Brazil has plummeted to less than 50 per cent of those surveyed, according to a poll taken near the end of May.
Brazilians appear bitterly disappointed with the cost of playing host — $11 billion for a country where 16 million people live on less than $360 a year.
Every one of the 12 stadiums that have been newly built or refurbished for the tournament has soared above budget, some with a paper trail of inflated construction invoices.
Construction firms the biggest scorers
The World Cup was sold to Brazilians as a golden opportunity for much-needed investment in roads, airports and other transportation links, and even for improvements in the favelas, like sewers and clean water.
But the money has been mostly devoured meeting the demands of soccer's governing body, FIFA, for first-class stadiums and facilities. Construction firms could be the biggest World Cup winners.
"I think the population is very divided," says Patricia Vianna, executive director of REDES, a non-profit community group in Mare. "A lot of people love soccer of course, but because of a lot of disappointments they're not that excited about" the World Cup itself.
In April, the Brazilian government topped up its $860-million security budget by $100 million for Rio alone. Last week, it suddenly decided to add army reinforcements to protect hotels hosting soccer teams.
Infantry troops were sent to the Brazilian team's training camp after the team bus was set upon by protestors who plastered it with stickers saying "Whose World Cup."
Some of the visiting teams are staying in hotels just a few hundred metres from favelas like Vidigal, which is perched on a mountainside overlooking a sweep of Rio's stunning beaches.
But in Vidigal, security was tackled two years ago as part of an initiative called police pacification, which is a combination of SWAT teams and community police.
Over time it has pushed the drug dealers out, community leaders say, and gentrification is slowly creeping in. Rumour has it that soccer great David Beckham has just bought a cinderblock house here, presumably to turn into something more impressive.
For those without Beckham's wealth, but still seeking a taste of Brazil's wilder side, there are cheap rooms to book in what some would still call a slum.
Previous Next
The 'Favela Experience'
On a potholed winding street with a canopy of hot-wired electrical cables you will find a welcoming hostel called the Favela Experience.
Eliot Rosenberg, an American living in Rio, leads us up three sets of steep stairs to what can only be described as a million dollar view, a sweeping vista of the Atlantic ocean lapping against Leblon and Ipanema beaches.
The view from Rio's storied Ipanema beach towards the Vidigal neighbourhood where soccer star David Beckham is rumoured to have bought property. (Susan Ormiston / CBC)
It's the common room for guests.
Rooms here can cost as little as $15 for a single, except during the World Cup where you will pay $50 a night. The house is owned by a local community group and two thirds of the rental profits will go back to the charity for work inside the favela.
"A lot of the guests we have had said they feel safer inside the community instead of outside," says Rosenberg.
Brazil can't escape its violent reputation — 56,000 murders in 2012, considered an epidemic by UN standards. "If it's any consolation," says Rosenberg, "most of those are criminal against criminal or police."
A different pitch
From the terrace at Favela Experience we get a glimpse of a small cement soccer field ringed by walls covered in graffiti.
A vigorous game is in play, the boys booting around a dirty soccer ball with a few of its seams unravelling.
These 12-17 year olds are one of the better teams inside the favela. Their parents can't afford to put them in one of Rio's established soccer clubs, which develop young talent.
Enzo de Deus, a young soccer player in the Rio neighbourhood Vidigal, says the World Cup attention isn't trickling down to his soccer pitch. (Susan Ormiston / CBC)
They sure can't afford tickets to the World Cup. But the young players are still excited.
"It's marvellous," says Caio Rodrigues, a lanky teenager, sweating from the exertion. "It's our pride because we never have anything."
Still, asked whether the money spent to bring the world's best soccer here was worth it, they shake their heads emphatically no.
"It wasn't worth it because there are a lot of people suffering in hospitals," says Rodrigues.
The soccer boys from the favelas will watch the games on television or on big screens set up on the beach.
They won't get close to Rio's legendary Maracana Stadium even if Brazil makes the final.
As one of them quietly chimed in before we left, "They won't leave anything for us. If they were going to leave anything better for us, well, look at our field."
The VHA Scandal Is Almost an Act Of Divine Intervention
The magnitude of the incompetence of this administration is almost impossible to comprehend. Fast and Furious, the NSA, the IRS, Benghazi, and the most recent kerfuffle, the mess at the Veteran's Health Administration. But this is much more than a failure of management – i.e. a good idea poorly implemented – it is merely another failure of left-wing ideology -- a bad idea badly implemented. In short, it is not just a routine failure of a bad idea; it is a routine failure of an ideology badly out of touch with reality. And that is due to the fact that the left lives in a world of virtual reality, where facts, logic, common sense, and judgment never have to enter the equation of shaping policy. When things go wrong -- as more often than not they do -- they are excused (rationalized, if you will) as the triumph of good intentions over bad results. And, to our possible existential regret, we keep letting them get away with it. And, to be fair, when they own every established vehicle of communication -- i.e. the media, our universities, and the entertainment community -- it is difficult to stop them. But to our discredit, the right is so pathetically weak and incompetent, that they barely make the effort. That's what you get with career politicians -- hacks and whores, and hardly a public servant among them. By now, everyone has heard of the disgraceful mess at the Veteran's Health Administration (VHA) where the VHA not only failed to treat our veterans but let them die on waiting lists and then cooked the books to cover up their scandalous mismanagement. And, to be fair, blame cannot be laid entirely at the feet of the Obama administration, although, after calling attention to the aforesaid mismanagement while in campaign mode, Obama did nothing to fix it once installed in office. The VHA has been in disgraceful shape for decades, with our politicians doing nothing more than kicking the can down the road at which time it would be the problem of succeeding administrations.
But this scandal is a gift! Why? Because it shines a light on what by now we should have fully realized -- government is almost never the solution; it is the problem. And the timing of this fiasco could not have been more providentially arranged. Why? Because Obamacare is the VHA scandal writ large. If Obamacare is implemented we will all be veterans having our health care rationed, with many of us left to die on government waiting lists. And I must urge the reader to look at this situation -- and every other governmental scandal that we are now addressing -- in a nonpolitical light, i.e. not as a Republican or a Democrat, but as an American looking at not only his or her future, but that of his or her children and grandchildren. It is worth noting in passing that, as Paul Krugman -- left-wing public intellectual and guru -- observed, in praise of the V.H.A., it is “socialized medicine.” See Krugman, "Vouchers for Veterans", and "Health Care Confidential". In his 2011 piece, Krugman makes this statement regarding Republican opposition to socializing our healthcare system: “So what lies behind the Republican obsession with privatization and voucherization? Ideology of course. It's literally a fundamental article of faith in the G.O.P. that the private sector is always better than the government, and no amount of evidence can shake that credo.” Krugman is right about the issue being one of ideology; the problem is that he pins that label on the wrong party and, as a consequence, the wrong ideology. It is the Democrats who are always trying to shove government down our throats, despite the fact that “the evidence” almost always shows that government cannot do the job efficiently or economically - if at all. With the left, it is always ideology, and when that ideology takes root and fails it is okay because, as noted, to the left, good intentions always trump bad results. Socialized medicine is the ultimate goal for the left; in pursuit of that goal they are willing to stop to pause at a “single payer” way station. The current VHA mess should be enough to prick the socialized-medicine balloon, but it won't be. With the left, failure may define them, but it never deters them. It's always we had the right idea -- we just had the wrong people, the wrong effort, the wrong capitalization, the wrong location, the wrong timing etc., etc. No -- invariably they have had the wrong idea. In this regard, a lot more needs to be said about the concept of government as the tool for our deliverance (in any context), Krugman and the rest of our intellectual elite, and the very ineffectual opposition to left-wing encroachment on our democracy that the right musters up. Regarding the timing of the current VHA scandal, it could not have happened at a more appropriate moment insofar as Obamacare is concerned; it almost causes one, regardless of his or her religious beliefs, to give serious thought to the notion of Divine Intervention.
METAIRIE, La. -- Alvin Kamara had the same reaction as everyone else when he first found out he was wearing jersey No. 41 with the New Orleans Saints.
It's not exactly a classic number for a running back -- especially a dynamic runner/receiver like the Saints rookie.
But obviously the number has grown on Kamara as he is on a torrid pace for 741 rushing yards, 663 receiving yards and 11 touchdowns.
"I was like, 'Man, 41?!" Kamara told ESPN Baton Rouge's Matt Moscona. "And Coach (Sean) Payton was like, 'Oh no, that's temporary. We'll change it. You're gonna be out of it. Don't worry about it.' And I was like, 'Alright.' I mean, it's cool.
"I've had opportunities to change, I mean, I've still got opportunities to change right now. I think I'm gonna stick with it. ... I think I'm gonna ride with the 41, I think I like it. I think all the fans and everybody, they've grown to it, too. So I think I'm gonna stay with it."
Kamara said his top choice would have been something like 20 or 21 -- but he doesn't have any plans to try and coax defensive backs Ken Crawley or De'Vante Harris out of them. He said he has assured fans that he doesn't have any plans on switching.
"I get messages and it's like, 'I want to buy your jersey but I don't know if you're gonna switch,'" Kamara said. "And I'm like, 'It's OK, go ahead and buy it.'"
Savazos Over Hand Strength
Savazo - (n) - A great save stopping a golazo.
We've all seen the ridiculous saves. Hamid criminally has a 76 in reflexes and a 74 in diving in FIFA 15. A 90 for both would be more accurate. He has the spring and the explosiveness to get a shot most goalkeepers would just watch sail into the net. But twice this year (first and second) we've seen Hamid struggle with shots hit with pace that were well within his grasp. Both times, Hamid is caught between looking to catch and wanting to parry away and both times the result is a generous rebound for the opposition. There's not a ton to say or show on these. He either needs to corral them, which is preferred, or get them out of danger.
Moving Forward
Hamid is receiving an anti-Steve Clark season in terms of perception and laud. Both of the two goalkeepers have made highlight reel save after save but given up less than impressive goals along the way. Unfortunately for Clark, the media is equally unimpressed by him as they are enamored by Hamid. Hamid is 25 in November and people have been comparing him to Tim Howard for years now. But Howard, at this time in his career, had started for Manchester United about thirty times. (Manchester United was a very good team.)
Players are different and Howard had his struggles overseas, but it's late in Hamid's career to be making these mistakes if he truly is looking to play at a higher league and start for the US. He's a fine MLS goalkeeper, one definitely contributing to DC United's season, but if he wants to be something more he needs to hone in his mechanics. Hamid sits middle of the pack in MLS goalkeepers because the ones ahead of him have been playing great. Nick Rimando is still going strong. David Ousted is probably going to win Goalkeeper of the Year. Stefan Frei and Luis Robles are having great seasons. Even DC United Andrew Dykstra had the best game of any goalkeeper this year. If Hamid is really supposed to be the best goalkeeper in the league, and the eventual starter for the US Men's National Team, he can't be having these hiccups every other week.
Hundreds of extremists break away from anti-refugee Pegida rally to smash windows and set fires in leftwing area of city
More than 200 rightwing rioters have been arrested after going on an anti-immigrant rampage around the eastern city of Leipzig, erecting barricades and setting a building on fire.
The riot comes in a highly charged atmosphere after a series of sexual assaults on women by gangs of young migrant men on New Year's Eve in Cologne and other towns, which hardened German public opinion towards Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door refugee policy. Sporadic attacks on women attributed to migrants were also reported in Austria.
Merkel's government sought to contain the post-Cologne backlash on Tuesday by detailing plans to accelerate deportations of foreigners found guilty of serious crimes, including physical and sexual assaults. Under current German law, most of the crimes carried probationary sentences and did not necessarily trigger deportation. The plan was laid out by Germany's conservative interior minister, Thomas de Maizière and its Social Democrat justice minister, Heiko Maas, representing the two wings of Merkel's coalition.
“We must make sure the law can take effect as soon as possible. First we have to think how to get the parliamentary process going as quickly as possible,” Merkel said.
Explaining the new law to reporters, de Maizière said: “It's a hard but correct response by the state to those who are seeking protection here, but think they can commit crimes.”
Maas said the proposed law was aimed principally at “victim protection”, adding that it would also serve to protect the “vast majority” of refugees. “They don't all deserve to be tarred with the same brush as these foreign criminals,” Maas said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Protesters hold banners at the Pegida march in Leizpig. Photograph: Jens Schlueter/Getty
The ministers conceded that deportation in such cases might not be straightforward, particularly if a convict's home country was unwilling to accept them or provide them with a passport. The bill has yet to be approved by the full cabinet or parliament.
The police described the Leipzig rioters as mostly football hooligans who had broken away from a march through Leipzig by 2,000 members of Legida, a local branch of the anti-Muslim movement Pegida, demanding that Merkel leave office. The breakaway group carried placards calling for Leipzig to “stay white”. They stormed through a southern district of the city, setting up barricades, smashing windows, letting off fireworks, and setting part of a building on fire.
“The 211 people were to a not insignificant degree already on record as being rightwing sympathisers and/or members of violent sporting groups,” the police said, adding that the riot had been stopped quickly.
Officers put the rightwingers on a bus which was then attacked by leftwing counter-demonstrators. Police also said groups linked to Cologne's extremist hooligan scene had used social media to assemble in the inner city Sunday evening, and launched a spate of attacks against Pakistani, Syrian and African men.
Maas stressed that there would also be changes to Germany's sexual offences law, to cover the types of attacks seen in Cologne. In future, sexual assault or rape would be prosecutable “if a woman could not defend herself because an element of surprise has been exploited... or because she didn't resist due to fear of more violence.”
A SHERIFF has allowed a former celebrity hairdresser to continue living with his 46 German shepherd dogs, because she says they constitute his family under human rights legislation.
Moray Council was bidding to impose an antisocial behaviour order on Andrew Debidin, the “leader of the pack” to the dogs he sleeps with every night.
Mr Debidin, 58, a former Vidal Sassoon hairdresser, turned his back on his career 30 years ago to devote his life to the huge pack of dogs in his care.
He now resides with them in an “unusual family life” in a caravan within a five-and-a-half acre compound at Woodhead of Mayen, near the village of Rothiemay.
Last year, the council mounted a legal bid to obtain an Asbo which would have forced Mr Debidin to get rid of all but four of his pack of alsatians after neighbours claimed the dogs' barking was causing them “alarm and distress”.
But Mr Debidin claimed he had been victimised and picked on simply because of his “unusual personal lifestyle”.
Sheriff Susan Raeburn, in her judgment issued yesterday, rejected the council's call for action against Mr Debidin and his dogs. She stated: “The respondent [Mr Debidin] is effectively the leader of the pack. At night Mr Debidin sleeps in one of the caravans within Woodhead compound with his entire pack of dogs other than two which ‘guard' the compound.
“Mr Debidin has eschewed a ‘normal' lifestyle for a lifestyle devoted to his dogs.”
Citing Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which states that everyone has “the right to respect for his private and family life”, Sheriff Raeburn continued: “I have absolutely no doubt that the respondent's day-to-day routine at Woodhead compound is, as a matter of fact, his family life. It is an unusual family life. By some it might, perhaps, be perceived to be unsavoury.
“In my view, however, the respondent's lifestyle is deserving of respect, whether or not it falls within the legal definition of ‘family life' and in my considered opinion, there is no justification for interference with the respondent's lifestyle.”
Councillor Alan Wright, the leader of Moray Council, said: “For the sheriff to talk about a lifestyle that centres on a man being the leader of a pack of 46 large dogs and that his human rights entitle him to that lifestyle – whatever the effect on neighbours – is, for me, a clear demonstration of what is wrong with human rights legislation.”
Alex Johnstone, Scottish Conservative North East MSP, said: “Human rights legislation should not be applied to dogs – that would be canine rights. The European Convention on Human Rights says individuals are entitled to peaceful enjoyment of their property. Well, these dogs may be this man's property, but it doesn't sound like they're very peaceful for those around.
“Human rights are for human beings, and in this case the victims are human beings – they are the ones who should be taking priority.”
Has the U.S. defense ever looked more woeful than it does right now? Due to some poor play at the international level, a rash of injuries, and general inactivity, Jurgen Klinsmann has some major decisions to make.
BY John Godfrey Posted
March 06, 2013
11:30 AM SHARE THIS STORY
for the United States in the upcoming World Cup qualifiers against Costa Rica and Mexico?
Who is healthy? Who is in good form? Who is trustworthy? These questions are particularly difficult to answer these days.
An alphabetical roll call shines some light on the depth of the problem.
Matt Besler looked pretty bad in Sporting Kansas City's season opener against Philadelphia, and he isn't exactly a proven commodity at the international level. Besler has just one cap for the United States national team—in a January friendly against a Canada team that only managed one shot on goal.
Carlos Bocanegra , the team captain until recently, is struggling to get on the field for a second division side, Spain's Racing Santander. If he doesn't get into the mix in the next few weeks, will Klinsmann call him in? (Also, the first 45 seconds of the video below are a stark reminder of the chemistry issues that have plagued the U.S. in recent months.)
Geoff Cameron made an impressive move to Stoke City last summer, but this past weekend he was a healthy scratch for a depleted English Premier League team. Shortly after the game he tweeted, "Confused," which is unlikely to help his cause with the Potters' stern overlord, Tony Pulis. Also, Cameron didn't impress against Honduras.
Edgar Castillo is playing well for Club Tijuana, but he recently engaged in a dangerous game of smashmouth futbol , and will miss some time.
Timothy Chandler was awful in the February 6 World Cup qualifier against Honduras—the lowest-rated player on the squad. Yes, he's now cap tied to the U.S., but this hardly seemed like cause for celebration after the Honduras match.
Jay DeMerit is done. He might have been done before his latest injury , but he's definitely done now.
Omar Gonzalez received his long-awaited Big Chance in the Hexagonal opener in San Pedro Sula, and turned in a decidedly poor performance Clarence Goodson was a central force in central defense for Brondby a year ago; now he struggles to see action.
Eric Lichaj cannot crack the Starting XI for Aston Villa.
Oguchi Onyewu is technically a Champions League player, but when was the last time you saw the 30 year old on the pitch?
Michael Parkhurst may have been a star in Denmark but he is now in Germany. He has been uneven with his new club, Augsburg, and needs time to settle in.
Danny Williams , who typically plays a defensive midfield role for the U.S., rarely starts for Hoffenheim these days, and his form for the Stars and Stripes—remember the Russia match?—suggests this is justified.Even Tim Howard, the venerable goalkeeper and last line of defense, missed a game for Everton last weekend. He should recover in time for the Hexagonal matches, but still. With the possible exception of Fabian Johnson , it seems like every defensive-minded player on the U.S. roster has some sort of asterisk or question or caveat next to his name.
So yeah—it's a problem.
Making matters worse, the U.S. simply cannot afford to lose to Costa Rica on March 22nd at Dick's Sporting Goods Park in Commerce City, Colo.—not after having lost its Hexagonal opener to Honduras on February 6. And not with an extremely difficult road game against Mexico just four days later.
While it is a strong possibility that the same quartet who started against Honduras in San Pedro Sula—Johnson, Gonzalez, Cameron, and Chandler—will start against Costa Rica, those four defenders did not exactly distinguish themselves against los Catrachos.
But does U.S. national team coach Jurgen Klinsmann have any other legitimate options?
If this were June or September, Klinsmann could bolster his backline with a collection of steady-if-unspectacular Major League Soccer players—Steve Beitashour, George John, Heath Pearce, etc. But the MLS season has just started, meaning most players are just getting up to speed. And with a limited sample size to analyze, it will be risky to choose players from this second tier of talent.
Jonathan Spector is a viable candidate. A regular starter for Birmingham City, Spector is healthy, strong, experienced, and plays multiple positions. He's clearly not a Klinsmann favorite, however, and he's prone to the occasional gaffe, but this could be his time to earn another callup.
There's Seb Hines to consider too. The 24-year-old Middlesbrough defender has tons of talent and might have been part of the England setup were it not for a series of injuries early in his career. Hines has expressed interest in playing for America—he has dual nationality—but it's hard to imagine Klinsmann giving him a shot for these crucial matches. (The Gold Cup would make a lot more sense.)
The six-foot-seven, 20-year-old Hertha Berlin central defender John Anthony Brooks is another option, but only barely. Though supremely gifted, he is likely too young and too raw to receive serious consideration for these very serious matches.Michael Orozco Fiscal? Probably. The Puebla defender rarely inspires confidence, but he does play in LigaMX and he did score that game-winning goal in Estadio Azteca last August. He will receive consideration, and given the state of the U.S. defense, he is a likely candidate to make the roster.
Given all of this, the next U.S. roster might feature the following defenders: Matt Besler, Geoff Cameron, Timothy Chandler, Michael Orozco Fiscal, Omar Gonzalez, Fabian Johnson, Michael Parkhurst, and Jonathan Spector.
Factoring in their various woes and recent efforts, can the U.S. stop two dynamic offenses with this group?
Scary.
John Godfrey is the founder and editor-in-chief of American Soccer Now.
Which defenders should be included in the U.S. roster? Who should start? Share your thoughts in the Comments section below.
Anaheim Ducks' prospect Julius Nattinen has a new home.
After just one season with the Barrie Colts, who are now heading into a rebuild, the Ducks' 2015 2nd round pick has seen his OHL rights traded to the Windsor Spitfires.
Nattinen scored 22 goals and added 71 points during 52 regular season games with the Colts while (primarily) centering the top line. He followed that up with eight points in 12 playoff games before the Colts were swept by the Niagara IceDogs.
Nattinen will join a stacked team headlined by a trio of 2016 1st round picks in in Logan Brown (Ottawa), Mikhail Sergachev (Montreal) and Logan Stanley (Winnipeg).
Assuming Nattinen plays in the OHL next season he'll have the opportunity to play big minutes on a very good team that is set to host the 2016 Memorial Cup.
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is an American sitcom that originally aired on NBC from September 10, 1990 to May 20, 1996. The show stars Will "The Fresh Prince" Smith as a fictionalized version of himself, a street-smart teenager from West Philadelphia who is sent to move in with his wealthy aunt and uncle in their Bel Air mansion after getting into a fight in his hometown. In the series, his lifestyle often clashes with the lifestyle of his relatives in Bel Air. The series ran for six seasons and aired 148 episodes.[1][2]
Development [ edit ]
In 1990, music manager Benny Medina, along with his partner real estate mogul Jeff Pollack, decided to market a TV story based on Medina's life. Medina had grown up poor in East Los Angeles but his life changed when he befriended a rich white teenager, whose family lived in Beverly Hills and allowed Medina to live with them. Medina decided to use this part of his life as the main focus of the show. However, given that by then a black character living with a white family was a concept that had been done multiple times on TV, Medina decided to change the rich white family to a rich black family. "That way we could explore black-on-black prejudice as well as black class differences," Medina said in an interview for Ebony magazine.[3]
Medina pitched the idea to Quincy Jones, who had just signed a TV deal with Time-Warner. Jones was impressed by the idea and arranged a meeting with NBC chief Brandon Tartikoff. Will Smith was well known by then as his music career as The Fresh Prince had put him on the mainstream radar, but he had come into debt after failing to pay taxes. At the suggestion of his then-girlfriend, Smith went to a taping of The Arsenio Hall Show where he met Medina by chance. Medina pitched the idea to Smith, but Smith was reluctant, having never acted before. Medina invited Smith to meet Jones at a party that Jones was throwing at his house in December of 1989. There, Jones handed Smith a script for a failed Morris Day pilot that he had produced and challenged Smith to audition for Tartikoff on the spot. Will did so and the first contract for the show was drawn up that night in a limo outside. Three months later, the pilot was shot.[4]
The pilot episode began taping on May 1, 1990.[5] Season 1 first aired in September 1990, and ended in May 1991. The series finale was taped on Thursday, March 21, 1996,[6] and aired on May 20, 1996.
The theme song "Yo Home to Bel Air" was written and performed by Smith under his stage name, The Fresh Prince. The music was composed by Quincy Jones, who is credited with Smith at the end of each episode. The music often used to bridge scenes together during the show is based on a similar chord structure.
Plot [ edit ]
The theme song and opening sequence set the premise of the show. Will Smith is a street-smart teenager, West Philadelphia "born and raised". While playing street basketball, Will misses a shot and the ball hits a group of people, causing a confrontation that frightens his mother, who sends him to live with his wealthy aunt and uncle in the opulent neighborhood of Bel Air, Los Angeles.
Will's working-class background ends up clashing in various humorous ways with the upper class world of the Banks family – Will's uncle Phil and aunt Vivian and their children, Will's cousins: Hilary, Carlton, and Ashley.
The premise is loosely based on the real-life story of the show's producer Benny Medina.[8]
Cast and characters [ edit ]
Main [ edit ]
Recurring [ edit ]
Episodes [ edit ]
Season Episodes Originally aired Nielsen ratings[9] First aired Last aired Rank Rating 1 25 September 10, 1990 ( ) May 6, 1991 ( 1991-05-06 ) N/A N/A 2 24 September 9, 1991 ( ) May 4, 1992 ( 1992-05-04 ) 22 14.3[A] 3 24 September 14, 1992 ( ) May 10, 1993 ( 1993-05-10 ) 16 14.6[B] 4 26 September 20, 1993 ( ) May 23, 1994 ( 1994-05-23 ) 21 13.7[C] 5 25 September 19, 1994 ( ) May 15, 1995 ( 1995-05-15 ) N/A N/A 6 24 September 18, 1995 ( ) May 20, 1996 ( 1996-05-20 ) N/A N/A
Crossovers and other appearances [ edit ]
During the fall 1991–1992 season, NBC gained two hit television shows to anchor their Monday night lineup (Blossom aired immediately after The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air). To gain popularity between the two shows, Will Smith appeared in the Blossom episode "I'm with the Band" as himself under his rap stage name, The Fresh Prince. That same season, Karyn Parsons appeared in the Blossom episode "Wake Up Little Suzy" as Hilary Banks. Parsons also appeared in the Patti LaBelle sitcom Out All Night as Hilary.
In the House and Fresh Prince were both executive-produced by Winifred Hervey, David Salzman and Quincy Jones. During the second season's first episode, Alfonso Ribeiro and Tatyana Ali appeared as their Fresh Prince characters (Carlton and Ashley Banks) in the crossover episode "Dog Catchers". Later that season, James Avery (Phillip Banks) appeared as a mediator in the episode "Love on a One-Way Street".
In the Season 4 episode "My Pest Friend's Wedding", James Avery and Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian Banks) guest starred as Dr. Maxwell Stanton's parents (Stanton was played by Ribeiro). Both Avery and Reid portrayed the parents of Ribeiro's Fresh Prince character. Joseph Marcell, who played the wisecracking Geoffrey Butler on Fresh Prince, appeared as an officiating minister in the same episode.
Celebrity guests [ edit ]
The show is notable for having a heavy celebrity guest presence with more than 40 celebrities guest starring throughout the series. Seasons 1 and 4 had the highest celebrity participation with 10 guest stars each.[10]
Syndication [ edit ]
The series was produced by NBC Productions in association with the Stuffed Dog Company and Quincy Jones Entertainment (later Quincy Jones-David Salzman Entertainment in 1993). After the show was released to syndication in 1994, the series was distributed by Warner Bros. Television, which continues to distribute the show worldwide (although NBCUniversal does own the series' copyright).
The series formerly aired reruns on WGN America, TBS, Nick at Nite, Disney XD, ABC Family, BET, Centric, MTV and VH1.
Home media [ edit ]
Warner Home Video has released the complete series, seasons 1 to 6, on DVD in Region 1.[16] Seasons 1 to 4 have been released in Regions 2 and 4. Seasons 5 to 6 have been released in Region 2 in Germany, and in the complete series boxset in the United Kingdom.
DVD name Ep # Release dates Region 1 Region 2 Region 4 The Complete First Season 25 February 8, 2005[17] February 21, 2005[18] April 13, 2005[19] The Complete Second Season 24 October 11, 2005[20] November 21, 2005[21] March 1, 2006[22] The Complete Third Season 24 February 14, 2006[23] June 26, 2006[24] August 9, 2006[25] The Complete Fourth Season 26 August 8, 2006[26] January 22, 2007[27] December 6, 2006[28] The Complete Fifth Season 25 May 11, 2010[29] June 18, 2010 2018 The Complete Sixth & Final Season 24 April 19, 2011 May 6, 2011 2018 The Complete Series 148 April 12, 2011
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
Possible reboot [ edit ]
On August 13, 2015, it was reported that a reboot of the show was in development by Overbrook Entertainment, with Will Smith serving as a producer.[31][32] In August 2016, during a promotional interview with the E! television network, for his then upcoming film Suicide Squad, Smith denied that a reboot was in development, saying that it would happen "...pretty close to when Hell freezes over."[33]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Quotations related to The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air at Wikiquote Media related to The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air at Wikimedia Commons
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said Saturday "not everyone is college material" while urging for workforce development courses to be made available at technical colleges.
"Not everyone is college material," Conway told host Jeanine Pirro on Fox's "Justice with Judge Jeanine." "Not everyone has to graduate from a four year college with a mountain of debt and very few prospects."
Conway pointed to a trip President Trump and his daughter and special counselor Ivanka Trump will be making to Wisconsin for "Workforce Development Week." There, the president will visit a technical college along with Gov. Scott Walker (R) and Secretary of Labor Alex Acosta.
"They'll be going there to talk at a technical college and really see what's going on there and get some best practices as Ivanka's been doing for these roundtables and these listening sessions," Conway told Pirro.
"This involvement in workforce development means that if people want a vocational educational - technical educational - skills certificate, they should have access to that," she added.
Conway said skills certificate programs that make people "employable" need to be valued in the U.S.
"People are saying, 'Look, if you are in a skills certificate program, you can graduate and be employable - welders, carpenters, plumbers, hair dressers.' We need to value that. We need to value that in our country, and Ivanka Trump and her father will be out there doing that," Conway said.
"I think that was one of the reasons the president was elected," Pirro said in response.
Conway also said this is a new approach from previous years, while pointing to examples like Walker and Vice President Pence when he served as the governor of Indiana.
Originally Posted by mzz Originally Posted by
My translation (and original in Spanish below)
Mr Joseph Blatter
President of FIFA
Dear Mr. Blatter
The Uruguayan Football Association has learned about the statement made by FIFA Vicepresident, Mr. Jim Boyce, to the British newspaper The Sun.
Such statement refer to Uruguayan football player Luis Suárez, qualifying his behavior as one of a “cheater”, adding up that such behavior represents a “cancer” for football.
We believe words like these, coming from a gentleman who bears the title of Vicepresident of FIFA, which single out a football player and link the actions of this player to an illness that is a terrible threat for humankind, are at odds with the principles of world football.
We deem these words unacceptable and we cannot admit them. FIFA Code of Ethics, in its # 3, clearly states: “Officials should be aware of the relevance of their role and the obbligations and responsibilities it implies”.
Deliberately ignoring his role and his function, Mr Boyce has made specific reference to a football player, creating hostility against this player –more so when one considers the newspaper through which such statement was delivered.
As a consequence of the said reasons, the Executive Committee of the Uruguayan Football Association wants to communicate you that we have taken the following decisions:
1) To withdraw our previous trust in the person of Mr. Jim Boyce as FIFA Vicepresident.
2) To request Mr Boyce's actions to be judged by FIFA Ethics Tribunal
3) To communicate CONMEBOL Executive Committee of this resolution in order for such Committee to take the appropriate actions.
4) To express Mr Suárez the strong support of all Uruguayan football directors.
5) To remain alert regarding future developments of this issue in all matches the aforementioned player intervenes, be it defending his club or the Uruguay national team.
6) To publish the present note, which should be shown in AUF website.
Sincerely,
Dr. Sebastián Bauzá
President
Dr. Aníbal de Oliveira
General Secretary
"De nuestra consideración:
La Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol ha tomado conocimiento de expresiones vertidas por el Vicepresidente de FIFA, Sr. Jim Boyce, efectuadas al periódico The Sun de Inglaterra.
Dichas expresiones, refieren al jugador uruguayo Sr. Luis Suárez; calificando su conducta como un actuar "tramposo", así como a que tal situación constituye un "cáncer" para el fútbol.
Entendemos que este tipo de declaraciones, provenientes de una persona que ostenta el cargo de Vicepresidente de FIFA, haciendo referencia específica a un jugador de fútbol y vinculando su accionar a una enfermedad que constituye un flagelo para la humanidad, están en las antípodas de los principios rectores del fútbol mundial.
Resultan para la Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol inadmisibles e inaceptables las expresiones vertidas por esta persona. El Código de Ética de FIFA, en su art. 3 claramente expresa: "Los oficiales deberán ser conscientes de la importancia de su función y de las obligaciones y responsabilidades que implica".
Desconociendo deliberadamente su cargo y su función, el Sr. Boyce ha referido en forma específica a un jugador de fútbol, incentivando y provocando hostilidad hacia el mismo, más aún si se toma en consideración el medio en el cual dichas expresiones fueron vertidas.
Como consecuencia de lo antedicho, el Consejo Ejecutivo de la Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol, desea poner en su conocimiento que ha decidido:
1) Retirar la confianza a la persona del Sr. Jim Boyce, como Vicepresidente de la FIFA.
2) Solicitar que la conducta del Sr. Jim Boyce sea sometida a la consideración del Tribunal de Ética de la FIFA.
3) Comunicar al Comité Ejecutivo de Conmebol a efectos de que tome conocimiento de la situación planteada y tome las medidas que entienda pertinentes.
4) Expresar la profunda solidaridad de todos los dirigentes del Fútbol uruguayo con el jugador Sr. Luis Suárez.
5) Permanecer atentos al devenir de los acontecimientos y a la incidencia que las expresiones del Sr. Boyce tengan en el futuro, en los partidos en los que intervenga el citado jugador uruguayo tanto en defensa de la Selección de Uruguay, como en su club.
6) Hacer pública la presente nota, la que será publicada en el sitio web de la Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol.
Sin otro particular, le hacemos llegar un cordial saludo.
Dr. Sebastián Bauzá
Presidente
Dr. Aníbal de Olivera
Secretario General"
Wigan manager Malky Mackay (left) has replaced Uwe Rosler at the Latics
Wigan owner Dave Whelan has been accused of anti-Semitism following comments he made to a newspaper.
Attempting to defend new manager Malky Mackay, Whelan used derogatory terms in an interview with The Guardian.
The Football Association is already investigating Mackay following allegations he sent offensive text messages while Cardiff manager.
Anti-racism group Kick it Out has questioned whether Whelan is a "fit and proper person" to run the club.
"The remarks act as another example of the culture which continues to exist within football and further proves that some in positions of power seem comfortable sharing those views, either privately or publicly," added a Kick It Out statement.
"These comments must not go unchallenged and have to be investigated by the Football Association."
Jewish Leadership Council chief executive Simon Johnson, a former FA and Premier League executive, tweeted his anger with Whelan, calling on him to apologise for his "disgraceful anti-semitic language".
Criticism of Whelan comes on the day a sponsor ended its agreement with the club over Mackay's appointment.
Mackay, and Cardiff's former head of recruitment Iain Moody are under investigation for alleged racism and anti-Semitism over email and text exchanges while in charge at the Welsh club.
Attempting to explain the 42-year-old Scot's appointment by the club, Whelan is reported to have said there was not a lot wrong with the content of his messages.
The Guardian quote him as saying: "It's telling the truth. Jewish people love money, English people love money; we all love money."
BBC sports editor Dan Roan "For many, Wigan owner Dave Whelan's appointment of Malky Mackay - and now his controversial comments in defence of that decision - will provide further evidence that professional football exists in a moral bubble of its own, which all too often appears to be out of touch with modern values. "Increasingly it's costing football, too, with commercial sponsors distancing themselves from football's world governing body Fifa over its handling of allegations of corruption, from Sheffield United after the decision to let convicted rapist Ched Evans train, and now from Wigan over Mackay. "In the USA, the National Basketball Association banned Donald Sterling - the former owner of the LA Clippers - for life for racist comments. It will be fascinating to see how English football deals with Whelan."
The comments were described as "offensive" by West Ham United co-chairman David Gold.
He told BBC Radio 5 live: "I'm struggling to accept it and there it is black and white. It's undeniable."
Gold, who is Jewish, said he had known Whelan for a number of years and had never detected any anti-Semitic sentiments.
He added: "Maybe it's words that have come out that that he will now subsequently regret. I'm saddened by the words.
"I hope that in some way he retracts this because it is damaging relationships between him and many other people."
Earlier, kitchen firm Premier Range, which has its logo on the back of Wigan's shirts as part of a sponsorship deal that began in July, said it had been left in an "untenable" position by Mackay's appointment.
Premier Range carries a banner advertisement on its website
"Mr Mackay is currently under investigation by the FA for sending text messages that are at odds with the general ethos here at Premier Range," a statement said.
"A team that would employ a man who expresses views such as This is not the kind of team Premier Range wishes to deal with."
Wigan have been asked to respond but are yet to comment.
There's widespread support for phasing out public funding for private schools, according to a new poll released Wednesday by Environics.
The results were made public at an event in Calgary held by a coalition of organizations, including:
Alberta Teachers' Association.
Calgary and District Labour Council.
Public School Boards Association of Alberta.
CUPE 520.
Progress Alberta.
"We subsidize our private schools more than every other province in the country," said Duncan Kinney, the executive director of Progress Alberta.
Duncan Kinney, the executive director of Progress Alberta, says parents paying $10,000 or even $20,000 a year for children to attend an elite private school would likely still keep their kids in private school, regardless of a public taxpayer subsidy. (Dan McGarvey/CBC)
"We have 15 elite private schools in Calgary collectively soak up more than $30 million annually in public subsidies," Kinney said.
The poll shows close to six in 10 Albertans think the government provides too much operational funding to private schools and that 65 per cent somewhat support or strongly support reallocating funds back into public schools.
It also found 87 per cent of Albertans agree that schools receiving government funding should be required to be inclusive, accepting all students, regardless of cultural, social, religious or economic background.
Mark Ramsankar, president of the Alberta Teacher's Association, says diverting money to private schools puts pressure on an already struggling public system. (Dan McGarvey/CBC)
"If it's going to be a private school with a targeted focus and parents would like to send their children there, that should be their focus. The use of public funds puts undue pressure on the rest of the public system where we're trying to meet the needs of all children," said Mark Ramsankar, president of the Alberta Teacher's Association.
The poll was part of regular tracking surveys conducted for the Alberta Teachers' Association.
The findings come from a telephone survey of 805 adult Albertans interviewed in March. The margin of error is plus or minus 3.4 percentage points, 19 times out 20.
Israeli scholars are furious after new flooring was fitted 'behind their backs' by the Muslim authority in charge of Judaism's holiest site - potentially covering up clues to the location of the 'Lost Ark'.
The work at the Dome of the Rock was simply meant to replace carpet, worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine, which overlooks old Jerusalem.
But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
The discovery of the cryptic geometric patterns immediately caught the attention of some researchers, thrilled at the possibility of solving the Indiana Jones-type mystery which touches upon a holy grail for biblical enthusiasts.
Scroll down for video
Hidden: Workers place carpets over ancient floor designs in the cave under the Dome of the Rock, which Israeli scholars are angry they did not get the chance to document before they were covered
Legend: Scholars have suggested the flooring may give a clue as to where the Ark of the Covenant - imagined here in the 1981 Indiana Jones film - is hidden, which Jewish tradition says is buried under the Dome
'Something is there. I don't know what. But something is hidden there,' said Israeli archaeologist Zachi Dvira, who studies the site.
Yet it looks likely it will remain a mystery: scholars did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet, paid for by King Abdullah II of Jordan, the country which remains the custodian of the area's Muslim holy sites.
It has sparked a war of words between the Waqf, the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, which includes the Dome of the Rock, and Israeli archaeological authorities, who say the repairs were carried out behind their backs.
The scholars also fear the glue being used may permanently damage the floor.
Israel's housing minister Uri Ariel, of the nationalist Jewish Home party, waded in to the argument to urge an immediate halt to the work.
In an alarmed letter sent to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last week, he wrote: 'There is no need to elaborate on how important this site is, where every modification, every excavation with heavy equipment can cause irreparable harm to the foundations of the Temple.'
Row: The Dome of the Rock is one of the most contentious religious spots in all of Jerusalem, and the argument over the carpet is simply the latest in a long line of battle between Muslim and Jewish groups
Holy: The Dome of the Rock and its hilltop plaza is considered Judaism's holiest spot and Islam's third holiest
But the Waqf reject the accusations.
Sheikh Azzam Tamimi, the head of the Waqf, said the work is long overdue and has defiantly proclaimed that he was forbidding any Israeli involvement.
'Our work in Al Aqsa is transparent,' he said. 'We are only putting down carpet and felt. Nothing more, nothing less.'
They also deny the work will cause any damage.
Jamal Al Quda, a member of a group of Jordanian carpet layers who received Israeli visas for the job, said it was necessary to affix the base layer of thin dark felt before rolling out the carpet above it.
'It comes off my hand,' he added, rubbing his fingers.
Heritage: The Dome is thought to be one of the most interesting archaeological sites in Jerusalem
Finance: This latest work, pictured last Sunday, is being paid for by King Abdullah II of Jordan
This is not the first time tensions have flared over work at the Dome of the Rock.
WHY IS THE DOME OF THE ROCK SO IMPORTANT The Dome of the Rock is at the centre of competing claims. Muslims believe it enshrines the large rock slab where Muslim tradition says the Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven. Meanwhile, Jews believe the rock may be where the holiest part of the two ancient Temples stood as early as about 3,000 years ago — and where religious Jews pray a third Temple will one day be built. Ancient Jewish traditions say the Ark of the Covenant. which contained the Ten Commandments, may have been hidden away in a chamber when the First Jewish Temple was destroyed. The adjacent Western Wall, believed to be one of the last remnants of the Temple complex, is the holiest site where Jews can pray. But Palestinian officials reject Jewish historical ties to the site and the competing claims have been known to spill over into violence.
While Jerusalem may be the most excavated city in the world, the Dome and its hilltop plaza are an archaeological goldmine which has never been properly dug because of the political sensitivities surrounding the site, which is considered Judaism's holiest spot and Islam's third holiest.
In 1999, the Muslim authorities who administer the site dug an enormous hole 12 metres, or 40 feet, deep as part of construction for an underground prayer area, dumping 10,000 tons of earth in a nearby valley and an east Jerusalem dump.
The director of the Israeli Antiquities Authority at the time called it an 'archaeological crime'.
For years, Dvira and veteran Israeli archaeologist Gabriel Barkay have been leading a team of archaeologists and volunteers in combing through the dirt for historical finds.
The initiative, called the Temple Mount Sifting Project, is conducted under the auspices of the Elad Foundation, a group that also purchases Arab homes in contested parts of East Jerusalem and helps move Jews in.
Critics say this nationalist agenda should not mix with archaeology.
Israel's state comptroller wrote a scathing report in 2010 about the Muslim authorities' illicit work projects at the compound and Israel's failure at enforcing supervision there. Israeli officials kept the report classified out of concern that its publication could harm the sensitive relationship with Jordan.
Tens of thousands of worshippers attend weekly Friday prayers, and the carpets have been replaced before — most recently 12 years ago, at a time of heightened violence when Israeli antiquities officials were granted limited access to the site.
Social media: Leaked photos of the work have fuelled this latest argument between the two sides
Past renovation projects were done quietly behind the scenes.
Leaked photos posted on social media sites — combined with the political influence of Israeli nationalists monitoring the site — drew extra attention and fuelled the latest controversy.
Photos that were leaked to Facebook from the off-limits restoration site showed a number of geometric floor patterns never before documented by archaeologists, said Frankie Snyder, a researcher with the Temple Mount Sifting Project.
Some apparently date to when the Crusaders controlled the complex in the 12th century, she said.
'I'm worried about damage of the original floors,' said Barkay, the archaeologist. 'The patterns were never properly documented.'
Israel Hasson, the director of the Israeli Antiquities Authority, said once the government body learned about the renovation, it made arrangements with the Waqf to send an archaeologist to document some of the floor patterns, but others already had been covered by the maroon and beige carpeting.
'We got to part of them. We didn't get to it all. I won't ask anyone to pull up the carpets to document it,' Hasson said.
Kiev, Ukraine: Protesters in the Ukrainian capital claimed full control of the city Saturday following the signing of a Western-brokered peace deal aimed at ending the nation's three-month political crisis. The nation's embattled president reportedly fled the capital for his support base in Ukraine's Russia-leaning east.
Media outlets reported that President Viktor Yanukovych left Kiev for his native eastern Ukraine after surrendering much of his powers and agreeing to early elections this fall.
The changes came as part of Friday's deal intended to end violence that killed scores and left hundreds wounded in Kiev this week as snipers opened fire on protesters.
Andriy Parubiy, a leader of the protest camp on Independence Square, known as the Maidan, was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying that Yanukovych fled for Kharkiv, the center of Ukraine's industrial heartland. The claims of the president's departure could not be immediately confirmed, however.
Parubiy also said Saturday that protesters are now in full control of the capital. Police on Friday retreated from their positions in Kiev's government district, and the night passed quietly.
Despite significant concessions made by Yanukovych, many of the protesters have remained dissatisfied with the deal and pushed for his immediate ouster.
They booed opposition figures who took to a stage Friday evening to present the deal, which cuts Yanukovych's powers and calls for early elections but falls short of demands for his immediate resignation.
"Death to the criminal!" some chanted, referring to Yanukovych.
The leader of a major radical group that spearheaded clashes with police, Pravy Sektor, declared Friday that "the national revolution will continue."
A motion seeking the president's impeachment was submitted late Friday to the Ukrainian parliament, where members of Yanukovych's faction defected in droves to the opposition side, quickly passing constitutional amendments that trimmed Yanukovych's powers.
It wasn't clear if and when the impeachment motion would be put to vote.
Neither side won all the points it sought in Friday's deal, and some vague conditions could ignite strong disputes down the road.
The agreement signed Friday calls for presidential elections to be moved up from March 2015 to no later than December, but many protesters said that is far too late. And it does not address the issue that triggered the protests in November — Yanukovych's abandonment of closer ties with the European Union in favor of a bailout deal with longtime ruler Russia.
The standoff between the government and protesters escalated this week, as demonstrators clashed with police and snipers opened fire in the worst violence the country has seen since the breakup of the Soviet Union a quarter-century ago. The Health Ministry put the death toll at 77 and some opposition figures said it's even higher.
The U.S., Russia and the 28-nation EU are deeply concerned about the future of Ukraine, a divided nation of 46 million.
The country's western regions want to be closer to the EU and have rejected Yanukovych's authority in many cities, while eastern Ukraine that accounts for the bulk of the nation's economic output favors closer ties with Russia.
The parliament on Friday quickly approved a measure that could free Yanukovych's arch-rival Tymoshenko, who has served two and a half years on a conviction of abuse of office, charges that domestic and Western critics have denounced as a political vendetta.
Legislators voted to decriminalize the count under which Tymoshenko was imprisoned, meaning that she is no longer guilty of a criminal offense.
However, Yanukovych must still sign that bill into law, and then Tymoshenko's lawyers would have to ask the court for her release from prison in Kharkiv, the city controlled by Yanukovych's loyalists where the opposition has little public following.
The deal was a result of two days and all-night of shuttle diplomacy by top diplomats from Germany, France and Poland, who talked with the president and the opposition.
In Washington, White House press secretary Jay Carney said the deal is consistent with what the Obama administration was advocating, and that the U.S. will closely monitor whether it is fulfilled, holding out the threat of more sanctions if it's not.
In Moscow, a senior Russian lawmaker criticized the deal as a Western attempt to wrest Ukraine out of Russia's sphere of influence.
Leonid Slutsky, who chairs the committee in charge of relations with other ex-Soviet nations, told reporters that the agreement is "entirely in the interests of the United States and other powers, who want to split Ukraine from Russia."
Russia's mediator Vladimir Lukin's refused to sign the deal Friday, and the Russian Foreign Ministry warned that Ukraine should take into account all regions in its political transition, apparently referring to the areas in Ukraine's east and south.
AP
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Researchers from University of Copenhagen have reviewed the use of NIR spectroscopy to detect food fraud in a special issue of the scientific journal Current Opinion in Food Science, which reports on food science innovation.
"The problem is that the food analyses which are predominantly used today are only spot checks and they are typically targeted towards a single kind of food fraud. We would like to move away with this old-school methodology and instead take a "non-targeted" physicochemical fingerprint of the foodstuffs. By using fingerprints and contrasts we can determine whether a given batch of raw materials or ingredients are defective or different compared to the usual," says co-author of the article Professor Soren Balling Engelsen from the Department of Food Science (FOOD), at University of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The article mentions the case from 2008, where Chinese manufacturers added melamine to milk powder for infant formula, causing 300,000 children to fall ill and 6 deaths. Melamine is a synthetic substance with 66% nitrogen and it was added to the milk powder to make customers believe that it contained more protein than was actually the case and thus had a higher value. The fraud succeeded tragically, because "protein content" was checked using the old Kjeldahl method - a method of analysis that measures the total nitrogen content in the food, which is then equated with the protein content. In this case, the detected substance was not protein, but the hazardous to your health melamine nitrogen.
Advertisement
"Now there is probably no longer anyone who would think about putting melamine in milk powder. An alternative nitrogen-rich substance could be Urea, or in popular terms "piss in the powder", where nitrogen rich urea is used to fool the Kjeldahl analysis - but not NIR spectroscopy," says Soren Balling Engelsen.
NIR spectroscopy is already used, but not enough
Another advantage of NIR spectroscopy is that you can examine large quantities of raw materials or ingredients. With spectroscopic monitoring it is possible to examine close to 100% of the ingredients and raw materials that goes into the production, thereby considerably reducing production errors or productions that are of a lower quality than the recipe dictates. At the same time, the company can use the method to optimise its consumption of raw materials and to achieve a consistent, environmentally and safe production.
A good example of a food ingredient that can be manipulated by the suppliers is the desirable gum arabic (E414), which has some valuable properties as a stabiliser, chewing properties and flavour release. Gum arabic is found in Ga-Jol, for example.
"However, it is easy to adulterate food with gum arabic, when it appears in the form of freeze-dried powder, which many suppliers have gradually started to sell. Previously, it was found most often in the form of "tears" from the acacia tree - that is, as large amber-like clumps that cannot be easily forged. But it has been difficult to obtain high quality gum arabic because of the war and unrest in the growing areas (South Sudan). As a powder, it is easy to falsify the gum arabic by mixing an inferior quality with the good and sell it all as being of a high quality. This kind of fraud can also be detected by NIR spectroscopy," says Soren Balling Engelsen.
The methods are already being used in parts of the food industry, but according to the researchers it is far from being widespread enough.
"We have known and developed these methods for 20 years and they have become better and cheaper over time. The use of NIR spectroscopy to monitor food quality was already endorsed in the 1970s when Canada began to replace the chemical requiring and cumbersome Kjeldahl analysis with NIR spectroscopy to analyse their cereals for the protein content. For this purpose, NIR spectroscopy is exclusively used as a targeted method i.e. for measuring protein content. But when you want to detect food fraud and food adulteration, you are not looking for a single substance, but have to look broadly. An increased use of NIR spectroscopy will definitely be able to save us from many forms of food modification that could be of more or less serious kinds - from receiving lower quality products to becoming seriously ill," says Soren Balling Engelsen.
3 types of food modifications
In the article in Current Opinion in Food Science, the researchers defined the following 3 degrees of undesired modifications of food:
Food Fraud:
Intentional misrepresentation of foods, food raw materials and ingredients, typically with the aim of artificially augmenting the quality of the food item. This includes the use of prohibited substances, contamination of the product and other non-compliances to product descriptions. Food fraud includes the melamine example and in many cases can be detected by NIR spectroscopy.
Food Adulteration:
Undeclared introduction of an additional cheaper substance to foods, food raw materials and ingredients with the aim of artificially augmenting the quantity of the authentic food item. Adulteration testing is both qualitative and quantitative. Food adulteration includes the gum arabic example and in many cases can be detected by NIR spectroscopy.
Food Authenticity:
Refers to the truthfulness of the quality of foods, food raw materials and ingredients including the origin, variety, orginal production recipes, producers, applied methods, geographical location and time. Authenticity testing is not quantitative and could be detected by NIR spectroscopy to a limited extent.
NIR spectroscopy
Near-infrared spectroscopy can provide a physicochemical fingerprint of a biological sample (e.g. a foodstuff). This is done by sending light into the foodstuff and measuring the light that is sent back. The fingerprint will often contain 1000+ spectral variables that each relate to the physicochemical composition of the foodstuff in their own unique way.
You can hold this fingerprint (called a spectrum) against a validated fingerprint of the same sample material by using multivariate data analysis (chemometrics). The measurement will detect fluctuations in many different ingredients at once, which is why it is a "non-targeted" method of analysis.
“I will go to jail for you. If you happen to have raped three women, I will own up to it.”
“For this martial law and the consequences of martial law and the ramifications of martial law, I and I alone would be responsible. Just do your work. I will handle the rest,” he told soldiers on Friday.
Duterte last week imposed martial law in his home region of Mindanao, a southern island home to 20 million people, to fight ISIS-affiliated militant groups who reportedly clashed with police.
President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines, known for his off-color “sense of humor,” joked to soldiers after imposing martial law that they could rape three women and keep his support.
Read more
President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines, known for his off-color “sense of humor,” joked to soldiers after imposing martial law that they could rape three women and keep his support.
Duterte last week imposed martial law in his home region of Mindanao, a southern island home to 20 million people, to fight ISIS-affiliated militant groups who reportedly clashed with police.
“For this martial law and the consequences of martial law and the ramifications of martial law, I and I alone would be responsible. Just do your work. I will handle the rest,” he told soldiers on Friday.
“You can arrest any person, search any house.”
“I will go to jail for you. If you happen to have raped three women, I will own up to it.”
The details of the conflict in Mindanao are spotty. When he declared martial law on Tuesday, he cited the beheading of a police chief, a chief who was, in fact, not beheaded and is still alive.
He's said since then that he is prepared to expand martial law across the country. “I will not allow the country to go to the dogs,” he said, according to the Washington Post.
His comments sparked condemnation from the Philippine Women's Party, who issued a statement saying, “Rape is not a joke.”
Duterte styles himself as an everyman politician and is known for being crass. On the campaign trail, he “joked” that “the mayor should have been first” in the gang-rape and murder of an Australian missionary in 1989. He was, of course, referring to himself: he was the mayor. After the comment, his lead widened in the polls.
Since assuming the presidency last May, Duterte has waged a bloody war on drugs that has killed thousands.
President Donald Trump invited Duterte to the Oval Office, calling him a “good man.”
“You're doing an amazing job,” Trump added.
Coming Soon
No Good Nick
A family finds their lives turned upside down when a young, street-smart grifter shows up on their doorstep, claiming to be a distant relative.
Wine Country
When a group of longtime girlfriends goes to Napa for the weekend to celebrate their friend's 50th birthday, tensions from the past boil over.
Rilakkuma and Kaoru
Kaoru's unexpected new roommate is Rilakkuma, a bear with a zipper on its back that spends each day just lazing around -- but is impossible to hate.
River's Edge
High schooler Haruna befriends loner Yamada, then is drawn into the tangled relationship between him, a model and the girl who loves him unreasonably.
Sweet Magnolias
Maddie Townsend has a lot on her plate -- including three kids, a cheating husband and one unlikely suitor who has everyone in town talking.
Raise the Bar
In this animated series, a high school girl attempts to overcome the odds and become a champion weightlifter in the Olympics.
Go! Go! Cory Carson
Join kid car Cory Carson on his adventures around the winding roads of childhood in Bumperton Hills! Based on the hit toy line Go! Go! Smart Wheels.
Paskal
Naval unit PASKAL is among the most elite special forces in Malaysia. But all bets are off when one of its own stages a hijacking. Based on true events.
The Record has learned that the old Gas Works site on 12th Street in New Westminster will be redeveloped as an experimental environmental co-operative housing project.
The project will be a tri-partner development triggered by new federal funding for social housing and the federal government's commitment to impacting climate change. The province owns the land, and the city will be in charge of co-ordinating all aspects of the project. The city, province and two federal government departments, Environment and Climate Change Canada, and Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation, have signed a memorandum of understanding, according to New Westminster Mayor Jonathan Cote.
article continues below
“It is an extremely exciting project,” Cote told the Record.
“It combines co-housing with relocatable tiny housing units in an experimental combination,” Cote added.
The project dubbed ‘ecoti' for environmental/co-operative/tiny housing, has never been tried anywhere else, according to Cote.
The idea had been percolating in city hall for about five years but there was no suitable city-owned site available. When the Gas Works roof collapsed recently, it brought the city and province together again to discuss the site and future possibilities. The site was once considered for a community centre, but costs for remediating the soil were too high to justify the city's involvement.
Cote said that during the talks about the Gas Works site it was agreed that the building could not be refurbished or saved, and it was at that point that the ‘ecoti' housing plan was put on the table.
“I have to admit, there were some skeptical folks at the first meeting,” Cote said. Although there have been smaller and similar projects in London, England and Australia, nothing has been built this green or this big with units that are completely removable.
He said the combo housing plan pushes the envelope in several ways.
The development includes 200 portable tiny houses, 60 per cent of which will be built out of shipping containers. The housing units will be placed into a staggered four-storey grid. The infrastructure is seismically sound because it is built out of strong but flexible metal. Plumbing, electrical cables and services are run through giant pvc pipes that can be accessed easily from outside the structure. The pipes will be designed as public art in different shapes and colours. It will also be 70 per cent ‘off the grid' using geo-thermal and solar energy.
He said it is best viewed as a ‘beehive' kind of housing, a bit futuristic but with function as its main goal.
The entire structure has large solar panel levels and community gardens built into the grid. The roof is also a ‘living' eco-system with water recycling features and gardens. There will also be a massive vertical vineyard on the south side of the site.
There is one large area that will include a bike maintenance shop, an organic self-beer making shop, a wine-making room, a ‘suspension' yoga area and an ‘elders' wisdom room'. There is also a pocket urban farm which will have a communal chicken coop, and perhaps even some goats for milking – although that will be left up to the residents of ‘ecoti' to determine.
The city and province will be able to avoid massive remediation of the site because it will be built on top of the soil, and will not disturb the soil. The structure will be anchored by huge piling-like footings driven up to two city blocks vertically into the ground. These will provide seismic stability as well as house state-of-the-art geo-thermal heating systems.
Part of the plan for the development is to ensure complete diversity. There will be cells (the spaces into which the tiny portable houses can be placed) reserved for seniors, young couples, single women with up to two cats, and, of course, subsidized housing for those on income assistance. Cote is also hoping that at least one refugee family will be in the mix.
While the rough architectural drawings have not been released yet, Cote said the development will also pay tribute to the heritage of the site and will use one of the walls of the former Gas Works. The wall will be part of the co-op gardening beehive colony area.
“It will be an amazing development,” Cote said.
As for cost, Cote said, the tiny homes (ranging in size from 150 square feet to 500 square feet) will cost between $99,000 and $199,000 and the financing will be managed by the government directly.
The owner can have their unit removed and moved to another site, if, in the future they need to relocate. Cote said this is ideal for young people who may want to take their container and live off the grid in the Interior, for example. Owners can also replace their unit with a new one if they want. The units can be moved with a large crane, and are built so that they can slide in and out of their cells.
“Imagine an immense Lego-development, but only it is completely sustainable,” he said.
As well, Cote said that there will be significant discounts for owners who do not have gas or diesel vehicles.
“It's a development where you can pay less for your home and help the environment as well,” Cote added.
Maintenance or share costs would be in addition to the base cost of the unit, and depend on if the owners decide to manage the facility by themselves or hire a property management company.
Cote said city staff are now working on new bylaws and zoning to enable the project to move ahead as quickly as possible.
He hopes to have major construction start in the fall, with completion in one year's time.
The project is part of the city's long-term plan to expand housing choices in New Westminster. Last year the city passed a bylaw ensuring that new condo or apartment developments would have a percentage of three-bedroom suites for families.
Cote said the city had been pondering the shipping container/tiny home plan for quite a while and council had visited the Google barges in Portland Maine in 2014. The planning department had looked at a similar idea of mooring barges on the waterfront with shipping container homes on them, but the challenges with servicing the barges and homes made the idea impractical.
No one from the province or federal governments was available to comment by presstime at noon Friday, April 1.
CANBERRA -- Australia may shortly have a new Prime Minister, with Tony Abbott rising to a leadership challenge by Malcolm Turnbull and calling for a party room ballot tonight.
The former Communications Minister finally declared his hand earlier today and challenged Abbott, saying the government was not capable in providing economic leadership and questioning Abbott's leadership style.
Turnbull has promised a different style of leadership, with a return to cabinet style government and an end to captain's calls.
The current Deputy and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop will stand with Turnbull in a leadership spill. After hours of silence, the Prime Minister emerged late this afternoon to say he will fight for his job.
“There will be a Party Room ballot for both the leadership and deputy leadership positions later this evening. I will be a candidate and I expect to win," he said.
Abbott said he has been heartened by support, but dismayed by months of destabilisation.
“I do say to my fellow Liberals that the destabilisation just has to stop,” he told reporters in Canberra.
“I firmly believe that our party is better than this, that our Government is better than this and, by God, that our country is so much better than this.”
Malcolm Turnbull and Julie Bishop at Parliament House on June 23 (Fairfax Media/Andrew Meares)
Treasurer Joe Hockey has also hit back at Turnbull, saying the concerns about Australia's economic direction he is now outlaying were never relayed to him or the rest of the Abbott cabinet.
“The disloyalty of some has been outrageous,” he said.
Hockey is the first senior Minister to declare support for Abbott, since the challenge was announced.
Turnbull supporters have told The Huffington Post Australia they are confident he has the numbers in the Liberal Party room.
They cite Bishop's move to join Turnbull and say a “significant” section of the party's right faction has moved support away from Abbott.
HuffPost Australia understands Turnbull has made several concessions to the right, including keeping the current climate targets, committing to a plebiscite on same-sex marriage and agreeing not to go to an early election.
Vision courtesy ABC News
Abbott's support is not known, but he said the message he has been getting from MPs is “We are not the Labor Party.”
“This country needs strong and stable Government and that means avoiding, at all costs, Labor's revolving-door Prime Ministership,” he said.
He has intimated that Turnbull, who he defeated in a leadership spill in 2009 by one vote, is motivated by personal ambition.
“The Prime Ministership of this country is not a prize or a plaything to be demanded. It should be something which is earned by a vote of the Australian people.”
But, Turnbull said he was motivated by saving his party from electoral defeat. Polls since the first budget have had the Coalition in an election losing position.
“We have lost 30 Newspolls in a row. It is clear that the people have made up their mind about Mr Abbott's leadership,” Turnbull said.
“Now if we continue with Mr Abbott as Prime Minister, it is clear enough what will happen. He will cease to be Prime Minister and he'll be succeeded by Mr Shorten.”
Turnbull was also critical of Abbott's leadership style.
“We need advocacy, not slogans. We need to respect the intelligence of the Australian people.”
SAN ANTONIO — Tim Duncan did not wrestle with the decision per se, but it is fair to say he sparred with it.
From the time the 38-year-old Spurs captain left the champagne-soaked euphoria of the AT&T Center on the night of June 15, an improbable fifth Larry O'Brien trophy in his grasp, he had nine days to decide whether he wanted to put his body through the rigors it would take to try for a sixth.
It took all nine of them for Duncan to decide, at last, to opt in for the final season of his contract.
“There was some hesitation there,” Duncan admitted.
More Information Key dates Today: First practice Wednesday: Open scrimmage @AT&T Center, 6 p.m. Oct. 8: Preseason opener @Albin Berlin, 1 p.m. Oct. 28: Regular-season opener vs. Mavericks, 7 p.m., TNT Manu talks to Pop, clears air on World Cup ban. C9
Read More
In the end, Duncan's rationale was simple: An NBA career can only go on for so long, and he didn't want to tempt the regret of leaving a season on the table.
“It came down to, I'm not going to be able to do this again,” Duncan said Friday, at his 18th annual Spurs media day. “So as long as I'm feeling I can (play), and I feel good about it, this is where I want to be.”
Duncan's choice to return, at a $10.3 million price tag, crystallized the rest of the Spurs' offseason.
The so-called Drive For Five completed, the Race for Seis was on.
With their Hall of Fame-bound big man on board, Spurs brass moved swiftly to re-sign free agents Boris Diaw (three years, $23 million), Patty Mills (three years, $9.9 million) and Matt Bonner (one year, $1.45 million).
When backup center Aron Baynes finally put his signature to a new one-year pact worth $2.1 million Friday, it ensured every member of last season's NBA championship team would be back to defend the title.
“We had a pretty good year,” deadpanned coach Gregg Popovich, still sporting his white offseason beard. “So I didn't see any reason to kick them out of town and make trades and change things.”
If there is a change in the Spurs, from media day 2013 to now, it is a matter of motivation.
Last September, the Spurs emerged from the offseason angry and determined after squandering a Finals series against Miami, desperate for another shot at the championship that got away.
That fire fueled them until the final victorious seconds of Game 5 of June's rematch with the Heat.
Spurs players acknowledge that level of hunger might be difficult to match in the season to come, even as they seek the first back-to-back titles in franchise history.
“Of course you are not as hurt,” guard Manu Ginobili said. “Usually a hurt animal is more dangerous. We're going to have to work mentally to have the same desire.”
With a few temporary exceptions, the team that hits the practice floor Saturday beneath the 2014 NBA championship banner already hanging in the team's workout facility will look identical to the squad that earned it in June.
Diaw, 33, has been given the first part of camp off after playing for the French national team over the summer. He is set to join the team when it arrives in Germany next month for a series of practices leading up to an Oct. 8 preseason game against Alba Berlin.
Diaw's French teammate, All-Star point guard Tony Parker, was excused from Friday's media day responsibilities but is expected here in time for the first camp session.
Mills is out until at least January after offseason surgery on his rotator cuff. The 37-year-old Ginobili, meanwhile, is progressing in his recovery from a right leg stress fracture that bothered him throughout last summer's Finals run and kept him out of the FIBA World Cup tournament.
“It's a work in progress still,” Ginobili said. “I'm not at the same pace as my teammates, but I'm slowly getting in shape and getting ready.”
For Duncan, a similar build-up already has begun.
There will be times during the 82-game grind to come — say, February in Detroit — when Duncan will second-guess his decision to return.
Depending on what happens with free agent guard Ray Allen, Duncan will begin the season as the NBA's third-oldest player behind the Los Angeles Lakers' Steve Nash and Washington's Andre Miller.
Had he so chose, Duncan could be at home with his two children, or spending more time at his auto detailing shop.
On the eve of another Spurs training camp, however, Duncan could think only of doing what he's always done once October approaches.
“I look forward to getting out there and playing more basketball,” Duncan said.
Because of that, so are the Spurs.
jmcdonald@express-news.net
Twitter: @JMcDonald_SAEN
David Armstrong, of Sutton-in-Ashfield, failed to ensure home was ‘free from excessive accumulation of belongings or rubbish'
A Nottinghamshire man has been sent to jail after failing to keep his home tidy.
Ashfield district council took David Armstrong to civil court, arguing that he had breached an injunction imposed in November ordering him to ensure that his property in Sutton-in-Ashfield was “maintained in a clean and tidy condition, free from excessive accumulation of belongings or rubbish that could cause a health and safety or fire risk”. Details of the case emerged in a written ruling published by the judge.
Judge David Potts, who considered the case at Mansfield county court, said Armstrong had admitted breaching last year's order and a separate order barring him from having visitors between the hours of 9.30pm and 10am. He imposed a jail term of 28 days.
Human-caused changes in the environment are linked to differences in the microbiome – the community of bacteria and other microbes that normally inhabit the skin – of a threatened species of frog, according to a new study.
Since the skin microbiome is essentially a major component of a frog's immune system, the findings suggest that land use change could increase amphibians' vulnerability to disease. In turn, this could be a clue to why some populations of frogs are more susceptible than others to a chytrid fungus, Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis, that causes a fatal skin infection and has resulted in declines and even extinctions of amphibian species worldwide.
Researchers collected specimens of Blanchard's cricket frog (Acris blanchardi) from 11 sites in Ohio and Michigan. The inch-long frog was once widespread throughout the central United States, but since the 1970s has declined sharply in the northern portion of its range.
The researchers used a cotton swab to collect a sample of each animal's skin microbiome and analyzed the bacteria characteristic of each one. Frogs collected from ponds surrounded by natural forest or prairie have a different microbiome than frogs from ponds near houses, farmland, athletic fields, parking lots, and golf courses, the researchers report in the journal Biological Conservation.
Other influences on the composition of the microbiome include latitude, pond size, and water conductivity – a measure that reflects the amount of chemical runoff entering a pond.
The researchers also bathed the frogs in a chemical solution that caused them to release natural peptide secretions (NPS), antimicrobial molecules that play a role in in amphibian immune defenses. The amount of NPS produced by the frogs differs across sites and is also linked to pond size and water conductivity, they found.
The researchers tested the activity of these skin secretions against the chytrid fungus grown in laboratory dishes. Surprisingly, higher NPS concentrations resulted in slightly greater growth of the fungus.
Earlier this year, a different group of researchers finds that differences in frog microbiomes are linked to differences in the vulnerability to B. dendrobatidis infection.
Many researchers believe that chytrid infection is one factor contributing to the decline of Blanchard's cricket frog, although the populations of frogs in this study were not infected with the fungus.
And the new study stops short of demonstrating a causal link between habitat change and disease resistance. (The researchers only collected data on the frogs' microbiome composition, not on microbiome function.)
Still, the finding that altering the habitat around a frog changes the ecosystem on a frog is a striking one. Sometimes the changes our species touches off are small – microscopic even – but dramatic nevertheless. – Sarah DeWeerdt | December 22, 2015
Source: Krynak K.L. et al. “Landscape and water characteristics correlate with immune defense traits across Blanchard's cricket frog (Acris blanchardi) populations.” Biological Conservation DOI: 10.1016/j.biocon.2015.11.019
Header image: A herpetologist holds a Blanchard's cricket frog (Acris blanchardi). Credit: The Wandering Herpetologist via Flickr.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KENT COUNTY, Mich. – Public works officials in Kent County say we're running out of room in our landfills.
Kent County has over 600,000 residents generating nearly 1.8 million cubic yards of trash each year according to Darwin Baas, Director of the Department of Public Works. It's a growing rate of garbage he says can't be sustained for long.
“It's seasonal, but we usually see a couple hundred trucks a day and the waste is anything from residential food waste, construction debris,” said Baas. “It's material that we have to do a better job sorting out before it ever comes here.”
The Michigan Municipal Solid Waste Characterization Evaluation Project conducted by the county in 2015 found: between standard recycling and compostable food and yard waste, nearly 75 percent of waste dumped in the Kent County landfill should have been reduced, reused or recycled. These findings estimate the landfill will run out of room for trash in roughly 10 years.
“Instead of it going for scrap or something it's ending up here and we're burying it, and we're never going to go back again and find it,” Baas said
Daniel Schoomaker, Executive Director of West Michigan's Sustainable Business Forum said there's not only environmental implications but economical ones as well.
“The damage economically is we're throwing away nearly $400 million worth of material every year [state wide],” Schoonmaker said.
That's roughly $52 million thrown into the trash right here in West Michigan, which eliminates nearly 370 jobs, according to the study.
So why aren't we recycling and what can we do about this problem?
“The easiest answer is inconvenience,” said Schoonmaker. “People as a culture don't seem to prioritize recycling as much as you think they would. People don't like to put in extra effort or pay the extra money.”
Schoonmaker says it's up to residents and business owners to make a commitment to reduce, reuse and recycle. The goal is to eliminate as many materials from the waste stream as possible.
The Kent Country Department of Public Works is now asking residents to partner with them by making a pledge to recycle smarter. The 'Imagine Trash' campaign seeks to reduce waste going into landfills by 20 percent by 2020 and by 90 percent by 2030.
“It's no longer acceptable to bury 1.3 million tons of waste in landfills every year,” said Baas. “I have conversations with manufacturers and retailers and residents saying, ‘Yes, we want to reduce our waste but we don't know where to begin.' There is broad community interest to move the pendulum the other way and, as a community, we're going to transform the way we manage waste. We need to change.”
For more information on the role you can play, take the pledge at www.imaginetrash.org
Update: The AMA is now concluded. We had a great turnout, and our fans asked a bunch of fantastic questions about both BlackBerry and the PRIV. Check out the thread here.
As you well know, reception to the PRIV on reddit has been very strong. Back when we first announced the phone, redditors expressed interest about everything from the slider keyboard to the simple fact that it was a BlackBerry running Android. And once those redditors had a chance to spend some time with the device, they found plenty of things to praise about it (they aren't alone in that).
Of course, they also had plenty of questions.
That's why this Thursday (Dec. 3) at 2 PM Eastern, BlackBerry is hosting an AMA (Ask Me Anything) session on r/Android. In attendance will be BlackBerry Security Director and Canada's Smartest Person Finalist Alex Manea, BlackBerry Director of Software Michael Clewley, and Customer Support community manager and prolific how-to blogger, Ty Williams.
Whether you're curious about how to get the most out of PRIV's many cutting-edge features, interested in understanding more about BlackBerry's security, or learning about updates to the PRIV's Android OS, they'll answer your questions as best as they can.
To attend, simply login to reddit via browser or mobile app, go to the r/Android subreddit and access the AMA thread. We look forward to seeing you there. If you miss it, come to r/Android and read the transcript afterwards.
In the meantime, while you wait for Thursday to roll around, why not check out our Q&A with the PRIV's designers?
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
Glenn Greenwald vs. Walter Pincus
Glenn Greenwald, the Guardian journalist who published Edward Snowden's NSA leaks, has written an open letter to the Washington Post's Walter Pincus calling on him to correct a column that he says is riddled with factual errors and "grounded solely in baseless innuendo."
Pincus's column, published online Monday, questioned whether Snowden had taken a job at Booz Allen Hamilton in order to gather classified documents about the NSA's surveillance, and whether or not he had been encouraged to do so by WikiLeaks.
Today, Greenwald argues that Pincus misled his readers by ignoring the facts. Pincus argues that Snowden had been with Booz Allen for less than three months; Greenwald points out that Snowden "has worked more or less continuously at the NSA for various contractors since 2009."
(WATCH: POLITICO series ‘On Media' with Dylan Byers)
"By the time he contacted us, he had already been working at the NSA with extensive top secret authorization for almost four years," Greenwald writes. "To conceal this vital fact from your readers - in order to leave them with the false impression that he only began working at the NSA after he spoke with me, Laura Poitras and your Washington Post colleague Bart Gellman - is deceitful and reckless."
Greenwald also criticizes Pincus for small factual errors: Pincus seems to have inaccurately stated that Greenwald wrote a column for the WikiLeaks Press's blog (he wrote the column for Salon) and stated that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange had discussed the new NSA surveillance program ahead of Greenwald's first story (Assange, Greenwald argues, was referring to a previous spying program.)
Pincus did not immediately respond to POLITICO's request for comment, but the truth is that the factual errors Greenwald takes issue with here are sort of negligible. The larger issue, the real issue, Greenwald only addresses at the end:
Our NSA stories have been published and discussed in countless countries around the world, where they have sparked shock, indignation and demands for investigation. So revealingly, it is only American journalists - and them alone - who have decided to focus their intrepid journalistic attention not on the extremist and legally dubious surveillance behavior of the US government and serial deceit by its top officials, but on those who revealed all of that to the world.
News about Snowden has been eclipsing news about the substance of his leaks for weeks*, but Pincus is particularly suited to the task of grand inquisitor. Remember, it was Pincus who went against the entire press corps for what he believed was an overheated and sanctimonious response to the Justice Department's subpoenas of Associated Press reporters' phone records.
Pincus did get some things wrong in his column -- embarassingly so, according to Greenwald. Nevertheless, Greenwald is fighting the uphill battle. Despite how troubling the NSA's surveillance practices are, the American people seem content to live with them. Moreover, the news cycle has moved on, dominated now by The Zimmerman trial, Egypt, et al. Finally, Greenwald doesn't seem to have any more big revelations up his sleeve.
Maybe that's not the way it should be, but that's the way it is.
UPDATE (10:10 a.m.): Greenwald emails POLITICO: "There are many more domestic stories coming, and big ones, and soon."
*Accidentally wrote "months" in an earlier version of this post. Meant "weeks."
The curtain has been lifted for Magic Girl, the long-awaited project by famed pinball designer John Popadiuk. This years-in-the-works project was previously only privy to buyers of the game who signed a non-disclosure agreement before purchasing. Now, ringmaster Popadiuk shares with the world how Magic Girl has progressed from an idea to concept sketches to final works of art with the public unveiling of the design and development blog for the game. After a quick perusal of the site, items of note include the detailed art concepts for the backglass, a peek into the manufacturing facility for the game, and some innovative new features.
Popadiuk is no stranger to innovation in pinball thanks to some of his past hits which include Cirqus Voltaire, Tales of the Arabian Nights, World Cup Soccer, and more. In addition to Magic Girl, the pinball inventor has been busy creating the Radioactive Zombie Adventureland pinball machine. With the limited number of games in production having been purchased years ago, this peek inside the process could be the closest many of us are able to get to a Magic Girl pinball for many years.
https://magicgirldev.wordpress.com/
While the world is preparing to usher in a New Year with hopes of peace and stability, Ukrainian nationalists are planning to celebrate a Nazi collaborator as their hero and guiding light.
Stepan Bandera was the leader and ideologue of a Ukrainian nationalist militia during and after the Second World War that claimed to be fighting communists but joined the German SS troops to massacre Jews, Poles and other ethnic groups in pursuit of a "pure" Ukrainian state.
One of Ukraine's present-day nationalist parties represented in parliament, Svoboda (Liberty), is organizing a Nazi-style torch-lit marches in Kiev and Odessa to mark Bandera's 107th birthday on 1 January 2016. This will be a 10th such event and a third since the start of the EuroMaidan "revolution" in November 2013. For some reason, the Ukrainians call it a "revolution of dignity."
#Krasnoarmiysk residents talked about Stepan Bandera & decided to hold a march to honor him. https://t.co/Tlb9ltTRWt pic.twitter.com/sAvefzXIX7 — News of Donbas (@novostidnua_en) December 27, 2015
​The celebration of Nazi collaborators in Kiev and Odessa will come just days after Ukraine's President apologized for their role in the Holocaust during a state visit to Israel.
Addressing the Israeli parliament, the Knesset, ten days ago President Poroshenko said: "We must remember the negative events in history, in which collaborators helped the Nazis with the Final Solution."
In Israel Poroshenko admits to Nazi collaborators. In Ukraine he still calls them heroes https://t.co/fyYnaa8T6N pic.twitter.com/XkkZ2omJQR — Nahia Sanzo (@nsanzo) December 28, 2015
Poroshenko's apology for the crimes of Ukrainian nationalists of yesteryear "before the children and grandchildren of the victims of the Holocaust…" has invited a spate of vitriol from the nationalists of today.
"This kind of humiliation of Ukrainians has not been recorded in our history yet. During a visit to Israel, President Poroshenko apologized for the 'Ukrainian participation in the Holocaust,' " the leader of Ukraine's Radical Party Oleh Lyashko posted on Facebook.
To him this amounted to "belittling Ukrainians [and] proclaiming inferiority of his [Poroshenko's] people on the international level".
Ukrainian Chief Rabbi Yaakov Dov Bleich dismissed Lyashko's complaints as misguided:
"No one accused the Ukrainian people of causing or creating the Holocaust. However, the fact is that there were Ukrainians who participated in the murder and persecution of Jews. They are worthy of condemnation."
But Ukrainian nationalists are doing exactly the opposite.
Konotop's neo-Nazi mayor triple-smileys completion of city's "de-communization" pic.twitter.com/1hGPHVCP6R — Mark Ames (@MarkAmesExiled) December 21, 2015 ​​Deep Problem in Ukrainian Democracy
A video of an opposition lawmaker saluting Adolf Hitler made its way online right after President Poroshenko's apology in the Knesset.
​In the video, Artyom Vitko, the former commander of the Kiev backed Luhansk-1 "volunteer" Battalion and now a member of Lyashko's Radical Party, can be seen sitting in the back of a car wearing camouflage fatigues and singing along to a track extolling the virtues of the Fuehrer.
"Adolf Hitler, together with us, Adolf Hitler, in each of us, and an eagle with iron wings will help us at the right time," Vitko sings, saluting the camera with his water bottle as the car's sound system blares "Heil Hitler."
Ukraine is so illogical now that they've created a Saint and a Martyr out of a Nazi war criminal--Stepan Bandera. #MH17 #politics — Bartosz Scheller (@BartoszScheller) October 13, 2015
​"The sight of a member of the Ukrainian Parliament singing a song praising Hitler, underscores the extremely deep problem in today's Ukrainian democracy regarding the ongoing efforts in that country (and elsewhere throughout post-Communist Eastern Europe, especially in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Hungary) to rewrite the narrative of World War II and the Holocaust," Dr Ephraim Zuroff of the Simon Wiesenthal Center told Jerusalem Post.
"The fact that the Ukrainian authorities honor groups which actively participated in the murder of Jews during the Holocaust and glorify their leaders sends a message that delegitimizes the accurate historical narrative, and paves the way for disgusting scenes like this one. The Ukrainian leadership should not feign surprise or astonishment, they're the ones at least partially responsible", said Dr Zuroff.
Using Bandera's Legacy to Build Ukraine
Stepan Bandera had been designated a Hero of Ukraine by the previous pro-western "Orange" government ten years ago, and earlier this year, Ukraine's parliament has extended official recognition to other nationalist militias that collaborated with the Germans during the Second World War.
© AP Photo / Sergei Chuzavkov Ukraine Recognizes WWII-Era Nazi Collaborators as ‘Freedom Fighters'
Asked about the decision to honor such groups, President Poroshenko told Jerusalem Post that the government was paying tribute to those who fought for national independence.
This is exactly the view promoted by radical nationalists who Poroshenko claims do not represent the powers that be. After the torch-lit marches in central Kiev and Odessa on 1 January they plan to hold a "conference" about Bandera's ideological legacy. The main question to be discussed at the conference says it all: how to use Bandera's expertise in fighting for independence to build a state with Ukrainian national identity.
A 27-year-old youth allegedly murdered a girl with stones in presence of her younger sister in the forest area under Ramnagar police station of Nainital district late on Saturday evening. Later, the man slit the 22-year-old girl's throat in order to ensure her death.
Advertising
The police have arrested two people, including the prime accused who is charged with the murder of the girl. On being contacted on phone, Nainital SP Vinny Sachdeva said postmortem report confirmed the death due to head injuries. “The cause of death is due to head injuries in post-mortem report,” she said.
According to SP Sachdeva, the man identified as Hari Singh was earlier made an accused in a rape case lodged by the victim in January this year.
“Later, the girl had got her statement recorded before a magistrate under section 164 of the CrPC. In her statement, the girl had accepted that she was in relationship with the man. She did not want action against the accused person in the rape case,” Sachdeva said.
On the basis of her statement, SP Sachdeva said the police had submitted final report in the rape case in the February 2014.
As per preliminary police investigation, the girl was allegedly pressurizing the man to marry her and the latter was not ready. Police said Hari had called the girl in the forest area to talk to her on the girl's demand for marriage with him.
Accompanied by her younger sister, the girl went to the forest area on Hari's call on Saturday evening. Later, Hari allegedly attacked the girl with the help of stones. Then he allegedly slit her throat with the help of knife in order to ensure her death. The incident came to light after the victim's younger sister returned to the village. The victim's family members informed the Chowkidar about the incident and subsequently, the girl's body was recovered from the site.
Advertising
Sachdeva said the police have recovered the knife and stones which were used in the crime. Sachdeva added another arrested person is Kamal, Hari's friend. According to her, Kamal had taken Hari to the site of crime by his motorcycle, she added.
[note: The title of this piece does not come from Stout. In her book this section is simply titled "culture."]
It is entirely possible that the environmental influences on sociopathy are more reliably linked with broad cultural characteristics than with any particular child-rearing factors. Indeed, relating the occurrence of sociopathy to cultures has so far been more fruitful for researchers than looking for the answer in specific child-rearing variables. Instead of being the product of childhood abuse within the family, or of attachment disorder, maybe sociopathy involves some interaction between the innate neurological wiring of individuals and the larger society in which they end up spending their lives.
This hypothesis is bound to be disappointing to some people, because though altering the conditions of pregnancy, childbirth, and child treatment on a massive scale would be no small project, changing the values and belief systems of an entire culture is an even more gigantic undertaking, with a time horizon that seems distant and discouraging. We might feel a little less daunted if we were to identify a set of child-rearing practices that we could try to correct in our lifetimes. But perhaps society is the true parent of certain things, and we will eventually find that, as William Ralph Inge said in the early twentieth century, "The proper time to influence the character of a child is about 100 years before he is born."
From recorded observations, we do know that sociopaths, by various names, have existed in all kinds of societies, worldwide and throughout history. As an illustration, psychiatric anthropologist Jane M. Murphy describes the Inuit concept of kunlangeta, which refers to a person whose "mind knows what to do but does not do it."
Murphy writes that in northwest Alaska, kunlangeta "might be applied to a man who, for example, repeatedly lies and cheats and steals things and does not go hunting, and, when the other men are out of the village, takes sexual advantage of many women." The Inuits tacitly assume that kunlangeta is irremediable. And so, according to Murphy, the traditional Inuit approach to such a man was to insist that he go hunting, and then, in the absence of witnesses, push him off the edge of the ice.
Though sociopathy seems to be universal and timeless, there is credible evidence that some cultures contain fewer sociopaths than do other cultures. Intriguingly, sociopathy would appear to be relatively rare in certain East Asian countries, notably Japan and China. Studies conducted in both rural and urban areas of Taiwan have found a remarkably low prevalence of antisocial personality disorder, ranging from 0.03 percent to 0.14 percent, which is not none but is impressively less than the Western world's approximate average of 4 percent, which translates to one in twenty-five people.
And disturbingly, the prevalence of sociopathy in the United States seems to be increasing. The 1991 Epidemiologic Catchment Area study, sponsored by the National Institute of Mental Health, reported that in the fifteen years preceding the study, the prevalence of antisocial personality disorder had nearly doubled among the young in America, It would be difficult, closing in on impossible, to explain such a dramatically rapid shift in terms of genetics or neurobiology.
Apparently, cultural influences play a very important role in the development (or not) of sociopathy in any given population. Few people would disagree that, from the Wild West of the past to the corporate outlaws of the present, American society seems to allow and even encourage me-first attitudes devoted to the pursuit of domination. Robert Hare writes that he believes "our society is moving in the direction of permitting, reinforcing, and in some instances actually valuing some of the traits listed in the Psychopathy Checklist -- traits such as impulsivity, irresponsibility, lack of remorse."
In this opinion he is joined by theorists who propose that North American culture, which holds individualism as a central value, tends to foster the development of antisocial behavior, and also to disguise it. In other words, in America, the guiltless manipulation of other people "blends" with social expectations to a much greater degree than it would in China or other more group-centered societies.
I believe there is a shinier side of this coin, too, one that begs the question of why certain cultures seem to encourage prosocial behavior. So much against the odds, how is it that some societies have a positive impact on incipient sociopaths, who are born with an inability to process interpersonal emotions in the usual way? I would like to suggest that the overriding belief systems of certain cultures encourage born sociopaths to compensate cognitively for what they are missing emotionally. In contrast with our extreme emphasis on individualism and personal control, certain cultures, many in East Asia, dwell theologically on the interrelatedness of all living things.
Interestingly, this value is also the basis of conscience, which is an intervening sense of obligation rooted in a sense of connectedness. If an individual does not, or if neurologically he cannot, experience his connection to others in an emotional way, perhaps a culture that insists on connectedness as a matter of belief can instill a strictly cognitive understanding of interpersonal obligation.
An intellectual grasp of one's duties to others is not the same attribute as the powerfully directive emotion we call conscience, but perhaps it is enough to extract prosocial behavior from at least some individuals who would have behaved only in antisocial ways had they been living in a society that emphasized individualism rather than interrelatedness. Though they lack an internal mechanism that tells them they are connected to others, the larger culture insists to them that they are so connected -- as opposed to our culture, which informs them resoundingly that their ability to act guiltlessly on their own behalf is the ultimate advantage. This would explain why a Western family by itself cannot redeem a born sociopath. There are too many other voices in the larger society implying that his approach to the world is correct.
As a tiny example, had Skip the American been born into a strongly Buddhist culture, or Shinto, would he have killed all those frogs? Perhaps, or perhaps not. His brain would have been the same, but all the people around him would have maintained that respect for life was necessary. Everyone in his world would have been of the same mind, including his wealthy parents, his teachers, his playmates, and maybe even the celebrities he saw on television. Skip would still have been Skip. He would have felt no honor for the frogs, no guilt if he murdered them, no repugnance, but he might have refrained from doing so because his culture had unanimously taught him a lesson, something on the order of proper table manners, about how to fit in -- a lesson that his perfectly good intellect had mastered. Sociopaths do not care about their social world, but they do want, and need, to blend in with it.
Of course, I am implying that our own culture would teach a child like Skip that he could torture small animals and still be passably disguised among us, and regretfully, I think this reflects a fair assessment of our current plight.
What is a Bitcoin Oracle and Why Should Consider Becoming One
Did you know that you may be able to generate an extra income stream just by publishing simple information onto the Bitcoin blockchain using the Counterparty protocol?
Sometimes things like smart contracts and P2P betting protocols require a trusted source of information from outside the network. For example, two people may be able to use a peer-to-peer protocol to have a bet with each other over who will win a football match, without the need to use a central service provider. But unless there is a third party to say who won the match (and hence the bet) there are likely to be disagreements. In the same way, a smart contract may need a trusted source of information on whether a piece of work has been done satisfactorily, whether a piece of property has changed hands, or on the exchange rate between different currencies. In either case, the provider of this information service, whose job is purely to broadcast information which the users of a P2P network can choose to mutually trust, may be called an ‘oracle'.
Oracles might publish information via a range of different blockchains or other P2P protocols, but in this article we will focus on the ‘Bitcoin Oracle' who uses the most secure blockchain available, which of course belongs to the original cryptocurrency Bitcoin.
Anybody can use Counterparty (CP) to become an oracle (with no real technical skills required) by broadcasting information over the Bitcoin blockchain. Because CP has a peer-to-peer betting protocol baked into it, users who both trust the same oracle may choose to have a bet with each other using that information. The oracle is not involved in arranging this deal, taking payments or settling with the winner – they just publish the information and set a price for its use within these P2P smart contracts arrangements.
The role of the oracle is perfectly suited to anybody who has built up trust within the crypto community. It requires minimal work, but does require that people feel they can trust you to publish reliable information. If you have a good reputation built up on forums or social media, or if you run a well established website, then becoming an oracle is a way to effectively monetizing the trust that you have built up.
How To Become a Bitcoin Oracle By Publishing a Counterparty Feed
A Counterparty feed provider is just another name for an oracle: it's just someone who publishes information and sometimes gets a reward for doing it. Like all Counterparty transactions, the information is published on the Bitcoin blockchain. It is surprisingly easy to become a feed operator. Here is what you will need:
A web hosting account, or some other way to publish a single page of text onto the internet.
You will obviously need access to Counterparty software and have Bitcoin address you can use with it.
People who trust you
Some way to communicate with the people who trust you (a website, social media accounts, a BCT ANN thread etc.)
You can actually broadcast information just using the Counterparty client and nothing else, but to set yourself up as an Oracle you will need to provide a little bit more information than you can squeeze into a Bitcoin transaction. You do this by publishing the information in a single page on the internet and then providing a link to it in your broadcast. This is called ‘enhanced feed' information, and allows software such as Counterparty wallets to provide your full service to their users. This is one of the great things about using CP; you don't need a central website or to create your own software for people to interact with: they can use it from their own regular wallet.
There are two different types of broadcast you can send. The first type provides a set of possible outcomes for a future event in advance, for example: team 1 wins, team 2 wins, or its a draw. People may use this information within Counterparty by placing a bet on which outcome they think will happen, but this is nothing to do with the feed operator who only broadcasts which possibility actually happens when the time comes.
The other method is to publish information at a set time interval. For example, the price of Bitcoin every hour. Counterparty users may choose to use this to create contracts with each other to bet on whether the price will be higher or lower at a particular time, but once again the feed operator doesn't get involved in setting this up, they just publish the information for people to use as they wish.
In either case you will use your enhanced feed info – the single page you need to publish online – to tell users about yourself, the information you will be broadcasting and when you will be broadcasting it, the fee you would like to take for its use, the different possible outcomes if you are using the first type of feed described above, and other similar information.
A full list of the different information you can include, along with examples, can be found here: https://github.com/CounterpartyXCP/Documentation/blob/master/Counterwallet/enhanced_feed_info.md
To give you a rough idea, here is one of the examples of the enhanced information you need to publish:
{
"version": "1.0",
"address": "muYJYjRZDPmTEMfyEGe34BGN8tZ6rmRZCu",
"type": "binary",
"category": "sports",
"title": "Superbowl 2014",
"image": "https://www.jahpowerbit.org/feeds/image-1.png",
"description": "The feed for the Super Bowl final",
"url": "http://www.jahpowerbit.org/superbowl2014",
"broadcast_date": "2014-11-01T05:06:07+00:00",
"operator": {
"name": "JahPowerBit",
"image": "https://www.jahpowerbit.org/feeds/image-1.png",
"description": "Development site",
"url": "http://www.jahpowerbit.org"
},
"targets": [{
"text": "The Bronco wins",
"image": "https://www.jahpowerbit.org/feeds/image-1.png",
"value": 1,
"labels": {
"equal": "yes",
"not_equal": "no"
},
"odds": {
"initial": 2,
"suggested": 3
},
"deadline": "2014-07-01T05:06:07+00:00"
}, {
"text": "The Seahawks wins",
"image": "https://www.jahpowerbit.org/feeds/image-1.png",
"value": 2,
"labels": {
"equal": "yes",
"not_equal": "no"
},
"deadline": "2014-07-01T05:06:07+00:00"
}, {
"text": "They draw",
"image": "https://www.jahpowerbit.org/feeds/image-1.png",
"value": 3,
"labels": {
"equal": "yes",
"not_equal": "no"
},
"odds": {
"initial": 3,
"suggested": 4
},
"deadline": "2014-09-01T05:06:07+00:00"
}],
"customs": {
"key1": "value1",
"key2": 2
}
}
Once you have published this information you need to let the Counterparty network know about the service you are providing. You ca do with a simple broadcast (you can send these from any CP client, whether it's the full desktop command line client for developers or the easier and more convenient web-based Counterwallet.io). Set the value to minus one and put the link to your enhanced feed information in as the ‘text'.
Once you have done this your service will be available to anybody who can use Counterparty, so all you need to do is to let people know about it and then keep publishing accurate and timely information so that people can trust you!
On the surface it looks like at best a student at Hogwarts received a 4th grade education in elementary studies before being shipped off to the famous School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and becoming forever educationally stunted. However if you look at the classes offered, you can see that they did receive at least some math, physics, reading & writing, geology, geography, chemistry, biology, and zoology, depending on electives.
First they have the option of [Muggle Studies], which is essentially an anthropology class. (http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Muggle_Studies)
This class aims specifically to acquaint wizards and witches who do not have direct contact with Muggles with the way they live; one known essay topic was "Why Muggles Need Electricity." It is an optional subject, taught from the third year to the seventh.
They also get at least 5 years of history (of magic) and astronomy.
Astronomy is one of the only fields of study at Hogwarts which has a direct equivalent in the Muggle world. Known student activities include learning the names of stars, constellations, and planets, as well as their location and movements, and describing the environments of planets and moons. - HP Wiki
Astronomy could open the door for mathematics and physics at an elementary level for the students. It could also be said that they would at least learn some geography from History of Magic.
And as mentioned in your question, Potions could be considered a form of chemistry.
Arithmancy is an elective which involved writing skills and math.
Homework assignments, which included writing essays, required the consultation and/or composition of complex number charts.
On top of that, a lot of the classes seemed to have them writing essays on subjects and the consuming of textbook material. Presumably this was the preferred form of further developing their reading and writing skills.
There is another class briefly mentioned named Earth Magic which may involve geology.
"I want to get into earth magic. I love to dig."
But overall I think it could be said that there is simply not a need for higher mathematics, biology, or anything else. Why study biology and medicine to become a doctor when you can wave your wand and say Vulnera Sanentur to heal deep gashes in a victim? Why study math and engineering when you can basically create animate objects via charms and construct virtually anything via transfiguration?
Muggles need these things because they don't have magic, but as a user of magic you don't need to, because, there is a spell for that.
About 700 pounds of drugs worth more than $5.2 million were seized at the U.S.-Mexico border in California over the weekend, authorities said.
From Friday through Sunday, U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers also captured 13 fugitives wanted on charges such as DUI, assault, burglary and probation violations and found two men hiding in a tractor trailer of Persian limes.
The seizures included more than 300 pounds of methamphetamine, 223 pounds of cocaine, 22 pounds of fentanyl, 77 pounds of marijuana and 45 pounds of heroin. The drugs were found hidden in such places as spare tires, gas tanks, car seats and panels.
One of the cases involved 34 pounds of cocaine worth $509,000 discovered stashed in a Lincoln Navigator's transmission.
Officials said the driver, a 57-year-old Mexican citizen who is a legal permanent resident, was sent to secondary inspection around 10 a.m. Saturday at the San Ysidro port of entry. Officers were suspicious because his story had some inconsistencies. The drugs were found during the inspection.
karen.kucher@sduniontribune.com
TEL AVIV — Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday urged Muslims to visit the Temple Mount to act as a counter to the “insult” of “occupied Jerusalem,” and called Israel a “racist and discriminatory” state that is reminiscent of apartheid.
Erdoğan also met with Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah to work on “unifying efforts to protect Jerusalem against attempts of Judaization,” the independent Palestinian Maan news agency reported.
“We, as Muslims, should be visiting Al-Quds more often,” he said, referring to Jerusalem by its Arabic name.
“As a Muslim community, we need to visit the Al-Aqsa Mosque often, each day that Jerusalem is under occupation is an insult to us,” he stated at the opening ceremony of the International Forum on al-Quds Waqf in Istanbul.
Erdoğan said more Muslim visits to the Jerusalem holy site “would be the greatest support to our brothers there.”
“Both in terms of our religion and historical responsibility, Al-Quds and the fight of our Palestinian brothers for rights and justice is of great importance to us. We will keep making efforts for Quds to turn into a city of peace,” he added.
Hamdallah and Erdoğan met in Istanbul to discuss “ways to support Jerusalem.” The meeting was also attended by Palestinian Minister of Waqf and Religious Affairs Youssef Ideiss and Palestinian Governor of Jerusalem Adnan al-Husseini.
“It is impossible to find a solution and peace in the region without finding a fair solution for the Palestinian cause first,” Erdoğan was quoted as saying.
“Israel keeps getting away from punishment,” he added, asserting that peace will never be reached “unless Israel is held accountable for its crimes.”
Erdoğan also slammed Israel's policies towards the Palestinians as “racist and discriminatory” and compared Israel to apartheid South Africa.
“What's the difference between the present acts of the Israeli administration and the racist and discriminatory politics that were practiced against black people in the past in America and up until a short time ago in South Africa?” he asked.
He also sent a veiled threat to President Donald Trump, saying that moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem would be “extremely ill-advised.”
Erdoğan added that the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of the Gaza Strip “has no place in humanity.”
Israel attacked Erdoğan for his comments, calling them “baseless slander” and charging Erdoğan with being a “serial human rights violator.”
“Anyone who systemically violates human rights in their own country, should not preach about morality to the only democracy in the region,” the Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
“Israel strictly adheres to protecting full freedom of worship for Jews, Muslims and Christians — and will continue to do so despite this baseless slander,” the statement said.
Erdoğan also slammed Israel for the Muezzin Bill, meant to limit the volume on Muslim calls to prayer at certain hours, saying it infringed on religious rights.
“The fact that such an issue is even coming to the agenda is shameful,” he said. “The fact that those who talk about freedom of thought and faith at every opportunity actually approve this step by remaining silent is noteworthy. Inshallah, we will not allow the silencing of prayers from the heavens of Jerusalem.”
“Why are you afraid of the freedom of faith if you believe in your faith? I am now reminding Israeli administrators: If you believe in your faith, then why are you afraid of the sound of our prayers?” he asked.
The spat threatens the newly signed rapprochement deal between Israel and Turkey following a six-year rift in diplomatic relations.
A new initiative has been launched in Lithuania, which is dedicated to cherish the remembrance of the fight for freedom of Ukrainians in the Euromaidan Revolution. An initiative group of activists has launched a petition to rename the public square in front of the embassy of the Russian Federation in Vilnius by the name of Euromaidan. As Gintarė Narkevičiūtė, the campaign's organizer, told Euromaidan Press,
“In this square we do not want to build monuments because those people who were fighting for freedom are not struggling for statues… They are struggling for the future; therefore we encourage creation of modern kids' playground which will keep pulse of life and strength in front of the eyes of aggressor everyday!”
The author of the idea was created is Mr. Mykolas Majauskas (former adviser to Prime Minister of Lithuania (2008-2012), Founding Curator of Vilnius Hub at World Economic Forum). There is a facebook page opened to support the cause. Also, an official letter was sent to the Mayor of Vilnius with the request to rename this particular square.
Why do Lithuanians want a square with the name of Euromaidan? Gintarė Narkevičiūtė explains that Euromaidan's significance transcends Ukraine's boundaries:
We believe that it is of utmost importance to express continuous support for those people who are courageous enough to fight aggression coming from the corridors of Kremlin to the territories of Neighbouring countries. In the last years we have been witnessing war in Georgia (in which territory Russian troops are still present), annexation of Crimea, hybrid war in Ukraine, including a huge information war. Nevertheless, Euromaidan protests have left a deep footprint in the history of Europe and once again united the Ukrainian nation to a peaceful revolution. For those, who know the value of Freedom (like Lithuanians) Euromaidan reminded of the old new threats and called us again to stand together with our brothers and sisters in Ukraine. Many of us (including me) spent their days and nights in Ukraine during last year, others were gathering there – in front of Russian embassy in Vilnius, being in solidarity with Ukraine's people. Thus, we believe that the high time has come to give a symbolic meaning to this square, which represents a place of peaceful gatherings in support of struggle for freedom.
On 30 November 2014, a ceremony of the remembrance of first attack of Yanukovych's regime against peaceful students in Kyiv was held at 1PM at the square in front of Russian embassy in Vilnius. During it, Lithuanians held a moment of silence for Ukrainians that dies from the hands of the Yanukovych regime and defending Ukraine from the Russian invasion, collected clothes for refugees, and placed a and a temporary name board in the square with the name of “Euromaidan.” These are photos from the ceremony from the Lithuanian outlet http://www.15min.lt:
Since you're here – we have a favor to ask. Russia's hybrid war against Ukraine is ongoing, but major news agencies have gone away. But we're here to stay, and will keep on providing quality, independent, open-access information on Ukrainian reforms, Russia's hybrid war, human rights violations, political prisoners, Ukrainian history, and more. We are a non-profit, don't have any political sponsors, and never will. If you like what you see, please help keep us online with a donation
Related
Tags: EuroMaidan, international, Lithuania, News
The average driver spends about 56 hours per year in downtown Chicago looking for parking, and pays more for a metered spot than in other major cities in the country, according to a new study.
Almost 10 years after the controversial deal to privatize Chicago's parking meters, parking for two hours in the downtown area is $13, according to the study released on Wednesday by Kirkland, Wash.-based data company INRIX. San Francisco comes in second at $12, while the cost in pricey New York City is just $7.
Chicago ranked third most expensive in the nation for the cost of off-street parking, in garages or lots, at an average of $22 for two hours within a mile of the city center, after New York at $33 and Boston at $26.
"When parking fines, congestion and the difficulty of finding parking are added together, being a motorist in Chicago is costly indeed," said Joe Schwieterman, a transportation expert with DePaul University who reviewed the study. "Chicago's unusually high fees for parking no doubt encourages people to switch to transit, but they also are a drag on downtown retail and tourism when supply doesn't meet demand."
Chicago sold its parking franchise to Chicago Parking Meters, LLC, a consortium of private investors, in 2008.
The INRIX report surveyed 6,000 U.S. drivers and another 12,000 in the United Kingdom and Germany. INRIX, which provides real-time traffic and parking information to companies and governments, also used rate data from parking locations and city parking meters.
The report found that Americans spend about $73 billion a year in lost time, emissions and fuel searching for parking, or an average of $345 per person. In Chicago, the cost was $1,174 per year per person.
Chicago ranked sixth in the amount of time drivers spent searching for parking, with New York coming out on top at a whopping 107 hours per year — almost twice as much as Chicago — followed by Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington, D.C., and Seattle.
The report also found that U.S. drivers overpay for parking by about $20 billion annually, of which $400 million is spent in Chicago. To overpay means paying more for parking than one actually needs, such as paying for two hours in a parking garage when your doctor appointment only takes 45 minutes.
In Chicago, the average driver overpays by $353 a year for parking time he or she does not need. The study shows how careful people are to avoid fines, since the average Chicago driver pays only about $35 a year for parking tickets.
The parking problem has consequences for regional economies, the report found. Of all U.S. drivers, 63 percent said they avoided driving to a destination if it was hard to find parking, including 39 percent who said they avoided shopping destinations.
"This is not just a problem for drivers, it's also a problem for business owners and especially small, local business owners," said Bob Pishue, INRIX senior economist. People driving around looking for parking also adds to congestion and pollution, the study noted.
INRIX, which is in the business of selling data, sees solutions in more education about parking options and better use of technology, so people know what parking is available and only pay for what is needed, Pishue said.
One way to use technology to avoid the search for parking is through parking reservation services like SpotHero. INRIX has partnerships with SpotHero, Parking Panda and the navigation company Waze and other companies to provide parking information.
Another way to use technology to lower costs is to use a smartphone app to add time to a meter if an appointment is running late, instead of putting the maximum time on the meter when you first park. This can be done at Chicago meters through the free app ParkChicago, said Chicago Parking Meters spokesman Scott Burnham.
"Tech-based solutions will alleviate some of the pain in five years," Schwieterman said. "We're all going to have SpotHero or Parking Panda on our phones."
Investing in more public transit is another way to reduce congestion and parking scarcity, Pishue said.
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune A worker for LAZ Parking changes a sign April 3, 2017, in the 3300 block of North Clark Street to reflect the new game day surge pricing around Wrigley Field. A worker for LAZ Parking changes a sign April 3, 2017, in the 3300 block of North Clark Street to reflect the new game day surge pricing around Wrigley Field. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune) (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
The INRIX study looked at the personal pain of parking as well as the economic, finding that 61 percent of American drivers say they feel stressed trying to find a spot, 42 percent have missed an appointment, 34 percent have abandoned a trip because of a parking problem and 23 percent have gotten into an argument with another driver over parking.
Almost half of U.S. drivers regarded taking up two parking spaces as the worst parking "sin," twice as many as regarded the incorrect use of a handicapped restricted spot as the worst parking transgression, the study found.
The study also found gender differences in parking, with 64 percent of female drivers preferring off-street parking compared with 51 percent of males. Women were influenced by ease and security, while men were more sensitive to cost and proximity, the study found.
Chicago Tribune's James Steinbauer contributed.
mwisniewski@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @marywizchicago
Friday's official drought declaration by Gov. Jerry Brown comes on the heels of increased water rates and water conservation restrictions for Los Angeles residents. Kate Larsen reports from Hancock Park for the NBC4 News at 6 p.m. on Jan. 17, 2014. (Published Saturday, Jan. 18, 2014)
Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency Friday for California after weeks of intensifying pressure from lawmakers to take action as the state's water reservoir levels remain strained with no rain in the forecast.
Running Dry: CA Drought Maps | Water Resources | Read: Map Shows CA's Drought Problem
The declaration comes during one of the driest winters on record in California, following two dry years that already have left many reservoirs depleted. The state is facing "perhaps the worst drought that California has ever seen" since records began, Brown said during the Friday morning announcement.
More: Water-Saving Tips From LADWP
Gov. Brown Declares Drought
Gov. Jerry Brown asked Californians to cut back on water usage by 20 percent as he declared a drought emergency in the state. Among other things, the declaration enables the state to expedite transferring water to farmers while allowing Cal Fire to hire more firefighters. Patrick Healy reports from San Francisco for the NBC4 News at 5 p.m. on Friday, Jan. 17, 2014. (Published Friday, Jan. 17, 2014)
"I've called for a collaborative effort to restrain our water use," Brown said. "This is a call to arms. This is not a partisan adversary, this is Mother Nature."
The proclamation allows California to request a broad emergency declaration from President Barack Obama. The federal declaration would expedite some water transfers, provide financial assistance and suspend some state and federal regulations.
Read: Colby Fire Destroys 5 Homes | Images: Viewer Fire Photos
It also allows the governor to call for involvement from the National Guard.
"If some communities run out of water, we could task the National Guard to deliver it," said Mark Ghilarducci, the state's emergency services director.
Special Section: 20th Anniversary of Northridge Earthquake | 20 Years Later: Lessons Learned
Drought Emergency No Surprise to SoCal Boaters, Fishermen
Friday's official drought declaration by Gov. Jerry Brown was welcomed by water officials and farmers in the Inland Empire. But with local water supplies and jobs in jeopardy, the need for rainfall is what residents are hoping for the most. Tony Shin reports from Perris for the NBC4 News at 5 p.m. on Friday, Jan. 17, 2014. (Published Friday, Jan. 17, 2014)
Brown referred to charts at the news conference that showed statewide average precipitation by year dating back to 1970. His backdrop included a satellite image of California in January 2013 and January 2014 side by side that showed the state's dwindling snowpack.
The administration is considering a mandatory conservation order, Brown said as he encouraged residents to conserve water.
"I think the drought emphasizes that we do live in an era of limits, that nature has its boundaries," Brown said.
The U.S. Drought Monitor has reported extreme drought conditions in central and northern California, and there has been little snowfall so far this winter. Precipitation in most of the state is less than 20 percent of normal, and reservoirs are dwindling. Forecasts suggest the dry spell could continue, exacerbating the already heightened fire danger.
California is on pace for the driest January on record. The all-time low rainfall record in January occurred in 1984, when just 0.3 inches of rain fell across California.
Also, on Thursday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture designated portions of 11 drought-ridden western and central states as primary disaster areas. That means eligible farmers can qualify for low-interest emergency loans from the department.
LADWP Steps Up Water Conservation Efforts
While Gov. Jerry Brown has stopped just short of officially declaring a drought in the state of California, the LADWP is already doing its part in putting the brakes on excessive water use in Los Angeles. Conan Nolan reports from Wilshire Vista for the NBC4 News at 6 p.m. on January 15, 2014. (Published Wednesday, Jan. 15, 2014)
Read: Amid Drought Emergency, Red Flag Warnings
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Each week we take an artist, pull apart the threads that make them who they are and build a Spotify playlist from those influences. This week, it's Vampire Weekend!
Back in the late autumn of 2007, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter Rostam Batmanglij was asked about the new band he and his friend Ezra Koenig had formed. Considering Vampire Weekend's fantastically rhythmical blend of African-pop, artful experimentalism, ska, seventies folk, Caribbean fusions and indie-rock, Rostam simply said, “I thought it would be interesting to play classical music on rock instruments.” For Koenig, it was even simpler; “The basis of our whole band,” he said, “is not playing modern rock.” Ezra and Rostam's band, named after a comedy horror short Ezra made in 2005, played their first gig at a Battle of the Bands in February 2006 (they came third). A few weeks later their first track, Walcott, (after Ezra's character in his short film and, laterally, as a tribute to St Lucian poet, Derek) appeared online. By September they had a three-track EP out which was followed early the next year by some CD-Rs of a whole album. In July 2007, seventeen months after their very first gig, the band signed to XL Recordings. Almost immediately, the debates about colonialism and cultural appropriation began. What on earth, the critics asked, were these hip-hop obsessed middle-class kids doing singing about Congolese dance crazes of the 1970s and 80s anyway? How dare they even attempt such a thing? Interestingly, Koenig had already had a go at answering that question in an entry posted on his blog the same month the band played its debut show. “What is authentic for a guy like me?” he wondered in February 2006. “Fourth-generation Ivy League, deracinated, American Jew, raised [by] middle-class, post-hippie parents. I should be a truly post-modern consumer, taking the bits and pieces I like from various traditions and cultures, letting my aesthetic instincts be my only guide. [I am] both disconnected from and connected to everything.”
Three hugely successful albums later, we know where Vampire Weekend are now, the question is, how did they get there?
In The Beginning
Ezra had played in surf, funk and indie bands, but a good place to start with Vampire Weekend is the two collections of contemporary Madagascan music that he picked up in a garage sale in the early noughties. Originally released in the mid-80s, they're both full of vivid, melodic, totally un-rock pop songs, while he insists Billy Joel (whose The Downeaster “Alexa” alludes to, um, Cape Cod) is simply, “woven into the fabric of my life.” Rostam remembers hearing his mother play Persian folk music, Paul Simon's Rhythm of the Saints and the soundtrack to the 1996 film The Big Night over and over again. “When you know something in-and-out like that,” Rostam once said, “it starts to affect who you are.” His head would be forever changed by the purchase of a compilation cassette of South African superstar Brenda Fassie.
Odd-Pop Life
Never underestimate the power of artists who know how to twist pop into startling new shapes. That might be Talking Heads (including frontman David Byrne's collaboration with Brian Eno, My Life In The Bush of Ghosts), Kraftwerk, Momus or Poppin' My Collar by Ezra's beloved Three Six Mafia. Drummer Chris Tomson was a huge fan of US jam-band Phish, while bassist Chris Baio was originally hired thanks to his ability to play complex Metallica riffs from memory.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Punky Reggae Party, and Beyond
As a teenager Ezra fell for the charms of punk, classic rock and a whole lot more. On one hand, he loved Fat Wreck Chords bands like NOFX and even developed a minor thing for Blink 182 (but he couldn't stand Simple Plan). On the other hand, he loved Led Zeppelin and The Rolling Stones (“an awesome band”). But then there's digital-dancehall classic Under Me Sleng Teng by Wayne Smith, Sean Paul's Like Glue (“probably my all-time favorite Sean Paul song”, Ezra enthused in November 2005), Bollywood songs like Kajra Re from the film Bunty Aur Babli and Latin-music / Bachata star Anthony's Simplemente Te Amo. As Koenig once noted, “By the time I was in high school, I had no genre allegiance at all…” Oh, really?
Rate Britain
Anglophilia looms large in VW world. There are The Smiths, in particular Johnny Marr, whose bright, clean guitar lines – as on This Charming Man – were a huge inspiration for both Weekenders. Ezra found Kate Bush, The Beat, The Beatles, The Specials and Ian Dury through his (equally Anglophile) dad, while Rostam's first loves were Coldplay and Radiohead. And Sigur Ros – yes, I know they're not British, but, hell, we nurtured them from the get-go, goddamit!
More in this series
The Roots Of… My Bloody Valentine
The Roots Of… The Libertines
The Roots Of… Nirvana
The Roots Of… The Smiths
The Roots Of… The Killers
Aaron Rodgers is one of the best to ever play quarterback. But don't tell that to former Packers reporter Bob McGinn.
McGinn covered the Packers for multiple newspapers the last 38 years, but he decided to call it quits last month. Peter King of Sports Illustrated interviewed McGinn and he had some not-so-nice things to say about Aaron Rodgers.
Here's a look at what he had to say.
The Packers are now in the offseason and there's a lot of work to be done to get ready for next season. Make sure you're in the loop – take five seconds to Sign up for our FREE Packers newsletter now!
He was a very poor player here for his first two summers and regular-season practices. Fortunately for him, and he knows that down deep, he didn't have to play early. His delivery was a mess, bad body language, he didn't know how to deal with teammates. He learned so much from Brett Favre on how to in some ways be one of the guys and relate, and he became much more of a leader. He was really poor and how many great players have ever had a start like that? Not that many. A lot of scouts look at that exhibition tape those first two years and he was a little bit better the third year, but not to any degree, and then he just really developed. He lost a lot of close games in '08, but by '09 he was playing great and by 2010 he was maybe the best in the business. And then there have been a lot of playoff disappointments and poor performances. It's a quarterback league and all the rules are designed for that quarterback to dominate, and he hasn't done it in the most important times since 2010.
McGinn was also asked to choose between Rodgers and Brett Favre. Here's what he had to say.
“Would I take Favre or Rodgers? Right now, Favre. Because he was there every single game and he inherited a team that was the armpit of the NFL. It's one of the greatest reclamation projects in NFL history. Favre just did it all from nothingness.”
McGinn is right because Rodgers walked into a better situation. And there have been a number of disappointments with Rodgers since the Packers won the Super Bowl in 2010. But Rodgers simply can't do it all by himself no matter how good he is. And while the Packers suffered another tough end to their playoff run last season, if it wasn't for Rodgers' play, the Packers would have missed out on the playoffs and possibly finished with a losing record.
So McGinn made some valid points, but Rodgers shouldn't and won't apologize for what he's accomplished with the Packers.
Be sure to follow Brian Jones on Twitter: @BrianJones247
(For other news from the Reuters Global Climate Change Summit, click here)
By Byron Kaye
SYDNEY, Oct 15 (Reuters) - Plans by Australia to cut back its renewable energy target would have a “devastating impact” on investment in the country's sustainable power generation industry, a senior opposition lawmaker said.
Australia is one of the world's biggest carbon emitting countries per person but has seen declining electricity use in the past five years amid rising power bills and cheaper renewable energy options such as rooftop solar.
As such, the government led by conservative prime minister Tony Abbott wants to redefine a renewable energy target (RET) set by a previous centre-left government in 2009. Instead of a fixed amount then equivalent to 20 percent of projected energy use in 2020, the government wants to aim for 20 percent of actual energy use, which is far less.
To reach the target, the government subsidises companies which invest in renewable energy as well as households and small businesses which opt to use such energy. But the cost of renewable energy is higher than the subsidies, so companies pass on costs to customers.
The government and opposition are now negotiating new terms of the RET in hope of giving investors confidence beyond the three-year electoral cycle. But they face a deadlock with neither side apparently willing to give ground.
“It would have a devastating impact,” Mark Butler, environment spokesman for the opposition Labor party told the Reuters Global Climate Change Summit on Wednesday when asked about the government's so-called real 20 percent target.
“It would largely kill any chance of significant new investment. It would collapse the certificate price to the point where even the existing investments would be seriously compromised.”
A certificate price is the amount paid by the government to a company or person based on how much renewable energy they generate or use. Certificates can then be traded between parties involved in the scheme.
Australian electricity use has fallen to the point where pegging the RET to 20 percent of demand would effectively cut the target of 41,000 gigawatt hours a year by 2020 to as little as 25,000 gigawatts, a drop of 39 percent, said Butler.
“That sort of change to the existing policy is not something we're willing to countenance,” he said.
ALUMINIUM SPARED
Australian aluminium miners have argued they deserve an exemption from paying any additional costs associated with the RET in their energy bills because sharp falls in the metal's spot price have put significant pressure on their industry.
Butler said Labor may agree to exempt the aluminium industry, but rather than force households and other industries to subsidise the 2,000 gigawatt hours used by that industry, it could cut the target by that amount.
Even with that exemption, the target would still effectively push for having a quarter of Australia's electricity renewable, Butler added.
Butler said the RET was never meant to be a fixed percentage, but should rather be a set amount of power generation so that renewable energy companies can continue with the certainty that they will be supported.
“It wasn't a ceiling, it was a floor,” Butler said.
“It was always agreed that you had to have a precise generation target, not some floating percentage, if you were going to give investors the sort of certainty that they need to bring billions of dollars to Australia.”
Follow Reuters Summits on Twitter @Reuters_Summits
It's about bloody time. While non-Asians have been gallivanting around with their games, Singapore, Hong Kong and Taiwan citizens have been stuck on the Xbox 360. But not anymore – the Xbox One will be dropping in Singapore on September 23.
Microsoft will be selling its newest console here at S$639, going head-to-head with rival Sony Playstation 4 which has been selling at the exact same price since last November. Thankfully, this is one area where we don't lose out to our American counterparts who have been forced to pay US$100 extra for the Xbox One over the PS4 without having an alternative, until recently.
All of the territories will get the consoles with an Xbox One controller and 14 days of free Xbox Live Gold service included.
For Singapore, there is also the Kinect set which comes with the Kinect sensor bar for playing motion sensing games on the Xbox One and this will cost an extra $100 at $739.
In Taiwan. the Xbox One will be priced at NT$12,980 ($541), while Hong Kong residents will buy the console at HK$3,380 ($545). Both prices are without the Kinect hardware and there's no word if the console will be sold with the add-on in those territories.
With the recent launch of Halo Master Chief Collection, and Halo 5: Guardians on its way next year, the Xbox One might actually claw back significant market share from the PS4. With the Halo series single-handedly supporting the original Xbox and the Xbox 360, we might see the same happen with the Xbox One.
What do you think about the Xbox One? Is its launch too late for you, or will you still be buying it over the PS4?
Like this: Like Loading...
Just over one year out from the BP oil spill that wreaked havoc up and down the Gulf Coast, the tourism industry there is so far having one of its best summers in years. BP is latching on to the good news, using it to argue in a court filing recently that “there is no basis to assume that claimants, with very limited exceptions, will incur a future loss related to the spill.”
But with so little time having passed, is it too soon to make such assumptions? Could the good fortune of the tourism industry this summer be a fluke, or more likely yet, an effect of the upward swing of the U.S. economy in general since 2009?
Furthermore, while BP is fighting for the right to pay Gulf-area claimants less for possible future losses, the issue of whether or not to remove underwater mats of oil, discovered even recently sitting just off shore, keeps residents worried for their future. In the event that a tropical storm or hurricane passes through the Gulf, those submerged mats of oil and tar could wind up sitting on the beach yet again. –BF
INDIAN ISLAND – A day after withdrawing their representatives from the Maine Legislature, three of the state's four Indian tribes resolved Wednesday to no longer recognize the authority of state officials, legislators and courts to “define our sovereignty or culture or to interfere with our self-governing rights.”
The three tribes also called on the federal government to intervene in their increasingly heated disputes with Gov. Paul LePage and Attorney General Janet Mills over the meaning of the Maine Indian Claims Settlement Act of 1980, asking for a congressional inquiry. In a joint declaration, they asked for a “review of the actions of Maine that have resulted in a diminishment of our rights as federally recognized, sovereign Indian troes and of the adverse impacts upon our cultures, rights and resources.”
Penobscot Chief Kirk Francis speaks at Wednesday's press conference on the Penobscot reservation at Indian Island. He said, "The Maine Indian Land Claims Settlement Act has failed and we cannot allow ourselves to continue down the path." Colin Woodard/Staff Writer Related Headlines Tribal representatives withdraw from Maine Legislature as rift with state grows
Unsettled: Triumph and Tragedy in Maine's Indian Country
The tribal leaders acknowledged that the move is largely symbolic, and they could not come up with any examples of laws they might ignore as a result. The declaration was signed at a press conference on the Penobscot reservation Wednesday afternoon by Penobscot Nation chief Kirk Francis, chief Edward Peter-Paul of the Aroostook Band of Micmacs, and Passamaquoddy chiefs Fred Moore and William Nicholas, who represent the Pleasant Point and Indian Township reservations.
“The Maine Indian Land claims Setlement act has failed and we cannot allow ourselves to continue down the path,” Chief Francis said after the signing ceremony, which was held in the Penobscots' cavernous bingo hall. “We're saying it's a failed social experiment and it has a negative effect on people from a health care standpoint, from an economic standpoint, from all of those things.”
Under the historic 1980 settlement acts, Maine and tribes negotiated a compromise to avoid a legal battle over the tribes' claim to more than half of Maine's territory. The tribes accepted broad state authority and jurisdiction, except over “internal tribal matters” and certain other issues, but the parties have clashed over its interpretation and implementation.
“You can't have one party to an agreement seize total control of it,” Francis said. “Our problem is we have no third party dispute resolution mechanism in this state… The US Congress with plenary authority over Indian tribes and being a signatory to the agreement is the rightful place to handle this.”
The move came one day after the Passamaquoddy and Penobscot representatives to the state legislature renounced their seats in protest over the deterioration in tribal-state relations. Tribal representatives can introduce bills and participate in the committee process, but their votes are not counted on the House floor.
Wednesday's declaration won't have much practical impact. Asked if there were any laws that might be ignored or cooperative ventures between the state and tribes that would be severed as a result of the declaration, Francis said he had previously put thought into that and could not think of any.
“There really has been no meaningful changes in how the state views the Indian settlement act [since 1980], so I really can't come up with one thing that would [change] for us in terms of the relationship,” he said.
LePage's office did not respond to a request for comment. Francis told the audience of several dozen at Indian Island that the tribes had not heard from the governor since their legislators walked out of the State House on Tuesday.
In a prepared statement late Wednesday, the Attorney General's Office said, “Maine's tribes gained a great deal of autonomy and self-governance in the 1980 Settlement Acts, as well as land, money and a significant revenue stream from the state and the federal governments to assist in self-governance and to provide for the health, safety and education of tribal citizens. The state retained broad regulatory authority over the natural resources of the state. The state and its various agencies have worked with the tribes and their representatives on a number of specific issues, including broad fishing rights, expanded tribal court jurisdiction, place name regulations, university tuition waivers, and enforcement of the Indian Child Welfare Act. This Office remains available and willing to work with any tribe, tribal representative or tribal member to address their specific concerns, while defending the lawsuit brought by one tribe over the use and jurisdiction of the Penobscot River and while enforcing state laws designed to preserve natural resources such as elver fisheries.”
In their declaration, the tribes charged that the state has repeatedly encroached on their sovereign powers, land and resources, seeking “to perpetuate us as wards of the State of Maine.” They said Maine's attempts to block the implementation of federal legislation meant to assist Native Americans – including those allowing tribal casinos – amounted to interference in their relationship with their federal trustees.
A fourth tribe, the Houlton Band of Maliseets, did not participate in Wednesday's join declaration. Their legislative representative, Henry Bear, told the Press Herald his instructions were to continue representing the tribe in the State House.
The Penobscots and Passamaquoddy are locked in disputes with the state over saltwater fishing rights, tribal jurisdiction over domestic violence cases by non-Indians on their reservations, and land use regulation on the tribe's extensive, off-reservation trust lands.
The Penobscot Nation has also sued the Maine Attorney General's Office in federal court over the state's assertion that the tribe has no special rights in the main stem of the river that bears its name; the federal government has sided with the tribes in the dispute.
LePage last month took the unusual step of issuing an executive order rescinding his own 2011 order directing state agencies to seek cooperation with the tribes.
Chief Moore of the Pleasant Point Passamaquoddy said that, despite the resolution, the tribes intended to cooperate with state authorities in certain areas, including the resolution of fishing disputes.
“We have committed to sitting down with state officials to explore ways in which we may be able to work together for the benefit of all people,” he said.
Share
Uber's fight for legal legitimacy in Broward County appears to be over.
The county is prepared to issue the ride-booking giant a permanent license, finally putting a prolonged legal fight to rest and blessing Uber's insurance policies as meeting Florida law, internal county memos say. The same is expected for its smaller competitor, Lyft, and other "transportation network companies.''
Uber reacted with jubilance.
"Uber is excited to have a permanent home in Broward and to continue operating across South Florida, creating opportunities for flexible work and greater access to safe, reliable, and affordable transportation options," the public affairs manager for Florida, Javi Correoso, said in an email.
Uber and Lyft are ride-hailing services that let people use smartphone apps to schedule and pay for car rides.
The latest decision, a county reversal on a key sticking point, comes as Uber's six-month provisional license to operate in Broward is set to expire.
Under the new county position, Uber drivers in Broward will be allowed to carry the same personal auto insurance a non-Uber driver would. Drivers will be covered under Uber's $1 million insurance policy when using the Uber app. The rest of the time, they don't need commercial insurance, the county has determined, mirroring the position of the state Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles.
"Based upon the opinion provided by our county attorney's office, Uber appears to satisfy Florida's statutory insurance requirements,'' county Risk Management Director John Burkholder wrote in an email to other staffers this week. Friday, the county began preparing a more permanent license for Uber.
Uber won a lengthy fight with Broward County last year, but it remained in legal limbo on that one issue: whether Uber drivers must purchase commercial 24/7 insurance like taxis do, even though Uber drivers use their personal vehicles and might not work full-time.
The county last fall gave Uber six months to resolve the insurance question, expecting the state Legislature to resolve in statewide. But the legislation didn't pass. And Uber's provisional license expires on May 30, according to Lenny Vialpando, director of the county's environmental licensing and building permitting division.
The insurance quandry has dogged Uber and its drivers across the country, as critics claim there are coverage gaps that could leave accident victims and Uber drivers exposed. Meanwhile, private insurers are scrambling to keep up with the new driving trend. In many states, but not in Florida, private insurers now offer a hybrid commercial-personal insurance for Uber drivers.
Uber is similar to a taxi service, but its drivers use their personal vehicles and are connected to customers via the smartphone apps.
Uber drivers are treated differently in county law than taxi drivers are; namely, transportation network companies like Uber can field unlimited vehicles and charge any rate, while taxi numbers are limited and fares are set by the county.
Now, insurance requirements are officially different, with taxi drivers required to carry higher and more costly policies, according to a memo from the office of County Attorney Joni Armstrong Coffey.
The county changed its official stance based on a position put out by the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, in a pending lawsuit on the issue filed by Broward's Yellow Cab, officially B&L Service Inc.
Even without state legislation, the state agency said Uber's insurance is sufficient.
The county's reversal is another blow for traditional cabs, which have lost nearly every battle so far. Yellow Cab President John Camillo said he's still waiting to see what the court does with it.
In the lawsuit, Yellow Cab says the DMV's interpretation of the law "is so absurd, illogical, and not supported by law, that this court is required to interpret the statute.''
Once Naked For Nirvana, Now A Teen Spirit
Enlarge this image toggle caption DGC DGC
Imagine if millions of people had seen you naked before you were old enough to say "embarrassing." That's the story of Spencer Elden, whom you may know as the little baby floating toward a dollar bill on the cover of Nirvana's 1991 album, Nevermind.
Nearly 17 years later, amid hating school and playing water polo, Elden is still struggling to make sense of his (very) public image.
"Quite a few people in the world have seen my penis," he says from his home in Los Angeles. "So that's kinda cool. I'm just a normal kid living it up and doing the best I can while I'm here."
Nevermind is often credited with changing the face of rock. Elden's naked participation in this important moment in music history was rather accidental; Kirk Weddle, the photographer working on the cover, was simply a friend of Spencer's dad, Rick.
"[He] calls us up and was like, 'Hey Rick, wanna make 200 bucks and throw your kid in the drink?,'" Rick recounts. "I was like, 'What's up?' And he's like, 'Well, I'm shooting kids all this week, why don't you meet me at the Rose Bowl, throw your kid in the drink?' And we just had a big party at the pool, and no one had any idea what was going on!"
toggle caption Chana Joffe-Walt /NPR
Three months later, while driving down Sunset Blvd., the Elden family spotted a 9-foot-by-9-foot Spencer floating across Tower Records' wall. Two months later, Geffen Records sent 1-year-old Spencer Elden a platinum album and a teddy bear.
Over the coming years, 26 million albums were sold. As Elden learned to walk, talk and sing — his pale baby arms stretched across millions of grungy fans' walls; his private parts stood magnified across billboards and floors.
In some places, his image stuck. The other day, his friends spotted a giant Nevermind photo on the floor of a record store in Hollywood.
"My friend is all like, 'Hey I saw you today.' And I'm like, 'Dude, I was working all day.' And he's like, 'No, I went to Geffen Records, and you're on the floor and you're floating and I stepped on your face. 'Cause I guess they have like a floating thing where people can like walk on me and stuff ... so it's kinda cool," he says.
Life in general isn't quite as "cool" as it was when he jumped naked in the pool in the early '90s, though, he says. These days, his peers are too stuck on the Internet and video games. Ironically, he yearns for the era that gave Kurt Cobain, the lead singer for Nirvana, so much angst.
These days, Elden says, his peers concentrate on "playing Rock Band on Xbox, like, that's not a real band! That's the difference between the '90s and kids nowadays; kids in the '90s would actually go out and make a [real] band!"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jason Lazarus
But overall, life is good, he says. When he's not being repressed by video games and computers, Elden blasts music — mostly techno — and carries around a big bag of angst, mostly around the fact that he is "so over" high school.
"Same people, same teachers ... going to your locker, worrying about stupid girls ... I wanna get something going, I wanna travel," he says.
Last fall, travel he did — all the way to military boarding school for six months. All his parents will say is that he's done his fair share of "testing authority."
Now he's trying to graduate from high school a year early. And he's talking about applying to West Point or becoming an artist ... or something.
As Spencer is wont to say, "I just take it as it comes. If I like it, I like it; if I don't like it, I don't like it."
Only four points separate first and fourth in the Premier League
Premier League titles are not won in December as the saying goes, and in this topsy-turvy season, picking England's next champions five months early is an even trickier task.
Can Leicester do the unthinkable? Will this finally be Arsenal's year? At this stage last year, 13 points separated the top four, a gap which stands at just four points this season.
So who will break from the pack? BBC sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty (PM) gives us his verdict with the help of BBC Radio 5 live pundit Steve Claridge (SC).
1. Arsenal
Strengths:
PM: Arsenal have the creative brilliance of Mesut Ozil and goals from the attackers of the calibre of Olivier Giroud and Alexis Sanchez. A crucial new factor is the vastly experienced Petr Cech in goal - not just a calming influence and world-class goalkeeper, but also a personality who knows what it takes to win Premier Leagues at Chelsea.
Three of Arsenal's four league defeats this season have arrived in away matches
Weaknesses:
SC: Arsenal's weaknesses are they have too many players in one position and not enough width and balance in their team. Defensively they can be suspect when they haven't got the ball so they can be vulnerable when they don't dominate the ball.
PM: Mental fragility. Have not yet provided conclusive evidence that they have conquered this block - and suspicions that flaw remains were raised again by the shocking 4-0 loss at Southampton on Boxing Day. Arsenal also suffer too many injuries.
Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand seems to think Arsenal have a great chance to win their first title since 2004
What manager Arsene Wenger says: "In 2015, if you look back and try to analyse, we have been consistent and overall we had quite a positive year. We have stabilised defensively and improved our record against the strong teams in the Premier League. So it looks like we are on the right trend, the right way."
Phil McNulty's verdict: 1st
2. Leicester
Strengths:
PM: Goals and brilliance in the shape of Jamie Vardy and Riyad Mahrez. Desire and intensity all over the pitch and an outstanding midfield player in N'Golo Kante. Atmosphere at the King Power Stadium is also a huge driving force.
Leicester led the Premier League after 17 games, no team has finished below fourth after such a good start
Weaknesses:
PM: Shallow depth of squad and it would be a devastating blow if either Vardy or Mahrez were to suffer any injury that would sideline them for a lengthy period of time. The size of their squad may also be examined by the intense pressing style employed by manager Claudio Ranieri and epitomised by Vardy, Mahrez and Kante. May run out of steam.
SC: It's probably a danger for them to think 'we've got a chance'. All of a sudden they are thinking they have something to lose for the first time and it's changed slightly. It was blasé and now they have something tangible to hold on to. All of a sudden then there's a little bit of pressure.
What manager Claudio Ranieri says: "Every match is difficult for us. This league is very crazy...nobody wants to win the league. It's very strange. We're the basement and the other teams are a villa with a swimming pool. It's not easy for us but we want to fight with everybody. It's a miracle what we're doing. I'd love this to continue but it's not easy."
Phil McNulty's verdict: 6th
3. Manchester City
Strengths:
PM: World-class players in key positions, such as David Silva and Kevin de Bruyne in and around an attack that contains the brilliant Sergio Aguero. City have the Premier League's deepest, best squad and the ability to beat any team on any given day.
Weaknesses:
PM: Key players such as Aguero and Vincent Kompany spend too much time troubled by injury and for a side of such brilliance they can often produce mystifyingly lack-lustre and uninspired performances. Poor away form also letting them down.
SC: It's a bit of a bits and pieces team. Central defence and up front their two main players are obviously not fit and they cannot replace them in their side.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany will miss most of January because of injury
What manager Manuel Pellegrini says: "We are three points behind the leaders and play them both at home in the second half of the season. The season for the moment is good. We know we must improve. "I think we conceded 20 goals in the first half of the season which is too much."
Phil McNulty's verdict: 2nd
4. Tottenham
Strengths:
PM: A young, vibrant squad under the guidance of an outstanding young manager in Mauricio Pochettino who now has Spurs playing the intense pressing game he demands. They have a regular source of goals in Harry Kane also a shining star is emerging in Dele Alli.
Tottenham have conceded just 15 league goals, the best record in the Premier League
Weaknesses:
PM: Will the goals still come if Kane gets injured? And will they have the squad and the mental strength to cope if expectations rise further and they actually get close to that first title since 1961? They may - but it is an unknown quantity.
SC: Spurs have been the most consistent in my view. When I saw them they lacked balance and width at home but they are tough to play against. They might just get away with Harry Kane. If he gets injured, can they replace him?
What manager Mauricio Pochettino says: "I think the numbers reflect that the title is always possible. You need to show the strength during the whole season, we start to speak today about the title, but it is still most important to work hard."
Phil McNulty's verdict: 3rd
PHOENIX — Driving on the Loop 202 is when Devin Booker first noticed the Phoenix Suns billboard with his likeness staring back at him high above the traffic.
A big deal, sure, but not the first time Booker had his face displayed on a billboard.
“I was on a billboard in high school, actually,” he said. “When I made the McDonald's (All-American) Game they put me on one. That was pretty neat.”
As a professional now, Booker will need to get used to the increased attention, just as he did on the court.
In his first season, Booker went from seeing sporadic playing time off the bench — where he averaged 6.5 points and 14.7 minutes in 25 games — to hearing his name announced last during pre-game introductions.
His insertion into the starting lineup — where he averaged 17.4 points and 34.1 minutes in 51 games — accelerated his development and quickly earned him fan-favorite status.
Booker was a bright spot in an otherwise dull season.
“I don't think a lot of people quite understood my game,” he said of a rookie year in which he finished as the Suns' active leading scorer (13.8) and third-best overall behind injured point guards Eric Bledsoe and Brandon Knight.
“I think I showed that this year, my ability to create my own shot, get other people involved — things like that. Something, like I said, I always knew I had it in my game but a lot of people didn't but that's because of how I played at Kentucky.”
Not once as a freshman at Kentucky did Booker hit the 20-point mark. He did so 16 times this season, including six games of 30 or more points setting a Suns' rookie record.
On April 9 in New Orleans, Booker surpassed 1,000 career points, becoming the fourth-youngest to do so in NBA history, trailing only LeBron James, Kobe Bryant and Kevin Durant. He's only the fifth rookie in Suns history to top the 1,000-point mark, putting him in a category that includes Walter Davis, Alvan Adams, Michael Finley and Amar'e Stoudemire.
And no, the Suns didn't expect such prolific scoring (at least not this soon) when they selected a then-18-year-old Booker with the 13th overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft.
“It was incredible to watch,” center Tyson Chandler said. “You see some young players and they got a chance, and he has a chance. It's all about his work ethic and his decisions.
“Everybody doesn't have that chance to be a special player. He has a chance to be a special player. I thought he grew throughout the season in his decision-making, his understanding of the game and that's only going to continue to grow.”
At the end of the season, head coach Earl Watson identified three areas of growth for Booker.
“I think the main thing is physically and you can't really rush that,” he said. “It's a process that has to happen naturally, but also, we have the best staff, I think, training and weightlifting staff in the business, medical staff, so building positive muscle, not becoming too bulky and then the next thing after that is stamina. He has to be comfortable being held, being grabbed, being shoved, being hit, and still have the ability to play defense and still hit shots, so stamina is going to be key and then lastly, defending the ball more than two dribbles, three to be exact and defending the post because he's still going to be young.”
Booker, who stands 6-foot-6 and weighs 206 pounds, will be 20 when next season begins.
“The rookies are probably going to be older than me,” he joked.
The Suns turned to Booker after Markieff Morris was traded and asked their young superstar to be the team's number-one scoring option, a role he not only embraced but excelled at.
Over 16 games in March, Booker led all NBA rookies in scoring (22.4) and tied for the lead in assists (4.9); marks only James, Stephen Curry and Blake Griffin can claim to have reached in a calendar month as rookies since 1997-98.
Booker doesn't figure to have the ball in his hands as much next season with the returns of Bledsoe and Knight from injuries, but he did show enough playmaking ability to leave the Suns excited, especially on pick-and-rolls.
“I haven't played (point guard) since my junior year in high school,” he said, before adding about sharing the court with Bledsoe, “I don't think there can be as much attention on me with Eric on the floor also. That's going to open up a lot of open shots for me. I took a few shots this year I didn't want to take, just late in the shot clock when I had to. Eric obviously is one of the best creators in the league, so that will be a big help for me.”
Booker is anxious to learn, but he admitted to needing some downtime at season's end.
Booker experienced the highs and lows that every rookie goes through, and then throw in a coaching change, player trades and injuries, which caused a dramatic shift in role, and yes, he could use a break.
“The season is so long, people don't understand that,” he said. “Control the controllables while you're out there. There's a business side to the game that you can't control so you just have to focus on yourself sometimes.”
Speaking of the business of professional basketball, there likely will be more than just billboards in Booker's future — much more. Perhaps, entire Suns' marketing campaigns.
Booker gave fans a reason to watch and care about a season that unraveled mid-year.
Fans enjoyed his on-court play and appreciated his humility off-court.
“It's like a dream come true, especially at this young of age,” Booker said of being a potential face of the franchise. “I always dreamed at one point in my life I would be that guy. I never knew it would be this soon. Here in Phoenix, I love it here, so it's exactly what I want to be. It comes with a lot of pressure, but it's a good pressure to have. Like I said, it's something I always wanted.”
Follow @CraigAZSports
Paternity is a major problem area in family courts, whether you are talking about issues pertaining to fraud or biological fathers obstructed from having a relationship with their children. Unfortunately, there is little being done to fix these matters.
This leaves millions of men and children stuck in a legal rut, as courts require an inane number of hoops to be jumped when it comes to paternity law, oftentimes with scant hope of obtaining justice.
From fathers being required to pay support for children that DNA tests prove are not theirs to fathers blocked by the courts from being involved in their children's lives, family courts have much to do before the current system is fixed and justice is served.
Paternity fraud as a "National Epidemic"
A major (yet underreported) problem in the United States and much of the Western World is fathers unknowingly -- or knowingly in many cases -- being required to support children who are not theirs biologically.
In fact, studies have found as many as 30 percent of fathers paying child support are not the biological father of the children they are supporting. Yet, against all logic, going to the courts armed with DNA evidence that you are not the father of a child often has little to no bearing when it comes to ending support obligations.
Yes, even if you can definitively prove you are not the father of a child, there is a good chance you will have to continue paying support. How and why does this happen?
First, the bottom line of the current paternity system is to simply find someone to give responsibility of the child so the state doesn't have that obligation. This can happen a number of ways, both intentionally and unintentionally.
When a married couple has a baby, the husband is usually assumed to be the biological father. Once he signs the paternity acknowledgement form at the hospital after the child's birth, it typically starts a ticking clock on the statute of limitations to challenge his paternity.
If years later the husband discovers his wife had been having an affair during the time of the child's conception and he performs a DNA test that proves he is not the biological father, the courts will often say the equivalent of "tough luck" and stick him with the support bill until the child reaches the age of emancipation.
It is also a fairly common issue that arises when a child is born out of wedlock and the mother applies for state aid, such as welfare. Agencies typically require that the mother list someone as the father, which automatically opens a support case against them to offset the amount of aid the state will have to pay.
The mother does not have to prove who the father is; she simply must list someone and provide an address. If she chooses some random ex-boyfriend from years ago and the address is no longer valid, he will not receive the summons and a default judgement will be issued when he doesn't show up to court.
Now he is on the hook for support and doesn't even realize it. With more than 40 percent of children born out of wedlock, this problem does not appear to be slowing down any time soon.
Problems for unwed fathers
While a father being financially obligated to a child who is not biologically his is one major paternity issue, problems swing to the opposite side of the spectrum as well.
Unwed fathers are given essentially no legal rights to their children until they formally establish paternity.
Although it may not create immediate problems for many couples simply putting off marriage, as is the current trend with marriage rates at an historic low, major complications can arise if these cohabiting couples break up.
While married parents are presumed to have equal legal and physical custody until the courts say otherwise -- the same assumption that creates problems for fathers whose wives were unfaithful -- unwed fathers receive no such legal protections.
An unwed mother is assumed to have full physical and legal custody of her children until a father can officially establish paternity; a process that can be convoluted, expensive and time-consuming.
The generally accepted easiest ways to establish paternity is to simply be named the father on the child's birth certificate; however, that is not always possible. Perhaps a couple was separated when the child was born, or perhaps a father was not even made aware of the pregnancy until after the fact.
If that's the case, there are other options available, such as signing an affidavit of paternity or beginning a paternity action through the courts. Only once a man is formally recognized as the father can he file for custody or visitation.
For a variety of reasons, however, many unwed fathers do not go through this process. Whether they are intimidated by the system, feel it is unnecessary due to their short-term situation, do not want to be liable for child support, or are simply unaware the child exists, these men are at risk of losing all parental access to their child while still potentially being held financially liable.
There are numerous different scenarios where paternity can create issues that it is difficult pinpoint exactly where changes need to be made. However, the current system is clearly not working for many fathers and children, which is why it is in desperate need of an overhaul. And yet, there has been little in the way of effort to institute change.
Some groups have begun working toward this goal, including the non-profit organization Women Against Paternity Fraud, but until drastic change is realized, men need to do everything they can to protect their rights in a system that is seemingly rigged against them.
If you question whether you are the father of a child or are attempting to prove your paternity, speak with an experienced family law attorney immediately to discuss your options.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons license, unless indicated otherwise in the credit line; if the material is not included under the Creative Commons license, users will need to obtain permission from the license holder to reproduce the material. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
Elucidating the intricate relationship between brain structure and function, both in healthy and pathological conditions, is a key challenge for modern neuroscience. Recent progress in neuroimaging has helped advance our understanding of this important issue, with diffusion images providing information about structural connectivity (SC) and functional magnetic resonance imaging shedding light on resting state functional connectivity (rsFC). Here, we adopt a systems approach, relying on modular hierarchical clustering, to study together SC and rsFC datasets gathered independently from healthy human subjects. Our novel approach allows us to find a common skeleton shared by structure and function from which a new, optimal, brain partition can be extracted. We describe the emerging common structure-function modules (SFMs) in detail and compare them with commonly employed anatomical or functional parcellations. Our results underline the strong correspondence between brain structure and resting-state dynamics as well as the emerging coherent organization of the human brain.
Two complementary principles underlie human brain functioning, segregation and integration1. Segregation refers to the need of functionally specialized brain areas to process incoming information and to perform distinct tasks separately, whereas integration or binding is required for the coordinated activation of neuronal populations across brain areas that result in coherent cognitive and behavioral states2,3. Elucidating the wiring architecture of brain networks is essential to understanding how an optimal balance between segregation and integration might be achieved, and it constitutes a key challenge in contemporary neuroscience.
At least three different classes of brain networks can be studied4,5: “structural connectivity” (SC) networks, encoding anatomical connections or links between neural elements or brain regions6; “functional connectivity” (FC) networks, defining the activation profiles among distinct neuronal populations7; and “effective connectivity” (EC) networks, identifying causal interactions underlying temporally ordered activation or information flow8. The three classes of brain connectivity can be described at several levels: at the microscale the associations refer to synaptic connectivity; the mesoscale corresponds to a spatial resolution of hundreds of micrometers; and the macroscale represents a very large number of neuronal populations forming distinct brain regions that are interconnected by inter-regional pathways. Further details in4.
The development of novel neuroimaging techniques and in particular, advances in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), have enabled functional brain networks to be monitored and reconstructed, for example, as inferred from correlations between blood oxygen-level dependent time-series9. Likewise, structural networks have been obtained from diffusion tensor images and high-resolution tractography10. The combined use of both anatomical connectivity and dynamic models of neural activity to relate both SC and FC has grown over recent years11,12,13,14,15,16.
Empirical progress has been complemented with the development of theoretical and computational advances using graph theory17,18,19. In particular, complex network analysis has emerged out as a successful framework to scrutinize brain architecture and the relevant features of its emergent dynamic or functional states20. These studies have rapidly revealed that both SC and FC networks exhibit a hierarchical organization of distinct brain modules (or areas) that communicate through connector hubs21,22,23. Hence, it was proposed that such a hierarchically compartmentalized organization is essential for segregation, while the existence of connector hubs and the presence of weak links between otherwise separated moduli facilitates the optimal balance between integration and segregation22,24.
From a more general perspective, it seems clear that neural dynamics and any associated functions are necessarily constrained by the underlying wiring structure25, although the precise relationship between SC and FC networks is still far from clear. One key problem when attempting to define such a relationship is that structure-function matching is actually a one-to-many mapping, meaning that for a given fixed anatomy, the functional repertoire needs to be vast in order to facilitate perception, action, memory, cognition and complex behaviors. Thus, bridging the gap between structure and function, and understanding how such a huge repertoire of functional brain states can emerge out from a fixed structure is one of the fundamental challenges in neuroscience (see e.g.26 and references therein).
As a first step in this direction, several works have analyzed functional connectivity in the resting state, i.e. when the brain being monitored is not involved in any goal–oriented tasks and thus, it is as close as possible to doing nothing. These analyses revealed consistent and robust “resting state” functional connectivity (rsFC) patterns across subjects27,28,29. Functional pairwise correlations turn out to be relatively strong between structurally connected nodes30,31,32,33,34,35,36, yet more surprisingly, strong functional connections also appear commonly between distant regions that lack direct structural connections32,34, revealing the existence of strong “indirect effects”. To overcome this limitation, the authors in34 first made a suitable selection of brain regions to calculate the correlation on individual links in those masks, showing an enhancement of SC-rsFC correlations. These observations suggest that over and beyond direct node-to-node and link-to-link pairwise comparisons, more collective or systemic analyses will be necessary to shed light on the relationships between SC and rsFC networks.
We propose here, following recent work adopting the same strategy37,38,39, to shift attention to groups of nodes, and to contrast structural and functional networks by exploiting their hierarchical modular organization. More specifically, by employing the template of hierarchical modular organization derived from structural data to represent the resting state functional one and vice versa, we search for the optimal common partition shared by structure and function by maximizing a novel quantity, that we dub “cross-modularity”. Our hypothesis is that, if we assume that segregated functions are associated with distinct structural moduli, visualizing the rsFC data in terms of the natural structural moduli derived solely from network architecture (i.e. the SC) should help define and highlight how strongly structure constraints function. Conversely, the functional hierarchical-modular organization can be employed to visualize structural data. As such, these two complementary approaches should shed light on the intricate relationships between structure and function, and in particular, this procedure allows the extraction of an optimal partition illustrating that structure and function are much more tightly correlated than previously thought. The novel partition that we uncover here divides the brain into disjointed regions that we refer to as common “structure-function modules” (SFMs), representing a coarse-grained skeleton of the brain, which is largely shared by structure and function.
We've just been given the heads-up from one of our readers of the recent release of Let's Go! Which is now available for the Amstrad CPC or via the emulator JavaCPC. Developed by A Bearded Dragonz Production (Morri) using AGAS and ESD; Let's Go! is a platformer with a difference! A Run and Stop platformer to reach the end flag, that forces to the player to hit the space bar to stop him from running into obstacles, which is then limited by time. The longer you hold, the less time you have to complete a level.Available as the first major release after a number of testing versions, this final version features all the gameplay elements as well as 12 levels added with a ranking system! A very enjoyable game indeed that is easy to play but a challenge to beat, is ready for your download at the CPCWiki forums!Links 1) Discussion
Version 3.3.2.258114 of the official SL Viewer, released on May 29th, sees Local Textures officially reach the mainstream official Viewer. Previously, the option has only been available in Beta and Development releases of the Viewer.
Contributed by Vaalith Jinn, and an extension of his popular Bitmap Browser found in many TPVs, Local Textures allows users to temporarily apply textures from their computer's hard drive to their in-world objects, including the ability to apply skin and clothing textures to avatars. Such textures are not physically uploaded to the SL servers, but are accessed locally; as such, they only remain “active” for your current SL session, after which they must again be selected once more. In this, they are functionally similar to the Temporary Textures capabilities found in TPVs – but with some important differences.
I've covered Local Textures in detail already, and refer you to that post for an in-depth look at using the capability when building. However, it's worth highlighting the key points here for reference:
Local Textures works both with applying textures to prim and to applying skins and clothes to avatars – so clothing / skin designers can test their work using the official Viewer in the same way as they can use Temporary Textures on popular TPVs
If you use a local graphics editor to make changes to a texture that has been applied within SL using Local Textures, any changes you save in the editor will be immediately applied to the texture in-world
Local Textures does not physically upload anything to the SL servers – this means that the results of anything you apply can only be seen in your own world view; anyone else will see an untextured surface in their Viewer; thus the option cannot be used to test textures in collaborative build projects
Local Textures does not “break” Temporary Textures in TPVs, and TPVs currently are not prevented from offering the Temporary Texture upload capability; as such, both options may be offered by TPVs (as is currently the case with the Dolphin Viewer
As noted in my previous article on Local Textures (linked to above), enhancements to SL may eventually break Temporary Textures at some point in the future, but this is currently far from clear.
Local Textures and Skins / Clothing
As I didn't cover using Local Textures with clothing and skins in the previous article, here's a brief summary:
Select Edit Appearance by right-clicking on your avatar or going to ME -> APPEARANCE.
Click on the cog button at the bottom of the floater. For skin tests, select NEW BODY PART -> NEW SHAPE For clothes, select NEW CLOTHES-> the requirement clothing item / layer
The desired editor will open.
Click on the texture box (for skins, click on the required body textures selection box).
The Texture Picker is displayed – click on the Local radio button, and use ADD to local, select, apply the texture.
Again, the ability to make changes on-the-fly to applied textures and seeing the results immediately in-world, offers a powerful and unique capability to Local Textures that should assist creators and builders.
Related Links
Advertisements
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- From the first scent of sizzling ribs to the fading strains of the weekend's final performance, for the past 24 years the Great American Rib Cook-Off has been one of Cleveland's biggest food festivals.
And Northeast Ohioans may have attended their last one.
On the eve of its 25th anniversary, producers of have dropped the event from the 2016 calendar.
Barry Gabel, spokesman for Live Nation, says the company has decided to ice the four-day-long festival, traditionally held over Memorial Day weekend at Jacobs Pavilion and the Nautica Entertainment Complex.
"It's time to take a breather," says Gabel, senior vice-president for marketing and sponsorship for Live Nation.
"Bottom line, we've done the event for so long we've decided we'll move on, and we'll focus on all the other events and festivals we're staging this year," Gabel says.
"So it's not going to happen, at least by us," he adds.
For years the event has unofficially launched the summer outdoor party season. The Great American Rib Cook-Off signaled a mash-up of competitive grillers from around the region and nation, live music from an array of performers, contests and throngs of rib-lovers who come to Flats West Bank to slurp sauce and suck rib bones.
But over-saturation of similar events became a key factor in Live Nation's decision to cancel, Gabel explains.
"It seems there's a rib cook-off in every city, every suburb, just about every summer weekend in Northeast Ohio," he says. "We're the only ones that draw the kind of talent, on a national basis, for this kind of event - and we didn't want to slip-slide along.
"It's not an inexpensive event to stage. And it just seemed like the area is saturated."
Gabel insists the decision "isn't any kind of negotiating ploy" on the part of Live Nation. And the door remains open to other potential producers.
"This doesn't necessarily mean it's over for good," he says. "It's a fabulous event. We love the cook-off, and the fans that support it, and all our grillers. We just felt that our energies could be put into other events and festivals we're producing this year."
Policitians, the guilty, and major media love to dismiss any news they don't like as a “conspiracy theory” – but at what point to these “theories” cease to be theories and become obvious?
When there is overwhelming documentation thanks to freedom of information act requests?
After enough video clips are posted on YouTube?
How about when documentaries are made that pull all the clips and documents together?
Politicians, of course, may continue to deny: “I did NOT have sexual relations with that woman” – and to tell us what to believe:
“Let us never tolerate outrageous conspiracy theories” ~ George W. Bush
Some people will always believe what they are told by the media and government while others will eventually believe the overwhelming evidence, but whichever camp you're in come along with us for our series on the Most Controversial Conspiracy Theories of All Time.
These are listed in no particular order. As each segment is completed, it will be linked below:
AIDS Hoax: Was HIV Man-made as a Race Specific Bio-Weapon? Contrails or Chemtrails? What ARE They Spraying? Is H.A.A.R.P. being used for weather modification causing droughts, flooding, steering tornadoes and hurricanes (Katrina) and creating earthquakes and tsunamis (Fukushima, iJapan) WHO Behind the Federal Reserve Controls America's Money Supply? Manhattan Project Water Fluoridation: Good for Teeth or Rat Poison? North American Union: Has the U.S. already been merged with Canada and Mexico? Peak Oil Have Concentration Camps Already Built Across the U.S.? Are there Already Guillotines Ready to Execute Christians and Others? Are Those REALLY Stacks of Giant Black Plastic Coffins? What Are Tanks Doing Rolling Through Residential Neighborhoods in St. Louis? Why are Black Helicopters Flying in Formation in the U.S.? Is Global Warming a Hoax? MKUltra Global Warming Was Princess Diana Murdered by the Royal Family? Who murdered JFK? Operation Northwoods Did we REALLY Land on the Moon? Was Pearl Harbor Allowed to Happen? More to come…
No Such Thing As Conspiracy Theories
Theses are sites that present evidence that they believe ALL so-called “conspiracy theories” are false.
Conspiracy Theories Claimed to Be True
Conspiracy Theory Forums
US Message Board: Conspiracy Theories Forums
Top Conspiracy Theory Lists
Can't wait? Check out these other lists of the greatest and most long-lived conspiracy theories:
Do YOU have a favorite conspiracy theory you would like investigated?
Waiting with baited breath to see evidence about one of the conspiracies above?
Let us know in the comments. Do you know of a Conspiracy Theory Link We Should Add?
Submit Your Conspiracy Theories Links
Image caption A radar view of Mt Etna: The city of Catania is visible as a collection of white points to the left
Two German radar satellites flying in tight formation above the Earth have returned their first combined images.
TanDEM-X and TerraSAR-X are circling the globe just 350m apart as they get set to make the most detailed 3D map of the Earth's surface ever acquired.
Their close proximity allows them to view the same patch of ground simultaneously but from slightly different angles.
Image caption The satellites trace a helix across the sky as they move just a few hundred metres apart
This remarkable stereo vision has been demonstrated in an image of Mount Etna.
The German space agency (DLR) said on Tuesday that the picture was the first of its kind to be made by satellites flying in such a close formation.
It shows the Italian volcano on the east coast of Sicily. On the left of the image, in the foothills of the volcano, the city of Catania is visible as a collection of white points.
This 3D view of the mountain was generated from data recorded by TanDEM-X and TerraSAR-X in their new interferometric mode in which one spacecraft acts as a transmitter/receiver and the other as a second receiver - a so-called bistatic radar arrangement.
The pair will soon begin an intense observation campaign that will pin down the variation in height across the globe to a relative accuracy of better than two metres.
This seamless digital elevation model (DEM) will be put to myriad uses - everything from improving the safety of aircraft navigation to understanding better which areas of ground are most at risk during a flood.
TerraSAR-X was launched in 2007. TanDEM-X was put in space in June, since when it has been brought closer and closer to its more established sibling.
The very close proximity manoeuvres were conducted step-by-step last week.
Image caption A DEM image of Eyjafjallajoekull volcano in Iceland (centre, bottom) which erupted this year
The orbits of the two spacecraft have been given a very small offset which means they trace paths across the sky that look like the strands of a double helix. This should ensure they never bump into each other.
They will be brought even closer together in the next few months - down to separation of 200m - whereupon they will begin building their global DEM.
The pair's radars work by constantly bouncing microwave pulses off the ground and sea surface. By timing how long the signal takes to make the return trip, the instruments can determine differences in height.
The TanDEM-X/TerraSAR-X venture is operated on the basis of a public-private partnership. The German space agency owns the hardware; EADS Astrium builds it; and Infoterra GmbH has exclusive rights to commercialise the data.
Responsibility for controlling the spacecraft falls to the German Space Operations Centre (GSOC) in Oberpfaffenhofen.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Glenn Greenwald, the uber-liberal journalist who obtained the NSA leaks from Ed Snowden, says that anti-Trump bias in the media is utterly complete and total.
“The U.S. media is essentially 100 percent united, vehemently, against Trump, and preventing him from being elected president,” he told Slate.
Greenwald says he has no problem with that because Trump poses “extreme dangers,” and I think he's overstating the case when it comes to bias. But the comment is telling.
Kathleen Parker, the moderately conservative Washington Post columnist, says two Republican friends called to tell her during the Democratic convention: “I'm sorry. I'm a Democrat.”
Parker, who never considered herself a member of the GOP, says: “With its acceptance of Trump, the party has implicitly embraced the most un-American of litmus tests for citizens and immigrants based on race, ethnicity, religion, gender or sexual orientation. Republicans are becoming ideologues of exclusion and marginalization, with hints of oppression to come.”
I cite these examples because I think the core argument that Hillary Clinton and her allies pushed at the Democratic convention—that Trump is beyond the pale—resonates with plenty of folks in the press.
The New York Times described the effort in Philadelphia as attempting “to portray Mr. Trump as a dangerously unstable figure,” built on the notion “that the American system was designed to prevent the rise of a dictator.” And the paper gave that theme front-page play.
Even Clinton's media supporters didn't argue that she gave a great convention speech, or made progress in fixing her problems on likability and trustworthiness. She drew the most praise for her anti-Trump mockery.
The press mostly panned Trump's speech as a dark exercise in fear-mongering. Since he focused so heavily on the problems facing America, most pundits said, he allowed Clinton to seize the mantle of optimism and uplift.
But here's the thing: Plenty of voters are angry, as Hillary acknowledged in her speech. For them, Trump is the candidate of change. Clinton, despite her husband's insistence that she is a change-maker, is the candidate who literally and figuratively embraced Barack Obama, meaning she wants to build on the last eight years.
So the election may turn on how frustrated—or satisfied—the country is.
The media underestimated the success of the Cleveland convention, which gave Trump a significant bump in the polls. (Early indications are that Clinton is getting a similar bump from Philly.)
One thing Clinton didn't do is attack Trump for wanting to abolish Social Security and Medicare. He's also for a boost in the minimum wage. Both sides recognize this isn't a classic left-right election. It's about strength and personality, insider vs. outsider, and who can make the sale on generating jobs and fighting terrorism.
Trump's theme is that Hillary is weak, beholden to special interests and, well, crooked. Clinton's theme is that The Donald is crude, reckless, inexperienced and ignorant, while she sweats the details.
Now that the conventions are behind us, we'll see which of these arguments gets more traction in the press.
When this country was founded, each of the Founding Fathers wanted to give their citizens a certain amount of freedoms. These freedoms are listed in the Constitution. They include Freedom of Speech, religion, press, assembly, petition, and so on, but the bottom line was that they couldn't be taken away.
However, during President Obama's two terms, Americans have seen a lot of their rights and freedoms threatened. The freedom to own a weapon has been challenged by the Democrats numerous times! Arguably the most important freedom is freedom of speech.
We have the ability to say what we what, when we want, where we want, and how we want, barring a few understandable exceptions. This includes speech on the Internet. However thanks to President Obama's handover of the Internet to the United Nations and ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers), those freedoms are being challenged.
ICANN is an Internet database that was once controlled by the United States government. However President Obama handed it over to the United Nations three days ago. What that means is that the United Nations, and not the United States government, is now determining your freedom of speech.
How could this happen? Well, this is all part of President Obama's globalist agenda. He wants to see the entire world ruled by one person. They may say that it is for the good of the world, but in reality it seems like a dictatorship. And we have seen what happens to dictatorships.
All of their freedoms are taken away. They can't speak what they want, they are told when to do something and if they don't do what was asked then they are at risk for being thrown in jail. Again, when the founding fathers created this country, they wanted to make sure that everyone had the right to say what they want.
And now thanks to Obama, those rights are being threatened because we are going to have people from outside the United States telling us what we can say online. Not every country has the same freedom of speech rights that the United States does. So we are going to be told what we can say or can't say by a foreign power. And it's already started.
Julian Assange was supposed to drop some information on Hillary Clinton earlier this morning. Well unfortunately he didn't. However what is interesting to note is that none of the media stations were covering this announcement, but there were Internet streams covering it.
So people all over the United States decided to either stay up all night or wake up before the announcement. The announcement was supposed to happen at 4:00 a.m. Eastern time. They fired up their computers and were hoping to see some of the newest revelations against Clinton.
That is when their Internet suddenly went out. Both Comcast and Time Warner Cable suddenly had Internet outages. And these weren't centered in one place either. They were across the country. People in California all the way to Massachusetts suddenly had interruptions. But they were mostly centered in the swing states that could decide this election.
Now this could just be a coincidence; but it wasn't. Just after Assange stated that he wasn't going to drop anything new, all of the outages suddenly cleared up. He made the announcement at 5:13 a.m. EST, and literally two minutes later all of the outages were gone.
We've all experienced an Internet outage before and they don't just clear up in two minutes. Especially right after someone who could end a president's career suddenly says that he wasn't going to be releasing anything. That is almost too coincidental.
So within three days of Obama handing over ICANN to the United Nations, we have already seen the effects of their censorship. This is just another step to globalization. And that is bad news for people like Assange and other hackers who just want to show the people what the government is doing.
Think about it. None of the mainstream media was covering this event. So how are people going to get their news? Well they are either going to turn to social media or they are going to find a way to stream it. Well if the Internet suddenly goes out like it did for this event, then people are going to be left in the dark. They will have to rely on others to tell them what happened.
And we all know that the liberal media is going to spin it so that it doesn't affect Clinton in any negative way. This also means that people like Assange are not going to be able to help out the people of this nation because the Internet providers are going to just create an outage.
So if the mainstream media isn't going to report on it and the Internet is going to suddenly cut every time there is an important event, that means that we are not going to see any more government corruption. That means people like Clinton and President Obama can do what they want and nothing is going to be done.
This means that this election is even more crucial than ever before. We're not only deciding who is going to lead the country; we are also deciding whether we can truly call ourselves Americans.
Share this article to show that Obama's Internet handover has already had dire consequences. People tuning into the Assange conference suddenly had an Internet outage. But it mysteriously returned just a couple minutes after he said nothing would be dropped today.
If Clinton were to get elected then we can expect to see more takeovers like this. She wants to implement more of the globalist agenda that we have seen under Obama. However if we elect Donald Trump then we can continue to call ourselves Americans. If you don't want to be part of a globalist country, then vote for Trump. Or else censorship will rule your life.
Following the outbreak of the Flashback Mac Trojan, security researchers have spotted two more cases of Mac OS X malware. The good news is most users have little reason to worry about them.
Both cases are variants on the same Trojan, called SabPub, Kaspersky Lab Expert Costin Raiu wrote on Securelist.
(See Related: Flashback Malware Puts Apple in Security Spotlight: Experts Weigh In)
The first variant is known as Backdoor.OSX.SabPub.a. Like Flashback, this new threat was likely spread through Java exploits on Websites, and allows for remote control of affected systems. It was created roughly one month ago.
Fortunately, this malware isn't a threat to most users for a few reasons: It may have only been used in targeted attacks, Raiu wrote, with links to malicious Websites sent via e-mail, and the domain used to fetch instructions for infected Macs has since been shut down.
Furthermore, Apple's security update for Flashback helps render future Java-based attacks harmless. In addition to removing the Flashback malware, the update automatically deactivates the Java browser plug-in and Java Web Start if they remain unused for 35 days. Users must then manually re-enable Java when they encounter applets on a Web page or a Web Start application.
The second SabPub variant is old-school compared to its sibling. Instead of attacking through malicious Websites, it uses infected Microsoft Word documents as vector, distributed by e-mail.
Like the other SabPub variant, this one was used only in targeted attacks, possibly against Tibetan activists. So unless you're working with a pro-Tibet organization--and you have a habit of opening suspicious Word documents--there's little reason for alarm. At most, SabPub is more evidence that Macs aren't immune to attacks--a point that Flashback already made perfectly clear.
Follow Jared on Twitter, Facebook or Google+ for even more tech news and commentary.
This story, "Two More Mac Trojans Discovered" was originally published by PCWorld .
Two Charts Which Explain J.K. Rowling's Love of Blairism and Hatred of Corbyn
So, the author of the Harry Potter books has come out hard against Jeremy Corbyn, and for Blairism. She has defended the Blairite legacy, and she has some good points: There were more nurses and teaching assistants, for example.
One could note that Blairism, as with all neo-liberalism before the crash of 07/8, was unsustainable. It was based on bubbles. Though it is true that Blairites did distribute more money than Conservatives have past the bubble: Insane austerity was not yet the guiding principle of the day.
Unsustainable means “helped cause the crash.” It's true that Blairites would be less cruel than Conservatives, and it is also true that almost every MP who opposed Corbyn also abstained from voting against Welfare cuts, for example.
I don't want to get too down on Rowling. As very rich people go, she's a pretty good one. She doesn't dodge taxes, she supports social welfare spending, and so on. “High” UK taxes are why she's no longer quite a billionaire. (Quite; you needn't worry she'll be on the rolls again.)
But I think to understand Rowling's love of Blairism one should understand three things. First, she got welfare and doesn't seem, again, to have noticed that the Blairites she loves are now anti-welfare.
Here are the other two things which might be important to understand Rowling's love of neoLiberalism:
1)
Whatever else is true of Corbyn, if he becomes Prime Minister, he will raise taxes on the rich.
2)
Blairism is kinder-gentler Thatcherism. It is neoliberalism, and rich people have done very well under neoliberalism. Though this chart doesn't show it, the top .1 percent do even better, the top .01 percent even better, and so on.
I don't doubt Rowling's good will, or her concern for those who have less money than she does. She's put up by paying taxes she could have dodged. But that doesn't alter the fact that neoliberalism has been very good to her, and she'd have been a ton less rich if the policies Corbyn favors, as epitomized by tax rates after WWII, plus far less generous copyright protection, had been in force.
Blairite neoliberalism, like Clintonianism, is the policy regime that lets rich and upper class people feel good about themselves. They get most of the benefits of neoliberalism without having to watch a boot stomping a face over and over again, as under Cameron.
That doesn't alter the fact that neoliberalism is a cruel, unsustainable policy regime based on exporting British manufacturing, favoring “the City” and the financial industry over all others, and on pushing income and ownership of assets towards a small number of people. Nor did that change under Blairite Labour.
Rowling, of course, also thinks that Corbyn can't win. Maybe he can, maybe he can't. It's certainly true that Labour infighting has seen the polls move heavily against Labour. It's not clear, however, that this is Corbyn's fault, or that it will be true come election time, or that a Blairite leader could win election either. Labour has been losing, and its collapse in Scotland did not happen while Corbyn was leader, nor probably would have, as it was driven in part by anger at austerity policies which Labour refused to oppose.
All this, however, is neither there nor that. The bottom line is that being a Blairite, Clintonian, or other third-way type, allows the rich and well-off to have their wealth and their tax cuts, and feel good about themselves. Rowling may be 100 percent motivated by the milk of human kindness, but she is still supporting a regime that has done very, very well for her against the possibility of a change which would damage her financial position significantly.
If you enjoyed this article, and want me to write more, please DONATE or SUBSCRIBE.
The flexible, dynamic nature of the AWS cloud gives developers and admins the flexibility to launch, configure, use, and terminate processing, storage, networking, and other resources as needed. In any fast-paced agile environment, security guidelines and policies can be overlooked in the race to get a new product to market before the competition.
Imagine that you had the ability to verify that existing and newly launched AWS resources conformed to your organization's security guidelines and best practices without creating a bureaucracy or spending your time manually inspecting cloud resources.
Last year I announced that you could Track AWS Resource Configurations with AWS Config. In that post I showed you how AWS Config captured the state of your AWS resources and the relationships between them. I also discussed Config's auditing features, including the ability to select a resource and then view a timeline of configuration changes on a timeline.
New AWS Config Rules
Today we are extending Config with a powerful new rule system. You can use existing rules from AWS and from partners, and you can also define your own custom rules. Rules can be targeted at specific resources (by id), specific types of resources, or at resources tagged in a particular way. Rules are run when those resources are created or changed, and can also be evaluated on a periodic basis (hourly, daily, and so forth).
Rules can look for any desirable or undesirable condition. For example, you could:
Ensure that EC2 instances launched in a particular VPC are properly tagged.
Make sure that every instance is associated with at least one security group.
Check to make sure that port 22 is not open in any production security group.
Each custom rule is simply an AWS Lambda function. When the function is invoked in order to evaluate a resource, it is provided with the resource's Configuration Item. The function can inspect the item and can also make calls to other AWS API functions as desired (based on permissions granted via an IAM role, as usual). After the Lambda function makes its decision (compliant or not) it calls the PutEvaluations function to record the decision and returns.
The results of all of these rule invocations (which you can think of as compliance checks) are recorded and tracked on a per-resource basis and then made available to you in the AWS Management Console. You can also access the results in a report-oriented form, or via the Config API.
Let's take a quick tour of AWS Config Rules, with the proviso that some of what I share with you will undoubtedly change as we progress toward general availability. As usual, we will look forward to your feedback and will use it to shape and prioritize our roadmap.
Using an Existing Rule
Let's start by using one of the rules that's included with Config. I open the Config Console and click on Add Rule:
I browse through the rules and decide to start with instances-in-vpc. This rule verifies that an EC2 instance belong to a VPC, with the option to check that it belongs to a specific VPC. I click on the rule and customize it as needed:
I have a lot of choices here. The Trigger type tells Config to run the rule when the resource is changed, or periodically. The Scope of changes tells Config which resources are of interest. The scope can be specified by resource type (with an optional identifier) by tag name, or by a combination of tag name and value. If I am checking EC2 instances, I can trigger on any of the following:
All EC2 instances.
Specific EC2 instances, identified by a resource identifier.
All resources tagged with the key “Department.”
All resources tagged with the key “Stage” and the value “Prod.”
The Rule parameters allow me to pass additional key/value pairs to the Lambda function. The parameter names, and their meaning, will be specific to the function. In this case, supplying a value for the vpcid parameter tells the function to verify that the EC2 instance is running within the specified VPC.
The rule goes in to effect after I click on Save. When I return to the Rules page I can see that my AWS configuration is now noncompliant:
I can investigate the issue by examining the Config timeline for the instance in question:
It turns out that this instance has been sitting around for a while (truth be told I forgot about it). This is a perfect example of how useful the new Config Rules can be!
I can also use the Config Console to look at the compliance status of all instances of a particular type:
Creating a New Rule
I can create a new rule using any language supported by Lambda. The rule receives the Configuration Item and the rule parameters that I mentioned above, and can implement any desired logic.
Let's look at a couple of excerpts from a sample rule. The rule applies to EC2 instances, so it checks to see if was invoked on one:
function evaluateCompliance(configurationItem, ruleParameters) { if (configurationItem.resourceType !== 'AWS::EC2::Instance') { return 'NOT_APPLICABLE'; } else { var securityGroups = configurationItem.configuration.securityGroups; var expectedSecurityGroupId = ruleParameters.securityGroupId; if (hasExpectedSecurityGroup(expectedSecurityGroupId, securityGroups)) { return 'COMPLIANT'; } else { return 'NON_COMPLIANT'; } } }
If the rule was invoked on an EC2 instance, it checks to see if any one of a list of expected security groups is attached to the instance:
function hasExpectedSecurityGroup(expectedSecurityGroupId, securityGroups) { for (var i = 0; i < securityGroups.length; i++) { var securityGroup = securityGroups[i]; if (securityGroup.groupId === expectedSecurityGroupId) { return true; } } return false; }
Finally, the rule stores the result of the compliance check by calling the Config API's putEvaluations function:
config.putEvaluations(putEvaluationsRequest, function (err, data) { if (err) { context.fail(err); } else { context.succeed(data); } });
The rule can record results for the item being checked or for any related item. Let's say you are checking to make sure that an Elastic Load Balancer is attached only to a specific kind of EC2 instance. You could decide to report compliance (or noncompliance) for the ELB or for the instance, depending on what makes the most sense for your organization and your compliance model. You can do this for any resource type that is supported by Config.
Here's how I create a rule that references my Lambda function:
On the Way
AWS Config Rules are being launched in preview form today and you can sign up now. Stay tuned for additional information!
— Jeff;
PS – re:Invent attendees can attend session SEC 314: Use AWS Config Rules to Improve Governance of Your AWS Resources (5:30 PM on October 8th in Palazzo K).
How stands John Winthrop's “city upon a hill” this Thanksgiving?
How stands the country that was to be “a light unto the nations”?
To those who look to cable TV for news, the answer must at the least be ambiguous. For considering the issues that have lately convulsed the public discourse of the American republic.
Today's great question seems to be whether our 45th president is as serious a sexual predator as our 42nd was proven to be, and whether the confessed sins of Sen. Al Franken are as great as the alleged sins of Judge Roy Moore.
On both questions, the divide is, as ever, along partisan lines.
Thank President Trump for all his first-year accomplishments by sending him a FREE, digital card right now. Go to ThankTrump.us
And every day for weeks, beginning with Hollywood king Harvey Weinstein, whose accusers nearly number in three digits, actors, media personalities and politicians have been falling like nine pins over allegations and admissions of sexual predation.
What is our civil rights issue, and who are today's successors to the Freedom Riders of the '60s? Millionaire NFL players “taking a knee” during the national anthem to dishonor the flag of their country to protest racist cops.
And what was the great cultural issue of summer and fall?
An ideological clamor to tear down memorials and monuments to the European discoverers of America, any Founding Father who owned slaves and any and all Confederate soldiers and statesmen.
Stained-glass windows of Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson have been removed from the National Cathedral. Plaques to Lee and George Washington have been taken down from the walls of the Episcopal church in Alexandria where both men worshiped.
But the city that bears Washington's name is erecting a new statue on Pennsylvania Avenue – to honor the four-term mayor who served time on a cocaine charge: Marion Shepilov Barry.
Whatever side one may take on these questions, can a country so preoccupied and polarized on such pursuits be taken seriously as a claimant to be the “exceptional nation,” a model to which the world should look and aspire?
Contrast the social, cultural and moral morass in which America is steeped with the disciplined proceedings and clarity of purpose, direction and goals of our 21st-century rival: Xi Jinping's China.
Our elites assure us that America today is a far better place than we have ever known, surely better than the old America that existed before the liberating cultural revolution of the 1960s.
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network.
Yet President Trump ran on a pledge to “Make America Great Again,” implying that while the America he grew up in was great, in the time of Barack Obama it no longer was. And he won.
Certainly, the issues America dealt with half a century ago seem more momentous than what consumes us today.
Consider the matters that riveted America in the summer and fall of 1962, when this columnist began to write editorials for the St. Louis Globe-Democrat. What was the civil rights issue of that day?
In September of '62, Gov. Ross Barnett decided not to allow Air Force vet James Meredith to become the first black student at Ole Miss. Attorney General Robert Kennedy sent U.S. marshals to escort Meredith in.
Hundreds of demonstrators arrived on campus to join student protests. A riot ensued. Dozens of marshals were injured. A French journalist was shot to death. The Mississippi Guard was federalized. U.S. troops were sent in, just as Ike had sent them into Little Rock when Gov. Orville Faubus refused to desegregate Central High.
U.S. power was being used to enforce a federal court order on a recalcitrant state government, as it would in 1963 at the University of Alabama, where Gov. George Wallace stood in the schoolhouse door.
As civil rights clashes go, this was the real deal.
That fall, in a surprise attack, Chinese troops poured through the passes in the Himalayas, invading India. China declared a truce in November but kept the territories it had occupied in Jammu and Kashmir.
Then there was the Cuban missile crisis, the most dangerous crisis of the Cold War.
Since August, the Globe-Democrat had been calling for a blockade of Cuba, where Soviet ships were regularly unloading weapons. When President Kennedy declared a “quarantine” after revealing that missiles with nuclear warheads that could reach Washington were being installed, the Globe urged unity behind him, as it had in Oxford, Mississippi.
We seemed a more serious and united nation and people then than we are today, where so much that roils our society and consumes our attention seems unserious and even trivial.
“And how can man die better than facing fearful odds, for the ashes of his fathers, and the temples of his Gods?” wrote the British poet Thomas Macaulay.
Since 1962, this nation has dethroned its God and begun debates about which of the flawed but great men who created the nation should be publicly dishonored. Are we really a better country today than we were then, when all the world looked to America as the land of the future?
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Nov. 11, 2015, 1:22 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 11, 2015, 3:17 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Susan Donaldson James
Jordan Younger, who shared plant-based recipes as the popular blogger The Blonde Vegan, broke ranks with her 70,000 followers in June 2014 with a post entitled “Why I'm Transitioning Away from Veganism.”
As the post went viral, her site crashed. She lost 1,000 readers and even received death threats.
Now, Younger has written a memoir called "Breaking Vegan" that chronicles her self-destructive fixation with “clean eating,” an obsessive focus on healthy, unprocessed foods.
Jordan Younger now blogs as “The Balanced Blonde." Her message these days? “If you want to be healthy, listen to your body. It won't lead you astray.” Tynan Daniels Photography / Breaking Vegan
She writes about suffering from a controversial disorder called “orthorexia.” What began as an attempt to get healthy, morphed into an unhealthy regimen of food restrictions, 800-calorie-a-day juice cleanses and exercise. After a year, Younger had wasted away to 101 pounds, her hair was falling out and she had stopped menstruation.
What is orthorexia?
The term “orthorexia”was coined in the 1990s by San Francisco-based Dr. Steven Bratman, who told TODAY it's a disorder is marked by a “fanaticism” for pure foods, while sharing several of the “emotionally disturbed” and “self-punishing” features of anorexia.
“Enthusiasm for healthy eating doesn't become ‘orthorexia' until a tipping point is reached and enthusiasm transforms into obsession,” says Bratman.
Orthorexia is not recognized by the American Psychiatric Association, and experts disagree on whether it's an eating disorder or disordered eating with obsessive-compulsive features.
“We see quite a bit of it, but where does it land for someone who does not have a distortion of body image or fear of weight gain?” asked Bradley C. Riemann, clinical director of the OCD Center and Cognitive Behavioral Services at Rogers Hospital in Wisconsin.
Today, at 25 and living in Los Angeles, Jordan Younger says she now eats an unrestricted diet and blogs as “The Balanced Blonde.” Her message these days? “If you want to be healthy, listen to your body. It won't lead you astray.”
Younger talks about her struggle and recovery with TODAY.
Jordan, 25, lives in Los Angeles and now eats an unrestricted diet. Tynan Daniels Photography / Breaking Vegan
1. How did your obsession with “clean eating” start?
I have an extremely sensitive stomach and I have always been aware of the foods I could and could not eat. In order to feel my best, I became vegetarian at 14 and in college I became a vegan.
I definitely enjoyed the ethical aspects of it, but my main inspiration was health.
2. Who described your disorder as “orthorexia?”
I found the term online and diagnosed myself. My own eating disorder therapist didn't even know what it was. I had extensive conversations with Dr. Steven Bratman.
I had a pretty severe case. It's part of my personality. I get obsessed with things I am passionate about.
3. When did you first realize you had a problem?
Six months into the vegan diet…everyone was worried about me. There wasn't a single time I saw my dad and he didn't say, “Just try some egg or fish.” My mom came to New York and the whole trip was miserable because I was so restrictive. I had ordered oatmeal in a restaurant and realized it was cooked with milk and not vegan. I freaked out and threw a tantrum. I was such an unhappy person.
I tried cleansing and raw veganism. I spent all my time trying to remain vegan, but I didn't feel well.
4. How did your public persona as The Blonde Vegan fuel your obsessions?
I felt the pressure to remain vegan — it's what my readers and followers lived for. I knew I had to incorporate more food choices into my diet, but I was worried my whole business would come crashing down.
5. Most vegans don't become obsessively neurotic — why do you think you did?
I developed obsessions and anxiety around food. It wasn't about veganism. I had restrictions on top of veganism. I also had an exercise component. I still eat a heavily plant-based diet. But now, nothing is off limits. I make healthy choices for my body. There is no label for that.
6. Are you still getting backlash from the vegan community?
Anyone who has read the book knows I have had a lifelong history with food and stomach sensitivities and they found it helpful. But those who did not were absolutely outraged by the title and thought it should have been, “Orthorexia.”
Veganism was a huge part of who I was and the label I lived under and had built my whole career around. I wrote to tell my story and those people are missing the point.
"Now, nothing is off limits. I make healthy choices for my body. There is no label for that." Tynan Daniels Photography / Breaking Vegan
7. What was the biggest motivator for getting well — and do you worry your obsessions might come back?
It's been a year and a half since I went off veganism. I feel so much better, really healthy and balanced mentally. It's a life-long journey and I can't say it would never happen.
Everyone in my family and my close friends were really supportive. I also feel lucky to have the readers from my blog who have been with me every step of the way. I feel a responsibility not to spiral downward.
At the end of the day, when I don't restrict my food intake, I feel happy and satisfied and have energy.
8. What advice do you have for those who struggle with eating disorders?
Trust your body. If you are not getting enough nourishment, your body will tell you. I was ignoring those signals. And don't compare yourself to others. Our bodies are so different.
You'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who would say that 2016 has been a banner year; when it comes to politics, violence and matters of race, the past 10 months have been especially trying. Thus there are at least a dozen reasons viewers might be tempted to repeatedly savor a sequence from “Marvel's Luke Cage” in which the title character, an indestructible black man, takes on a whole building full of bad guys while Wu-Tang Clan's “Bring da Ruckus” blares on the soundtrack.
It's an undeniably great moment in a series that is not without its share of flaws, but fortunately for those who have been anxiously anticipating this drama since it was announced by Marvel a few years ago, it's worth the wait. A wildly charismatic performance by star Mike Colter and solid work from the rest of the show's cast are usually enough to power this addition to the Marvel TV universe through its rough spots, which include a somewhat clunky pilot and a notable tendency to sprawl (a common trait among streaming and pay-cable dramas, and not just in the superhero realm).
A viewer does not have to have seen “Daredevil” or “Jessica Jones” in order to watch “Luke Cage”; there are a few elements and characters that link the Marvel dramas, but each program stands on its own, including this new one. And it's long past time that the powers that be in the superhero realm, in TV or film, gave an African-American character a starring role.
More Reviews Film Review: ‘The Wandering Earth' Off Broadway Review: 'Alice by Heart'
Colter brings a great deal of soulfulness and intelligence to Luke, as well as beautifully calibrated shadings of pain and rage, and the sight of bullets bouncing off the hoodie-clad character carry layers of meaning well beyond the character's quest to save Harlem. In a time in which images of violence against black men and women are disturbingly commonplace and indicate deeply rooted problems not just in law enforcement but in American society as a whole, watching this man survive any number of encounters with gun-wielding assailants may, for many viewers, provide a deeper kind of catharsis.
“Luke Cage” understands that those aspects of its storytelling carry great deal of weight, and just as “Jessica Jones” did with its in-depth examinations of assault and consent, this new Marvel series turns the specificity of its lead character's experiences to its advantage. “Luke Cage” tells a particularly impassioned story about the costs of mass incarceration in an early episode that also serves as a well-crafted origin story, and characters regularly discuss whether they can trust any aspect of law enforcement or the legal system. Luke's position on gun violence seems pretty clear, however; he twists firearms into useless hunks of metal every chance he gets.
“Don't you need a gun?” someone asks him at one point. “I am the gun,” Luke replies.
Crowd-pleasing lines like that prove that “Luke Cage” never forgets its roots in the Marvel universe; scenes set in the villain's elegant lair, as well as an array of crackling fighting sequences, evoke vividly hued comic-book panels from back in the day. But Cage's determined face, framed by his ever-present black hoodie, will likely become the show's iconic image. Luke doesn't wear a costume, which makes sense, given that much of the drama revolves around his attempts to reckon not just with his own difficult past but with what he owes the community of Harlem. It's not long before residents find out who he is and what he can do, and as the first season progresses, people from the neighborhood begin to look to him for certain kinds of justice.
As is the norm for a superhero movie or TV series, Luke struggles with the nature and the scope of his quest, which he takes up with a great deal of reluctance. One of the most admirable things about Colter's performance is that he illuminates so many interior layers in a man whose exterior is impenetrable. The Luke we first meet is watchful and wary; he's sweeping the floors in a barber shop owned by Pop (the dependably excellent Frankie Faison), who spends much of his days mentoring local kids and trading jokes and book recommendations with his friend, Bobby Fish (Ron Cephas Jones, who's also very good).
When “Luke Cage's” characters hang out and talk, whether they're in a barber shop or a diner, the show is often at its best; it achieves a relaxed intimacy with them and their world, and it's clear that all the characters — even the greedy ones — love their community. Where the drama tends to stumble is in meandering expositional scenes, which quite often go on too long and drain the show of momentum. Mahershala Ali plays local villain and club owner Cornell “Cottonmouth” Stokes,” and Alfre Woodard plays Stokes' cousin, Harlem politician Mariah Stokes, and when actors of their high caliber can't make a long dialogue scene work, the problem is in the writing, not the performances.
There are also a number of sequences that intercut performances at Cottonmouth's club with other storylines, but only some of them have the kind of energy and brisk editing they require to pop. All in all, “Luke Cage” tends to spend too much time and energy on scenes set in the club, which may have been a cost-saving measure, but it's one that begins to grate.
That said, “Luke Cage” has a more than adequate supply of pleasures, a number of which can be found in Colter's determined and admirably nuanced performance. Ali, who has just as much presence as Colter, brings a sense of intense calculation and unpredictable danger to Cottonmouth, and an image of the brutal gangster framed against a portrait of the Notorious B.I.G provides another unforgettable “Luke Cage” visual. Simone Missick is instantly likable as NYPD detective Misty Knight, even if her partner, Rafael Scarfe (Frank Whaley), seems like a transplant from a much more melodramatic and cartoonish show. Given her long service patching up superheroes in various Marvel shows, one hopes Rosario Dawson, who plays former nurse Claire Temple, will get more to do in the second half of “Luke Cage's” first season; here, she once again provides able back-up in an underwritten role.
“Luke Cage” could use more focus; a few of its 13 episodes have several different quasi-endings, one awkwardly tacked onto the next, and each installment could stand to be tightened a fair bit. Some of the more unexceptional storylines and plot mechanics could be cut, but certainly not the argument about whether Jet Li or Bruce Lee is the more legendary martial arts star, the discussion of Chester Himes' novels, or the amiable diner scene in which Bobby proposes a slogan for Luke's services (“I ain't no hero — pay me”). Recalling those bright spots makes it easier to shrug off the show's imperfections. But nothing is cooler than watching bullets bounce off Luke Cage as he brings the ruckus and schools all the fools.
RubberBall Productions via Getty Images
People with Crohn's disease know the uncomfortable symptoms of the chronic condition all too well: diarrhea, abdominal pain, weight loss and fatigue, among others. But what doctors have not been able to tell the approximately 565,000 people in the U.S. with Crohn's is why they've developed the inflammatory bowel condition in the first place.
Most experts suspect the condition is the result of the body's immune system attacking healthy cells, mistakenly triggered by bacteria in the digestive tract. Now, a new study has identified a specific fungus and two bacteria they think play a key role in what leads some people to develop the disease.
“Among hundreds of bacterial and fungal species inhabiting the intestines, it is telling that the three we identified were so highly correlated in Crohn's patients,” the study's senior author Mahmoud A. Ghannoum, professor and director of the Center for Medical Mycology at Case Western Reserve and University Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center, said in a press release.
Research has previously identified that E. coli bacteria contribute to Crohn's symptoms, but this is the first study to show the bacteria Serratia marcescens and the fungus Candida tropicalis are also involved.
“Crohn's disease has other factors that impact it: Number one is genetics and number two is environmental factors, such as what people eat,” Ghannoum told HuffPost.
This study is distinct because it compared patients with Crohn's disease to both healthy strangers and to their own family members who did not have Crohn's. This is important because family members share genes, household environments and food, and researchers were able to further isolate what distinguishes the microbiomes of those with Crohn's from those around them.
“This cuts a lot of the noise,” Ghannoume said.
The researchers analyzed fecal samples from 20 patients with Crohn's and 28 healthy patients without Crohn's from nine different families, as well as from 21 patients from four other families who did not have relatives with Crohn's. They found high amounts of E. coli and Serratia marcescens and Candida tropicalis in the patients with Crohn's ― significantly more so than in the family members without Crohn's, as well as the individuals from families without a history of Crohn's disease.
The researchers ran additional tests to see what happened when the two bacteria and the fungus interacted. Together the organisms produced a thin, slimy layer of microorganisms they say would be able to adhere to various organs in the body, including the intestines, which would likely cause the same type of inflammation known to affect people with Crohn's.
Better treatment options are now on the table
Doctors currently use a variety of prescription drugs to help decrease inflammation caused by Crohn's and to prevent symptoms from flaring up. But finding better treatment options is important because this type of chronic inflammation can lead to ulcers, fistulas and malnutrition, as well as severe pain and extreme fatigue.
In some cases, Crohn's disease may require treatment with several surgeries. And living with Crohn's can also increase risk of colon cancer and other health problems like anemia, osteoporosis and liver disease.
Thanks to this new finding, researchers have a big leg up on developing better treatments for the disease. One possibility is a probiotic with the right mix of good bacteria to control the bad bacteria that cause Crohn's symptoms, Ghannoum said. He's also hoping it will inform the development of drugs that prevent these two bacteria and specific fungus from working together in the first place.
“For patients, this is a very good start because we now understand more about the disease and how we can interfere with it,” Ghannoum said.
The first step is to conduct more studies to design therapies, then test them in animal models followed by clinical trials.
The bottom line for patients with Crohn's: This is a big step toward designing more effective treatment options, but it's still a pretty early one.
CLARIFICATION: Language has been updated to reflect that this is not the first study to suggest there are other microorganisms that may join E. coli in playing a role in Crohn's disease.
"I volunteered for all the modifications and reprogramming I could, but eventually I simply couldn't compete with the newer, more capable droids." ―A philosophical Bollux, reflecting on his operating history. [src]
BLX-5, called "Bollux" by his masters and sometimes known by the alias "Zollux", was a BLX labor droid once produced by Serv-O-Droid, Inc. He held many jobs over the decades, serving many masters, but is best known for his association with Han Solo and Chewbacca during their time in the Corporate Sector and Tion Hegemony.
Contents show]
Biography Edit
"Bollux's been everywhere. We sit and talk all the time, and he tells me about the places he's seen."
"Do tell? Well, now, that must be some kind of education. Slit Trenches I Have Dug—A Trans-Galactic Diary." ―Blue Max and Han Solo, regarding Bollux [src]
Bollux started out as BLX-5, a simple labor droid in the Fondor Shipyards, with only the limited personality and intellect needed for his duties. Like other labor droids, he had heavy servomotors and a high-gravity suspension system to haul cargo and perform other strenuous tasks. One day, he was ordered to check a fuel module for mynocks. However, the orders did not specify a return time, so the BLX stayed to observe the mynocks until he judged that he had sufficient information. In the intervening three weeks, the droid supervisors assumed that he had fallen prey to the mynocks, and assigned his work designation to a new labor droid. Due to the size of the facilities at Fondor, it was nearly a year before anyone noticed that two labor droids had been given the same designation. Since Bollux had gone without a memory wipe in all that time, he had developed a personality. The staff took a liking to the droid, promoting him to shift overseer and providing him with structural modifications and other upgrades. Despite his popularity, he was eventually replaced with a newer and cheaper droid, and sold as surplus.[2]
He traveled the galaxy, working at a variety of jobs. He built survival domes and camps for a planetary survey Alpha-Team, worked on a construction gang for weather-control systems, and became a roustabout for Gan Jan Rue's Traveling Menagerie.[1] He even joined a unit of the Galactic Republic's military to construct fortifications, followed by a stint as a technical overseer for a Trigdale Foundries mining colony. At every job, he continually sought to improve himself by volunteering for new modifications. Every job ended the same way, however, as he was replaced by a newer model and sold off.[2] At some point during this nomadic existence, he used the alias Zollux for unexplained reasons.[4]
Bollux eventually fell in with a group of smugglers, who won him in a die game. These smugglers traded him to the outlaw tech Klaus "Doc" Vandangante for an enhanced hyperdrive motivator. Doc and his daughter Jessa treated Bollux as part of the family. Jessa used Bollux as a test subject for her droid engineering skills, giving him access to more and more upgrades. The droid had internal components moved to create a chest cavity for holding the slicer droid, Blue Max. The two droids became good friends, with Bollux developing almost paternal feelings for the computer probe.[2]
Travels with Solo Edit
What's he run on, peat?" ―Han Solo, upon first seeing Bollux [src]
For a mission to free Doc and other prisoners from the Corporate Sector Authority, Jessa loaned Bollux and Blue Max to Han Solo. Bollux smuggled Blue Max into Orron III with Solo and his allies to find the location of the prisoners. Bollux helped in their escape from Orron III and later managed to defeat CSA Viceprex Mirkovig Hirken's Mark X Executioner gladiator droid at Stars' End by diving underneath the Mark X's treads and ripping out wires. As Solo and the others attempted to escape the Hirken's hired bodyguard, Uul-Rha-Shan fired a shot at Solo who was attempting to save Bollux, Bollux threw himself onto Solo to protect him. Bollux however was pierced through his head and was only saved by Blue Max storing Bollux's personality in his memory. After freeing the prisoners and escaping Stars' End, Bollux was given a new, upgraded body by the outlaw techs. Both Bollux and Blue Max were given their freedom by Doc's techs.[1]
They chose to stay with Han Solo and Chewbacca on the Millennium Falcon for a time to see the galaxy, exchanging labor for fare. They helped the two smugglers on several adventures, including breaking up a gang of slavers in the Corporate Sector,[5] and the hunt for the lost treasure of Xim the Despot in the Tion Hegemony, by causing Xim's war robots to destroy themselves by ordering all of them onto an old bridge all at once, causing the bridge to break. After that quest wrapped up on Dellalt, Bollux and Blue Max left Han Solo. The historian S. V. Skynx recruited Bollux and Blue Max to stay on Dellalt to help catalog Xim's treasure (mostly the artwork) to further Skynx's research of Xim's conquests and adventures.[6]
Their activities afterwards are not recorded, though they sent holocards to Han Solo for a few years afterwards.[2]
Behind the scenes Edit
In the original UK release of The Han Solo Adventures, Bollux was renamed Zollux, as the original term is homophonous with a colloquial term for the word "testicles" in British English, despite having an alternate spelling. In The New Essential Guide to Droids, Zollux was established to be an alias Bollux sometimes used in his travels.
In the comic strip adaptation of Han Solo at Stars' End, Bollux was drawn completely differently, appearing as a copper-colored, traditional boxy robot.
Appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 Han Solo at Stars' End ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 Han Solo and the Corporate Sector Sourcebook ↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 The Essential Guide to Characters ↑ The New Essential Guide to Droids ↑ Han Solo's Revenge ↑ Han Solo and the Lost Legacy
This is the city we live in. Where we raise babies and fall in love, play music and grow food. This is the city that we were born in, the city we were reborn in, or just where we've landed for now. This is our city. It is a place that smells like the river, wet rain on concrete, wildflowers and taco trucks. Like sambusas and sage. This is the city where we work. Where we build our businesses and create opportunity. This is our city. This is Minneapolis. And we vote.
Your vote is more than just a ballot; it's a declaration of the values you want Minneapolis to represent. Voices for Racial Justice, Rhymesayers Entertainment, and Pollen have come together to produce a voter guide for the City of Minneapolis elections to help you make the most inspired and informed decision before you cast your vote on November 7.
Renewable energy is front and centre of global hopes of avoiding existential threats from climate change. Yet Australia has no commissioner for climate change, but we do have a windfarm commissioner.
Dr Onthemoon's self diagnosis windfarm syndrome check list! | First Dog on the Moon Read more
“Fake news” has long permeated popular understanding via factoids: unreliable information repeated so often that it becomes accepted as fact. Social media has massively facilitated the contagion of factoids. Bogus statements passed around face-to-face social networks in the pre-digital era moved at glacial pace compared with the speed at which claims circulate today.
Windfarm anxiety is a recent entrant to the long history of new technology attracting attacks from those fearful of and hostile toward mephistophelian artifice that offends natural order. Linda Simon's history of electricity, Dark Light. Electricity and Anxiety from the Telegraph to the X-Ray notes that by the end of the first world war, 80% of US homes still had no electricity. Community anxiety about electricity was widespread, and reading by electric light was believed to cause “photo-electric opthalmia”
In 1879 the British Medical Journal reported that the newly popular telephone could cause “nervous excitability, with buzzing noises in the ear, giddiness, and neuralgic pains''.
19th century American neurologist George Miller Beard argued the proliferation of a range of symptoms of nervousness were caused by “wireless telegraphy, science, steam power, newspapers and the education of women; in other words modern civilization”.
We've since had evidence-free public anxieties about televisions, electric blankets, microwave ovens, power lines, computers, WiFi, smart meters and solar panels. Apocalyptic predictions about mobile phones doing to brain cancer what smoking did to lung cancer came to nothing: the incidence of brain cancer has flat-lined for over thirty years while mobile phone use became almost universal.
My new book with Fiona Crichton, Wind Turbine Syndrome: A Communicated Disease, reviews why it is clear that adverse reactions to wind turbines are casebook examples of psychogenic illness which spread by exposure to negative publicity.
I've counted 247 different diseases and symptoms in humans and animals attributed by opponents to windfarms. These include lung cancer, skin cancer, haemorrhoids, gaining and losing weight and my favourite, disoriented echidnas. But most are classic symptoms of anxiety: things that can happen to you when you are very worried.
The nocebo effect, the evil twin sibling of the healing placebo effect, is documented in a vast research literature. When some people are exposed to frightening information about agents or exposures, expectancy effects just as powerful as placebo effects can operate to make people feel sick with worry or anxiety.
25 scientific reviews since 2003 have concluded there is very poor evidence for any claim that wind turbines are the direct cause of any disease. Rather, a herd of uncontested elephants in the room point unavoidably to a conclusion that “wind turbine syndrome” is a communicated disease: you catch it by hearing about it and then worrying.
We know that:
A few windfarms have a few residents who claim to be affected. The direct causation hypothesis would predict that all wind farms should affect some people.
The great majority of complaints occur in English-speaking nations, despite the proliferation of windfarms globally. A disease that only speaks English?
Farms targeted by opposition groups attract more complaints. Just six farms in Australia have had 74% of all complaints.
Those paid to host turbines rarely complain. The drug “money” may be a powerful preventive.
Claims about only “susceptible” individuals being affected (as with motion sickness), can't explain why there are apparently no susceptible people in all of Western Australia or Tasmania with records of health complaints.
Experimental subjects randomised to view negative news footage about windfarm harms and then exposed to infrasound show that prior exposure to anxiety producing messages increases reporting of symptoms, even to sham infrasound.
And then there are the agitators. In 2011, Sarah Laurie from the Waubra Foundation told an Adelaide court that turbines can make people's lips vibrate 10 kilometres away. That's about from downtown Sydney to the suburb of Chatswood. She believes these vibrations are “sufficient to knock them off their feet or bring some men to their knees when out working in their paddock”. Mythbusters may find that an interesting claim.
Laurie also claims some Australians are “so exquisitely sensitised to certain frequencies that their perception of very, very low frequency” can “perceive an earthquake in Chile.” Chile is a mere 11,365 kilometres from our east coast.
Pharmacist George Papadopolous may be such a person. He claims that “the problem had dissipated when arriving at Young about 100km from the closest turbines”
Noel Dean, an Victorian objector once told an anti–windfarm meeting, “I've had my … mobile phone go into charge mode in the middle of the paddock, away from everywhere.” Apple and Samsung are apparently unconvinced.
Ann Gardner, perhaps Australia's most prolific windfarm complainant, believes she is adversely affected by wind turbines even when they are switched off.
And New Zealander Bruce Rapley warned the 2015 Senate windfarm enquiry, “the health effects of wind turbines will eclipse the asbestos problem in the annals of history.” The WHO estimates that today 125 million are occupationally exposed to asbestos and about half of all occupational cancers are asbestos caused. No one has ever died from windfarm exposure.
This sort of claptrap is what passes for evidence in the confected “debate” that has now caused the Australian and two state parliaments to investigate windfarms five times between 2011 and 2015. The 2015 Senate enquiry was a travesty of science, failing to even mention the largest, most important longitudinal study run by Health Canada. This study provided no support for the direct cause hypothesis.
People who blame sickness on windfarms 'may be bypassing doctor' Read more
Windfarm opponents grasp straws that the evidence that wind turbines are dangerous is poor, and argue we need to invest in research that they just know will validate their concerns. There's also “poor evidence” that UFOs, the Loch Ness monster and leprechauns exist, but no serious scientific body thinks investing research in such claims is sensible, other than the politically pressured NHMRC which in 2015 allocated $2.5mn into wind and health research.
Social panics over new technology have a natural history. Few now fear television sets and microwave ovens. They heyday of fearing cell phone towers came and went in the 1990s. Wind farm anxiety is now thankfully rapidly receding, with the desultory complaint volumes submitted to the Wind Commissioner showing the phenomenon has all but passed.
The delays this panic caused in driving Australian renewable energy harvesting were major. Our book's final chapter explores the lessons in how we might avoid the next wave of “modern health worries”.
Italy on Wednesday asked judges in The Hague to order India to release a detained Italian marine, hours before Prime Minister Narendra Modi was due at an EU-India summit in Brussels at which he aims to defuse the long-running row with Rome.
In 2012, India arrested two Italian marines who were escorting an oil tanker on suspicion of killing two fishermen they mistook for pirates. Though they were not charged, the pair were barred from leaving the country.
Massimiliano Latorre was allowed to return home last year for medical treatment, but Salvatore Girone has for four years been confined to Delhi, where he lives at the Italian embassy and reports weekly to Indian police.
The case moved to the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague after India and Italy agreed to suspend all domestic legal proceedings.
Addressing the United Nations tribunal, Francesco Azzarello, Italy's lead lawyer in the case, pledged that Girone would be returned to India to face charges should it bring them once the Hague arbitration is finished.
"The only reason Girone is not allowed to leave India is so that he can act as a de facto guarantee of Italy's obligation to return him for trial," Azzarello said. "A human being cannot be used as a guarantee of the conduct of a state."
Waiting until the end of the case in The Hague, where proceedings are often lengthy, could leave Girone detained without charge for up to eight years, thousands of kilometres from his wife and young children, he said.
India hopes the Brussels summit will bring a thaw in ties with the EU and persuade Italy to refrain from blocking India's membership of a key global group on missile technology. Rome single-handedly scuppered India's bid to join last year.
As part of a broad agenda, the EU plans to raise the issue of the marines with Modi, according to an internal EU council note seen by Reuters.
Italy argues the case of the two marines was beyond the jurisdiction of Indian courts. Marines are viewed by Italy as state officials immune to foreign prosecution. Italy paid $190,000 in compensation to each victim's family.
Also Read:
Will urge PM Modi to bring Italian marines back, says Kerala CM Chandy
Fishermen killing: SC gives more time to Italian marine to return to India
Italy says marine charged with killing of fishermen won't return to India
Wake
In the room, gray hairs dominate by a factor of 10.
There is cheese dip with carrots, no crackers.
Flash flood laughter bursts across the conversation hum.
There are somber bottles of lite beer.
Carpet and hardwoods are studied blindly during shared silences.
There are photos in matching frames peppering a gray wall.
He would have liked this room better than
the one filled with flowers
we say.
We see him in each other's eyes.
We see ourselves in the eyes looking back from framed photos.
We wonder where we keep the photographic evidence of our lives.
I wonder who I should tell about the box of photos
in the back of the closet
that will tell friends who I was.
Greg Brisendine (a.k.a. Greg Bee) is a poet, amateur actor, advice columnist, budding playwright, and chili chef from Seattle, Washington. His work has been online, in print and on microphones across North America. Greg continues to discover himself in his writing as well as other people's writing.
Copyright © 2013 by Greg Brisendine
Advertisements
H&M will open its third location in the Birmingham area within three years next summer when it opens a new store at Brookwood Village.
The new location will take up 23,000 square feet at the mall in Mountain Brook and Homewood. The store will employ 20 people. Click here to apply.
The new store is a big win for the mall, which will lose a major anchor in January when Belk closes its store. The mall recently underwent a massive $20 million renovation after CAPREF, LLC, bought the 816,000-square-foot mall from the former Colonial Properties Trust in 2015.
H&M opened its first store in the area in Hoover's Riverchase Galleria in October of 2016 before opening another store at the Shops at Grand River in Leeds earlier this year.
The Stockholm, Sweden-based clothing retailer has 3,400 stores in 55 countries, employing more than 116,000 people. The stores carry clothing and accessories for women, men, teenagers and children. H&M opened its first U.S. store 17 years ago.
A recent report lists the ten richest presidents in American history. It glosses over the fact that four of those ten were slaveholders and a portion of their wealth was in human chattel.The value of a slave is difficult to pin down. Estate sale prices were bargains, about $400. Auction prices for a strong field hand could reach $1000 each. Prices fluctuated with the economy. Then, of course, we have to factor in inflation.: Washington possessed 316 slaves at the time of his death, including 40 rentals. The value of Washington's human property probably exceeded $4 million in current dollars. Washington considered his human property lazy and gave his overseers written permission to whip them.: Jefferson was known for treating his slaves well including buying individuals just to keep families together. On the other hand, there are stories of abuse like a 17 year-old man who, on becoming ill, was flogged three times a day to force more work out of him. Jefferson generally owned in excess of 200 slaves valued at more than $3 million.: Jackson own 150 slaves and was a slave breeder. In advertising for the return of a runaway slave, Jackson offered a $50 reward plus an addition $10 for every 100 lashes given the runaway. In current dollars Jackson slaves probably are valued at $2 million.: In the 1820 census, Madison reported he owned 106 slaves. While Madison frequently wrote his opposition to slavery he never extended it to his actual life and even refused to free his slaves in his will. We can appraise his slaves at about $1.5 million.When slaves were emancipated by Abraham Lincoln it is estimated the South lost $3.5 billion (in 1860 dollars) in assets. Adjusting for inflation that is $50 trillion in today's money.The price of a slave today is considerably less. A health male slave in Mali will sell for just $40. The estimate is 27 million humans are held today as slaves around the world. The number of sex and labor slaves held in the United States today is estimated at about 10,000 people although it may be much higher. That doesn't count the more than 100,000 prison laborers in the United States earning as little as 17 cents per hour.
Sarah Tew/CNET
Google may own Motorola, but when it comes to making and selling phones, the Android smartphone manufacturer says they're on their own.
"We're operating as an independent OEM, so there's a firewall between us and the Android team," Motorola Senior Vice President of Product Management Rick Osterloh told CNET, explaining the sometimes-distant relationship between Motorola and its owner.
"It's very important to the company (Google) that Android remain an open playing field."
One might think that with Motorola in the brand umbrella, a Droid phone would be a shoo-in for Google's next flagship Nexus phone, the first handset to demonstrate a "pure" Android experience for a major operating system update.
Motorola has yet to gain this prestigious position, but HTC got it once (Nexus One) and Samsung nabbed it twice (Nexus S, Galaxy Nexus.)
Motorola would certainly love to issue a Droid Nexus phone or similar, but Osterloh says that his company has to go through the pitching process along with all its usual rivals.
"We will absolutely be one of the people considered the next time Google delivers its Nexus phone...but we're not going to receive special treatment," Osterloh said.
On the other hand, when asked about the Motoblur interface that rides on top of Android, Osterloh indicated a closer alignment with Google's Android vision down the road. "You'll see us get closer and closer to [stock] Android over time," he said.
Focus, focus, focus
In the meantime, Motorola is sticking by a plan outlined in early September when it introduced a trio of new Motorola Droid Razr phones for Verizon -- mainly, releasing a fewer number of premium smartphones throughout the year.
In addition to creating handsets with eye-catching designs like the edgy Razr family, Motorola says it's pouring tremendous engineering effort into battery performance and power management so that phones like its now-legendary Droid Razr Maxx line blow past the competition on a single charge. (Read more: Smartphone battery life: 2 problems, 4 fixes.)
Sarah Tew/CNET
Morotola's physical design has also earned time under the microscope. The flashy Kevlar backing has practical application beyond even its water-resistant and scratch-deflecting properties.
According to Osterloh, Kevlar can stretch thin, providing a strong housing that doesn't bulk up the phone's thickness. In addition, Osterloh points to Kevlar's RF (radio frequency) permeability, or capability to easily transmit radio signal.
Poor camera quality compared with competing smartphones is one area of weakness that's plagued Motorola smartphones for some time, and is indeed a common CNET complaint that cropped up as recently as our Motorola Droid Razr M experience. "It's something that we're focused on," Osterloh acknowledged.
Motorola isn't sharing sales figures right now, nor a phone release road map. The only surety is Motorola's stated attempt to shore up weakness and turn out premium phones, not all of them at premium prices.
"Under Google," said Osterloh cryptically, "it's going to certainly be a different future."
LimeWire has been tied up in court over copyright infringement claims for years, but LimeWire, CEO Mark Gorton, and the Lime Group are all feeling especially sour today—the recording industry has won a major victory in federal court.
Judge Kimba Wood has just granted summary judgment against LimeWire, agreeing with the labels that the peer-to-peer company was liable for inducing copyright infringement. Turns out that asking LimeWire downloaders to check a box marked "I will not use LimeWire for copyright infringement" before proceeding doesn't count as "meaningful efforts to mitigate infringement."
Secondary liability
Did LimeWire's users infringe copyrights? With a vengeance—and even the most ardent RIAA-hater knows it. But just to make the point, labels hired Dr. Richard Waterman, a statistics professor at Penn's Wharton School.
Waterman looked at a random sample of 1,800 LimeWire files and concluded that 93 percent were copyrighted and unlikely to be licensed for download through LimeWire. "Dr. Waterman next logged the number of times LimeWire users sought to download each of the files in the sample," wrote Judge Wood in her ruling. "Based on these results, Dr. Waterman estimated that 98.8 percent of the files requested for download through LimeWire are copyright protected or highly likely copyright protected, and thus not authorized for free distribution."
So the real question before the judge was about LimeWire's role, if any, in all this downloading. Had it "induced" people to infringe?
Wood said yes, citing numerous internal LimeWire documents showing a knowledge of all the infringement taking place through LimeWire's software and little done to stop it.
"For example, a draft of a LW Offering Memorandum, created in 2001, states that LimeWire 'allows people to exchange copyrighted mp3 files,'" she wrote. "A September 2002 statement of LW's goals acknowledges that: 'Currently, the most common use of the Gnutella Network is the sharing of music files, many of them copyrighted.' Other LW documents state that 'the only information being shared on peer networks are media files,' a category composed primarily of copyrighted digital recordings."
In addition, LimeWire employees maintained an internal file called "Knowledge of Infringement." The program's built-in genre categories, like Classic Rock, "relate specifically to popular music and inevitably guide users to copyrighted recordings."
Finally, "In addition to ensuring that users can obtain unauthorized copies of recordings through LimeWire, LW has actively assisted LimeWire users in committing infringement. The record reveals several online communications between LW employees and LimeWire users that plainly relate to unauthorized sharing of digital recordings through LimeWire."
Not lifting a finger
With this knowledge of infringement, LimeWire still might have been okay if it had taken steps to mitigate the problem. But "the evidence reveals that LW has not implemented in a meaningful way any of the technological barriers and design choices that are available to diminish infringement through file-sharing programs, such as hash-based filtering, acoustic fingerprinting, filtering based on other digital metadata, and aggressive user education."
The company did roll out its own hash-based filter in 2006, but the default setting was "off." When LimeWire opened its own digital music store, it also employed filtering to "prevent LimeWire users from sharing digital recordings purchased from the LimeWire online store"—but not from sharing anything else.
In Wood's view, this all adds up to a business model knowingly built on copyright infringement, and it continued with no attempt to address the massive problem.
As the main LimeWire owner, Wood also held CEO Mark Gorton personally liable for the same set of claims. No penalties have yet been handed down, but a status conference on June 1 will lay out the schedule for moving forward. (A few issues remain unresolved by the ruling, as Wood decided that the facts were unclear.)
The RIAA asked for an injunction against LimeWire and a host of damages in its complaint, and a spokesperson tells Ars that those issues will likely be discussed on June 1.
Winners and losers
In 2008, a coalition including the EFF, Public Knowledge, the Consumer Electronics Association, and others filed an amicus brief with the court. The document didn't take sides in the case, but it did warn that some music industry arguments could gut the key rulings from Sony's Betamax case and the much more recent MGM v. Grokster case.
"Relying on certain of Plaintiffs' arguments would replace the limiting principles set out in those cases with broad, ill-defined substitutes that would chill innovation in multi-use technologies, to the detriment of at least three constituencies," said the brief. "First, the technology industry would be denied the opportunity to develop and market technologies that form an increasingly important segment of the global economy. Second, consumers would be denied the legitimate, non-infringing benefits that multi-use technologies offer. And third, copyright owners who are eager to take advantage of opportunities made possible by these new technologies would be stymied...
"Regardless of the outcome in this case, the legal standards the Court enunciates will be persuasive precedent in future cases."
What the drafters didn't know at the time was that the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) would also try to export secondary liability around the world, though without the same judicial precedents (like Sony and Grokster) that shape it here in the US. We may see more judges around the world wrestling with issues like contributory and vicarious infringement in the next decades if ACTA passes, making verdicts like this one possible in more places.
That may be scary for software and device makers who create multi-use tools, but it's music to ears of the recording industry, which celebrated this decision.
"LimeWire is one of the largest remaining commercial peer-to-peer services," said the RIAA's Mitch Bainwol. "Unlike other P2P services that negotiated licenses, imposed filters or otherwise chose to discontinue their illegal conduct following the Supreme Court's decision in the Grokster case, LimeWire instead thumbed its nose at the law and creators. The court's decision is an important milestone in the creative community's fight to reclaim the Internet as a platform for legitimate commerce. By finding LimeWire's CEO personally liable, in addition to his company, the court has sent a clear signal to those who think they can devise and profit from a piracy scheme that will escape accountability."
LimeWire issued a brief statement of its own: "LimeWire strongly opposes the Court's recent decision. LimeWire remains committed to developing innovative products and services for the end-user and to working with the entire music industry, including the major labels, to achieve this mission. We look forward to our June 1 meeting with Judge Wood."
San Diego's rising minimum wage has pushed Competitive Edge Research & Communications, a prominent local political consulting and polling firm, to move its call center with about 75 jobs to Texas, said Chief Executive John Nienstedt.
“We're moving the call center to El Paso because California has become inhospitable to (telephone) interviewing jobs,” Nienstedt said. “Rather than moving it offshore, I wanted to move my call center somewhere in the United States.”
In June, San Diego city voters increased the city's minimum wage from $10 to $10.50 per hour, rising to $11.50 on Jan. 1. Meanwhile, California is scheduled to lift its wage floor to $15 an hour by 2022, a level San Diego may or may not surpass with its inflation-adjusted formula.
Economists have debated how the legislation will affect overall employment. Some say many thousands will lose jobs throughout the state, especially among industries that compete with surrounding states, while other academics forecast that higher wages will spur more local spending, causing employers to add more jobs than they cut.
Competitive Edge, which conducts research in markets across the U.S., has been based in San Diego since 1987 and has established a reputation for accurate political telephone polling and market research. Local corporate clients have ranged from the Padres and SeaWorld to the Red Cross.
El Paso offered generally lower business costs, yet California's rising wage floor was the deciding factor in moving the company's call center, Nienstedt said Tuesday.
He said the company already pays many of its telephone interviewers $11 per hour or more, and some of those who transfer may keep their pay level. The move affects about 75 workers, or all but 10 of the company's total.
“My employees who will move over there will get a 50 percent pay raise in a sense, because cost of living is lower there,” he said. “If they were making $11 here, that's the equivalent of closer to $18 in El Paso.”
Still, Nienstedt said he expects relatively few to take the offer, and replacement workers will earn “ a lower rate.” Texas has adopted the $7.25 federal minimum wage.
He said he bids against competitors with even lower costs in call centers situated in Costa Rica and other nations.
Competitive Edge plans to keep its headquarters staff in San Diego, probably moving to rented offices downtown. The company owns its 4th Avenue building, which is on the market, Nienstedt said.
dan.mcswain@sduniontribune.com (619) 293-1280 ▪Twitter: @McSwainUT
UPDATES:
6:02 p.m. This article was updated with additional information.
LOWER ALLOWAYS CREEK TWP. -- A woman is facing numerous charges after allegedly taking two 14-year-olds on a Halloween morning vandalism spree that caused thousands of dollars in damage, authorities said.
Bobbi L. Franklin, 33, of Jericho Road in Quinton Township was arrested Nov. 16, Lower Alloways Creek Public Safety Director David L. Sowers said Friday.
Franklin, who has worked for 12 years at the Salem County 9-1-1 emergency dispatch center in Mannington as a public safety telecommunicator, was suspended from that job when her employers learned of the charges.
According to Sowers, on Oct. 31, between about 3:30 and 6:30 a.m., Franklin allegedly picked up two 14-year-old juveniles and drove to "multiple locations" around Lower Alloways Creek Township "where various types of paint were used to deface property."
A sign at the Lower Alloways Creek Township School in the Canton section of the township and two privately owned campers in the Hancocks Bridge area were among the targets defaced with paint.
ALSO: N.J. company a step closer to permit needed for new reactor
In all, damage throughout the township from the vandalism spree is estimated at $7,600, Sowers said.
Franklin was charged with two counts of criminal mischief, disorderly conduct and committing a crime with individuals under the age of 17.
Franklin posted full cash bail of $2,500 and was released from custody. She now faces a court appearance.
It was not immediately clear from authorities whether the 14-year-olds were male or female, what town they are from or whether they will face charges.
When Franklin's employers at the county's 9-1-1 center learned of the charges against her, Franklin was immediately suspended without pay, according to Salem County Undersheriff John Cuzzupe, director of the Sheriff Office's Communications Division.
The Sheriff's Office is in charge of the 9-1-1 dispatch center in Mannington Township. The public safety telecommunicators answer 9-1-1 calls and dispatch police, fire and EMS personnel to the scenes of emergencies.
Cuzzupe said the charges against Franklin represent a violation of the Sheriff's Office's rules and regulations.
He said Franklin will now be subject to an investigation by the office's Internal Affairs Division.
Bill Gallo Jr. may be reached at bgallo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow South Jersey Times on Twitter @TheSJTimes. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Delegates from music communities around the world are today meeting with Death in order to broker a deal that will hopefully save the merciless loss of any more true heroes. In turn overrated self proclaimed 'Guitar God' and perennial 'White Blues Fag' Eric Clapton has been offered as a human sacrifice to establish this peace.
In a tragic week that has seen the passing of Motorhead and heavy metal legend Lemmy Kilmister and one of the true greats David Bowie - fans have been mourning their loss with a renewed fear for who might be next.
Mojo music magazine elder, Skeeter Mcphillips commented to gathered press prior to the peace treaty meetings he and other delegates would be having that:
"While we have seen tragic deaths in recent times including that of Lou Reed, Jack Bruce and Davey Jones. Few in recent years have compared to the earth shattering, life altering deaths of legends Lemmy Kilmister and David Bowie. We must stop this madness before any more greats are taken."
In order to prevent the deaths of Robert Plant, Chuck Berry, Keith Richards, Ozzy Osbourne, Leonard Cohen, Billy Gibbons, Ray Davies, Iggy Pop, Ringo Starr, Rod Stewart, Brian Wilson, Malcom Young, Alice Cooper and Gary Glitter it has been proposed to offer up the body of former Cream guitarist and Dad of the year 1991 - Eric Clapton as a sacrifice to the Grim Reaper in the hopes he will leave those that we actually cherish to continue to walk among us.
Should even Death choose not to be associated with Eric Clapton a secondary list of potential sacrifices has been made public which includes - Mick Jagger, Jimmy Page, Bob Dylan and all of the remaining members of the Eagles.
Chatku Mahto has not received ration for two months – oil, sugar, salt and, most important, the 20 kilogrammes of rice his family is entitled to – none of it. Mahto works as a construction labourer. Monsoons are anyway lean months as there is hardly any work. “That 20 kg rice at Re 1 a kg makes a difference,” Mahto says as we chat in his courtyard. The family lives in a one-room house at Lola village, nestled in the lush green Ramgarh valley surrounded by hillocks, a few kilometres off a four-lane expressway in Jharkhand. The ration shop is in Gandke village, a couple of kilometres away. Mahto went there four times in May and June, only to return empty headed. “Thepa nahi mil raha, they said,” Mahto says, pointing to his thumb, worn with cuts after years of hard manual labour. Thepa is the word for thumb in the local dialect. Mahto's thumb impression was not recognised by the point-of-sale (PoS) machine at the local dealer's for the Public Distribution System. No biometric recognition means no ration. He even took along his children, hoping their thepa would work. They didn't. “Will we get the ration this month?” Mahto's wife asks before rushing inside to get the ration card. She has been visibly worried as she sat in a corner trying to make sense of our conversation. “We are poor people,” she says clutching the pink card that entitles the family to affordable rice, sugar, salt and kerosene oil. The Jharkhand Government's Food and Public Distribution Department's smart website shows the Unique Identification (UID) of all four family members as verified. Mahto's phone number too has been seeded into the system. So if biometrics don't work, transaction would still be possible with a one-time password (OTP). Mahto, however, doesn't know what an OTP is. The inbox of his Nokia feature phone shows he received two OTPs, on 21 June – when he went to the ration shop last – suggesting his desperation to get ration.
Chatku Mahto's mobile phone shows he received an OTP (Sadiq Naqvi)
Chatku Mahto's card shows he didn't receive any ration in May and June (Sadiq Naqvi)
Thumb rule
In the villages in Jharkhand,‘Thepa' thumb in local dialect comes up often in conversations after Aadhaar seeding was made mandatory for the 97% of the population registered under Aadhaar to avail benefits of the Public Distribution System.
'Thepa' has indeed become the most important thing for these poor. Their monthly ration is at the mercy of the Point of Sale machines on the condition that the biometrics are authenticated. In short, you don't get rations without Aadhaar-based Biometric Authentication or ABBA.
The initial findings of a recent survey revealed that roughly 10-15% of the poorest of people are getting kicked out of the system since this programme to link Aadhaar with the PDS has been rolled out in phases. For these people, the monthly supply of PDS is a right since the National Food Security Act was enforced.
Meanwhile, the old problems of quantity fraud, that is the ration dealer forcibly taking a cut from every household, persists even as the Central Government continues to boast about how Aadhaar is plugging the pilferage in various government welfare schemes including the PDS.
Since Aadhaar has been made mandatory for all PDS transactions, something which happened in Lola only in May, there is utter confusion in the state as people scramble to get their Aadhaar numbers seeded with their ration cards.
Aalo Devi, Katamkuli village (Sadiq Naqvi)
The issues
The scheme to link Aadhaar with PDS started in Ranchi the state capital in August 2016. Gendu Mahato, a septuagenarian in Katamkuli village in Kanke block of Ranchi had to go five months without any ration before he finally managed to get his wife's Aadhaar number seeded into the system. Gendu Mahato owns just a little more than half an acre of land which does not produce enough for the survival of the family.
He is now among the 70% people in the state whose Aadhaar numbers have been seeded with their ration card data, as Saryu Rai, the state cabinet minister in-charge of department of food, public distribution and consumer affairs told Catch, in an interview at his residence in Ranchi.
But as in Chatku Mahato's case merely seeding Aadhaar is not enough to get you the essential ration supply from the PDS dealer. This reporter came across several cases in Katamkuli where mostly destitute people complained of not getting ration despite Aadhaar. There are indeed several other variables.
In Lola, too, there are around fifteen families who are not able to avail ration because of issues with their biometric authentication, according to Nirasha Devi, who runs the PDS shop in Gandke. The shop was allotted to Bishnu Mahila Vikas Sangh. The Jharkhand government's website shows that only 88% of the villagers could transact at Nirasha Devi's shop in June.
As you go driver further on the four-lane expressway, Kaitha village is little less than a kilometre when you get off the highway to enter Ramgarh town. The transaction rate for the local PDS dealer here, Rajendra Mahato, meanwhile is worse than Nirasha Devi's and shows a mere 76%.
Those left out include sixty-five-year-old Bilaso Devi's eleven-member household. She has a yellow card, meaning they come under the Antodaya, the poorest of the poor, who are entitled to 35 kilograms of rice irrespective of the size of the family, something which works for smaller families but comes as a disadvantage for people like Bilaso Devi. Cabinet Minister Rai says the state government is asking everyone who
Cabinet Minister Rai says the state government is asking everyone who has more than seven family members to give up Antodaya cards for the pink ration cards.
“That will not only get these people more ration but also create vacancies in the Antodaya list for other deserving families,” he told Catch.
But Bilaso Devi is distraught. She has not received even the 35 kilograms of rice and other essential items since April. “Machine thepa nahi leti,” she complains as she sits on the ledge next to the well in her courtyard. “I have made multiple trips to the ration dealer,” she says.
If the POS does not recognise your biometric information three straight times, it sends out an OTP to the mobile number seeded with your Aadhar number to aid authentication.
The data about transactions from Mahato's shop in Kaitha shows zero OTP transaction. The data of Nirasha Devi's shop in Gandke, too, shows not even one transaction through the OTP route explaining why Chatku Mahato did not get his ration despite the OTP. Like Chatku Mahato, Nirasha Devi, too, does not know about the OTP.
“The training lasted a few hours, I do not know how to use the OTP,” she explains as she tries to show how the POS machine works. Or did not work most of the time in her case.
The machine shows no network even when you put its antenna up, in a ninety-degree position. Nirasha Devi points to a Banyan tree at a distance. “That is where I have to walk every month because we get the network there mostly,” she explains. Days it is too cloudy, she walks further away to a flat spot in the valley looking for the elusive cell phone network.
“The old system was better. Now people have to come multiple times,” Nirasha Devi says.
Even minister Rai accepts connectivity is a big hurdle.
“Yes, the network is a big problem. And 80% of our POS machines are online while only about 20% are offline. There is no other way, the network has to be strengthened,” he points out explaining how he came to know about bungling by dealers using offline mode.
"They are as good as old register system," Rai says.
Although, he claims that the dealers claim to not know about the OTP are misleading the public.
Rai is not happy with the ration dealers and thinks much of the problem lies with them. He pointed out how dealers in some cases have bought multiple sim cards and seeded those numbers in the beneficiary accounts to corner the monthly entitlement.
“We are aware of all of this,” he says.
Associate Professor of Economics at IIT Delhi Reetika Khera, who was part of the survey along with economist Jean Dreze, is aghast by the way ABBA is kicking out a section of people. Albeit, she accepts that more than 80% transaction rate defies expectations.
"These are the people who have done everything the government wants, that is got their Aadhaar, got it seeded, and they are entitled to it under a law which government made, even then they are not able to transact because the technology is unreliable,” she says.
Rai, meanwhile, in the long conversation, accepted that authentication through biotmetric is an issue for several people. He says the government is mulling buying iris scanners to replace the POS machines with fingerprint scanners but the former are costlier.
Meanwhile, for some multiple trips mean loss of work. “Every month the day dealer distributes ration I have to take an off from work,” says Manoj Mahto in Katamkuli. He works as a salesman in neighbouring Ratu town. He has no other option because it is only his 'Thepa' which works on the POS.
Multiple trips are painful for almost 90-year-old Aalo Devi who lives alone in the Mahato Tola in Katamkuli. She can barely walk and moves around with a stick. After her husband passed away she used to send her neighbours with the ration card and get her monthly PDS.
Since government made Biometric authentication mandatory, she has to walk all the way the PDS shop. She does not have a cellphone.
“The cost of transaction has gone up because the people have to come multiple times,” Khera, the who have been working on the survey in Jharkhand told Catch.
“We found two sets of people, one who are able to transact and another set of people who have been kicked out because of connectivity issues, or fingerprint issues and are not able to transact,” Khera says explaining the initial findings of the survey. “Even people who are getting it seamlessly, there are two sets of problems many of them face,”Khera says.
“Even people who are getting it seamlessly, there are two sets of problems many of them face,” Khera says.
One, that they have to make the trip more than once. Many times they are told “tower nahi hai” or “electricity nahi hai” or the POS-able member of the family is not in town that day and they are left high and dry. And that the “Dadagiri” of the dealers to do quantity frauds continue.
In May, in Katamkuli several locals say that the dealer refused to give them rice. “The dealer took the '
“The dealer took the 'Thepa' and then only gave us oil, sugar and salt and refuse to give rice, saying there is no rice,” Ramnath Mahato complains as we walked away from the ration shop in Katamkuli. Several others joined in including Satish Thakur, a student in Delhi who was visiting family in
Several others joined in including Satish Thakur, a student in Delhi who was visiting family in summer break. Thakur explains how dealer takes two to three kilograms depending on the size of the family and the total entitlement.
“My mother fought with him so things went well for a couple of months and then he again returned to the old ways,” he says.
A villager in Katamkuli, who claims his biometrics do not work on the POS machine (Sadiq Naqvi)
Plugging pilferage
In each village this reporter visited, the locals complained of the ration dealer taking a cut from every household which was getting more than 20 kilograms of rice.
“What option do we have than to just agree to him giving us less rice or taking Rs 35 for per litre of kerosene,” Ramnath Mahato asks.
Technology has ensured that people now at least know how much they are entitled to. “It is a good thing since we at least get to know how much we are entitled to. It comes on the phone,” Ramnath Mahato says.
Khera says the government is fooling when it says that Aadhaar can cut down on pilferage and corruption. She explains how there is no way Aadhar can solve this problem of quantity fraud or people being overcharged for kerosene or sugar.
Meanwhile, Rai knows the dealers continue to take a cut despite Aadhaar.
"Yes we have been getting such complaints of how people are getting less, and how dealers take a half kilogram cut on every five kilograms,” Rai says.
He, too, seems to agree that Aadhaar cannot solve this problem and talks of electronic weighing machines as the answer.
“We are sending electronic weighing machines to ensure that people see how much they are being given. Then they will at least question if they are getting less,” Rai says.
He points to a weak administrational machinery, how there are just nine full-time district supply officers and how the state needs at least three hundred marketing officers and block supply officers. "Those who have not got ration in the previous months can go and get the pending quantity," the minister claims.
However, for now the system gives you only a month's window. If a local fails to get ration for two consecutive months it at least means a loss of one month of ration. For the ration dealer, however, people not taking ration mean savings because next month they will again get the full allocation thereby incentivising turning people away.
But what about those who are not getting any ration at all?
“If they are not getting ration they can always complain at our call centre,” Rai points out how it has been functional for the last four months. He then talks about the newly formed food commission. “If they prove that they have not got their PDS, they will get compensated as per the market rate,” he explains.
“We are a pro-people government and keep their interests as priority.”
One of the reasons why the government claimed to have introduced Aadhaar in PDS was to weed out identity frauds. However, activists say the problem, for example in Jharkhand is minuscule especially after the National Food Security Act came into place and the government issued new ration cards based on socio-economic caste census data. “That exercise predates Aadhaar,” Khera points out adding how in the recent survey they came across only seven to eight cases out of a sample size of about 1000 where the ration cards looked dodgy.
“What is it that the government is achieving my deploying this elephant-scale technology to weed out anant-scale problem and in the process kicking out a considerable population,” Khera says.
“What is the point of this technology if the Thepa does not work?” Chatku Mahato asks.
Nirasha Devi, outside the ration shop in Gandke village (Sadiq Naqvi)
Villagers in Katamkuli (Sadiq Naqvi)
Villagers in Katamkuli (Sadiq Naqvi)
Gold and Silver Sales at the U.S. Mint February 2014
Buy Physical Silver Online
One Ounce Silver Eagles outsell One Ounce Gold Eagles 170.45 to 1 at the U.S. Mint in February
The Gold/Silver Ratio was 68.22/1 in January up from 64.98 in January
U.S. Mint Continues 2014 with Strong Sales of Physical Silver Bullion in February
Gold sales slump from January levels
-U.S. Mint sells 3,750,00 one ounce Silver Eagles and 22,000 one ounce Gold Eagles.
Total February 2014 Gold Bullion Sales at the U.S. Mint: 43,000 ounces, including 63,000 fractional ounce gold Eagles (totaling 9,000 ounces) and 12,000 24K one ounce Buffalo coins*
Total February 2014 Silver Bullion Sales at the U.S. Mint: 3,750,000 ounces**
Last year we started tracking the silver to gold sales ratio as measured by the sales of physical gold bullion vs. sales of physical silver bullion at the U.S. Mint. We track the sales of one ounce American Gold Eagles vs. one ounce American Silver Eagles. We now provide this data from 2008 through February 2014 and compare it to the gold/silver ratio that measures how many ounces of silver it takes to purchase one ounce of gold.
Below are the 2008-2013 U.S. Mint one ounce Gold and Silver Eagles sales in number of ounces and total dollars:
The February 2014 Silver to Gold Sales Ratio: 170.45/1
In February the U.S. Mint sold 3,750,000 one ounce Silver Eagles down from 4,775,000 Silver Eagles sold in January and up from 3,368,500 Silver Eagles sold in February 2013. In February the U.S. Mint sold 22,000 one ounce Gold Eagles down from 62,500 sold in January and down from 68,000 Gold Eagles sold in February 2013.
The ratio of one ounce Silver Eagles sold to one ounce Gold Eagles sold in February 2014 was 170.45 to 1 compared to 49.53 in February 2013.
In February the U.S. Mint sold approximately $78 million worth of one ounce Silver Eagles** and $28.6 million worth of one ounce Gold Eagles. The total value of physical gold bullion sold at the U.S. Mint including sales of one ounce and fractional ounce Gold Eagles and Gold Buffalo coins was approximately $56 million.
On February 28, 2014 at 5:15PM EST:
Silver was $21.23 per ounce
Silver Price Average in February $20.83
Silver Price Average in January: $19.91
Silver Price Average in 2013: $23.79
Gold was $1328.60 per ounce
Gold Price Average in February was $1300.97
Gold Price Average in January $1244.80
Gold Price Average in 2013: $1412.05
February Gold/Silver Ratio: 68.22/1
2013 Gold Silver Ratio: 59.25/1
Sources: Kitco and United States Mint
*In February 2014 the U.S. Mint also sold: 3,000 one half ounce gold American Eagle coins, 10,000 one quarter ounce gold American Eagle coins and 50,000 one tenth ounce gold American Eagle coins (a total of 31,000 ounces of gold American Eagle coins, including the 22,500 one ounce gold American Eagles sold).
** The U.S. Mint did not report February 2014 sales figures for their popular silver American the Beautiful five ounce coins. In 2013 the U.S. Mint sold 160,000 silver America the Beautiful five ounce coins for a total of 800,000 ounces sold.
Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) said Tuesday that he has “serious concerns” about the prospect of Rex Tillerson serving as President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's secretary of state.
“While Rex Tillerson is a respected businessman, I have serious concerns about his nomination,” Rubio said in a statement. “The next secretary of state must be someone who views the world with moral clarity, is free of potential conflicts of interest, has a clear sense of America's interests, and will be a forceful advocate for America's foreign policy goals to the president, within the administration, and on the world stage.”
Rubio sits on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which will be responsible for approving Tillerson's nomination before it goes to the rest of the Senate.
He said he looks forward to going through Tillerson's “record and his views.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Rubio alluded to reports that Trump would choose Tillerson over the weekend.
“Being a ‘friend of Vladimir' is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState – MR," he wrote on Twitter Sunday, referencing Tillerson's ties to Russia through his business dealings as CEO of Exxon Mobil.
Trump said early Tuesday that Tillerson is his choice to run the State Department.
The efficiency of many applications deriving from natural sciences depends dramatically on a finite-size property of nanoparticles, so-called surface-to-volume ratio. The larger the surface of nanoparticles for the same volume is achieved, the more efficiently nanoparticles can interact with the surrounding substance. However, thermodynamic equilibrium forces nanostructures to minimize open surface driven by energy minimization principle. This basic principle predicts that the only shape of nanoparticles can be spherical or close-to-spherical ones.
Nature, however, does not always follow the simple principles. An intensive collaboration between University of Helsinki, Finland, and Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology, Japan, showed that in some condition iron nanoparticles can grow in cubic shape. The scientists also succeeded in disclosing the mechanisms behind this.
"Now we have a recipe how to synthesize cubic shapes with high surface-to-volume ratio which opens the door for practical applications", says Dr. Flyura Djurabekova from the University of Helsinki.
In the researcher's work, experiment and theory were brought together via a new mathematical model, which gives a recipe on how to select macroscopic experimental conditions to achieve the formation of nanoparticles of desired shape.
The computational work carried out in the group of Djurabekova showed the importance of kinetical processes in this surprising phenomenon, namely the competition between surface diffusion and deposition rate of atoms. The simulations showed how an originally spherical nucleus transforms into a perfect cube.
The results were recently published in the high-impact factor journal ACS Nano.
###
Junlei Zhao, Ekaterina Baibuz, Jerome Vernieres, Panagiotis Grammatikopoulos, Ville Jansson, Morten Nagel, Stephan Steinhauer, Mukhles Sowwan, Antti Kuronen, Kai Nordlund, and Flyura Djurabekova, Formation Mechanism of Fe Nanocubes by Magnetron Sputtering Inert Gas Condensation, ACS Nano, Article ASAP, DOI: 10.1021/acsnano.6b01024, Publication Date (Web): March 10, 2016, Copyright © 2016 American Chemical Society
http://pubs. acs. org/ doi/ suppl/ 10. 1021/ acsnano. 6b01024
Image text: Originally close-to-spherical iron nanoparticle nuclei grow in magnetron sputter chambers either cubic or spheres. The research revealed a specific regime of temperature and deposition rates leading to thermodynamically unexpected cubic shapes of final nanoparticles.
Image: Panagiotis Grammatikopoulos, Okinawa Institute for Science and Technology
For more information:
Dr. Flyura Djurabekova, Department of Physics, University of Helsinki, +358-(0)2941-50084, flyura. djurabekova@helsinki.fi
With kind regards,
Minna Meriläinen-Tenhu, Press Officer, University of Helsinki, @MinnaMeriTenhu, +358 50 415 0316, minna.merilainen@helsinki.fi
December 11, 2018
Hello friends,Today we are releasing a huge update to Mountain. Every single system has been improved, as well as every shader, particle effect, texture and model. We made about 400 optimizations, updates and fixes - I have summarized the main ones below. This was in fact more work than making the original!Check out this comparison:This process began a year ago, it started by putting in some minor fixes, then got deeper as we realized how much better it could be. We are just a lot more experienced than we were in 2014.This was motivated because I wanted to get it right, but mainly as a thank you to you guys, who have been so patient and positive over the years. Your enjoyment, discussion, exploration and sharing of this game has been so incredibly encouraging... I cannot express enough gratitude to you all.+ Different Mountain Types with unique flora+ Improved Mountain shapes & appearance+ HDR rendering, new color correction & post fx system+ New cloud system and revamped environmental effects+ Improvements and optimizations to all shaders+ Re-written procedural flora systems, will produce more trees and plants with better arrangement+ More tree and plant varieties added, with improved leaf, plant & tree dynamic effects+ Addition of dynamic birds & butterflies+ More artifacts+ Music keyboard added to UI+ Slow Motion mode+ MIDI Control is now possible and works with any midi input device+ More Secret modes to discover and improved old ones**Note - due to the scale of this update - you will lose your existing save!**So, please enjoy. If you like it, please give it a review & recommend it to your friends.Thank you so much,David*edit: we released a small patch today that moves theswitch back to the main menu. You can stop automatic movement by toggling this button.Theachievement will now count yourplaying Mountain, which can be across many Mountains.See this thread if you are interested in running Mountain with Wallpaper engine- https://steamcommunity.com/app/313340/discussions/0/1736595227856425703/
Alpha23 release countdown
Oct, 16
I've been back to working on KeeperRL the last week, and things are progressing smoothly. There are only a few bugs and some balance issues left to fix. I will also be defining endless mode enemy raids by hand. The automatic difficulty scaling method that I announced earlier proved to be too difficult (pun intended) for now. The raids will still be randomized, but their difficulty curve will be created by my trial and error, rather than a mathematical method. This is something to be fixed in future releases.
At this point my aim is to release Alpha23 this Saturday. This is the first time that I announce a release date ahead of time, I hope I won't regret it. 😛
I've uploaded another testing build to the Steam ‘dev' branch. Below is a summary of changes since the last upload on September 5th. Please report any bugs and other issues!
Team members view in control mode sorts the members by their move order and highlights whoare under control.
Added “full control mode” step to the tutorial.
A lot of optimizations of the rendering code, which means framerate should go up by up to a 100%.
Much nicer health bar.
Added option to generate mana in the library – only in the free play mode .
. Added a highscore table for endless mode, ordered by turns survived.
Fixed issues with killing non-living creatures in combat (ents, golems, elementals, etc).
Fixed a glitch that allowed destroying walls by bumping into them.
COMMENTS
Fluffy – How pink can we get?
Warning: This blog post may contain humor, it talks about unreleased magic, every second sentence ends with of course and it's pink.
So the awesome sprint we had in Randa is long past. The topic of the sprint was something like "Fluffy is the new black – the future of the Pink Desktop"[1]. It is more pink and more fluffy than anything else.
Check out the first fluffy-tour!
I had not seen Harald since – dunno – some CeBit, about 3 years ago. Anyway, it was horrible to meet him again. We started and pink magic turned the upstairs attic at the xRandar sprint into fluff (much to the entertainment/annoyance of the others). We are both quite profit oriented and like real products that will make us famous, so we started Fluffy… our own Linux distribution, which of course is based on Hannah Montana Linux (not really) which is in turn based on that other thing that is based on Debian, that Harald occasionally works on.
Since we are serious about this project, we started by creating a facebook fan page. Of course. At the time of writing, we have over 80 fans. Join us and we'll rock fluff the world with… fluff! Requests for blue boys versions will probably be ignored.
So what is this "Fluffy on the Inside" with lots of Hugs and Unicorns all about? [2]
It is the dawn of what we think will be the favorite Linux distribution of the target audience that shall not be named here. Because some Norwegian superstar told us so. The target audience includes teenagers and developers of course. Developers just because we like them, and teenagers because it's so pink, that it makes your teeth hurt. (Yes, I stole that quote from one of our wallpapers which we stole from kde-look. I really hope that wasn't stolen somewhere else.)
No great design comes without careful planning. Especially the "Plasma-Ponyhof-Shell" caused us some headaches and we had long discussions about the "Movable Tree Plasma Applet" that has yet to grow up.
(note that it involves clouds, and the clouds are below the houses, what a weird word we live in)
Generally speaking, this will be the future of the desktop of course. Have fun with it. No, it's not available yet, it's the future. We're getting close to releasing an alpha version. We still love the Fluffy Bunny Plasma theme and so we are working on polishing it up for current plasma versions.
Dear artists all, if you have this pink-kink bit of humor and some fluffiness on the inside, why not join us for a bit of fun? We are tolerant of experiments, as long as they fit the color scheme and have the right level of fluffiness. We even allow you to treat this as a secondary project, this is not an exclusive religion. There is also some serious fun to be had with the icons. Oh, and we renamed Dolphin to Flamingo of course!
If you happen to like styling websites, you may call yourself our web-designer, and you'll be rewarded with the honor of working tirelessly for us under terrible conditions. We are just about to create the first public home for fluffy on the internet, it's just that we don't have time (besides all the packaging and other side-projects) to get it finished. Also we get lost sometimes, because the internets is so big. If you know your way around get in touch with us and your inner pink!
This guy supports us too, of course:
[1] I did avoid mentioning the original project name: PUKE Ultimate Edition (Pink Unicorn Koala Desktop). That is mostly because we could never find a single Koala in all we did. So the name just didn't feel right in the end.
[2] no animals were or will be harmed in the creation of this distribution, all Unicorns joined of their own free will (free-beer may have helped to convince them to give up there free as in freedom free). We are well aware that Unicorns are an endangered species, therefor we think that providing them with additional turf to bounce around on is a great environmentally friendly move. We will fall back to using Unicows, if Unicorns no longer support us.
PS: Fluffy will of course be present at Linux Tag, that is if my fluffy KDE-boothistas let me present it… Sadly the project started too late to register it's own booth, so now we have to use subtle marketing strategies, exploiting other projects. Let's see what our friends from the other distros say.
Save Article
StoneCastle Portfolio Manager Bruce Campbell talks energy, healthcare, base metals, and offers up some marijuana sector stock picks
In this interview with SmallCapPower, StoneCastle Investment Management Portfolio Manager Bruce Campbell describes why he likes the Canadian energy sector at this time and why he's increased his exposure to certain base metals stocks. Bruce Campbell also provides some new stock picks, including two marijuana sector selections, one of which is a Canadian company with operations in the United States.
To read our full disclosure, please click on the button below:
DISCLOSURE
The Content contained on this page (including any facts, views, opinions, recommendations, description of, or references to, products or securities) made available by SmallCapPower/Ubika Research is for information purposes only and is not tailored to the needs or circumstances of any particular person. Any mention of a particular security is merely a general discussion of the merits and risks associated there with and is not to be used or construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an endorsement, recommendation, or sponsorship of any entity or security by SmallCapPower/Ubika Research. The Reader should apply his/her own judgment in making any use of any Content, including, without limitation, the use of any information contained therein as the basis for any conclusions. The Reader bears responsibility for his/her own investment research and decisions. Before making any investment decision, it is strongly recommended that you seek outside advice from a qualified investment advisor. SmallCapPower/Ubika Research does not provide or guarantee any financial, legal, tax, or accounting advice or advice regarding the suitability, profitability, or potential value of any particular investment, security, or information source. Ubika and/or its affiliates and/or their respective officers, directors or employees may from time to time acquire, hold or sell securities and/or commodities and/or commodity futures contracts in certain underlying companies mentioned in this site and which may also be clients of Ubika's affiliates. In such instances, Ubika and/or its affiliates and/or their respective officers, directors or employees will use all reasonable efforts to avoid engaging in activities that would lead to conflicts of interest and Ubika and/or its affiliates will use all reasonable efforts to comply with conflicts of interest disclosures and regulations to minimize the conflict.
For once I've encountered a story which I am not quite sure is good, or is not good. Which I guess is a good thing. Certainly it is interesting, with a quirky writing style which took some getting used to. The lack of quotation marks for speech took some getting used to and was to be honest, annoying. It was hard to tell what was narrative and what was speech at times. Once I got past that I could get into the story, which is good, intriguing, but having set up a bit of a mystery, failed to explain several parts of that mystery. I mean, the honey bear, what was the situation with the honey bear?
I found myself intrigued by the story line, particularly what really happened on the captain's first contact with aliens. There was a lot of potential for a longer story, explaining the ancient ruins for example. Which in a way was good, because the story left me wanting more. Not only was I left wanting more, but I somehow felt I had missed something, and re-read it, still feeling I had missed something.
All in all, an intriguing and interesting story, but hard to follow and understand.
There were also a couple of incorrect words used;
Perhaps 'tomes' would be the right word in the following sentence;
"On the shelves stood many hundreds of Terran tombs... histories, biographies, and literature"
In this one, 'his' would be a more appropriate word instead of he;
"He took a sip of wine, leaned back, and drew up Cat Pollution and kept he eyes locked until they were back on the ground."
The top Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee wants the Department of Justice and the FBI to look into fake comments being filed to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) about net neutrality.
"I am deeply concerned that the sheer number of these potentially false comments suggest a coordinated attempt to materially mislead the FCC, and therefore a coordinated attempt to break federal law," Rep. Frank Pallone Jr. (D-N.J.) wrote in a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE and acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe.
"I urge you to take swift action to investigate who may be behind these comments and, if appropriate under applicable federal law and regulations, prosecute the people behind these fraudulent comments," he added.
The FCC declined to comment on the letter.
ADVERTISEMENT
Reports have found that potentially hundreds of thousands of false comments have been filed to the FCC both in support of and against net neutrality measures. Some of the comments have impersonated the identities of real people who say that they filed no such comments to the FCC.
The fake comments come amid a period for the public to weigh in on FCC Chairman Ajit Pai's plan to roll back Obama-era net neutrality rules aimed at maintaining a level playing field for companies on the internet.
Fight for the Future, a pro-net neutrality advocacy group that has called attention to the fake comments before, praised Pallone's letter Wednesday.
“The FCC under Ajit Pai's leadership has repeatedly refused to meaningfully address the very serious issue of fake anti-net neutrality comments submitted into its docket using stolen names and addresses,” the group said. “The public needs to know who has been attempting to distort the record with these fraudulent comments.”
Pai's “Restoring Internet Freedom” proposal has endured significant criticism from liberals and consumer advocacy groups who supported former Chairman Tom Wheeler's Open Internet Order of 2015, which instituted the net neutrality rules. Telecommunication companies that say Wheeler's rules have stifled broadband investment have fiercely backed Pai's proposal.
A press release announcing Pallone's letter mentioned it among other letters from Democrats that have been sent to the FCC raising questions about the agency's cybersecurity.
The FCC has had to field questions in recent weeks over a distributed denial of service attack that it claims occurred during a John Oliver segment on net neutrality, causing a spike in users filing comments on the site.
This story was updated at 2:13 p.m.
The conservative writers at WorldNetDaily are tired of people mocking conservatives' obsession with the supposed “War on Christmas.”
Now, WorldNetDaily claims to have proof that there is a literal war on Christmas taking place in America, making the case in an article with no byline titled “No War on Christmas? Now Decorators Assaulted.”
The New York Times in a recent article chided Donald Trump and others who insist there is a war on Christmas in America. While physical assault on Christmas decorators may not be what defenders of public celebration of the holiday have in mind, there were two such incidents recently. And, more to the point, the dispute over the meaning of “Congress shall make no law establishing a religion” is certainly alive in schools, on government land and in other areas of public accommodation. In Decatur, Illinois, 43-year-old Gregory Seitz allegedly battered a woman when she asked him to help hang Christmas decorations. And three men in Philadelphia were hanging Christmas lights when they were shot after getting into an argument with a passing motorist, police said.
The battering charges in Decatur, according to reports, were not the result of anger over Christmas, as WND implied, but occurred after a man who drank “about 10 alcoholic beverages” said he didn't want to help a woman hang decorations because “he had a hard night at work.”
The incident in Philadelphia in which three men were shot while hanging Christmas lights also appears to have nothing to do with anti-Christmas hostility. NBC reports:
Three men suffered numerous gunshot wounds Wednesday night outside a house in the Juniata section of Philadelphia when a driver of a car pulled up and opened fire, police said. The victims told police they were outside hanging Christmas lights on a house in the 4000 block of Howland Street. Shortly before 11 p.m., a driver slowly drove by them before stopping a short distance away. That's when the driver asked if any of the victims had struck his car at some point earlier, police said. An argument ensued, according to the victims, and the driver pulled a gun. He opened fire on the victims before driving off.
Nonetheless, WorldNetDaily believes that Donald Trump and other Christmas crusaders have been vindicated in their fears about a War on Christmas.
As U.S. President Donald Trump spent his weekend demeaning professional football players for peacefully protesting racial injustice, Puerto Rico continued its descent into a full-blown humanitarian crisis following a direct hit from Hurricane Maria, which last week made landfall as a Category 4 storm, devastating the island and U.S. commonwealth.
Carmen Yulín Cruz, mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico's capital city, described current conditions in an interview with The Washington Post: "There is horror in the streets. There is no electricity anywhere in Puerto Rico."
"People tell us often, 'I don't have my medication, I don't have my insulin, I don't have my blood pressure medication, I don't have food, I don't have drinking water,'" she continued. "The aid is pouring in, but what people need to realize is...we're an island—everything we need comes from outside."
Watch:
At least 10 Puerto Ricans have died so far because of the storm, but with dwindling resources, that number is expected to rise.
"A damaged dam is in danger of bursting. Most buildings are damaged or destroyed. Millions are without power, and the communication network is crippled," CNN reported on Monday, after speaking with the island's Governor Ricardo Rosselló, who warned that "we need to prevent a humanitarian crisis occurring in America."
Though Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is sending airplanes and ships to deliver food, water, and generators to Puerto Rico and other Caribbean islands affected by the recent hurricanes, Rosselló said that's not enough.
"We need something tangible, a bill that actually answers to our need right now," he said, calling for congressional action. "Otherwise, there will be a humanitarian crisis.... There will be a massive exodus to the United States."
The United States has sovereign control over the island, which declared bankruptcy in May after several years of limited support from the U.S. With no money and weak infrastructure that was ill-equipped to handle a hurricane, Puerto Rico could remain without electricity for four to six months. In July, the island's power authority effectively filed for bankruptcy.
When the governor met with mayors and representatives from across the island over the weekend, some described the situation as "apocalyptic." Journalists on the ground report increasing desperation among those who have been left with nothing.
"Many have been openly wondering when help will arrive, whether from local officials or from the federal government," the Post reported Sunday. "The first thing some villagers ask when they see outsiders: 'Are you FEMA?'"
Pictures from Puerto Rico as official says Hurricane Maria has set the U.S. territory back decades: https://t.co/NM6FU2cmBn pic.twitter.com/BHO0v9WV0h — AP Images (@AP_Images) September 25, 2017
On Monday, many across the U.S. echoed Rosselló's and Cruz's pleas for additional government relief:
FEMA has so far disbursed $2.1M for #PuertoRico relief. If that sounds like a lot, consider @POTUS trips to Florida cost $3M each. — Alternative NOAA (@altNOAA) September 25, 2017
Unconscionable while food, water, and supplies run low. Trump and Congress must act immediately. #PuertoRico https://t.co/DoUhd2kirY SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
— WorkingFamiliesParty (@WorkingFamilies) September 25, 2017
This is unconscionable. Call you Congressperson and tell them to prioritize aid to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands now. https://t.co/bDY29u9NQS — Sherrilyn Ifill (@Sifill_LDF) September 25, 2017
Maybe now would be a good time for the GOP to take a break from ripping health care from millions and get to work helping Puerto Rico https://t.co/kQhveeNc8F — Dan Pfeiffer (@danpfeiffer) September 25, 2017
We stand with our fellow citizens in #PuertoRico - Congress should send aid today. Please share contact info below. pic.twitter.com/EtDuX7WkAL — Rep. Joe Kennedy III (@RepJoeKennedy) September 25, 2017
As we recover in FL we can't ignore our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. Many still in great peril after Maria. Must take immediate action. — Rep. Ted Deutch (@RepTedDeutch) September 25, 2017
Congress needs to pass a relief package that provides immediate relief 4 our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico & #USVI https://t.co/bYCIPvF0z6 — Nat Resources Dems (@NRDems) September 25, 2017
Beyond the immediate need for food and water, the storm extensively damaged the island's agricultural sector, which is expected to further burden the island's struggling economy and increase Puerto Rico's dependence on imported food.
Citing Puerto Rico's secretary of the Department of Agriculture, Carlos Flores Ortega, the New York Times reported Sunday that Hurricane Maria destroyed about 80 percent of the crop value in Puerto Rico, a loss of about $780 million in agricultural yields, "making it one of the costliest storms to hit the island's agriculture industry."
In recent years, Puerto Rico—which historically had an economy reliant on its havesting of citrus fruits, sugar cane, and tobacco—has experienced "an agricultural rebirth," the Times explains, but that renaissance has been mostly extinguished by the storm:
Across the island, Maria's prolonged barrage took out entire plantations and destroyed dairy barns and industrial chicken coops. Plantain, banana, and coffee crops were the hardest hit, Mr. Flores said. Landslides in the mountainous interior of the island took out many roads, a major part of the agriculture infrastructure there.... Puerto Rico already imports about 85 percent of its food, and now its food imports are certain to rise drastically as local products like coffee and plantains are added to the list of Maria's staggering losses. Local staples that stocked supermarkets, school lunchrooms and even Walmart are gone.
"There will be no food in Puerto Rico," José A. Rivera, a farmer on the island's southeast coast, told the Times. Recalling the hurricane's growth before it made landfall, he added: "When I heard the meteorologist say that the [Category] two had turned into a three and then a four, I thought, 'Agriculture in Puerto Rico is over.' This really is a catastrophe."
Abstract
Exposure of human fetuses to man-made estrogenic chemicals can occur through several sources. For example, fetal exposure to ethinylestradiol occurs because each year ≈3% of women taking oral contraceptives become pregnant. Exposure to the estrogenic chemical bisphenol A occurs through food and beverages because of significant leaching from polycarbonate plastic products and the lining of cans. We fed pregnant CD-1 mice ethinylestradiol (0.1 μg/kg per day) and bisphenol A (10 μg/kg per day), which are doses below the range of exposure by pregnant women. In male mouse fetuses, both ethinylestradiol and bisphenol A produced an increase in the number and size of dorsolateral prostate ducts and an overall increase in prostate duct volume. Histochemical staining of sections with antibodies to proliferating cell nuclear antigen and mouse keratin 5 indicated that these increases were due to a marked increase in proliferation of basal epithelial cells located in the primary ducts. The urethra was malformed in the colliculus region and was significantly constricted where it enters the bladder, which could contribute to urine flow disorders. These effects were identical to those caused by a similar dose (0.1 μg/kg per day) of the estrogenic drug diethylstilbestrol (DES), a known human developmental teratogen and carcinogen. In contrast, a 2,000-fold higher DES dose completely inhibited dorsolateral prostate duct formation, revealing opposite effects of high and low doses of estrogen. Acceleration in the rate of proliferation of prostate epithelium during fetal life by small amounts of estrogenic chemicals could permanently disrupt cellular control systems and predispose the prostate to disease in adulthood.
John Hackworth has seen the types of marquee players other teams in the Eastern Conference have acquired this offseason and knows Philadelphia Union fans are getting impatient.
But in a conference call with reporters Monday, the Union manager said an inactive offseason to this point should soon become quite active. And while he didn't talk about players by name, a team official later confirmed to MLSsoccer.com that reports that the Union are pursuing, among other players, French midfielder Vincent Nogueira (above) and Argentine winger Cristian “Chaco” Maidana are accurate.
“I know sometimes fans can get frustrated by a lack of movement,” Hackworth said. “But I'm confident we're in a really good position and hopefully very soon we'll have some things to announce and show we're in a similar situation to D.C. and Columbus.
"Maybe not spending the type of money that Toronto has laid out for [Michael] Bradley and [Jermain] Defoe, but at least we're in this. I think that's good for the league overall. It's a good sign. We've just got to make sure we're ready to step up as well.”
Hackworth has talked about the potential for offseason moves for the past month, but things seem to finally be heating up leading to Thursday's MLS SuperDraft in Philadelphia.
A team official said the Union have been engaged in active negotiations with Nogueira, a 25-year-old midfielder who currently plays for Sochaux of the French Ligue 1. According to PhillySoccerPage.net, Union CEO Nick Sakiewicz and assistant coach Brendan Burke traveled to France over the weekend to meet Nogueira and watch him play.
A starter with Sochaux, the high-priced Nogueira would fit an immediate need for Philly as a box-to-box midfielder and would most likely come on board as a Designated Player.
As a left-footed attacking midfielder, Maidana would also fill a huge need for the Union, who had very few options on the left side of the field last season. The 26-year-old winger has played at the top level in Russia for Spartak Moscow and in his native Argentina with the Argentinos Juniors.
Get more Union news at PhiladelphiaUnion.com
If signed, those two players would completely revamp a midfield that sputtered through most of 2013. And while it may not be on the same level as Toronto bringing in Bradley – who the Union did in fact put in an offer for, according to a team official – Hackworth believes the signings will show that Philly can still be a major player in the much-improved Eastern Conference.
“The stakes are being raised significantly,” Hackworth said. “It has been an offseason where teams have really invested heavily and are continuing to do so. It's going to make things more difficult. Our league is getting better. I think that's a great thing. It's good for everybody. We've just got to make sure that we're doing the same thing. And I'm confident we are.”
Dave Zeitlin covers the Union for MLSsoccer.com. E-mail him at djzeitlin@gmail.com.
Such was my reaction to learn about the proposed "Inner-City Connector" in Shreveport, Louisiana, a 3.6-mile long freeway extension which would close a gap in I-49 and make it easier for long-distance motorists to zip through Shreveport without ever seeing the city. Strong Towns member Jennifer Hill laid out the story behind this project and the reasons it's a colossally ill-conceived proposal in an article yesterday.
But the fact that we're seriously having this discussion in 2017 is disturbing, given the ignominious and well-documented history of projects exactly like this. The fact that we're seriously still having this discussion in places like Shreveport is evidence of how disastrously out-of-touch both the priorities of the Louisiana DOT and the Federal Highway Administration, and the planning and funding mechanisms used to produce large infrastructure projects like this, still are.
Some historical context is necessary here. Much of it is probably familiar to Strong Towns readers, but it bears repeating.
A Brief History of Urban Highways
America has a long and shameful history of ramming ill-conceived freeways through—almost always—low-income neighborhoods populated largely by people of color. These projects have invariably destroyed and displaced whole communities, devastated the tax base of cities while subsidizing suburban commuters, and created unseemly "moats" of high-speed traffic and polluted air that ruined the urban fabric of city neighborhoods for a generation or more.
The economic death spirals into blight, abandonment, and rampant crime that were endured by countless inner-city neighborhoods in the second half of the 20th century probably owe as much to freeways as to any other single factor.
All the philosophers chosen were pretty angsty themselves too.
Simone de Beauvoir struggled immensely with the brevity of life, and the 'abandonness' of finding yourself forced to decide what to do with the short time we have, with no ultimate guidance from anything. In All Men are Mortal, her most angsty novel, the main character drinks a potion and becomes immortal (he can't even be killed). He tries to conquer the world in order to make it "completely rational", and a paradise on earth for all mankind. Eventually he becomes disillusioned, realizing that such a dream is not only practically impossible, but contradictory, and each individual group of people have to decide for themselves how they want to live. The unlikely hero of the story is perhaps a radical Lutheran priest who, when asked why he doesn't repent in order to avoid being burned at the stake, says simple that we all must follow our own conscience.
Kierkegaard was possibly the angstiest philosopher who ever lived. He's got a ton of super emo quotes like "My depression is the most faithful mistress I have known - no wonder, then, that I return the love." Ultimately, he thought the only true escape from anguish was to take the "leap of faith" into religion. Whether this worked out for him we can't really say, because he seemed to produce angsty quotes his entire life.
Camus thought that life was fundamentally absurd and meaningless. Luckily, if you are cool enough like Camus, you can revolt against this absurdity by sleeping with a bunch of women or something. Seriously though, Don Juan was one of his examples of an absurd hero in The Myth of Sisyphus. Actually he was the first example, and you sort of get the feeling that the others were added just to make it look like that wasn't his only idea. Lucky for Camus, I guess, he was the sexiest philosopher in history, by a fairly wide margin.
Heidegger thought that the authentic life had to be oriented as a project of "being-towards-death". Our life and actions are moving towards certain possibilities, but the ultimate possibility is always death, so we should live in anticipation of death. This causes anxiety and angst, but in a good way or something. I don't really know, you can read about it here, but Heidegger isn't easy. He also hated Jews, which is what the joke about Dwarves meant. Some people think making "Heidegger was antisemitic" jokes is tired and lame, but I mean, it isn't as lame as literally joining the Nazi party, so whatever.
And lastly we have Schopenhauer, undoubtedly the biggest sad-sack philosopher ever. He was an antinatalist, believing that life was literally not worth living. He thought if you added up all the suffering and happiness in a life it would be a negative value, and we should spare future generations the bother. He said that life basically oscillated between suffering and boredom. We suffer when we don't get what we desire, but as soon as we get it we are bored of it. The only thing that could sort of quell this suffering was music. But it couldn't be just any music that is nice to listen to, it had to be something powerful enough to draw out the sublime beauty of existence, like The Immigrant Song, by Led Zepplin probably.
Oh, and Bards suck in D&D.
Posted Thursday, July 23, 2015---1:24 p.m.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Companies would not have to disclose whether their food products contain genetically modified ingredients under legislation passed by the House Thursday.
The House bill passed 275-150. It's backed by the food industry, which has fought mandatory labeling efforts in several states around the country.
So far, Vermont is the only state set to require package labels for genetically modified foods. That law will take effect in July 2016 if it survives a legal challenge.
The country's largest food companies say genetically modified foods are safe and that labels would be misleading.
Advocates for the labels say people have a right to know what is in their food and criticize the legislation for trying to take away states' ability to require the labels.
There is no similar bill in the Senate.
Copyright 2015: Associated Press
View the photo gallery: Ex-Mayor Filner pleads guilty
Reaction gallery: 'A good day, justice is served'
Former San Diego Mayor Bob Filner's professional and personal collapse continued on Tuesday as he pleaded guilty to three criminal charges that he grabbed and fondled women during his first and last spring at City Hall.
Filner, 71, pleaded guilty to one felony charge of false imprisonment and two misdemeanor charges of battery at a hearing in San Diego Superior Court.
The former 10-term congressman's pleas came just one day before a criminal grand jury was set to hear evidence against him. As part of the plea deal with the state Attorney General's Office, Filner will not face any jail or prison time.
Instead he will be sentenced to three years of probation and will have to seek mental health treatment. He will also have to serve three months of home confinement and will be banned from ever seeking or holding public office again.
According to the terms of his plea deal, Filner will also surrender the portion of his pension earned after March 6, the date of his felony offense. Upon his retirement, his annual city benefit was estimated at $19,000. It's unclear what the new amount might be.
In a statement read by his lawyer, Jerry Coughlan, after the hearing, Filner wanted to put things behind him and “continue the ongoing rehabilitation he has begun.”
“His conduct, he admitted in court, was inappropriate, over the top and today he admitted it was criminal,” Coughlan said.
Filner again apologized to those he offended in the statement.
Filner was subdued during the hearing in front of Presiding Superior Court Judge Robert Trentacosta, a far cry from his last public appearance when he spoke to the City Council after agreeing to resign his seat. After some conciliatory comments at that time, he spoke bitterly about powerful interests that had driven him from office using a “lynch mob.”
California Attorney General Kamala Harris said in a statement that Filner's conduct was not just criminal but also “an extreme abuse of power.”
Filner resigned from office on Aug. 30 under a gathering storm of accusations from about 20 women who said that he had groped, grabbed or kissed them, or had made inappropriate, sexually-charged comments to them.
The accusations led to the San Diego Sheriff's Department opening a special hotline to receive complaints about the mayor. At an afternoon news conference, Sheriff Bill Gore said that ultimately the hotline received more than 200 calls and detectives ended up interviewing 90 people.
Not all the calls were accusations against Filner, he said. He also said that some of the complaints about Filner's conduct either did not rise to the level of a crime or fell outside the legal deadline for filing charges.
“I think these charges probably fairly accurately represent the type of conduct we were investigating,” he said.
Capt. Duncan Fraser, who supervised the investigation, said that initially two detectives were assigned to the task. Within three weeks that grew to five detectives, all hand-selected from the department.
Two were veteran sex crimes investigators, and one was experienced in domestic violence and sex crimes work, he said.
Filner was charged with three separate incidents, which he admitted one by one:
• On March 6, 2013 he admitted to forcibly restraining a woman identified only as Jane Doe 1 at a fundraising event in San Diego. This is the false imprisonment charge, and Coughlan said after the hearing he believed that it was an instance where Filner deployed the “Filner headlock.” That was a move some women described as draping an arm around their shoulder, pulling them close to him and not letting go.
• On April 6, he kissed a woman without her consent at a “Meet the Mayor” event at City Hall.
• On May 25 at a cleanup event at Fiesta Island, a woman approached him and asked to have a photograph with him. Just before the camera clicked, Filner grabbed the woman's buttocks.
Supervising Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel said that all three women had been contacted about the guilty plea, and agreed with the terms. She said the victims found in the plea agreement “the right balance between justice and closure.”
In addition to wanting to put the matter behind him, looming grand jury proceedings — first reported by U-T Watchdog — had an influence on the final deal, Coughlan said.
“It was important to the Attorney General that it occurs before the grand jury put in time and effort so the state would save money and resources,” Coughlan said.
[Background: The women who accused Filner]
Under state law the false imprisonment charge can be filed as either a felony or misdemeanor, at the discretion of prosecutors. The distinction often depends on how much force is used, said defense lawyer and former District Attorney Paul Pfingst.
The charge can also be reduced to a misdemeanor after 18 months, and ultimately expunged.
A spokesman for Harris declined to comment on what influenced the negotiations behind the deal but said prosecutors had assembled “the strongest case we could possibly present.”
After 20 years in Congress, Filner had come home to become the city's first Democratic mayor in decades, but served only 9 months before his administration imploded.
Coughlan said that Filner has come to realize the consequences of his conduct.
“I think he is a much more humbled man in my own personal view from the first time I met him early in all this,” Coughlan said. “I think to start out with, this was something he did not realize was as bad as it was perceived by other people.”
Filner's formal sentencing is set for Dec. 9. He was ordered to go through a booking procedure — involving mug shots and fingerprints — this coming Sunday.
Gloria Allred, attorney for the former communications director suing Filner, told U-T Watchdog by email, “It is long overdue for him to be accountable in both the civil and criminal justice system and today is an important step forward in bringing Bob Filner to justice. His conduct as the mayor of San Diego was reprehensible and justice demands that he be punished for the harm he has caused to countless women who trusted and believed in him.”
City Attorney Jan Goldsmith, who is defending the city and Filner against Allred's lawsuit, issued a statement saying, “Today's action underscores the importance of Mr. Filner's removal from office and will further help our city and the victims put this behind us.”
Separately, the Watchdog has reported, federal agents have made inquiries about Filner's handling of a Kearny Mesa development by Sunroad Centrum Partners. The developer received a city concession after giving the mayor's office $100,000 for favorite Filner causes. Any pending investigation of that matter is separate from the Attorney General's charges regarding Filner's alleged personal misconduct.
Gore said at the news conference that the hotline is now shut down.
“Our investigation is done,” he said.
View the Video Trent Seibert Reports on Filner's Plea
What is false imprisonment? False imprisonment is the unlawful violation of the personal liberty of another, basically, restraining a person's freedom of movement. Punishment: Such crimes can be punished by a fine of not more than $1,000, or by imprisonment in a county jail for not more than a year, or both. False imprisonment through violence, menace, fraud, or deceit can lead to a prison sentence.
What is battery? A battery is any willful and unlawful use of force or violence upon the person of another, grabbing or striking someone, for example. Punishment: A battery is punishable by a fine not exceeding $2,000, or by a jail sentence of not more than six months, or both.
British Airways (BA) is to begin its first ever scheduled flights from Stansted on May 28 as it seeks to compete with budget carriers.
The airport will be the fourth in the UK that BA will use as a base, launching flights to popular summer destinations that are also the mainstay of EasyJet and Ryanair - Faro, Malaga , Palma and Ibiza .
The carrier will use a 98-seat Embraer 190 jet on the flights, more commonly seen at London City Airport, which will be operated by the wholly owned British Airways subsidiary BA CityFlyer.
"This is an interesting and aggressive move by BA,” said Nick Trend, our consumer advice expert. “It's the first time it has decided to compete head to head with Ryanair and Easyjet, who have taken so much traffic from BA in recent years, on their home turf. It should be good news for passengers - increasing choice on four major routes, and keeping downward pressure on fares."
Luke Hayhoe, British Airways' general manager commercial and customer at BA CityFlyer described the move “as a fantastic opportunity for us to expand our London network and to give our customers even more choice of where to fly from this summer.
• Aeroflot: from world's deadliest airline to one of the safest in the sky
"Stansted is a growing airport,” he said, “and we will be offering a full scheduled service to some of the most popular European holiday destinations, complementing our existing services from other London airports."
With Ryanair making a well-documented effort in recent years to become nicer, the distinction between traditional airlines such as BA and their no-frills rivals is being chipped away.
Certain charges, such as having to pay (from £14 return) to select a seat, which BA introduced last March, will not apply from Stansted however.
Cala D'Hort beach in Ibiza Photo: AP
Passengers flying BA from Stansted will be given the choice of travelling in either a Club Europe and Euro Traveller cabin. They will also be offered a free seat selection and online check-in 24 hours before departure, complimentary refreshments and drinks on board and no debit card charges.
Fares start from £49 each way based on a return fare with hand baggage only, inclusive of all taxes, fees and charges.
• The best London airport hotels
Stansted MD, Andrew Harrison said he was delighted to welcome BA to the airport.
"Since we acquired Stansted, our focus has been on attracting a wider choice of airlines and these new services to Faro, Malaga, Palma and Ibiza are strong additions to our route network, which now covers over 170 destinations across Europe and North America.
British Airways had a little fun on Twitter Photo: Kevin Clark / Alamy
"I'm sure these routes will be very popular with passengers from across London, Cambridge and the growing east of England region who are looking to head off on their holidays. We look forward to working closely with British Airways to build a strong working relationship and ensure these new flights are a huge success."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mark Carney calls for a better balance between individual and firm accountability
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has called for longer prison sentences for bankers who break the law, in a speech attacking on ethics in the City.
In his Mansion House speech Mr Carney said individuals acted with a "culture of impunity".
But, he warned: "The age of irresponsibility is over."
Meanwhile, Chancellor George Osborne said he plans to bind future governments to maintaining a budget surplus when the economy is growing.
Mr Osborne gave the Mansion House audience more details of the proposal he first announced in January.
Mr Carney said markets responsible for trillions of pounds of global trade were stained by excess, collusion and abuse and that "ethical drift" had taken hold.
"Criminal sanctions should be updated, with market abuse rules similarly extended and maximum prison terms lengthened," he added.
'Markets can go wrong'
He said the Bank of England under his predecessor, Lord King, failed in the run-up to the financial crisis because of its arcane and ambiguous rules and its inability to identify risks in the banking system. It failed to effectively control markets where abuse was rife.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Osborne will say those who commit fraud will be "treated like the criminals they are"
"Though markets can be powerful drivers of prosperity, markets can go wrong," according to Mr Carney.
"Left unattended, they are prone to instability, excess and abuse.
"Personal accountability was lacking, with a culture of impunity developing.
"All these factors contributed to an ethical drift. Unethical behaviour went unchecked, proliferated and eventually became the norm," he said.
Rogue trader crackdown
Mr Osborne, who was also speaking at the Mansion House, said: "The public rightly asks: 'Why is it after so many scandals so few individuals have faced punishment in the courts?'
"Individuals who fraudulently manipulate markets and commit financial crime should be treated like the criminals they are - and they will be."
The chancellor and the governor were speaking as the Fair and Effective Markets Review was published - a report by the Bank, the Treasury and the Financial Conduct Authority on strengthening controls in financial markets.
The report recommends a crackdown on rogue traders and a new Market Standards Board that would bring the "age of irresponsibility" to an end.
The review says that criminal sanctions for market abuse should be extended to traders in markets such as foreign exchange, one of the markets hit the hardest by manipulation by banks.
'Updated sanctions'
It also says that maximum sentences for wrongdoing should be lengthened from seven years to 10.
The report argues that the Senior Managers' Regime of controls already agreed for banks should be extended to more people in financial services, including traders and brokers.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption "The Bank's contribution to the effectiveness of markets fell short," Mark Carney will say
If agreed, that would mean that tens of thousands of people in financial services would be covered by the regulations which can punish wrongdoing with fines.
The Bank said it would immediately agree to be covered by the regime, including the Governor himself.
'Arcane governance'
Mr Carney has reserved some of his harshest criticisms for the Bank of England itself and how it operated ahead of the financial crisis of 2007 and 2008.
"In the run up to the crisis, the Bank's contribution to the effectiveness of markets fell short," the Governor said.
"Once under pressure, the Bank could not support the banking system.
"The Bank neither identified the scale of risks in the system nor spotted gaps in the regulatory architecture.
"[And] the Bank's arcane governance blurred the Bank's accountability and, by extension, weakened the social licence of markets."
The Bank of England's governance had now been reformed and more would be done to strengthen the way it operated, according to Mr Carney.
'Theft is theft'
City of London Lord Mayor Alan Yarrow, who spoke first at the event, said "uphold[ing] professional standards" should be the guide for financial workers.
"I feel the pendulum has swung too far towards prescription. Just because it's legal, doesn't mean it's right. It is the spirit of what we believe is right which should be the principle of our regulation.
"It's like a supermarket with no security cameras - if someone takes something without paying, it is theft. Theft is theft. There is no escape. People should uphold professional standards irrespective of whether the regulators are there or not."
In a separate statement responding to the Fair and Effective Markets Review, he said: "By toughening up the rules for manipulating the fixed income, commodities and currency markets we are turning the corner and making further abuse less likely.
"The combination of tougher rules with the expectation of better conduct and more professionalism is what the markets need and people want to see."
DENVER -- Former New York Yankees reliever Boone Logan has agreed to a three-year, $16.5 million deal with the Colorado Rockies, a person with knowledge of the situation told The Associated Press.
The person spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity Friday because the deal has yet to be announced.
Logan spent the past four seasons with the Yankees. He was 5-2 with a 3.23 ERA in 39 innings last season. Yankees general manager Brian Cashman confirmed Logan will not return to the Bronx.
"He did a great job for us," Yankees general manager Brian Cashman said of Logan. "He came in to be the second left-hander and because of injuries to the primary lefty he became out primary lefty and he handled it. He pitched in an exciting environment and responded strongly to it. I wish Boonie the best of luck, they're tough losses overall, but again, the team is changing all the time so it's out job to find replacements."
The 29-year-old Logan was drafted in the 20th round by the Chicago White Sox in 2002.
Colorado has been fortifying its bullpen all offseason, also signing LaTroy Hawkins to a one-year deal last month. Hawkins is expected to compete with left-hander Rex Brothers for the closer's role.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. — Dave Rue, a beloved and well-known local hockey referee, died Saturday morning following a battle with lung cancer, family confirmed to FOX 17.
Rue, 54, had been a mentor for young hockey players and a high school referee for 10 years. But his lung cancer diagnosis in July 2016 forced him to stop working to focus on treatment.
"Dave is awesome, he's larger than life," said Peter Piatek, a friend of Rue. "Everybody that I've talked to said he's the best referee that they've ever had the privilege to have to do their games. One guy from Kalamazoo had said that he was the fairest and loved it when Dave stepped on the ice."
The loving father, referee and mentor lost his seven-month battle with lung cancer in hospice surrounded by family at home.
"Hospice came in a week ago Wednesday and they took him down to Trillium Woods and he stayed there until Monday," said Piatek. "One of the last things he said was he would like to go home, so we said we would make it happen."
"He called me and was just devastated with the news. He said to me, 'You're my best friend and so that being said you need to be the captain of my starting lineup so I want you to let the other guys know'."
In December, hundreds turned out for a charity hockey game in Byron Center to raise awareness and money for Rue's cancer fight. It was one of many instances when the local hockey community stepped up to support him.
“It is priceless, absolutely priceless,” Rue told FOX 17 in December. “It's overwhelming, I can't believe all of the people that have taken the time and went out of their way."
Shortly before his death, the Grand Rapids Griffins Youth Foundation renamed its scholarship program the 'Dave Rue Referee Scholarship Program.'
Each year the foundation selects and pays for up to 10 high school players to attend a referee class.
"Dave has been an incredible example of strength, humor and dignity, not only on the ice but through his battle with cancer," the post announcing the name change on the foundation's Facebook page said.
"Dave always took time to make sure the players understood what they did wrong, he talked with kids who were off-sides until they were on-sides, he would stop and make funny faces at the spectators and even did the YMCA while on the ice. We appreciate Dave for all he has done and what he will continue to do in the future, not only for the Foundation, but for our hockey community as a whole."
A celebration of life for Dave Rue will be held Wednesday, Feb. 15 at Patterson Ice Arena at 10 a.m.
GUATEMALA CITY – Tens of thousands of Guatemalans are going hungry and hundreds of thousands of children suffer from malnutrition and even die of hunger, thanks to a system that keeps them submerged in extreme poverty. Alejandro Giammatti, ex-presidential candidate of the GANA [“Grand National Alliance”] party, acts as a faithful representative of this system, primarly at the service of big financial capital, both foreign and domestic. Giammattei has recently made a fool of himself by going on a hunger-strike in an attention-seeking effort to evade justice. The National Commission against Impunity in Guatemala [CICIG] has submitted evidence not only of Giammattei's involvement in criminal activities and human rights violations, but also of his links with gangs and organized crime, evidence that also suggests the involvement of an ex-government minister and of the ex-director of the National Civil Police (PNC).
Evidence has already been released detailing relationships between criminal gangs (here known as “maras”) operating from within the country's prisons, and the highest government authorities in Guatemala. It is said that gangs pay a regular “quota” to all government officials, beginning at the cabinet level and including the chief of police and prison officials. It is alleged that individuals who were aware of these links have been systematically murdered, one by one, in order to erase any evidence of state involvement with organized crime under previous governments.
There are also allegations of criminal involvement on the part of powerful business leaders, members of the country's oligarchic class who have been accused of both directing and benefitting from organized criminal gang activity in Guatemala. It is said that these are the ones who hire paid thugs (being those who can afford such luxuries!) in order to repress social and people's movements, and who arrange the selective assassinations of the people's bravest leaders, seeking to maintain power through terror and intimidation by neutralizing struggles for popular demands.
Everything indicates that this is part and parcel of a neoliberal effort to weaken the state as much as possible, leaving it powerless to act against domestic and international financial gangsters who launder their criminal profits through the system's banks. These great tax-evaders oppose any fiscal reform that might allow the country to develop a social budget that might give the country modern hospitals that could save human lives and schools that could offer access to education to the entire population. They are the ones who will not allow the strengthening of public safety organizations, keeping them too weak to fight back against corruption and crime. They are the ones who oppose additional investment, seeking to avoid laying the foundation for economic and social development that might generate jobs, to fight unemployment and misery.
It is sad and even ridiculous that the same media outlets, columnists and institutions that have always called for the strengthening of a state of laws, for absolute respect for the law, and who have argued that each of us, without exception, ought to be subject to the rule of law, and that no individual is above the law, are now changing their tune. Now that representatives of a government that they were part of or felt part of are being investigated and/or jailed, they rush to defend the accused, spinning the facts and questioning the impartiality of a Supreme Court of Justice chosen in an electoral process that they, themselves promoted and watched over. Now they are even questioning the quality of the CICIG's investigative work, when just recently they were offering it their total confidence and support when they saw it as an ideal instrument for bringing down their political opponents.
.
Guatemala, August 20, 2010
Pablo Monsanto is secretary general of the Alternative New Nation (ANN) Party, and signatory to the Guatemala Peace Accords. Republished from Alternativa Nueva Nacion, ANN with the author's permission.
Photo: A demonstrator carries a sign that reads in Spanish “Guatemala bleeds” during a protest against violence in Guatemala City, July 23. There are about 17 deaths per day in Guatemala City, a city of 2 million. (AP/Moises Castillo)
Seven women allegedly witnessed instances of sexual misconduct by a candidate for Utah Democratic chairman, according to a Salt Lake Tribune report.
Miller, who is the party's former vice chairman and treasurer, denies any wrongdoing and says the allegations are a false, final attack before the June 17 Democratic state convention by women who want to elect a female chairman for the party. Of the nine candidates running, four are women.
According to the Tribune, the women sent a letter dated May 29 to the current Democratic chairman alleging that Miller kissed and hugged women without their consent, pulled down his pants to show LDS undergarments and stroked their hair without permission, among other specific allegations.
“Such conduct is unbecoming of party leadership, and inappropriate for any person who seeks a position of power over others,” they wrote in the letter, a copy of which was obtained by the Tribune. “It also raises the spectrum of potential future sexual harassment claims if such conduct continues.”
Miller told the Tribune in an interview that the allegations have no merit, adding, “There is no sexual harassment.”
The seven other candidates for Utah Democratic party chairman are: Leonardo Gutierrez, Neil Hansen, Ed Schwartz, Sarah Scott, Daisy Thomas, Julianne Waters and Archie Williams.
Melon Dev Update — September 2017
Jenna Zenk Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 5, 2017
October 5th. Wait what? Where did September go?
No time for closure here, we are ONLY 2 weeks away from M-0, and September was essentially about preparing surprises for M-0.
PROTOCOL
On the smart contract side, we've been iterating upon the latest major release v0.3, fixing bugs, adding some more features, improving wording, refactoring…. you know the story.
2 audits of our smart contracts started in the beginning of September.
We added the option to shut down both versions and funds.
We implemented the functionality to get the reference price from our Datafeed on the Fund contract.
We deployed a microservice whose job is to update the Datafeed contract with prices retrieved from Cryptocompare.
We added a new Risk Management module that allows for making and taking orders based on a reference price provided by the Datafeed previously mentioned.
We worked on Proof Of Embezzlement, which essentially reveals whether embezzlement occurred in a Melon fund.
We added an Exchange Adapter, which allows for interaction between a fund and an exchange in a standardized way.
We introduced the concept of an External Adapter, which is an Exchange Adapter that can be used to allow interaction between a Melon fund and external custodians / centralized exchanges.
We modified the GAV calculations in an effort to account for externally held assets (ie. on external exchange).
We implemented a Participation module that enables white-listing authorized investors in a fund.
We added some LogError events on the Fund contract, to ease the debugging processes.
We started using Dapp as we love simplicity and modularity.
We worked on a custom deployment script better suited to our needs and providing a leaner protocol deployment process.
We worked a lot on testing as usual, and wrote new tests using Jasmine; we aim at writing more challenging tests, in an effort to detect any oddities early on. #failfixrepeat
We close September with the v0.3.6 protocol release.
COMPETITION PREP
We prepared a registration interface for future Melon Managers competitions.
Users will be able to register their fund for competition. We created a Competition contract, that allows for participants registration through cryptographic signature of our terms and conditions.
We implemented a SMS verification system, most of which is on-chain, using Parity's service.
For fairness purposes, only new funds will be allowed to register.
The oracle checks for all conditions (terms and conditions signed, SMS verification, and new fund) and then attests the registration of the user.
FAUCET
We created a faucet that automatically sends some k-MLN and k-ETH to a user, using reCAPTCHA to prevent spamming.
Intended purpose is for future competitions, but the faucet is already available at faucet.melon.network.
MELON.JS
We adjusted and linked up Melon.js with the latest protocol version v0.3.6.
We introduced the concept of gasBoost, which essentially allows us to perform some gas estimation/manipulation, to make sure our function calls don't run out of gas, but don't exceed current block gas limit either. We apply the gasBoost to all our non constant function calls from now on.
We introduced the concept of the Melon Tracker, which enables a more efficient and convenient event listening. It works by parsing the Ethereum blockchain and looking for events related to our contract and relevant for UI updates (eg. order update triggers orderbook reload, price feed update triggers holdings reload and share price calculation). It also formats the retrieved information to deliver it ready-to-use. Check it out, it's cool!
We implemented pre-flight calls before sending transactions on the contracts, to detect if anything goes wrong before actually sending a transaction (and paying gas). Furthermore, we decided to also ensure that all preconditions of the protocol pass in Melon.js first, before sending any transaction to the contracts — whenever possible. This will allow us to have better error handling, easier debugging and less of that annoying Transaction Execution Error.
We also worked a lot on integration testing. The integration tests that we started designing last month turned out to be a wonderful tool for our transition from protocol v0.2 to v0.3.
We had to adjust unit tests as well, since a lot of function signatures had changed.
Latest stable version of Melon.js is v0.3.2.
PORTAL
As soon as Melon.js was stable, we could start integrating the core functionality into the decentralized-portal ie. setup fund/invest/take order/make order/redeem.
After a few weeks of back and forth between D-portal / Melon.js / Protocol, we close the month with a fully functional decentralized-portal.
In addition to that, we pursued our work on our IPFS plans. We are currently developing tools to test and deploy the decentralized-portal on IPFS. We expect to open source those tools in the next weeks to help on the development, deployment and continuous integration of applications on IPFS. Since IPNS performance is low, we use DNS and a reverse proxy to resolve the melon domains to specific IPFS hashes and an IPFS server to pin the current objects for each domain.
DESIGN
On the design side, we kept preparing M-0 material.
We worked on a new Melon branding, as well as MAMA branding (… stay tuned, M-0 announcements coming soon).
Next steps include (but are not limited to) improving the protocol efficiency and security, start working on the UI/UX of the decentralized-portal (form follows function), having solid and reliable tools for IPFS deployments and finalizing everything for competitions to come.
Now let's spark up October and make it even better than September!
If you have any feedback/suggestions for us -or just want to chat with us, please join our Gitter channel or Telegram channel.
Also, we are excited to meet some of you later on this month at the M-0 conference in Zug.
-Melon Dev Team ❤ 🍉
The Electronic Frontier Foundation today officially petitioned the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to rescind the trademark registration it had awarded a website operator on the word "gaymer," a term long used generically and without restriction.
From an EFF press release:
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) and the law firm Perkins Coie represent the Reddit gaymers - members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered community who have an active interest in video games. The group was spurred into action after blogger Chris Vizzini - who registered the trademark after creating a website targeting the gaymer community at gaymer.org - sent a cease-and-desist letter complaining about the long-running subreddit group called r/gaymers. "This registration should never have been granted," said EFF Intellectual Property Director Corynne McSherry. "Gaymer is a common term that refers to members of this vibrant gaming community, and we are happy to help them fight back and make sure the term goes back to the public domain where it belongs."
Meanwhile, on the section of Reddit that's involved in the dispute, r/gaymers, a message has been posted announcing the EFF action and explaining its significance:
"Reddit is not a haven for trademark infringement. They will not protect you if you infringe a trademark. But this case isn't about infringement, it's about harassment and the enforcement of an illegitimately granted trademark. Specifically, we believe that an entity should not be allowed to co-opt a group's identity for personal enrichment, power, or ego. "So the actions we have taken are not because we don't believe in intellectual property protection. They are because we believe the term 'gaymer' is a word that should remain in the public domain, free for use and not 'owned' by any particular individual or organization."
For his part, Vizzini has defended the legitimacy of his trademark on the very forum he is trying to stop from using it, Reddit's r/gaymers:
"As a trademark and word mark holder, it's my responsibility to defend the marks, otherwise I could lose them. "I started Gaymer.org in 2003 and began to build Gaymer as a brand. Thats why I trademarked and word marked the name. At that time, there was only one other site around dedicated to gay gamers. I have spent countless hours and thousands of dollars on Gaymer.org. I have done so gladly as it's brought happiness to many people. ... "I cannot stress this enough. I have no problem with other gay gaming sites. I think it's great others exist. The only problem I have is when the Gaymer name is used."
The Wikipedia page about the word gaymer includes numerous examples of its longstanding generic use, with the oldest documented instance dating back to 1991.
You can read the EFF's petition to cancel the trademark here.
(Update: I didn't know this: Seems Gaymers means something completely different (or at least can) in the U.K.)
(Update 2: Seems there's been another trademark dispute involving the gaymer community.)
Welcome regulars and passersby. Here are a few more recent buzzblog items. And, if you'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter, here's where to sign up. You can follow me on Twitter here and on Google+ here.
On the face of it, news that the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation had signed a pact to buy a stake in the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation earlier this month seemed to be that of a routine merger-buyout deal. However, this agreement is not business as usual. It is a case of a cash-rich public sector enterprise being made to subsidise a state-owned company steeped in debt.
Suggestions that ONGC would have to bail out the Gujarat company surfaced during the Budget session of Parliament earlier this year, shortly after a Comptroller and Auditor-General report pulled up Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation for grossly mismanaging its exploration and development-related activities in the Krishna-Godavari basin, as well as its overseas assets. This had led to higher costs and financial losses. The CAG report, which was tabled in the Gujarat Assembly on March 31, noted that the total borrowings of the company, which were Rs 7,126.7 crores as on March 31, 2011, had jumped by 177% to Rs 19,716.3 crores as on March 31, 2015.
Rumours and suspicions
The financial state of the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation subsequently featured in Parliament in May. It was raised by the Congress, which alleged that ONGC would soon be bullied into bailing out the Gujarat company. The Bharatiya Janata Party countered this, saying that the Congress was raking up the issue only to deflect attention from the Agusta Westland helicopter controversy that was raging in Parliament at that time. The Congress allegations possibly took root from a news report that appeared the day after the CAG report was tabled.
That report said that ONGC was being offered at least 50% stake to make it the operator of the Deen Dayal West field (a 1,850 sq km area in the Krishna-Godavari basin area off the coast of Andhra Pradesh), which had been awarded in February 2003 to a consortium led by the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation for exploration. Soon, the ONGC-GSPC negotiation was quantified: the deal could be worth anything between $2 billion and $2.5 billion. This amount is close to the Rs 14,500-crore cash reserves that ONGC reportedly had in March.
The charges made by the government's detractors were confirmed when Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan admitted in May that the two companies were talking to each other, and that the outcome of the parleys between the companies would be a “commercial decision”.
At that time, Pradhan asked: “Are ONGC and GSPC equivalent to India and Pakistan that they cannot merge?”
The murky side
On the face of it, they certainly can – but only if such a merger is not contrary to ONGC's or the public's interests, or if there are no indications of surreptitious negotiations.
This apprehension was raised by former economic affairs secretary EAS Sarma in a letter to KD Tripathi, secretary to the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, in July.
Sarma wrote:
“I understand that your ministry is trying to persuade the ONGC to go to the rescue of GSPC, which will have the effect of transferring the risks to the ONGC and dent ONGC's finances. Since the public has a substantial stake in the ONGC, such a step is unacceptable. Decisions taken in that respect should be on the basis of a transparent and a wider discussion and debate.”
No such debate took place.
Sarma has long been tracking developments related to natural gas exploration and production in the Krishna-Godavari basin and in 2011, had even filed a Public Interest Litigation involving Veerappa Moily, who was then the Petroleum Minister, and Reliance Industries Limited.
Sarma's fears were not unfounded.
When the ONGC board approved the preliminary agreement to buy a stake in the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation's Krishna-Godavari basin gas block, what came to light was a virtually unheard of dispute resolution mechanism that was being written into the Memorandum of Understanding. According to this clause, differences over issues like valuation of natural gas reserves would be referred to a three-member committee of outside experts.
Independent consultants?
This is significant since one of the prime reasons the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation is in a financial mess is that it had overestimated its gas reserves in the first place. Eyebrows should now be raised at the fact that a dispute resolution mechanism is being put in place for valuation and estimates. This means that the Gujarat company is not that sure of the probable reserves of 14 trillion cubic feet – of which around 7.6 trillion cubic feet are recoverable – that petroleum consultancy firm Gaffiney, Cline and Associates has estimated in the Gujarat company's Krishna-Godavari block. In fact, Pradhan has been boasting about the viability of the ONGC-GSPC deal based on these very same estimates.
But, that is not all. Here is the cash-rich ONGC buying a majority stake in a company that is in acute distress, and yet it does not have the freedom either to make its own moderate estimates of the natural gas reserves it will soon be an operator of, or to carry out a valuation of the estimates.
For the record, the rate of gas production of the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation from its Krishna-Godavari basin block has not only been unstable over the years, it has been way below what had been estimated initially.
Worse, ONGC has appointed a so-called independent US-based consultant, Ryder Scott, to assess the reserves of the block. This is the same company that the Gujarat company had engaged for precisely the same block to conduct “a review of the data pertaining to the exploratory potential for petroleum resources, provide a qualitative opinion of the technical data and interpretations supporting the validity of various identified prospects”.
As Sarma wrote in a subsequent letter to Tripathi last week, “Ryder Scott cannot be considered an ‘independent' consultant to assess the reserves of GSPC's block at all.”
Saving GSPC
The Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation has been in the red for a while but moves to resuscitate it started when the BJP headed by Narendra Modi came to power at the Centre in 2014. In 2005, when he was chief minister of Gujarat, he announced that the company had made “the biggest-ever discovery of its kind in the country” of estimated reserves of 20 trillion cubic feet of natural gas worth $50 billion. Three years later, he made a bigger claim: that the reserves were even more in quantity, and worth $100 billion.
The first person to prick this balloon was Jean-Paul Roy of GeoGlobal Resources, one of Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation's partners in the consortium. Roy had not only contradicted Modi's claims, but had also filed a complaint with the New York Stock Exchange saying that the Gujarat claim was premature.
Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation's over-estimates of reserves and under-estimates of costs are well documented, and now ONGC will pay the price for someone else's cavalier attitude.
Subir Ghosh is a journalist and researcher in Bengaluru, and co-author of Gas Wars: Crony Capitalism and the Ambanis.
Fabien "Febiven" Diepstraten said that he never agreed with Luis "Deilor" Sevilla's coaching style in an interview with Red Bull esports. In a follow-up tweet to a fan question, he also commented that it may have been a partial factor in Kim "Reignover" Yeu Jin and Heo "Huni" Seung-hoon's decision to leave Fnatic.
@rufusonfire a part of it yes — Fabian Diepstraten (@FnaticFebiven) August 15, 2016
In an interview with Red Bull's Karina Ziminaite, Febiven said that Fnatic is working better without Deilor as head coach, though he did admit there were good sides to Deilor's focus on out-of-game improvements.
"I just never really agreed with how Deilor worked," Febiven said. "I'm just really motivated because we have Nico now and he can sort out our stuff."
Fnatic recently dropped their old coach, Deilor, and replaced him with assistant coach Nicholas "NicoThePico" Korsgård, formerly Origen's head coach. At the time, Deilor stated that he felt he wasn't able to fix the team's problems, and Febiven said that he can already see Nico's style improving the team.
"I think Nico has lots of game knowledge, like he can actually make a team play together and tell them, 'You should go to Baron now, you should go to Drake now, you should put vision down,' and that was something we really lacked because Deilor wasn't really putting us together as five," Febiven said.
"He wasn't telling us every play, like 'Hey guys you should go as five now, you should go top and push the wave then go mid.' He was more like suggesting stuff like, 'Why don't you flash there, why don't you do that, why don't you do that,' and then you get a conversation between the players, but usually you don't get an agreement then."
I'm pretty bad at explaining the situation with Deilor, maybe I can try someday when I have time to write a big post :) — Fabian Diepstraten (@FnaticFebiven) August 15, 2016
Following the interview, Febiven took to Twitter to explain that he could have explained his issues with Deilor's coaching style better, and may write a blog post detailing the problems. However, he then answered a fan who asked him if Deilor's coaching style impacted Reignover and Huni's decision to leave the team. Febiven tweeted that Deilor's coaching style was a partial factor in their decision to join Immortals instead of sticking with Fnatic for the 2016 season.
According to Febiven, when Deilor left the team house the team's cook, Deilor's girlfriend, left a well, and they've been ordering in food instead. Part of Deilor's coaching style was promoting a healthier lifestyle, but Febiven told Ziminaite that he prefers NicoThePico's focus on in-game strategy.
"Nico is a really nice guy and I think he's a better coach for us because I think Deilor was too try-hard and wasn't really helping us that much with in-game stuff because he obviously doesn't play League, but his stuff outside of the game was, I can see it actually has an impact," Febiven told Ziminaite.
"How your schedule works and how you eat and stuff, if you go to the gym, I think he had good sides but things were lacking. I think the things he brings are not going to change a player's skill level.
"If I go to the gym once, I'm not going to be a better player."
Daniel Rosen is a news editor for theScore esports. You can follow him on Twitter.
