Thomas Williams is a 72-year-old cancer patient in Michigan who has decided to use medical marijuana to alleviate his symptoms. In Michigan, patients can grow up to 12 plants at a time, so when Williams noticed a couple of his plants were dying, he started sprouting seedlings to replace them and maintain his supply.
While common sense would suggest that this is a perfectly reasonable gardening decision, local police disagreed. They battered down his door, raided his house in full SWAT gear, and handcuffed the elderly man on the living room floor while ransacking his home.
Here's the real kicker, though: Williams was never charged with a crime—probably because, again, the only thing he did “wrong” is sprout some seeds—but the police still used civil asset forfeiture to rob him blind. They took his car, $11,000 in savings, and his shotgun. They're also trying to take his house, but Williams is fighting this final theft in court.
His lawyer describes the asset forfeiture program as “straight-up theft,” because the “forfeiture penalty does not match the crime. It's absurd. They grow an extra plant, and suddenly they're subjected to forfeiture. A lot of my practice is made up of these kinds of cases: middle-aged, middle-income people who have never been in trouble before. It's all about the money.”
JOIN OUR FAB TEAM!
Improv *All Stars* to Facilitate ImprovVO Events
LoveThatImprovVO is the ONLY online, audio-only workout group designed specifically for voice-over talent (VO), focusing on improvisation in short workouts, building and applying improv to VO in structured classes. We have been running improvisation workouts for VO since 2013, gradually increasing our services to include classes, targeted workshops and special events.
We are always happy to engage with experienced and talented improvisors who may want to join us as facilitators. A VO Improv facilitator has the experience to run any event we might offer. We want a great relationship of mutual trust, integrity and support with every facilitator.
The group workout facilitator leads a group of 3-12 voice actors through a variety of audio-only improv exercises for up to 90 mins each workout. Exercises can be selected from our growing library, or you bring yours. VO participants join you in the Skype group call from their home VO studio, and everyone brings a great attitude and willingness to play. The participants range in age and VO experience, but everyone is qualified to join the level they are in through our vetting process. Most workouts are a blast, lots of good energy, fun expressions, supportive and a safe environment for creative juices to flow!
Technologically you need to be able to lead workouts via Skype with a uninterrupted internet connection, good audio on your end without background noise, and easily be able to record the audio from the workout to upload it to dropbox.
Here's a quick summary:
Freelance - Independent contractor
Hourly pay, depending on experience with improv and facilitating groups
A great networking opportunity
Super freakin' fun!
If you or someone you know is interested, please say “Yes, And”!
Send an email listing your experience, references and contact info to Rebecca@lovethatrebecca.com
Dollar signs for eyes - cartoonists have been drawing them for years, and the artists, while whimsical, may have been onto something. According to new research from UC San Diego, areas of the brain responsible for vision respond more strongly to objects of value.
Led by John Serences, assistant professor of psychology and head of the Perception and Cognition Lab at UC San Diego, the study is published in the Dec. 26 issue of the Cell Press journal Neuron.
Past rewards influence how humans (and other animals) make decisions. We've known about that for a long time, said Serences - through day-to-day experience as well as the numerous experiments of economists and cognitive psychologists. Though more and more research is looking into it, little is known about how rewards affect the way the brain processes incoming sensory information, specifically as it relates to vision. Could it be that we see things differently if they have paid off before?
Serences examined how value affects visual processing with functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), a brain-scanning technique that indirectly measures neural activity. The brain activity of subjects was recorded as they chose between red and green targets that varied in value across the experiment. Selecting a target might yield 10 cents or nothing, potentially earning subjects making the "right" choices 10 dollars. The fMRI scans were conducted at UC Irvine.
Analysis revealed that rewards altered neural activation in many areas of the human visual system, including the very first visually responsive region of the brain, the area of the cortex known as "V1," which is associated with representing basic features such as edge orientations and color.
"When a target had been valuable in the past - if selecting it had had paid off with money- the visual system represented it more strongly," Serences said. "Rewards affected information processing not just at a high level of cognitive function but right from the get-go."
"Though it is too early to say how this relates to perception," said Serences, "it raises the intriguing possibility that we see things we value more clearly - much like the way the brain responds to a bright object versus a dimly lit one."
Interestingly, changes in neural activity were better associated with the reward history of the red/green targets than with self-reported estimates of value: "It's as if the visual system is telling you how valuable something has been to you in the past," Serences said, "and telling it to you like it is, even though you can't consciously identify it."
The study also found activation in the frontal and parietal regions of the brain previously implicated in anticipating and tracking rewards. These areas were very active when one choice was much more valuable than the other, suggesting, Serences said, that these regions may provide signals to bias visual processing and so have a greater impact on decision-making and behavior.
Further research on how the brain represents the value of different objects, Serences said, could someday help us better understand how addictions influence information processing in the brain. The mere sight of drugs or particular foods, for example, may have a larger impact on the psyches of some people. Their eyes may be on the wrong prize.
###
Community Meeting Transcript
Hello,
Welcome to our monthly general community meeting. Today with us is Joel, Isabella, and I. We have just updated our blog post with the questions you sent us this week. It took a little bit longer because I'm currently in Aachen. Yesterday, I attended the StartupCon in Cologne which was really nice, it was the second last conference Lisk will attend this year.
Feel free to read it and come back with follow-up questions. The meeting will start in 5 minutes at 6pm. We will directly jump into the Q&A part, so feel free to ask anything you would like to ask.
Someonsomeone: what is your purpose in visiting conferences? Networking, getting investors, developers… ?
Max: I have many reasons to visit conferences, the reasons shifts from conference to conference, and also over time it changed quite a lot.
Some reasons are:
- Networking (I met nearly every big and important person in the space, most important reason)
- Developers (It was an early effort, but I quickly found out that it didn't help at all. Every dev on a conference already has a good job)
- Learn to understand the space and know how it ticks. (In January I knew nothing, I learned dramatically much in the past 11 months by attending conferences.)
- Promoting Lisk (People on conferences are multiplicators, by telling them good stuff about Lisk they will tell it to more people.)
- Give Lisk credibility (If people see a face they give a project much more credibility!)
Punkrock: Are you planning to stay in Berlin or will you move to Switzerland?
Joel: Staying in Berlin.
Someonsomeone: How much of the ICO funds have been spent thus far?
Max: Let me check. Around 300 BTC, most of these obviously were spent at lower prices than right now.
Max: 222 BTC have been refunded to me which came from my personal funds. We created an agreement with the escrow partners for this. We are now operating with the refunded money, and if they get depleted we will initiate a refund again. (If by then the foundation is not established)
Someonsomeone: Thanks. Are the new dev candidates not happy with the pay or are you not happy with them? I thought that Lisk was made with Javascript just because of the fact that there will be a bunch more devs available…
Joel: It's very difficult to find promising developers for blockchain technology even though we're actively interviewing developers on a daily basis
Isabella: Like Joel said, It's very difficult to find developers in this space. We have the resources and all of that. Finding the people the skillset we need is difficult. Most of the people who have the skills are already employed.
Mcdaddy: Once forging starts community devs will come back and help exactly so maybe hire some short term remote devs and get to crunch time
Joel: Also, there's a transitional/learning period for any developer that joins us. They will need to get acquainted with the technology behind Lisk before they can begin “developing”
Max: We discussed this very recently and by now this is a very likely possibility. However, you are underestimating the period of time these developers need to get used to the code base.
LSK: Are you trying to recruit at conferences?
Max: I answered that above. In the beginning we were, but we quickly found out that everyone who goes to these conferences already have a great job/career. Especially within the blockchain space, currently there are only the most talented people in it. That means it's even harder.
But even on the Angular meetup Joel and I attended few days ago, everyone had a great job already.
Forger_of_lsk: does that mean you are open to remote devs?
Joel: We're looking into them, but it's looking like a yes.
Someonsomeone: Ok. One more question from me. Why are deposits and withdrawals not available on Poloniex?
Joel: hat's been fixed.
Someonsomeone: great. I see it now. Issue a tweet or something about that…
Joel: It was a Polo issue
Joel: They were preforming Maintenance I believe
Someonsomeone: It doesn't matter whose issue it was, people should get notified that it got fixed
Joel: Yes, I agree that Poloniex should communicate with their traders about the maintenance of their wallets.
wannabe_RoteBaron: do you plan to have a talk at CCC in Hamburg in december?
Max: Not yet. Do you know anyone there who you can put me in contact with?
Mcdaddy: Is anything lost by switching from ggmbh to switzerland?
Joel: Not that we know of. The experience with the Swiss Gov. has been much better.
Someonsomeone: Is the Stiftung needed to hire new people? Or can you do it before?
Max: The legal entity is required to move forward as a real company. Else we can't legally hire employees, approach big companies, and so on.
Someonsomeone: will you be the lsk escrow for Ark?
Max: No.
A big thank you to everyone who participated our community meeting. It was a lot of fun, like always. 🙂
At the end I'd like to announce that going forward we will merge the general and technical community meetings into one. The new community meeting will happen once a month. I will publish a blog post about it and we are currently brainstorming how we can make them more engaging. Please expect the weekly summary tomorrow.
Thank you!
Facebook's Declining User Growth Rate, Pictured
Congrats, Facebook!
According to the stats you released during Wednesday's earnings call, your monthly and daily active user numbers are up higher than ever, topping 1.11 billion and 665 million, respectively. That's great, really.
Problem is, even though it is growth, that growth rate has seen a slow decline over the past year, as the company has penetrated deeper into the U.S. and Europe. Asia and what Facebook deems the “rest of the world” categories are clearly the largest areas for potential new user growth, and thus where the company will likely focus its growth efforts.
Good news, however! Daily active users as a percentage of monthly active users — usually a good sign of how engaged users are — is very slowly yet very steadily on the rise, at about 60 percent compared to 55 percent since Q1 of 2011.
Take a look at the chart below for insight into the growth rate decline:
By IDSA
By Ajey Lele
The ‘notion' of Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) has taken a beating after the November 13, 2015 terrorist attacks in Paris. CIP is about protecting vital infrastructure, which, if attacked, would have deleterious consequences for the state and society. Such infrastructure includes essential services on which the population depends heavily for various routine but essential activities like managing water and electric supply, maintenance of rail and airline networks, etc. For the last couple of years many states have placed a major emphasis upon CIP and have made significant investments to ensure that the architecture for CIP gets appropriately established. However, the recent attacks in Paris and the nature of targets selected there by the terrorists indicate that the ‘process' behind identifying what is Critical Infrastructure has limitations and terrorists could select many more targets that are outwardly not Critical.
The idea of CIP could be said to have begun when US President Bill Clinton issued Presidential Decision Directive [PDD]-63 in May 1998 to set up a national programme of ‘Critical Infrastructure Protection'. Europe too views CIP as an important instrument and has in place the ‘European Programme for Critical Infrastructure Protection' (EPCIP). For its part, India has the ‘National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre' (NCIPC), which essentially handles cybersecurity related issues.
The terrorist attacks in Paris and prior to that in Mumbai (26/11) demonstrate that terrorists are not concentrating on Critical Infrastructure as a target of choice. Instead, they are targeting places where they can inflict maximum damage to human life as well as garner wide publicity. This is, however, not to argue that Critical Infrastructure has lost its relevance as a ‘rewarding' terror target. Perhaps realising that such targets are difficult to attack owing to security measures put in place, terrorists seem to have shifted their attention to softer targets.
This raises some basic questions: Are global powers unable to visualise the probable patterns of terrorism? Are the tools used by them to handle current asymmetric threats appropriate? Are attacks like those in Paris exposing the limitations of the existing preparedness and response mechanisms?
It is well-known that ‘terrorists have to be lucky only once but the state has to be vigilant all the time'. The successes achieved by intelligence agencies are normally not known but their one odd failure has large-scale ramifications. Also, policing or military measures are unlikely to eradicate terrorism and the solution has to be political, economic and sociocultural. Zero terrorism is not an achievable objective. However, all this should not justify the failures of security agencies at Paris or Mumbai. The success of terrorists indicates policy and policing failure at both tactical and strategic levels.
Against the backdrop of the Paris attacks, there is a need to introspect about the effectiveness of the approaches adopted by major states to counterterrorism. It could be broadly argued that the ‘Global War on Terror' being a US construct, the global response also has a US bias. States are mostly building their respective policy structures based on the US ‘interpretation and response' to this challenge. As a result, CIP became a buzzword and the idea spread globally owing to the degree of emphasis given to it by the US and the EU. Post 9/11, many terrorism experts ‘mushroomed' and some ended up converting the issue into an academic debate. This led to non-specialists influencing major policy decisions. Various forecasting and modelling techniques borrowed from military studies, management and economics were used to analyse terrorism. Multiple justifications were offered to understand the ‘method behind the madness' for various acts of terrorism. Theoretical conceptualisations were evolved to ‘situate' terrorism under preconceived ‘formats'.
None of this appears to have helped to stem terrorism as is evident from the continuing activities of ISIS, Boko Haram, Al Qaeda, and Talban during the last decade and a half. The Paris attacks only reinforces the case for states to recalibrate their approaches to intelligence gathering, data interpretation and policy response. Analysts need to recognise that the use of smart language and analyses based on Cold War era theories are unlikely to offer appropriate solutions to current problems. For example, the ‘game of chicken' metaphor used to explain how people avoid a potentially fatal head-on collision may not hold good in the scenario of a suicide terrorist who is ready to die for a cause.
Post 26/11, it appears that India is essentially following the Western model to counter terror-related challenges. The Paris attacks show that such models have limitations. India is often criticised for lacking in ‘Strategic Thought'. However, states that are lauded for their ‘Strategic Thought' have only faced failures from Vietnam to Iraq to Afghanistan to Syria. The Paris attacks should make India think for itself.
Views expressed are of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the IDSA or of the Government of India. Originally published by Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (www.idsa.in) at http://www.idsa.in/idsacomments/paris-exposes-the-limitations-of-the-wests-approach-to-counter_avlele_181115
If Islamic militants in Gaza or Lebanon go to war with Israel, they could find their usual targets empty.
Israel is drawing up contingency plans to evacuate up to a quarter-million civilians from border communities to protect them from attacks from Hamas, Hezbollah or other Islamic militant groups.
The mass evacuations would be the biggest in Israel's history, part of a bigger plan where the army works with municipalities to keep civilians safe.
Increased tension on all sides
All sides have been preparing in case a new round of warfare breaks out, although Hezbollah, an Iranian-backed group sworn to Israel's destruction, currently is tied down in Syria's civil war fighting in support of President Bashar Assad. It also comes amid an uptick in tensions between Israel, Syria and Hezbollah.
Each side has warned that a new conflict would be worse than previous ones. Hezbollah fired more than 4,000 rockets on Israeli communities in the 2006 war, while Israel bombarded militant targets in southern Lebanon. The month of fighting killed an estimated 1,200 Lebanese, most of them civilians, as well as 44 Israeli civilians and 121 Israeli soldiers.
In 2014, 50 days of fighting between Israel and Gaza's Islamic militant Hamas rulers killed an estimated 2,100 Palestinians, six Israeli civilians and 66 Israeli soldiers. There was widespread devastation in Gaza and thousands of rockets and mortars fired by Hamas and other Islamic militants at Israeli towns and cities.
Israel says Hezbollah and Hamas have rebuilt larger arsenals capable of hitting the entire country. Elements of the evacuation plan, codenamed “Safe Distance,” were disclosed by a senior Israeli officer in an interview to The Associated Press.
“In 2017, all of Israel is under threat,” said Col. Itzik Bar of the military's Homefront Command. Preparations are underway for Israel to deal with “very high amounts” of incoming fire, he said.
Hezbollah better prepared
Bar pointed out that Hezbollah has gained battle experience from fighting alongside Assad's forces and that Hassan Nasrallah, the Shiite group's chief, has recently increased his rhetoric about attacking Israel.
The idea is to “remove the threat by not having civilians there,” Bar said. “We want a meeting of army and Hezbollah forces and not civilians with Hezbollah forces.”
The evacuation plan would apply mainly to communities adjacent to the borders, he said.
“In places where we understand there is a great danger to civilians, for example, where we won't be able to supply defenses or supply deterrence ... we will evacuate,” Bar said.
Evacuees would be housed in existing infrastructure, including hotels, schools and Kibbutz guest houses, he said.
The scope of evacuations would depend on the situation, but all told, the plans cover up to 250,000 people who would be moved to safety if there is a conflict on multiple fronts, he said. Israel has a population of about 8.5 million.
Small core groups would stay behind in evacuated areas to maintain vital infrastructure and ensure that communities “function the day after the fighting,” he said.
'Iron Dome' defense a plus for Israel
Another senior security official, speaking on condition of anonymity in line with protocol, said the idea resulted from lessons learned in the 2014 Gaza war, in which communities were not evacuated but residents eventually left on their own.
Tens of thousands of Israelis left their homes near the Gaza border as the fighting dragged on, turning some areas into ghost towns. The exodus was sparked by Palestinian shelling along with the fear of heavily armed Gaza militants infiltrating Israel through tunnels.
Border communities vulnerable to mortars are the most in danger, he said.
Israel's “Iron Dome” defense system was seen as a game-changer in the 2014 war, ensuring a decisive protective edge from short-range rockets fired from Gaza. But the security official said there were not enough of the defensive systems to cover attacks on multiple fronts.
He said Hezbollah has significantly built up its weapons stockpile since the 2006 war and has upgraded its arsenal to about 150,000 missiles.
Hezbollah upgrades weapons stock
Israel has made it clear it will act to prevent Hezbollah getting advanced munitions and is widely believed to have carried out several airstrikes in recent years on weapons convoys destined for the militant group. On Friday, it made a rare admission of such a strike after Syria fired missiles at its jets.
However, the official said Israel fears that some advanced weapons like surface-to-sea weapons or anti-aircraft missiles might already have reached Hezbollah.
Israel's military chief, Lt. Gen. Gadi Eisenkot, told an academic conference Tuesday that Hezbollah's top military commander was killed in Syria in May 2016 by rivals within the group. The announcement was the latest sign of an escalating feud between Israel and Hezbollah.
He said the death of Mustafa Badreddine illustrated “the depth of the internal crisis within Hezbollah.” He also said it reflected “the extent of the cruelty, complexity and tension between Hezbollah and its patron Iran.”
An Israeli military official said Israel believes the order to kill Badreddine was given by Hezbollah's leader Nasrallah.
Israeli intelligence believes Badreddine had been feuding with Iranian military commanders in Syria over the heavy losses his group had suffered on the battlefield.
Israel adds to missile defense
Israel, meanwhile, has been building up its missile defenses. A system called "David's Sling'' to intercept medium-range missiles from Hezbollah is due to become operational in early April. That would mark the completion of a multilayer missile defense system that includes Iron Dome and Arrow, designed to intercept long-range ballistic missiles — of the type possessed by Iran — high in the stratosphere.
The military also has vastly improved its early warning systems, according to Bar, the Israeli colonel.
Technology has come a long way since 1991 when air raid sirens sent Israelis nationwide scurrying to bomb shelters when Iraq fired Scud missiles at Tel Aviv. In the 2014 Gaza war, sirens warned of incoming rocket attacks on wide areas.
Bar said the system has been narrowed down and improved “dramatically” with more than 3,000 different warning zones. Now only civilians in the line of fire will need to take shelter, while others in the same city won't, he said.
An annual intelligence assessment found Hezbollah or Hamas probably are not interested in sparking a war in 2017, but it warned of the danger of a dynamic of escalation leading to conflict. In February, Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah said Hezbollah was not seeking a resumption of hostilities. But he vowed that if war did begin, his forces would strike Israel's Dimona nuclear facilities.
Hamas repairs tunnels
Israeli officials have in turn escalated the rhetoric with Lebanon, citing concern about recent comments made by Lebanese President Michel Aoun, a strong Hezbollah ally who was elected head of state in October.
In an interview last month with an Egyptian TV network, Aoun said Hezbollah “has a complementary role” to the Lebanese army. As long as the Lebanese army is not strong enough to battle Israel ... “we feel the need for its existence,” he said. The army's newly appointed commander also has vowed to boost its capabilities.
Several Hamas officials say the group does not seek a confrontation with Israel now, but that it has developed its arsenal and restored its capabilities to an even greater amount than before the 2014 war. They did not specify numbers.
Reports in Gaza suggest Hamas completed repairs to dozens of attack tunnels used to infiltrate Israel that were damaged in 2014.
More than 90 percent of Chinese token offerings have refunded their investors' money in full, and some Chinese exchanges have also issued restitutions as they prepare to suspend cryptocurrency trading.
The Xinhua News Agency reported today that over 90 percent of token offerings ( ICOs ) based in China have fully compensated everyone who purchased their tokens, indicating that the process of shutting down all Chinese-hosted cryptocurrency exchanges and ICOs is well underway. Additionally, several exchanges have begun compensating holders of their native tokens, which users of a given exchange could purchase with fiat currency and then trade for cryptocurrency. Xinhua attributed the information to a government office that's name translates to “the Shanghai Internet Financial Risk Special Rectification Work Leading Group.”
Of the 17 exchanges that had been operating in China, four have already ceased operations, while the rest have announced the dates that they intend to halt trading on their platforms.
On September 4, the People's Bank of China (PBoC) and several other government agencies jointly announced an ICO ban, effective immediately from the date of issuance. As reported by ETHNews, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) released a statement the following day that advised, “Where the digital tokens involved in an ICO fall under the definition of ‘securities,' dealing in or advising on the digital tokens, or managing or marketing a fund investing in such digital tokens, may constitute a ‘regulated activity.'” The announcement went on to explain that those wishing to engage in such activity would have to first obtain the requisite license from the SFC.
On September 15, government officials informed two prominent Chinese exchanges, Huobi and OKCoin, that they would have to stop trading by October 31, 2017.
Furthermore, from February 2017 until the beginning of June, Chinese exchanges complied with a PBoC directive to implement a freeze on all cryptocurrency withdrawals.
This is the tricky part.
Start by feeding the wire through the connector on the back, give yourself enough slack to work with. Take your wire blade connectors and attach two to the white and black wires on the plug, and two to one end of the lamp cord. (I changed lamp cord to this higher quality one I had lying around)
Connect the black wire(Hot) to the brass screw, connect the white wire(Neutral) to the silver screw. Green wire goes to the green screw. Didn't take pictures of this part, but the included picture shows the basic idea, use the blade connectors to connect the wires to the outlet.
Next bring the other end of the lamp wire up through the 1/8 inch tube and out the top. Connect the black to brass, and white to silver. Don't need blades here, you should have enough room.
Lastly make sure it all fits inside of your box. I did my wiring to fit with the shape of the outlet/curve of the box. You may need to re-position some cables to get it all in there snug. Then test to make sure the wiring works before you seal it up.
Seattle Seahawks team personnel attend to Seahawks tight end Anthony McCoy, left, after he went down with an injury. (Photo11: Ted S. Warren, AP) Story Highlights McCoy suffered the injury in organized team activities
The tight end will miss six months
Fifth-round pick Luke Wilson could see more time than team expected now
Seattle Seahawks tight end Anthony McCoy suffered a torn Achilles tendon during organized team activities this week and had surgery on Thursday repair the injury, a person informed of the diagnosis told USA TODAY Sports.
The person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the team hasn't confirmed the injury, said McCoy will miss at least six months.
MORE: Three players restructure contracts
Though McCoy isn't the Seahawks' No. 1 tight end, he saw plenty of action in double-tight end sets along with Zach Miller last year. McCoy played in all 18 of the team's games last season, with seven starts. He had 18 receptions for 291 yards and three touchdowns in the regular season. The 2010 sixth-round pick also played in all 16 games in 2011 and was credited with nine starts.
It remains to be seen whether the Seahawks will keep McCoy on the roster via the physically-unable-to-perform list. That would allow McCoy to sit out up to 12 weeks of the regular season while not counting against the final 53-man roster.
The Seahawks drafted Rice tight end Luke Wilson in the fifth round last month, so Wilson will probably see a bigger role than he or the team expected moving forward.
Skilled Migrant Category questions and answers New Zealand Residence Programme
New Zealand Residence Programme questions and answers for the Skilled Migrant Category (SMC).
What is the Skilled Migrant Category and how does it work?
The Skilled Migrant Category is a points-based residence policy, for people who wish to live permanently in New Zealand. A person who wishes to apply for residence under the Skilled Migrant Category must first put in an Expression of Interest (EOI) to Immigration New Zealand, claiming points for factors like their qualifications, work experience and job offer. Immigration New Zealand does a fortnightly draw selecting EOIs based on the points claimed, then invites people with sufficient points to apply.
All applicants must meet some minimum criteria, regarding health, character and English language.
What is changing, when?
Two changes to the Skilled Migrant Category have been announced:
the points threshold for automatic selection has been increased from 140 to 160 from 12 October 2016 (regardless of whether an applicant has a job offer)
the way applicants show evidence that they meet the minimum standard of English language is changing
What is happening with the Skilled Migrant Category points threshold and why?
What was the situation before?
Previously, all EOIs were selected where the person had claimed:
140 points or more
100-139 points, where they claimed points for a New Zealand job offer
What are the changes?
From 12 October 2016 only EOIs with 160 points or more will be selected. This will enable the number of Skilled Migrant Category resident visas granted in 2016/17 to remain within the target range.
Why does this have to change?
New Zealand is currently a popular destination, and therefore there is a very high demand for places under the Skilled Migrant Category. To ensure that this demand is managed effectively, the Government has set the total planning range for the Skilled/Business stream of the NZRP across the 2016/17 and 2017/18 years at 50,500–57,500. If INZ was to continue to select EOIs using the same thresholds as previously, more visas would be granted than the target range allows.
Is the new points threshold of 160 permanent?
No. The automatic selection mark for EOIs may be adjusted as necessary to manage the achievement of the overall New Zealand Residence Programme.
What is happening with evidence of English language and why?
What was the situation before?
The minimum English language requirement for applicants under the Skilled Migrant Category is an International English Language Testing System (IELTS) overall score of 6.5 across the four language domains (reading, writing, listening and speaking).
Prior to the 12 October change, immigration officers could also consider a variety of alternative pieces of evidence of English language ability in place of an IELTS score, including:
a recognised qualification where the medium of instruction was English
one year of skilled employment in New Zealand
other evidence that the applicant is a competent user of English (for example the country in which the applicant resides, the nature of their current or previous employment, whether members of the applicant's family speak English).
In any case, an immigration officer could still require the applicant to provide an IELTS test.
What are the changes about who has to do a test?
People who are invited to apply from 12 October onwards will not be able to use the same alternative evidence of English language in place of a test as previously. The evidence that can be accepted in place of a test will be limited to:
citizenship of Canada, the Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America provided the applicant has spent at least five years in work or education in one or more of those countries or Australia or New Zealand; or
a recognised qualification comparable to a New Zealand level 7 bachelors degree and gained in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America as a result of study undertaken for at least two academic years in one or more of those countries; or
a recognised qualification comparable to a New Zealand qualification at level 8 or above and gained in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America as a result of study undertaken for at least one academic year in one or more of those countries.
People invited to apply before 12 October will not be affected and may still use the alternatives previously in place. They only need to provide what Immigration New Zealand has already requested on the invitation to apply.
What are the changes about what kind of tests Immigration New Zealand will accept?
From 21 November 2016, Immigration New Zealand will accept a wider range of English language tests.
The new tests that INZ will accept are:
Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet Based Test (TOEFL iBT)
Occupational English Test (OET)
Cambridge English: First (FCE) and FCE for Schools
Pearson Test of English: Academic (PTE: Academic)
Why do the requirements have to change?
The new requirements add clarity to the assessment process. Particularly, the new requirements will:
Give applicants more clarity at the start of the process about whether an English language test will be needed.
Ensure greater consistency in the level of English language of those people approved residence under the Skilled Migrant Category, thereby ensuring all new migrants can settle and fully enjoy their new life in New Zealand as residents.
Expand the acceptable English language tests, allowing many more applicants to have their English language assessed more easily. There are a number of English language testing providers other than IELTS, some of which are more commonly used in some parts of the world.
Do the new English language evidence requirements apply to partners and dependent children?
If you have already been invited to apply, the new English language evidence requirements do not apply to you or your partner or children.
If you are invited to apply after 12 October, the new English language evidence requirements will apply to your partner and any dependent children over the age of 16. If you have claimed points for your partner's qualifications or work experience, those points will not be awarded unless your partner meets the new evidence requirements.
If your partner or dependent children do not meet the minimum standard, you will be required to pre-purchase English tuition. The amount of tuition fees you will be required to pay depends on their test results.
Find out more about pre-purchased English tuition
What should I do if I was planning to put an expression of interest in under the Skilled Migrant Category but I can't meet the new points threshold?
If you cannot meet the new points threshold, we would not recommend that you submit an EOI as it is unlikely to be selected. You may wish to look at our other options for residency to find a category that is more suitable for your situation. To find out about other categories for applying for residence in New Zealand, explore residence options on our website.
If you are already working in New Zealand, or you have an offer of work in New Zealand, you can apply for a temporary work visa based on your job. Your employer may need to show they cannot find any New Zealanders to take up the work. To find out about work visa categories, explore work visa options on our website.
Explore residence visa options
Explore work visa options
I put in an expression of interest in which I claimed enough points to be selected under the old threshold, but from 12 October only people with 160 points will be selected. What can I do?
If you think you might be able to claim more points and you submitted your expression of interest online, you can log back into your expression of interest and make changes. If you claim more than 160 points you could be selected as part of the next draw. Remember you will have to show evidence for all the points you have claimed if you are invited to apply.
What if I have already been selected, but I haven't been sent an invitation to apply yet?
If you have already been selected your application will be assessed on the basis of the points threshold for selection on the date that your EOI was selected from the Pool. However, if you have not been invited to apply on or before 11 October, you will need to meet the new requirements for evidence of English language.
What if I've already been invited to apply?
If you've already received a letter inviting you to apply and setting out the documents you need to provide, you just need to follow the instructions on the letter. The new points threshold and new requirements for English language evidence do not apply to you regardless of the date of your application. You must make your application within the timeframe specified in your invitation letter.
What if I've already applied under the Skilled Migrant Category?
If you've already applied, the requirements that were in place on the date you made your application will continue to apply to you. You don't need to meet the new point threshold and the new requirements for English language evidence do not apply to you.
I think I can meet the new points threshold, but I was planning to use my one year of skilled employment in New Zealand as evidence of meeting the English language requirement, so what do the changes to English language mean for me?
If you are invited to apply, you will need to provide an English test if you do not meet any of the other new requirements. If you apply after 21 November, you can use one of the new tests.
What scores will be required on the new English language tests? Where can I find out more information about the tests?
More information scores required for each test are listed below, along with the websites of each testing providers. Remember that if you lodge your application before 21 November 2016 IELTS is the only test INZ can accept.
Test Website Score required for SMC International English Language Testing System (IELTS) www.ielts.org 6.5 Occupational English Test (OET) www.occupationalenglishtest.org B Cambridge English: First (FCE) and FCE for Schools www.cambridgeenglish.org/exams/first/ 176 Pearson Test of English: Academic (PTE: Academic) www.pearsonpte.com 58 Test of English as a Foreign Language Internet Based Test (TOEFL iBT) www.ets.org/toefl/ibt/about 79
How long are the English tests valid for?
English language test results must be no more than 2 years old at the time your application is lodged.
In response to President Donald Trump's executive order banning entry into the United States for citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Shumer said: "This order is against what we believe in America." Of all the executive action taken by Trump in his brief term thus far, this one caused the greatest uproar in the US and internationally. Trump banned the entry of citizens from the seven countries for 90 days, all refugees for 120 days and Syrians indefinitely.
The order led to mass protests and drew scorn from foreign leaders. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the ban "contradicts the basic tenets of international aid to refugees and international cooperation." She added that it puts all Muslims under general suspicion. However, 53 percent of Germans would support a similar ban in their country, the Chatham poll showed.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan expressed his opposition to Trump's planned state visit in Great Britain, saying, "I am quite clear, this ban is cruel, this ban is shameful, while this ban is in place we should not be rolling out the red carpet for President Trump."
But Trump has been praised as much as he has been criticized. In the US, his followers are celebrating. His actions have also been applauded by right-wing populists in Europe like France's Marine Le Pen, Geert Wilders in The Netherlands and Alexander Gauland from Germany's Alternative for Germany (AfD) party. "Trump is doing it right. He is showing us how to do it," Gauland said.
Security or religion?
Trump defended his order by saying that it was "not about religion" but instead, about "terror and keeping our country safe." Is this true? Or is it actually about preventing the immigration of Muslims? A study conducted by the London-based think tank Chatham House concludes that Europeans want to curb Muslim immigration. Before Trump issued his executive order, Chatham House had asked 10,000 people from 10 European countries to evaluate the following statement: "All further immigration from mainly Muslim countries should be stopped." An overall average of 55 percent of respondents agreed with the statement.
While Trump's travel ban has drawn criticism, it also has significant support
The survey was carried out in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Great Britain, Hungary and Poland. Some countries, like France, Belgium and Great Britain, have relatively large Muslim minorities, while others, like Poland or Hungary, have practically none. This difference is not reflected in the opinion of Muslim immigrants. With the exception of Poland, the highest level of agreement to the statement was seen in countries that were at the center of the refugee crisis or were targets of Islamist terrorist attacks. It is also clear that in all of these countries, the right-wing populist parties are strong and in some cases, make up the government. The most pro-Muslim immigrant country was Spain, where 41 percent of the population opposed the survey statement.
Refugee influx and terrorist attacks increase opposition
Chatham House also analyzed socio-demographic data and came to some expected - but also some unexpected - conclusions. Many general claims are confirmed in the survey. Retirees are more likely to be against Muslim immigrants than people under the age of 30. In all 10 countries, 44 percent of survey participants between the ages of 18 and 29 were against an entry ban for Muslims, whereas 63 percent of respondents over 60 were for it. The level of education also played into the results. Of those who had completed secondary school, 59 percent wanted to stop further Muslim immigration compared to 48 percent of respondents who hold degrees. So actually, almost every second person with a higher level of education is for a Muslim entry ban.
Support for a Trump-style ban is highest in European countries directly affected by the refugee crisis
Gender and geographical location have almost no effect on the results. Of the men surveyed, 57 percent were for the entry ban compared to 52 percent of the women. Of those living in large cities, 52 percent were for a ban, while 55 percent of small town residents and 58 percent of the rural interviewees were for the ban.
Number of Muslims clearly overestimated
The results of the Chatham House survey are not unusual. A poll conducted in the summer of 2016 by the Washington-based Pew Research Center came to similar conclusions; however, there was a marked difference between individual countries. Respondents in five countries had a low opinion of Muslims - Hungary, 72 percent; Italy, 69 percent; Greece, 65 percent and Spain, 50 percent. The figures in Great Britain (28 percent) and Germany (29 percent) were much lower. The Pew survey also showed an overall average of 59 percent of those asked fear that the recent influx of refugees will lead to more terrorism. Surveys in the US revealed similar results.
The fear of terrorism may lead to the fact that many Europeans overestimate the percentage of Muslims in their countries. Last autumn, Britain's IpsosMORI Institute asked people in different European countries to estimate the percentage of Muslims in their countries. The French estimated four times more than the actual percentage and the British three times more.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. farmers have overwhelmed state governments with thousands of complaints about crop damage linked to new versions of weed killers, threatening future sales by manufacturers Monsanto Co MON.N and BASF SE (BASFn.DE).
A Monsanto research farm is pictured near Carman, Manitoba. REUTERS/Zachary Prong
Monsanto is banking on weed killers using a chemical known as dicamba - and seeds engineered to resist it - to dominate soybean production in the United States, the world's second-largest exporter.
The United States has faced a weed-killer crisis this year caused by the new formulations of dicamba-based herbicides, which farmers and weed experts say have harmed crops because they evaporate and drift away from where they are applied.
Monsanto and BASF say the herbicides are safe when properly applied. They need to convince regulators after the flood of complaints to state agriculture departments.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) last year approved use of the weed killers on dicamba-resistant crops during the summer growing season. Previously, farmers used dicamba to kill weeds before they planted seeds, and not while the crops were growing.
However, the EPA approved such use only until Nov. 9, 2018, because “extraordinary precautions” are needed to prevent dicamba products from tainting vulnerable crops, a spokesman told Reuters in a statement last week. The agency wanted to be able to step in if there were problems, he said.
Next year, the EPA will determine whether to extend its approval by reviewing damage complaints and consulting with state and industry experts. States are separately considering new restrictions on usage for 2018.
Major soybean-growing states, including Arkansas, Missouri and Illinois, each received roughly four years' worth of complaints about possible pesticide damage to crop this year due to dicamba use, state regulators said.
Now agriculture officials face long backlogs of cases to investigate, which are driving up costs for lab tests and overtime. Several states had to reassign employees to handle the load.
“We don't have the staff to be able to handle 400 investigations in a year plus do all the other required work,” said Paul Bailey, director of the Plant Industries division of the Missouri Department of Agriculture.
In Missouri, farmers filed about 310 complaints over suspected dicamba damage, on top of the roughly 80 complaints about pesticides the state receives in a typical year, he said.
Nationwide, states launched 2,708 investigations into dicamba-related plant injury by Oct. 15, according to data compiled by the University of Missouri.
States investigate such complaints to determine whether applicators followed the rules for using chemicals. Those found to have violated regulations can be fined.
Monsanto has said that U.S. farmers spraying this past summer failed to follow detailed instructions of up to 4,550 words printed on labels.
The companies will change usage instructions in hopes of avoiding a repeat of the past summer's problems.
“With significant adoption and a lot of interest in this new technology, we recognize that many states have received a number of reports of potential off-target application of dicamba in 2017,” Monsanto spokeswoman Charla Lord said last month.
PHOTOGRAPHING DAMAGED SOYBEANS
State investigators try to visit fields within days after farmers report possible damage to take photos before signs of injury, such as cupped leaves on soybean plants hit by dicamba, disappear. They question farmers and the people who applied the herbicide, and often gather samples from plants to test.
In Arkansas, farmers filed about 985 complaints associated with dicamba, the most of any state. Investigators are probing about 1,200 total complaints involving pesticide use, which includes weed killers, said Terry Walker, director of the Arkansas State Plant Board.
Arkansas delayed inspections of animal feed and allowed overtime to handle the dicamba cases, which is not normal practice, Walker said. He was unable to provide a cost estimate for dealing with the complaints.
Among the farmers who reported damage was Reed Storey, who said he wanted to ensure state officials knew dicamba caused damage even when users follow the instructions.
“I'm calling strictly to let y'all know that we have an issue with this product,” Storey, who spoke last month, said he told Arkansas regulators.
Illinois received about 421 total pesticide complaints, the most since at least 1989, said Warren Goetsch, acting chief of the Bureau of Environmental Programs at the Illinois Department of Agriculture. That includes at least 245 complaints associated with dicamba, which could take until next year to finish investigating, he said.
“It's frustrating I think for us that we're as behind as we are,” Goetsch said.
MONSANTO'S BIG BET
Monsanto is betting on dicamba-tolerant soybeans to replace those that withstand glyphosate, an herbicide used for decades but which is becoming less effective as weeds develop resistance. The company aims for its dicamba-resistant seeds to account for half the U.S. soybeans planted by 2019.
Monsanto, which is in the process of being acquired by Bayer AG (BAYGn.DE) for $63.5 billion, said it plans to open a call center to help customers use dicamba next year and is talking with states about the product.
Monsanto's net sales increased $1.1 billion, or 8 percent, in fiscal year 2017 due partly to increased sales of its dicamba-resistant soybean seeds.
The company and BASF already face several lawsuits from farmers alleging damage to plants from dicamba used by neighbors.
ANALYZING PLANT SAMPLES
The EPA provides grants to states that help fund investigations into pesticide damage and this year offered 35 states extra assistance analyzing plant samples for dicamba, according to the agency.
Minnesota and Illinois turned to the EPA for help, with the latter saying the federal agency has better equipment to detect low levels of dicamba.
In Iowa, the state's laboratory bureau received 515 samples to test this year, up 35 percent, as dicamba use helped drive up the total number of pesticide complaints to 270 from a typical range of 70 to 120, according to the state. Each test costs up to $9.
“We are really anxious to flip the page and look ahead to 2018 and try to figure out the things that can be done to improve the situation,” said Mike Naig, deputy secretary of the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship.
Pack the heat and pack your bags. FLIR, the leader in thermal technology, wants to send five lucky makers to the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. It's easy…
Submit a few paragraphs about how you'd utilize FLIR Lepton® and thermal technology in a build…
And be entered for a chance to win a FLIR Mentor, a Lepton Dev Kit, a trip to CES, and more!
YOUR MISSION:
Submit an idea telling FLIR how you'd use the new FLIR Lepton, longwave infrared (LWIR) thermal camera. Explain your concept in a few paragraphs, describing how and why you'd incorporate the use of thermal technology. This competition is open to all makers, builders, teams, and schools, and all it takes is an idea. Think automotive, smart building, IoT and robotics, but ultimately, think thermal. Hesitant because you know nothing about thermal technology? No problem. Brush up on the basics at Lepton.FLIR.com. After the first round of judging, all semi-finalists will receive a Lepton Development Kit and FLIR mentor to help build a prototype and bring your idea to life.
Five semi-finalists will win a trip to Las Vegas for CES 2017 to present their prototype at the FLIR booth for final judging. One grand prize winner will be selected to showcase their product at the WIRED Café @ CES and may be featured in the April issue of WIRED Magazine. Submit your ideas by November 13, 2016 to qualify.
So, what will you do with thermal technology?
I'M IN.
PRIZES:
25 Runner-Up Prizes:
WIRED Subscription (1-year)
Five Semi-Finalists:
FLIR Mentorship for the duration of the build period until CES 2017
FLIR Lepton Development Kit to help build your prototype
Three day, two night trips to CES 2017 in Las Vegas, NV and participation at FLIR's booth for a QA about the maker process and discussion of prototype Flight, Hotel and Meal Stipend Travel accommodations limited to US residents age 18+
CES Convention Floor Pass
FLIR One
WIRED Subscription (1-year)
One Grand Prize Winner:
3D Printer
Opportunity to showcase winning build at the WIRED Café @ CES for one day
Product may be showcased in WIRED Magazine in April 2017
I'M IN.
Contest Timeline:
Idea/Concept submission: (10/25– 11/13)
Judging: (11/14)
Build/Mentorship: 7 weeks (11/15 – 01/05)
Final Judging: CES 2017 (01/05)
Winner to showcase their build at the WIRED Café @ CES 2017 (01/06)
No purchase necessary for entry. Click here to view the full contest rules.
This story was produced by the WIRED Brand Lab for FLIR. WIRED is not a sponsor of this contest.
The Maple Leafs are on a run.
After downing the Panthers in a shootout on Wednesday night, on the road, they have been playing at playoff pace for more than a month now. They're 7-4-4 in their last 15 games, going back to Nov. 23, a 98-point pace over 82 games.
In that stretch, they've given up the second fewest goals in the league (31). They've outshot their opponents by 62 – an average of more than four per game. And they've been a top five possession team, hanging around 54 per cent.
What's interesting about all that is what that's done to the standings in the Eastern Conference. Toronto has been creeping up, slowly, into the conversation.
Here's a look at a projection of all 16 teams to their 82-game totals, to remove any advantage for teams that have played more games:
This is the best position the Leafs have been in the standings so far this season. They're nearly at the halfway...
What was supposed to be a quick stop for a family cookout turned into a lesson in discrimination for a mother who said she was kicked out of a store for wearing a Niqab, NBC 5's Ash-har Quraishi reports. (Published Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2016)
What was supposed to be a quick stop for a family cookout quickly turned into a harsh lesson in discrimination for a mother of four who said she was kicked out of a Family Dollar store for wearing a niqab.
The incident, which was captured on cell phone video and took place in front of Sarah Muzdaher Safi's children, began when Safi stopped inside a Family Dollar store in Gary, Indiana, Monday afternoon wearing the traditional Islamic veil.
Safi said she had gone to the store to pick up charcoal and was shocked when an employee demanded she either take off the niqab or leave.
In the video, an employee, who identified herself as a store manager, can be heard saying, "Yes ma'am, if you can't remove that from your face, I'm going to need you to leave the store."
S. Carolina Pediatrician Stops Taking Unvaccinated Patients
A South Carolina pediatrics office is turning away unvaccinated patients, citing the health and safety of other immunocompromised children who are in danger of catching contagious diseases in the waiting room. Parents say their choices for their unvaccinated children are shrinking. (Published Tuesday, Feb. 26, 2019)
"I've worn my garments for a long time," Safi said. "I have never been treated like this in any establishment. Ever."
In the video, Safi tells the clerk she is wearing a religious garment.
“I understand, but you have to understand this is a high crime area where we get robbed a lot, you need to remove that from your face or remove yourself from the store,” the employee said.
The clerk told Safi to leave two more times before wishing her a “blessed day.”
"It's not just a blatant violation of the civil rights laws of this country but it's also a violation of the basic laws of decency and morality that you don't treat customers this way just because they have a different cultural background or a different religion,” said Ahmed Rehab with the Council on American Islamic Relations.
Family Dollar, which is owned by Dollar Express, did not respond to NBC Chicago's request for comment.
R. Kelly Facing 10 Counts of Criminal Sexual Abuse
R. Kelly has been charged with 10 counts of criminal sexual abuse in Cook County, Illinois. (Published Friday, Feb. 22, 2019)
Safi claims she contacted the chain about the incident and was told they were looking into it.
Safi said she won't be going back to the store, but has a message for the woman in the video.
“I just want to understand….like I wish people would do of me. Just try to understand. I want to explain to her what I believe,” she said.
The Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN) reported the discovery of a building that “might have been the house of Elisha the prophet” at Tel Rehov in Israel. The sixteen-year-long excavations at Tel Rehov, directed by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem archaeologist Amihai Mazar, investigate the largest Canaanite and Israelite site in the Beth-Shean Valley, located in one of the largest tells in the nation. The team was able to reconstruct the name Elisha in a red ink inscription on a broken piece of pottery. According to the Bible, the prophet Elisha grew up in nearby Avel Mehola and would have prophesied in the second half of the ninth century B.C., the era of the stratum in which the sherd was found.
Our free eBookbrings together the exciting worlds of archaeology and the Bible! Learn the fascinating insights gained from artifacts and ruins, like the Pool of Siloam in Jerusalem, where the Gospel of John says Jesus miraculously restored the sight of the blind man, and the Tel Dan inscription—the first historical evidence of King David outside the Bible.
During the 2013 field season, the team investigated a unique two-wing house with clay figurines and incense altars, an artifact type well-known from earlier investigations at Tel Rehov.* In addition to finds at the house, references to the family of Nimshi have been uncovered at and near Tel Rehov. In the Bible, Elisha sends a disciple to anoint Jehu, a member of the family of Nimshi, as the king of Israel.
The CBN report associates a particular room in the house—where archaeologists uncovered the sherd naming Elisha, a table and bench—with that of the Biblical prophet Elisha. 2 Kings 4:8-9 includes the narrative:
One day Elisha was passing through Shunem, where a wealthy woman lived,** who urged him to have a meal. So whenever he passed that way, he would stop there for a meal. She said to her husband, ‘Look, I am sure that this man who regularly passes our way is a holy man of God. Let us make a small roof chamber with walls, and put there for him a bed, a table, a chair, and a lamp, so that he can stay there whenever he comes to us.'
Amihai Mazar told CBN, “I cannot say for sure this particular Elisha that we found is the Biblical Elisha. You know it's very difficult to say, but it is very tempting because it is exactly the period when Elisha acted – the second half of the ninth century B.C.” In the CBN article, archaeologist Stephen Pfann notes that Elisha was not a common name in ancient Israel, supporting his conviction that the Elisha named on the pottery fragment is the prophet Elisha.
While there are reasons to connect Tel Rehov with the prophet Elisha, the evidence is far from conclusive. On the BiblePlaces blog, Biblical studies professor Todd Bolen lists six important considerations related to the Tel Rehov discoveries, including the incomplete/reconstructed nature of the inscription, the association of commonplace finds with a specific Biblical character and the dissociation between Biblical prophets and incense altars, which have been found in the house in question and across the site of Tel Rehov.
Click here to read the CBN news report.
Click here to read Todd Bolen's commentary on the report on the BiblePlaces blog.
Notes
* See Mazar, Amihai, Panitz-Cohen, Nava. “To What God?: Altars and a House Shrine from Tel Rehov Puzzle Archaeologists.” Biblical Archaeology Review, Jul/Aug 2008, 40-47, 76.
** See Long, Burke O. “The Shunammite Woman.” Bible Review, Feb 1991, 12-19, 42.
More from Amihai Mazar in the BAS Library
Was King Saul Impaled on the Wall of Beth Shean?
BAR 38:02, Mar/Apr 2012
By Amihai Mazar
To What God?
BAR 34:04, Jul/Aug 2008
By Amihai Mazar and Nava Panitz-Cohen
Does Amihai Mazar Agree with Finkelstein's “Low Chronology”?
BAR 29:02, Mar/Apr 2003
By Amihai Mazar
Will Tel Rehov Save the United Monarchy?
BAR 26:02, Mar/Apr 2000
By John Camp and Amihai Mazar
Excavating in Samson Country—Philistines and Israelites at Tel Batash
BAR 15:01, Jan/Feb 1989
By George L. Kelm and Amihai Mazar
The Mysterious Pot from Tel Batash
BAR 15:01, Jan/Feb 1989
By George L. Kelm and Amihai Mazar
Molds of Figurines Cast New Light on Art in Philistia
BAR 15:01, Jan/Feb 1989
By George L. Kelm and Amihai Mazar
On Cult Places and Early Israelites: A Response to Michael Coogan
BAR 14:04, Jul/Aug 1988
By Amihai Mazar
Bronze Bull Found in Israelite “High Place” from the Time of the Judges
BAR 9:05, Sep/Oct 1983
By Amihai Mazar
Not a library member yet? Sign up today.
Permalink: https://www.biblicalarchaeology.org/daily/biblical-sites-places/biblical-archaeology-sites/tel-rehov-house-associated-with-the-biblical-prophet-elisha/
CAIRO (Reuters) - A woman protester was shot dead in central Cairo on Saturday, security sources said, one day before the anniversary of the popular uprising that ousted autocrat Hosni Mubarak in 2011.
Although a security crackdown since 2013 when the army toppled Islamist president Mohamed Mursi has virtually ended street demonstrations, several took place this week in Cairo and Egypt's second city Alexandria.
The security sources said the protester was shot with birdshot near Tahrir Square, the symbolic heart of the 2011 revolt that ended 30 years of iron-fisted rule under Mubarak.
Photographs on Twitter showed members of Egypt's security forces with black masks standing in the area where the woman, liberal activist Shaimaa Sabbagh, was shot.
The Socialist Popular Alliance said on its Facebook page that party member Sabbagh was killed by security forces. A witness said protesters were carrying flowers to Tahrir Square when the shooting occurred.
Prime Minister Ibrahim Mehleb said in a statement an impartial investigation would find whoever killed Sabbagh, the state news agency reported.
In a scheduled televised address on Saturday evening, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi praised the desire for change that had sent Egyptians into the street four years ago, but said it would take patience to achieve all of “the revolution's goals”.
He did not mention the shooting.
While former army chief Sisi has taken steps to improve Egypt's economy, human rights groups accuse him of restoring authoritarian rule to the most populous Arab state.
Opponents say new laws, including one restricting protests, have rolled back freedoms won in the uprising. Islamists and liberal activists, including many who supported Mursi's removal, have been jailed.
The government says it is committed to democracy.
An Egyptian court ordered the release of Mubarak's sons Alaa and Gamal on Thursday pending a retrial in a corruption case.
In November, a court dropped charges against Mubarak of conspiring to kill protesters in the uprising, raising fears among activists that the old guard was making a comeback.
There is a weblog called “Skeptical Science – Getting Skeptical About Global Warming Skepticism” that has a misleading post on ocean heat content titled
Ocean cooling: skeptic arguments drowned by data
The post starts with
In 2008, climate change sceptic Roger Pielke Sr said this: “Global warming, as diagnosed by upper ocean heat content has not been occurring since 2004”. It is a fine example of denialist spin, making several extraordinary leaps: •that one symptom is indicative of the state of an entire malaise (e.g. not being short of breath one day means your lung cancer is cured).
•that one can claim significance about a four year period when it's too short to draw any kind of conclusion
•that global warming has not been occurring on the basis of ocean temperatures alone So much for the hype. What does the science say about the temperature of the oceans – which, after all, constitute about 70% of the Earth's surface? The oceans store approximately 80% of all the energy in the Earth's climate, so ocean temperatures are a key indicator for global warming. No straight lines Claims that the ocean has been cooling are correct. Claims that global warming has stopped are not. It is an illogical position: the climate is subject to a lot of natural variability, so the premise that changes should be ‘monotonic' – temperatures rising in straight lines – ignores the fact that nature doesn't work like that. This is why scientists normally discuss trends – 30 years or more – so that short term fluctuations can be seen as part of a greater pattern. (Other well-known cyclic phenomena like El Nino and La Nina play a part in these complex interactions).
The post starts by mislabeling me as a “climate change sceptic” and a “denialist”. Not only is this completely incorrect (as can be easily confirmed by reading our article
Pielke Sr., R., K. Beven, G. Brasseur, J. Calvert, M. Chahine, R. Dickerson, D. Entekhabi, E. Foufoula-Georgiou, H. Gupta, V. Gupta, W. Krajewski, E. Philip Krider, W. K.M. Lau, J. McDonnell, W. Rossow, J. Schaake, J. Smith, S. Sorooshian, and E. Wood, 2009: Climate change: The need to consider human forcings besides greenhouse gases. Eos, Vol. 90, No. 45, 10 November 2009, 413. Copyright (2009) American Geophysical Union),
but it sets the tone of their post as an ad hominem attack, rather than a discussion of the issue.
The author of this post documents in the figures that they present, that upper ocean heat, in terms of its annual average, did not accumulate during the period ~2004 through 2009. This means that global warming halted on this time period. There is no other way to spin this data.
The claim in the post (apparently written by Graham Wayne) Does ocean cooling prove global warming has ended? that
“The most recent ocean measurements show consistent warming”
is false (unless the author of this post has new data since 2009 which may show warming). The recent lack of warming (the data do not support a cooling, despite what the Skeptical Science weblog reports) does not prove or disprove whether global warming over a longer term has ended.
However, the ocean heat content provides the most appropriate metric to diagnosis global warming in recent (since ~2004 when the Argo network became sufficiently dense) and upcoming years, as recommended, of example, in
Pielke Sr., R.A., 2008: A broader view of the role of humans in the climate system. Physics Today, 61, Vol. 11, 54-55.
The author of the post on Skeptical Science continues to present misinformation in their Intermediate level post where it is stated
“Early estimates of ocean heat from the Argo showed a cooling bias due to pressure sensor issues. Recent estimates of ocean heat that take this bias into account show continued warming of the upper ocean. This is confirmed by independent estimates of ocean heat as well as more comprehensive measurements of ocean heat down to 2000 metres deep.”
This is an erroneous statement. There was not continued warming for the time period 2004 to 2009, as confirmed by Josh Willis in
Pielke Sr., R.A., 2008: A broader view of the role of humans in the climate system. Physics Today, 61, Vol. 11, 54-55.
Recently, Josh Willis reported that an updated analysis will be available this Fall.
What the Skeptical Science fails to recognize is that with respect to the diagnosis of global warming using Joules of heat accumulation in the oceans, snapshots of heat content at different times are all that is needed. There is no time lag in heating or cooling. The Joules are either there or they are not. The assessment of a long-term linear trend is not needed.
For example, if the ocean lost its heat in one or two years (such as from a major volcanic eruption), the global warming “clock” would be reset. The Skeptical Science statements that
“Claims that the ocean has been cooling are correct. Claims that global warming has stopped are not.”
illustrates their lack of understanding of the physics. If ocean cooling does occur, it DOES mean global warming as stopped during that time period.
What would be useful is for the weblog Skeptical Science authors to discuss the value of using (and issues with using) the accumulation of Joules in the climate system as the primary metric to monitor global warming.
Residents in Ottawa–Vanier have elected a woman to represent them for the first time in the federal riding's history, as Liberal Mona Fortier was the clear winner in Monday's byelection.
​With all 255 polling stations reporting as of 1:05 a.m. Tuesday, Fortier had 15,190 votes, or 51.2 per cent of the popular vote.
Her next closest competitor was NDP candidate Emilie Taman, with 8,523 votes, or 28.7 per cent of the vote. Conservative Party candidate Adrian Papara was third with 4,578 votes, or 15.4 per cent.
Elections Canada estimated voter turnout at 34.1 per cent of registered voters.
The results are not yet official.
Mona Fortier says affordable housing, pension worries and bringing more jobs to Ottawa–Vanier are among the top concerns of residents. (CBC)
'We can't take it for granted'
Fortier told CBC Radio's Ottawa Morning Tuesday the Liberals can't take their domination of the riding for granted.
Asked about the slightly narrower margin of victory compared to the general election, Fortier said it's difficult to compare.
"Comparing to a general election is very hard. ... I think that I'm very proud of getting over 50 per cent of the vote. I think that people did come out, but for a byelection it's kind of normal to see that not as many go out to vote," she said.
On the campaign, Fortier said pensions, affordable housing and jobs were among her constituents' top concerns. Ongoing Phoenix pay system problems for federal public servants didn't come up very often while knocking on doors, she said.
"No, actually, not that much. But I did get some calls and I think that we're really working hard to get this issue resolved. I can't believe how hard it must be for the public servants that are touched by Phoenix, that they have families, and we have to really get this fixed," Fortier said.
Mona Fortier and Catherine Bélanger, Mauril Bélanger's widow, hug after Fortier won the Ottawa–Vanier byelection. (Radio-Canada)
Favours official bilingualism for Ottawa
She also said she's in favour of Ottawa becoming officially bilingual, something Mayor Jim Watson isn't supporting.
"Our city has much more added value with the Francophonie.... Ottawa being officially bilingual can bring much more to our city," she said.
"I'm hoping I'll encourage [Watson] and work with him and municipal councillors.... We have to push the fact that our diversity is really our strength and that's what I'll be working very hard to demonstrate."
Fortier succeeds Mauril Bélanger
The Ottawa–Vanier seat has been empty since the death in August of longtime MP Mauril Bélanger, who had represented the riding since 1995.
Fortier is a businesswoman and Liberal party organizer who worked with Bélanger on eight campaigns.
"Our dear friend Mauril Bélanger was not only a steward of Ottawa–Vanier but also a fighter for what is right," Fortier told the crowd after winning the race Monday night. "It pains me to be standing here instead of him."
Liberal candidate Mona Fortier will be taking the seat of longtime Ottawa-Vanier representative Mauril Belanger. She spoke about it with mixed emotions. 0:23 Belanger's widow Catherine, however, said Monday night that her husband would be pleased Fortier was taking his place.
"This is a diverse riding and I have real hopes she will be looking after the people as much as my husband did," said Catherine Bélanger.
Fortier was expected to win, as Liberals have held the seat since it was created in 1935.
Strong showing for Taman
But Taman had a strong showing for the NDP, improving on her 2015 election contest against Bélanger.
New Democratic Party candidate Emilie Taman had close to 30 per cent of the vote, a strong showing for her party in the riding. (Simon Gardner/CBC) In that vote Bélanger won with 57 per cent of the vote, with Taman and then-Conservative candidate David Piccini each garnering about 19 per cent of the vote.
Taman said she was pleased with the result and that she was proud of her campaign.
"I think its one of the best showings we've ever had in the riding and I think we sent a clear message to the government, win or lose, that there is dissatisfaction with the government," said Taman.
Fortier congratulated Taman on her campaign, and said as two women running in a riding that had never elected one before, they were running alongside each other, not against each other.
"When you elect more women to Parliament, we push each other to be better, not divisive," said Fortier.
Ottawa–Vanier is one of five federal ridings that held byelections Monday.
It's is a large and diverse riding that includes the neighbourhoods of the ByWard Market, Sandy Hill, New Edinburgh, Rockcliffe Park, Vanier, Overbrook and Gloucester.
It has a population of 111,508, according to the 2016 census.
World and city leaders flipped the switch to turn major buildings green in support of the Paris climate agreement and climate change goals on Thursday night as part of the backlash against President Trump's announcement that he would remove the United States from the pact.
Trump's decision to pull the United States from the Paris deal was met with worldwide criticism. The leaders of France, Germany and Italy said the deal was “irreversible and we firmly believe that the Paris agreement cannot be renegotiated.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Buildings in major world cities such Paris, Mexico City, Washington, D.C., and New York City lit their facades in green to show support for the agreement. The mayor of New York City, Bill de Blasio (D), tweeted that City Hall turned green on Thursday "because New York City will honor the goals of the Paris Agreement."
#CDMX #mexico #acuerdodeparis A post shared by Aidee Rivera (@aideecondoblee) on Jun 1, 2017 at 7:48pm PDT
City Hall shines green tonight because New York City will honor the goals of the #ParisAgreement. pic.twitter.com/BV0IIZYPpA — Bill de Blasio (@NYCMayor) June 2, 2017
Exiting the #ParisAgreement may make us see red & feel blue, but the Wilson Building's lit up green tonight to prove the fight endures pic.twitter.com/gRUMDtbXlq — Council of DC (@councilofdc) June 2, 2017
Montreal salutes your leadership. You have our full support.Cities will make sure to reach goals #ParisAccord. No Plan B for planet pic.twitter.com/WfrpB3ILjD — DenisCoderre (@DenisCoderre) June 2, 2017
The governors of California, Washington and New York announced Thursday that they're committed to upholding the goals of the Paris accord and will launch the “U.S. Climate Alliance” in an effort to uphold the United States' original commitment.
Hi guys,
In this blogpost I'll show you how to make the raspberry pi scan bar codes. So without any delay lets begin .
Parts you will need
Raspberry pi (running raspbian OS)
camera module
Internet connection to the pi
Hoping you have all the parts. Let us first start by connecting the camera module
Connecting The Camera module
It is pretty straight forward to connecting the camera module to the pi. Here are the steps.
Lift up the camera connectors lock
Insert the camera module ribbon cable inside
Push down the lock
Enabling the camera on the pi
Boot up the pi
Open up terminal software
In terminal type the following command sudo raspi-config
A settings dialog box will pop up with a set of options to modify various settings for the pi
Go to the Camera setting option and enable the camera
Reboot by typing sudo reboot to make the camera work
Testing the Camera module
If you are using the camera for the first time and want to test it check out the following links
https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/usage/camera/raspicam/raspistill.md for testing in the terminal
https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/usage/camera/python/README.md for testing in python
SimpleCV
SimpleCV is an image processing library. It is an open source software that runs on all the major platforms and it is quite a powerful piece of image processing software. for more info regarding SimpleCV visit http://simplecv.org/ . I shall cover more of the features of SimpleCV in the upcoming projects. But first we need to install SimpleCV on the Pi
Installing SimpleCV on Raspberry pi
Open up the terminal software
Type the following command
sudo apt-get install ipython python-opencv python-scipy python-numpy python-setuptools python-pip
these were the dependencies or prerequisites for the SimpleCV library
Now to download SimpleCV type
sudo pip install https://github.com/sightmachine/SimpleCV/zipball/master
It will take some time for the software to download
After it is done downloading open up python and type import SimpleCV
If you get no errors then you have successfully installed SimpleCV
Getting the raspberry pi camera recognised by SimpleCV software
The raspberry pi camera is not recognised by the SimpleCv module. This was the most difficult problem that i encountered. Luckily I found help online in the form of this post by Xfirm that will install a uv4l driver for the camera. Many thanks!!. just go through that link and get the camera working in SimpleCV.
Zbar
Zbar is the module that will process the barcodes. There is another library you can use called the ZXing library. It can also process barcodes but currently I'm using the Zbar one.
Installing the Zbar library
Open up the lx terminal software in raspbian OS
First type sudo apt-get update (if not updated recently)
After type the following command sudo apt-get install python-zbar
Open up python and type import zbar, you should get no errors
The final part
You will need this following program
from SimpleCV import Color,Camera,Display cam = Camera() #starts the camera display = Display() while(display.isNotDone()): img = cam.getImage() #gets image from the camera barcode = img.findBarcode() #finds barcode data from image if(barcode is not None): #if there is some data processed barcode = barcode[0] result = str(barcode.data) print result #prints result of barcode in python shell barcode = [] #reset barcode data to empty set img.save(display) #shows the image on the screen
Run the program and wait for a few seconds for the program to run i.e. led on the camera to light up
Now direct the camera towards the Barcode/QR code you want to scan wait for few seconds and youll get the barcode data printed in the python shell
The uv4l driver has a resolution of 640X480. therefore the barcodes need to be of a higher resolution to get them scanned properly. If any of you guys have figured out how to incease resolution of the uv4l driver please let me know in the comments down below.
Also like and share this post so that it reaches out to more people. See you guys next time.
Bengaluru house owners
U.S. equities mostly finished lower on Thursday while the Dow inched up to a new all-time high above the 22,000 thresholds. For the average investor, all the focus will be on the Dow's seventh consecutive gain, the quiet lack of volatility and the spirit of bullishness that currently pervades the market.
But below the surface good cheer, a number of signs should give investors pause. Most notably, perhaps, the Nasdaq is flashing another "Hindenburg Omen," when the number of stocks hitting new lows matches those reaching highs (imagine the majestic blimp ascending above the admiring crowd even as the flames start to lick its undercarriage).
This is the latest in a cluster of signals warning that the market's breadth -- the number of stocks that are rising versus companies that are falling -- is fading as buying interest narrows: The Dow Jones Industrial Average has suffered eight Omens over the past 30 days -- that hasn't happened since 2000, when the dot-com bubble was topping.
Amid such warning signs, a lot of media attention is being lavished on major big-cap tech stocks like Apple (AAPL) and Tesla (TSLA). Meanwhile, deterioration of other blue chips, such as General Electric (GE) and IBM (IBM), are mostly ignored. That points to trouble.
The consistency of the Dow's gains itself are a point of worry indicative of overheated sentiment, and possibly a price bubble. Jason Goepfert at SentimenTrader notes that the Dow posted its eighth consecutive gain on Thursday. That's the fourth time over the past 200 days that the blue-chip index has climbed seven days or more to hit a new high.
Such a remarkable run of consistent rallies to new highs is unprecedented in market history. The last time we saw a similar pattern was at the end of July 1987 just months before the infamous October market crash. Before that, the September 1964 surge that gave way to a 20-year malaise in stocks.
Goepfert concedes that it's unclear whether current-day market trends will necessarily lead to trouble, since the rising popularity of ETFs and passive investing strategies could presage ongoing "streaky" trading. Less debatable, in his view, is the observation that "we're seeing a kind of comfort with rising prices that we haven't really seen before."
It's a tale of two markets right now, as the Dow soars while the Russell 2000 small-cap index moves below its 50-day moving average for the first time since late May. The Dow Jones Transportation Average is in even worse shape, testing its 200-day moving average and risking a breakdown from its nine-month consolidation range.
Something is "off" right now. Large-caps are massively overbought and relying on the gains of a handful of stocks (Boeing, Apple, and McDonald's, according to UBS. Divergences are multiplying. Breadth is narrowing. Sentiment and investor positioning is white hot. And yet the S&P 500 has barely budged over the last 11 sessions, with a range of just 0.3 percent representing the quietest trading conditions in the 90-year history of Bloomberg's index data.
Wall St. is full of smiles but is Main St. following?
Goepfert notes that the only other time the S&P 500 traded in such a narrow range -- while also hitting a new high -- was in November 1961. Stocks climbed for a couple more weeks before giving way to a 28 percent selloff in the six months that followed.
All of this is the set up heading into Friday's non-farm payroll report. Watch for a volatility breakout -- we're long overdue.
As usual in markets, there's no consensus on where we go from here. For instance, Capital Economics believes stocks can maintain their momentum until 2019, when the Federal Reserve's interest-rate hikes finally begin to bite. Wells Fargo strategists believe there is still upside given that many investors have been reluctant to chase the market's surge.
My advice: Considering lightening equity exposure here. How much better can things get?
Americans are split down the middle on allowing abortions to be covered in any health care plan receiving federal subsidies, according to a new Angus Reid Public Opinion national survey.
The poll found that 44 percent of Americans support banning abortion coverage through insurance plans subsidized by the government: 42 percent disagree, and 14 percent told Reid they are not sure.
The poll of American adults surveyed wider attitudes on abortion, and yielded results not likely to please those at the far poles of opinion.
The Democratic Party has taken strong positions in favor of abortion rights. Such groups as NARAL Pro-Choice America, Planned Parenthood, and Emily's List influence party policy.
Since 1976, Republicans have adopted strong anti-abortion planks in their party's national platforms. Nonetheless, three GOP presidents have made no overt move to overturn the Supreme Court's 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that legalized abortion.
Yet, the poll found split opinions in both parties.
Forty-three percent of Democrats surveyed would ban abortion coverage in health
insurance plans receiving federal subsidies. The comparable figures for Republicans are 55 percent, and 41 percent for independents.
In fact, Democrats are evenly split on the issue, with 42 percent saying they would include abortion coverage in health plans.
The poll found a 74 percent majority of Americans – including 72 percent of women, and 69 percent of Democrats – believe women under 18 should receive consent from parents or legal guardians in order to have an abortion.
Feelings on abortion are intense among pro-choice and pro-life advocates. But the Angus Reid poll found weariness over the issue among the public at large.
Forty-nine percent of those surveyed agreed with the statement: “There is no point in reopening a debate about abortion in the U.S. right now.”
A smaller 35 percent opted for the opinion: “A debate about abortion is long overdue in the U.S., and the discussion should be reopened.”
On the question of personal feeling about abortion, opinion broke down five ways:
19 percent said abortion should be permitted in all cases, an opinion held by 24 percent of women and 26 percent of Democrats. Just 9 percent of Republicans were pro-choice without conditions.
9 percent agreed to the proposition, “Abortion should be permitted but subject to greater restrictions than now.”
30 percent, the highest figure, said abortion should be permitted only in cases of rape, incest or to save the woman's life. The figure included 28 percent of women and 27 percent of Democrats.
13 percent agreed that “Abortion should only be permitted to save the woman's life,” with the highest support (22 percent) among Republicans.
17 percent said “Abortion should be permitted, but with the same restrictions that are currently in place.” About 13 percent of those surveyed were unsure.
The Reid survey put the question somewhat differently in another question. It asked: “Do you think abortion should be legal under any circumstances, legal only under certain circumstances, or illegal under all circumstances.
Twenty-seven percent opted for any circumstances, the highest figures being 31 percent among women and 32 percent among Democrats.
Firty-nine percent agreed that abortion should be legal “only under certain circumstances,” including 53 percent of Republicans — but also 48 percent of Democrats and 46 percent of independents polled.
Just 14 percent felt abortion should be illegal in all circumstances, including 11 percent of Democrats, 23 percent of Republicans and 10 percent of independents.
The poll was conducted from January 8 to 10 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percent.
My social media timeline has been inundated with reports that iTunes is now illegal in the UK. The origin of the story is an article in TorrentFreak, where the author contacted the UK IP Office to ask about a recent High Court decision that repealed legislation making it legal to format shift purchased media (you can read my reports on the court case here and here).
I have to start by saying that I am a fan of TorrentFreak, I have lost count of the times that they have broken important stories, and they remain an excellent source in the front lines of the copyright wars. However, this time I think that they have taken their interpretation a step too far in order to get a very quotable and clickable headline. While a large part of the report is accurate, I have to completely disagree with the assessment that iTunes itself is illegal. As with many things in life, context is very important.
Private copying was not allowed by UK copyright law until June last year, when the government passed a new regulation allowing the creation of copies for private and non-commercial use. Private copying covers all forms of format shifting, this meant that ripping CDs or creating a digital version of old tapes or vinyl records was not allowed under copyright law until then. The music industry sued the government to have the regulations declared illegal, and a judge in the High Court of Justice agreed with the claimants. While we are awaiting the final declaration, the government decided not to contest the initial decisions, so for all practical purposes private copying is illegal again.
So, if this is the case, is iTunes illegal in the UK? I strongly believe that this is not the case for various reasons. While it is true that many computer programmes have in-built functions that allow them to make private digital copies of physical media, that does not make them illegal per se. The legal principle in this respect was established in CBS Songs v Amstrad. In that 1988 case, the music industry sued the manufacturers of a tape recording equipment for authorisation of copyright infringement. Their argument was that because Amstrad's devices allowed users to record music illegally, then they were authorising such copyright infringement, and would therefore be liable. The defendants pointed out that the device was capable of a variety of non-infrigning uses (an argument that had been also made in the famous US case of Sony v Universal). The House of Lords agreed. Lord Templeman stated:
“My Lords, twin-tape recorders, fast or slow, and single-tape recorders, in addition to their recording and playing functions, are capable of copying on to blank tape, directly or indirectly, records which are broadcast, records on discs and records on tape. Blank tapes are capable of being employed for recording or copying. Copying may be lawful or unlawful. Every tape recorder confers on the operator who acquires a blank tape the facility of copying; the double-speed twin-tape recorder provides a modern and efficient facility for continuous playing and continuous recording and for copying. No manufacturer and no machine confer on the purchaser authority to copy unlawfully. The purchaser or other operator of the recorder determines whether he shall copy and what he shall copy. By selling the recorder Amstrad may facilitate copying in breach of copyright but do not authorise it.”
A device may allow infringement, but it does not authorise it in the legal sense. Furthermore, to be liable for secondary infringement, the device must be “specifically designed or adapted for making copies” of a work (s.24 CDPA). iTunes is mostly a media player, and while it has a ripping function, it has considerable non-infrigning uses. Moreover, every media player in the market, and every operating system, has a function that makes it possible to make private copies of works. Even most LP turntables nowadays come with USB connectors.
Finally, there is a common sense argument to be had against TorrentFreak's interpretation. iTunes was released in 2001, and private copying was illegal until 2014, not a single music producer dared to sue Apple for authorising copyright infringement in that time. Windows has allowed users to copy CDs for longer than that, and we have every media player in the market which makes it possible as well. None has been declared illegal, and not a single user has been taken to court for ripping a CD.
The reason why the music industry decided to attack the new private copying regulations is not to go after Apple or Microsoft. In my opinion, they want the government to pass a new private copying regulation that includes a small financial compensation in the sale of every device capable of making private copies, a system which already exists in continental Europe.
I understand the frustration that the BASCA case has brought, but we gain nothing from scaring people using outrageous headlines. Let us lobby for more rational copyright laws with facts on our side.
Flickr/Darya Pino The modern day orange carrot wasn't cultivated until Dutch growers in the late 16th century took mutant strains of the purple carrot and gradually developed them into the sweet, plump, orange variety we have today.
Before this, pretty much all carrots were purple with mutated versions occasionally popping up including yellow and white carrots.
These were rarely cultivated and lacked the purple pigment anthocyanin.
It is thought that the modern day orange carrot was developed by crossing the mutated yellow and white rooted carrots as well as varieties of wild carrots, which are quite distinct from cultivated varieties.
Some think that the reason the orange carrot became so popular in the Netherlands was in tribute to the emblem of the House of Orange and the struggle for Dutch independence. This could be, but it also might just be that the orange carrots that the Dutch developed were sweeter tasting and more fleshy than their purple counterparts, thus providing more food per plant and being better tasting.
Bonus Facts:
Muhammed Ahmed Faris (Arabic: محمد أحمد فارس‎ Muḥammad ʾAḥmad Fāris; born 26 May 1951) is a Syrian military aviator. He was the first Syrian and the second Arab in space.
Born in Aleppo, Syria, he was a pilot in the Syrian Air Force with the rank of a colonel. He specialized in navigation when he was selected to participate in the Intercosmos spaceflight program on 30 September 1985.
He flew as Research Cosmonaut in the Interkosmos program on Soyuz TM-3 to the Mir space station in July 1987, spending 7 days 23 hours and 5 minutes in space. He returned to Earth aboard Soyuz TM-2.
Faris was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union on 30 July 1987. He was also awarded the Order of Lenin.[2]
After his spaceflight, he returned to the Syrian Air Force and lived in Aleppo. He is married and has three children.
On 4 August 2012, during the Syrian civil war, he defected from Assad's government and joined the armed opposition.[3][4]
On 13 September 2012, made an exclusive interview with Al Aan TV and covered many topics regarding the Syrian civil war.[5]
He is also part of the Syrian National Coordination Committee for Democratic Change, an anti-Assad grouping.[6]
In a March 2016 interview as a Syrian refugee in Turkey, Faris stated regarding the ongoing Syrian Civil War "I tell Europe if you don't want refugees, then you should help us get rid of this regime," adding "I am very sorry about the Russian interference, which has stood on the side of dictator Bashar Assad, and has begun to kill the Syrian people with their planes".[7]
In September 2017, Faris was appointed Defense Minister of the Syrian Interim Government, a self-appointed opposition grouping.[8]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
(CNN) In a first for the conservative religious kingdom, Saudi Arabia has declared that women will finally be able to drive, the culmination of years of activism and appeals both from within and outside the Gulf nation.
The royal decree, announced live on state television Tuesday, will come into effect in June next year. A newly-formed committee will present its findings within 30 days on how the policy should be implemented.
JUST WATCHED 'Daring to Drive' as a woman in Saudi Arabia Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Daring to Drive' as a woman in Saudi Arabia 07:39
Saudi Arabia, which adheres to some of the strictest interpretations of Sunni Islam in the world, has long prevented women from taking on a larger role in its society.
The 2016 Global Gender Gap Report by the World Economic Forum ranked the kingdom 141 out of 144 countries on gender parity . Trailing behind Saudi Arabia were Syria, Pakistan and Yemen.
CLOSE Brenda Jones finally made it to the top of the transplant list. But when 26-year-old Abigail was in desperate need, Brenda made an incredible sacrifice.
Brenda Jones, left, gave up her spot on the transplant list to Abigail Flores, right. (Photo11: WFAA-TV, Dallas-Fort Worth)
DALLAS — A North Texas woman was faced with a seemingly impossible decision: receive a liver transplant or give up her spot to a young woman that would likely die on the waiting list.
Sixty-nine-year-old Brenda Jones, of Dallas, made the decision to stay on the organ donation list just a little bit longer.
Jones is a great grandmother who spent a year waiting on a transplant because her liver was failing. She knew her life would continue because someone else's ended.
“You kind of put that out of your mind that someone else is going so that you can have a second chance,” Jones said.
That day came. On July 18 of this year, Jones got the call she was waiting for and was rushed to Dallas' Baylor University Medical Center.
Inside the hospital, 23-year-old Abigail Flores, a stranger to Jones, was fighting for her life. Flores was flown to Baylor by helicopter from a small town in East Texas.
Flores' liver was failing her as well. Doctors say that without a transplant she would live at best another day.
Surgeons knew that Flores would move up on the transplant waiting list, but also knew by that time, it would be too late.
“The judgment behind it seemed very clear, but it still felt unorthodox nonetheless,” said Dr. Greg McKenna, a transplant surgeon at Baylor Hospital.
McKenna and his team realized that Jones' organ was a perfect match to Flores. All they needed was her to agree to stay on the waitlist a little bit longer.
“In my heart, I wouldn't have been able to live with the liver if I had let this little girl die," Jones said. "And I still had more time ... I would have been a very selfish person."
Jones got that second chance at life. She reached the top of the waitlist and received an organ just days later
“I think she saved my life," Flores said. "If it wasn't for her, I wouldn't be sitting right here right now. I thank God for her each and every day."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bfImXd
While the future appears to remain shaky for parent company Cumulus Media, whose stock is reeling at around 50 cents per share, its Sportsradio 1310 AM and 96.7 FM The Ticket franchise continued to dominate its niche in the Dallas-Fort Worth market, according to the latest ratings book.
In case you missed it, a headline in the tabloid New York Post this week read: "Cumulus Media is on the brink of total collapse."
No matter what happens at Atlanta-based Cumulus whose stock price was $64 as recently as 2014, The Ticket, which has changed ownership multiple times since its birth in 1994, should continue to thrive.
For the May book, The Ticket remained No. 1 in the market in its targeted audience of men 25-54. That's No. 1 up and down the radio dial regardless of format. It was the station's best ratings month since June 2016.
Meanwhile, KRLD-FM (105.3) the Fan was No. 7 while KESN-FM (103.3), a.k.a. ESPN, was No. 19.
The Ticket's May rating more than doubled Fan and ESPN combined.
All four of the Ticket's weekday shows from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. -- Musers, Norm & Donovan, BaD Radio and the Hardline -- were No. 1 in their time slots.
Over at the Fan, Shan & R.J. were sixth overall in morning drive. G Bag Nation was No. 5 in its time slot with Ben & Skin clocking in at No. 5 in afternoon drive.
The good news at the Fan is It's May 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. weekday ratings in men 25-54 was its best ever.
At ESPN, the soon-to-be departed national Mike & Mike offering was No. 11 in morning drive. J Dub City was No. 19 (with the best rating in its brief lifetime). Ryan Rusillo, another national offering, was No. 23. Dennis & Cowlishaw was No. 11 in afternoon drive.
Xavi: Has turned his back on his international career
Barcelona midfielder Xavi has announced his retirement from international football.
The 34-year-old, who was capped 133 times during a 14-year international career, was part of Spain's golden generation that saw the nation collect three major trophies.
Xavi played a significant role as Spain won back-to-back European Championships in 2008 and 2012, while adding the World Cup in South Africa in 2010.
At the Euro finals of 2008 he was named the player of the tournament.
His final campaign for the national team ended in disappointment with Spain failing to progress beyond the group stage in Brazil last month as they suffered defeats by the Netherlands and Chile.
He made his international debut in 2000, the same year he helped Spain win an Olympic silver medal in Australia.
Xavi, who has confirmed he will see out the final two years of his Barcelona contract, said: "I'm grateful for all those years and it has been a fantastic time.
"I'm grateful to everybody at the Federation, it's been a marvellous time for me to be there for so many years and have so much success.
“I'm leaving very proud and I wish them all the best. From now on I'm another fan of the Spain team."
As for quitting Spain at this particular time, following a dismal World Cup finals in South America, he added: "I was disappointed on two levels at the end of last season as I did not feel useful to Barça or to the national team.
"Brazil was disappointing for everyone collectively and for me also individually and the fact that I did not take part in the decisive game against Chile was a personal disappointment."
Xavi quits the international scene as his country's second most-capped player behind Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas, who has represented Spain 156 times.
Detroit police say an 18-year-old was killed and three others were seriously injured when a car full of men stopped in front of an east side home and fired multiple shots from a “high-powered weapon.”
The shooting took place around 11 p.m. Wednesday at a home in the 16600 block of Edmore, in a neighborhood near 8 Mile and Kelly roads just west of I-94.
According to police, an 18-year-old woman was standing on the porch talking with three men — ages 18, 19 and 20 — when a red Saturn vehicle with four men inside came driving down the street and stopped in front of the house.
Police say one of the men got out of the vehicle's front passenger door and opened fire with a “high-powered weapon,” striking the four victims in their bodies. The man got back into the car and the vehicle fled the scene. Witnesses said the rapid shots sounded like they came from a machine gun.
The homeowner, who did not want to be named, said the victims were just “kids being kids,” hanging around outside when the shooting happened.
“The shots rang out like ‘Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop!' and all I could do was just jump up and try to run downstairs to see where she was at, to see what was going on. When I got down here, I saw the young man laying on my front walkway,” she told WWJ's Mike Campbell.
The 18-year-old woman, identified by relatives as Aundrea Garland, was fatally shot. The other three men were rushed to the hospital. The 18-year-old is in critical condition; the other two are in temporary-serious condition.
Garland's mother, Margaret, has a strong message for her daughter's killers.
“It's like a dream and I just want to wake up,” she said, tears streaming down her cheeks. “I just want them to know that whoever pulled that trigger last night, I want you to know that you took my baby away from me and I hope you go to hell for what you did to my child. You will reap what you sow, you best believe that, you better believe that. And I hope you don't have another good night's sleep because you took my baby. My baby didn't deserve that. You didn't even know my child.”
Margaret Garland said her daughter was spending the night at her friend's home, with plans Thursday to pick up their class schedules and go shopping for new clothes for the coming school year.
“She just turned 18 on July 3. She was a good girl, she was sweet. Everybody loved her. She didn't deserve this,” she said.
Police were not immediately able to provide detailed descriptions of the suspects, other than to say that all are black males.
Sgt. Michael Woody said investigators aren't yet sure of a motive, but they're not ruling out the possibility that the incident might be connected to a shooting Wednesday at Eastland Mall, located nearby. In that case, a man and woman were wounded as they left the mall around 3:30 p.m. near the vacant Sears store. Investigators recovered 25 to 30 casings from a large-caliber gun, possibly an assault rifle, and said three or four suspects might be involved.
“Because of the proximity, it's something that we're not ruling out at this time,” Woody said. “Obviously, when situations like this happen just within blocks of each other or within a short distance, it's something that we do weigh heavily into our consideration. Although we can't connect anything right now, it is something that we are considering.”
Woody said dealing with case after case of senseless violence in Detroit, especially against young people, cuts the entire police force to the core.
“I don't care what you see or who you talk to, you can never prepare your mind or yourself for something like this,” he said.
Anyone with information is urged to contact police at 313-596-2260 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-SPEAK-UP.
Mr Prodi will be replaced as the centre-left's candidate for PM
The news came hours after Italian President Giorgio Napolitano dissolved parliament, following unsuccessful talks to form an interim government.
The political crisis was triggered by last month's resignation of centre-left Prime Minister Romano Prodi.
Mr Prodi, currently Italy's caretaker PM, lost a Senate confidence vote.
The BBC's Christian Fraser, in Rome, says the early election paves the way for a return to power of the opposition leader and former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is at least 10 points ahead in the opinion polls.
Mr Berlusconi, Italy's richest man has already begun campaigning unofficially, our correspondent says.
The early election date was announced by outgoing Transport Minister Alessandro Bianchi.
Electoral reform
Mr Prodi's centre-left coalition was defeated in the Senate in January - soon after the small centrist Udeur party left the government.
Silvio Berlusconi hopes to beat the centre-left bloc
President Napolitano then asked the Senate Speaker, Franco Marini, to put together an interim government with a mandate to reform the electoral law that was widely blamed for the current instability.
Under the current proportional representation system, smaller parties with only a handful of seats hold the balance of power in parliament. There are currently 39 parties in the Italian Parliament.
But after several days of intense talks Mr Marini admitted he had failed to convince the centre-right opposition.
Mr Berlusconi had insisted during the crisis talks that only early elections could end the political crisis.
Meanwhile, Walter Veltroni, the mayor of Rome, is widely expected to replace Mr Prodi as the centre-left's candidate for prime minister.
Mr Veltroni has signalled that he wants his new Democratic Party to run alone without the support of the other centre-left parties, our correspondent says.
If this happens, analysts predict he will win a greater share of the vote.
But it would mean Mr Berlusconi's coalition will almost certainly be assured victory, our correspondent says.
VICTORIA, Minn. — Embattled Catholic Archbishop John Nienstedt has asked for the resignation of a popular music director at a Victoria, Minn., church because he married his longtime same-sex partner.
Father Bob White, who leads St. Victoria Catholic Church, has notified parishioners that Nienstedt has asked for Jamie Moore's resignation, and that Moore has agreed to the archbishop's request.
Nienstedt said in a statement that the teachings of the Catholic Church must be upheld. He says public conduct contrary to the teachings and law of the church is a reason for immediate dismissal.
“The … conduct of church employees can inspire and motivate people, but it can also scandalize and undermine their faith,” said Nienstedt. “Church employees must … recognize and accept the responsibilities that accompany their ministry.”
Nienstedt, who championed the failed effort to ban same-sex marriage in Minnesota, is facing his own church investigation over allegations of inappropriate sexual relationships with other men, including priests and seminary students.
Article continues below
Parishioners and victims of clergy sex abuse have also called for Nienstedt's resignation for his handling of abuse complaints.
Minnesota Public Radio reported last year that Nienstedt had approved secret payments to priests who had admitted to sexually assaulting children, kept priests in ministry despite allegations of child sex abuse and failed to warn parishioners about the Rev. Curtis Wehmeyer's sexual interest in younger men. Wehmeyer is now in prison for sexually assaulting two sons of a parish employee.
Last year, Nienstedt was investigated by local law enforcement for allegedly touching a boy's buttocks during a confirmation ceremony, but was not charged.
More on Jamie Moore's resignation from WCCO-TV:
This Story Filed Under
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court seemed skeptical on Monday of allowing victims of human rights abuses to sue in American courts against the foreign corporations accused of aiding in the atrocities.
People line up for admission at the U.S. Supreme Court in Washington October 1, 2012. The U.S. Supreme Court, back in session today after its summer recess, is expected to take up a closely watched case that could help it decide whether American judges are empowered to hear lawsuits over human rights atrocities abroad. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
But in oral arguments in one of the court's biggest human rights cases in years, some justices suggested they might not close U.S. courts to similar claims against individuals, including those who take refuge in the United States, or to claims involving U.S. companies.
In the case, the first of the court's new term, 12 Nigerians accused Anglo-Dutch oil company Royal Dutch Shell Plc of complicity in a violent crackdown on protesters by military ruler Sani Abacha from 1992 to 1995.
Esther Kiobel filed her suit in 2002 on behalf of victims including her husband, Barinem, who was executed in 1995.
Her case was based on a 1789 law known as the Alien Tort Statute that had been dormant for nearly two centuries before lawyers began using it in the 1980s to bring international human rights cases in U.S. courts.
The Supreme Court heard arguments in February over whether the Alien Tort Statute could apply to corporations, and later expanded the case to consider whether the law could be invoked in similar cases against anyone.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, often a swing vote, asked Kiobel's lawyer Paul Hoffman whether there was a connection between events in Nigeria and matters “that commenced in the United States or that are closely related to the United States.”
Kennedy expressed concern that if U.S. courts were to assert jurisdiction, this could expose U.S. corporations to similar lawsuits in other countries.
Hoffman countered: “It is possible the plaintiffs could have sued in other places. They sued here because this is where they live.”
But Justice Samuel Alito questioned, as he had in February, why that was appropriate, after Hoffman agreed that British and Dutch courts could have fairly judged the Nigerian plaintiffs' claims.
“Well, if that's so,” Alito said, “why does this case belong in the courts of the United States when it has nothing to do with the United States other than the fact that a subsidiary of the defendant has a big operation here?”
Kathleen Sullivan, a lawyer arguing for Royal Dutch Petroleum, stressed Alito's concern.
“This case has nothing to do with the United States,” she said. By opening U.S. courts to similar lawsuits regardless of the place of alleged misconduct, other nations might see fit to use their courts in the same manner.
PIRACY
Several justices questioned whether Shell's position, supported by other companies including Coca-Cola Co and mining giant Rio Tinto Plc, might rule out the use of U.S. courts for other types of crimes, such as piracy.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor said piracy would have “without question” been considered a violation of international norms in 1789.
Sotomayor also appeared receptive to an argument by the European Commission that the United States could be the court of last resort in cases known as “foreign-cubed cases” involving actions by a foreign corporation conducted outside the United States in the aid of a foreign country.
“It seems to me like a fairly simple set of rules clearly defined and limiting the application of this statute in a way that sort of makes sense,” she told Hoffman.
More than 150 lawsuits accusing U.S. and foreign corporations of wrongdoing in more than 60 foreign countries have been filed in U.S. courts in the last two decades, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Many companies settle to avoid costs and publicity.
The Obama administration argued that the Alien Tort Statute would not apply in foreign-cubed cases, but could apply elsewhere.
Solicitor General Donald Verrilli said limiting the law's use would help the United States balance interests including avoiding friction with foreign companies, helping U.S. companies avoid possible liability abroad, and promoting human rights.
Justice Antonin Scalia, however, observed that prior administrations had taken more expansive views of the protection and future administrations might also adopt a different view.
HIGH-PROFILE CASES
A tearful Esther Kiobel attended the court session and was among 20 protesters outside the courthouse on Monday.
Now 48 and living in Dallas, she had first brought the case in 2002, two years before she said she became a U.S. citizen.
“My situation is terrible,” she said in an interview. “This country brought me here as a refugee. They saved me from being killed. That's why we want our case here. Right now, I don't feel safe in Nigeria.”
The Kiobel case is the first high-profile case for the court in its new nine-month term, and there was no reference to the fireworks that ended the last term, when the court in June upheld most of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Next week, the court will hear a challenge to affirmative action at the University of Texas at Austin. It is also considered likely during the current term, which ends in June, to review cases involving same-sex marriage and voting rights.
Still, of the cases the court has taken so far, Pepperdine University law professor Douglas Kmiec said, “Kiobel raises perhaps the largest question of them all: the relationship between America and the world.”
The case is Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 10-1491.
UPDATE: Head coach Ben McAdoo says Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie has been suspended by the team. The cornerback came to the facility Wednesday and left the team without practicing.
DRC has been suspended, McAdoo says. #Giants -- James Kratch (@JamesKratch) October 11, 2017
Coach McAdoo: DRC came in today and decided to leave. We will suspend him. #NYGiants -- New York Giants (@Giants) October 11, 2017
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie had a convo with Ben McAdoo earlier this week. He came in today and decided to leave team. He's been suspended. -- Jordan Raanan (@JordanRaanan) October 11, 2017
I'm told Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie expressed his displeasure with the coaching staff regarding his existing role, per source. #Giants -- Art Stapleton (@art_stapleton) October 11, 2017
Landon Collins says DRC did not leave the team, that he had a disagreement with McAdoo and McAdoo suspended him. -- Paul Schwartz (@NYPost_Schwartz) October 11, 2017
Landon Collins said it was something between DRC and McAdoo that he believes stemmed from Sunday. He even called it an "altercation." -- Jordan Raanan (@JordanRaanan) October 11, 2017
Something happened at halftime involving DRC. He took off his pads for a moment. Details hazy after that. #Giants -- James Kratch (@JamesKratch) October 11, 2017
#Giants CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie had words with coach Ben McAdoo after being pulled in Sunday's game, sources say. It continued today -- Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) October 11, 2017
It got heated. DRC has been a good soldier, playing the slot, doing what was asked. As competitive as he is, getting pulled was too much. https://t.co/uXvqsAAfKb -- Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) October 11, 2017
The issue between DRC and McAdoo and the coaches was never resolved Sunday. It continued today until the suspension and departure. Crazy. -- Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) October 11, 2017
My texts w/ #Giants CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie: J: U alright?
DRC: I'm Gr8 J: R u coming back to team?
D:Yes I am J: When
D:Tomorrow. -- Josina Anderson (@JosinaAnderson) October 11, 2017
#Giants CB DRC told me he & Ben McAdoo had an argument on the sidelines about playing. Admits he 'handled it the wrong way.' [More] -- Josina Anderson (@JosinaAnderson) October 11, 2017
#NYG CB DRC cont 2me:
"but to sit me a game had me hot, so I left. I was suspended way before I left. I left bc I felt what he said was BS." -- Josina Anderson (@JosinaAnderson) October 11, 2017
McAdoo told DRC on Tuesday he would be inactive this week based on his actions during Sunday's game, per source. -- Dan Duggan (@DDuggan21) October 11, 2017
EAST RUTHERFORD -- The Giants were missing two starting defensive backs at practice Wednesday, but only one was listed on the injury report.
Cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie was missing from practice for an unspecified reason. A team spokesman said he did not have any information on the veteran's absence. Rodgers-Cromartie was spotted leaving the locker room on Tuesday when it opened to reporters.
Possible trade scenarios for DRC
Head coach Ben McAdoo is schedule to hold a press conference at 1:30 p.m.
Rodgers-Cromartie did exit Sunday's 27-22 loss to the Chargers due to what was believed to be a left leg injury, but he was excluded from the injury report. Safety Landon Collins is on the injury report with an ankle injury; he was also missing from practice, as was wide receiver Sterling Shepard, who has an ankle injury.
"DRC was in and out," McAdoo said after the loss to the Chargers. "He was hobbled a little bit."
Rodgers-Cromartie has appeared in all five games for the Giants this season with four starts. He has worked primarily in the slot, but has also played outside when needed due to Janoris Jenkins' ankle injury and Eli Apple's recent benching for performance reasons. Rodgers-Cromartie has 26 tackles and a half-sack this season.
Linebacker Jonathan Casillas (neck), running back Paul Perkins (ribs), center Weston Richburg (concussion) and defensive end Olivier Vernon (ankle) were all at practice, but did not appear to be participating during the period open to reporters.
James Kratch may be reached at jkratch@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JamesKratch. Find our Giants coverage on Facebook.
The universe is a “vast and complex” hologram, according to scientists from the University of Southampton and colleagues in Canada and Italy. But fear not. It does not mean that we are all figments of an alien overlord's dabbling with a mega-Imax projection system.
A hologram is a flat (two-dimensional) surface that, when viewed, appears to have a third dimension – in other words, it gives the illusion of having depth. The holographic principle suggests that the contents of the universe originate as mathematics encoded on a boundary surrounding the entire cosmos. If you're struggling to picture that, just relax, because the scientists can't quite envisage it either. They just know it works mathematically.
The theory was first proposed by physicist Leonard Susskind in the 1990s. He showed that many of the laws of physics can be described mathematically using two dimensions, rather than the three we experience. Cosmologists like this approach because it could help solve one of the biggest puzzles in physics: how gravity works on extremely small scales. Without this, physicists struggle to understand what happens inside a black hole, or what happened at the moment the universe came into existence.
According to previous theories, when matter falls into a black hole it is crushed out of existence. But how can something just vanish? It contradicts the principle that matter can neither be created nor destroyed. Using the holographic principle, this paradox is solved because nothing is destroyed. The information contained in the matter is smeared across the black hole's boundary. Again, no one knows what this means in reality; it just gets the sums right.
These latest results apply the holographic principle to the origin of the universe. Scientists have found that, mathematically, the holographic principle works well there, too. Now they have to figure out what that could mean for our understanding of the universe. Perhaps the simplest answer is that it is a giant pan-dimensional cinema after all.
San Diego: I am constantly amazed at how ignorant people are who advocate gun control. Yes, there are around 33,000 deaths by gun each year. However, suicides make up about 22,000 and about 500 are accidental shootings. That leaves only about 11,200 homicides by guns each year. Of those, the vast majority are committed by gang members. So, gun control will make little to no difference in the number of homicides. Now consider the number of people who die each year from opioid overdoses: 50,000. How about drunk driving deaths? 10,000. And here is the coup de grace, how many people die from lung cancer each year: 157,000! Do you think, maybe, we have the wrong priorities here? If you are really concerned about the number of homicides, change the laws regarding gang affiliation and enable the use of RICO laws to prosecute them. Allen West
Greek southern Cyprus, a European Union member since 2004, is set to assume the EU's rotating presidency in July 2012. But if the Greek Cypriots don't agree to a deal ending the three-decade division from the Turkish northern part of the island, Turkey will refuse to recognize their EU leadership, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Tuesday.
"Nobody should expect us to consider the administration of Southern Cyprus as an interlocutor," Erdoğan said during a press conference after meeting with Dervis Eroglu, the president of northern Cyprus. "We will never consider them as (an) interlocutor and sit at (the) table with them."
Erdoğan's two-day visit marks the July 20 anniversary celebration of Turkey's 1974 invasion of Cyprus, which ultimately led to the island's division. Turkey remains the only nation to recognize the internationally isolated Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, where it maintains a military presence. The situation is a major stumbling block to Turkey joining the EU.
While the Turkish Cypriots voted in favour of reunification in a 2004 referendum, their southern neighbors rejected the measure, a perceived insult that has prompted stiff Turkish resistance to further efforts at finding a solution.
'We Are a Step Ahead'
Erdoğan went as far as issuing an ultimatum on Tuesday, saying there would be no movement towards a solution unless negotiations were based on having two founding states in the reunification.
"We are a step ahead of Greek Cypriots and we have the right for it, they don't," he told the press conference. "Now, they are thinking that they have an advantage that they don't deserve and it is a sin of EU member countries."
In an interview with Turkish newspaper Milliyet, he reiterated his threat, saying that for the six-month duration of Cyprus's EU presidency, Turkey would have no relationship with the union.
Erdoğan's comments echoed those made by Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu last week, who said he also hoped both sides of the Mediterranean island could renegotiate parameters for reunification and put them to a referendum vote in early 2012.
While representatives of the northern and southern parts of the island have signalled a willingness to reunify, boundary and property disputes continue. After meeting with the two sides in Geneva this month, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he expects the islanders to resolve the conflict by October.
Threat Disqualifies Turkey, Conservatives Say
But Turkey's threats may seem hollow when it comes to the process of joining the EU. Negotiations have been stalled for some time, with no real movement in more than a year. The country formally began talks to join the EU in 2005, but key members have major reservations about accepting the Muslim-majority nation.
Germany is among the countries skeptical of Turkey's EU qualifications, and conservatives in the southern state of Bavaria were quick to accept Turkey's threat, saying it showed the country was not ready for membership anyway.
"Those who refuse to hold talks with a member state are snubbing the entire EU," said Stefan Müller, a senior member of the conservative Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party to Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union. Erdoğan has proven that "he doesn't shy away from attempts at blackmail in the interest of political power," Müller told the daily Rheinische Post. He said that fact further disqualifies Turkey's plans to join the bloc.
"They can never be an equal partner in the EU," he said.
When President Donald Trump's administration announced earlier this week that they were holding an all-hands-on-deck meeting at the White House about the North Korean crisis, the most obvious question was why they would hold a meeting usually reserved for Capitol Hill.
The answer, it seems, is that they put on a show for its own sake.
Advertisement:
Nothing new was divulged during the Wednesday meeting, according to a number of senators who attended and spoke with CNN afterward. After briefly appearing to discuss the crisis in North Korea, Trump passed the baton to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, Secretary of Defense James Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford.
"It was a sobering briefing, and an important opportunity for the entire Senate to hear the emerging plans of the Trump administration to confront what is a very real threat to our security," Democratic Sen. Chris Coons of Connecticut told CNN.
His Republican colleague, Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee (who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee), told the network that "it was an OK briefing."
Republican Sen. John McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, told CNN that "I didn't hear anything new because I have been heavily briefed before. It's a very serious situation, just as I had (thought) before I went there."
The disenchantment was perhaps best captured by Democratic Sen. Tammy Duckworth of Illinois, who told CNN's Anderson Cooper that "It felt more like a dog and pony show to me than anything else. I guess it has something to with this 100 days in office."
.@SenDuckworth on WH North Korea briefing: "I could've gotten all that information by reading a newspaper" https://t.co/12MhmzH2iT — Anderson Cooper 360° (@AC360) April 27, 2017
Advertisement:
[jwplayer file="http://media.salon.com/2017/04/5714cbeed8fefb99f9a4b4b53a052fec.mp4" image="http://media.salon.com/2017/04/e4a19af18973d89d18c778ea96a4db43-1280x720.png"][/jwplayer]
Many of you have been asking if Hammond's broken knee will affect the filming for season two of the Grand Tour.
And the short answer is: yes.
I've been up since dawn, rewriting all of the scripts
As I write, James May is sitting in the hellhole that is Gatwick Airport waiting for a budget airline to take him to a shoot that Hammond should have been doing.
Rewrites
Meanwhile, I've been up since dawn, rewriting all of the scripts and ideas we had to accommodate the fact that Hammond can't drive for the next few months.
Meanwhile, he is lying in a bed in the Swiss Alps, while pretty nurses attend to give his every need, and give him drugs.
Standing on one leg
Apparently, he will be back in the office next week which is a good thing because we are out of toner for the photocopier, the girl who makes coffee is on holiday and the store room needs re-organising. These, I feel, are jobs he can do on one leg.
AP The bloody and internal struggle within the GOP was blown wide open this week, with the news that Karl Rove has formed a new super-PAC, an offshoot of American Crossroads, that aims to weed out Republican primary candidates it views as unpalatable and unelectable.
The news, first reported in The New York Times Sunday, has hardened battle lines between grassroots conservatives and the Republican Establishment, laying bare tensions that have been brewing since Rove led the GOP's tar-and-feathering of Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin during the 2012 election.
Rove's new super-PAC, the Conservative Victory Project, was formed explicitly to avoid candidates like Akin, whose infamous "legitimate rape" comment sank a once-winnable Senate race and badly tarnished the Republican brand.
But conservatives see the new group as final proof that the GOP Establishment has abandoned — and wants to silence and destroy — the party's rank-and-file. Powerful conservative groups — including FreedomWorks, the Club for Growth, and the Senate Conservatives Fund — reacted to Rove's news with scorn and outrage.
Grassroots activists are now using the Conservative Victory Project as a rallying cry to unite the various factions of the Republican base.
"I'm elated to see that the wolf is willing to stop lying to Little Red Riding Hood," Iowa talk radio host and conservative kingmaker Steve Deace told Business Insider. "The reality is that the only people that hate us more than Democrats are people running the Republican Party.
"In any dysfunctional relationship you reach a juncture where one party believes that they would be better off without the other," Deace added. "They are reverse engineering the decisions they make from that premise."
Christian radio giant Dick Bott laid out the argument further this week, in an email circulated among conservative Tea Party activists and evangelical leaders and obtained by Business Insider:
"The Karl Rove type, Republican establishment leaders have maneuvered around and picked our candidates far too long, and they've lost too many elections to allow it to continue.
Their pompous RINO leadership, such as what is demonstrated here, has only made Rove and the others very wealthy as they've gathered together millions of dollars while attempting to destroy some of the best candidates around. Pro-family conservative will now gather anew around those iron-clad values that we believe in and we will never, never, ever get rolled-over again.
Whether pro-life, pro-family, low taxes, small government movement voters are known as the Tea Party or by some other name (who cares?) Karl Rove's initiative has set us FREE and will finally allow us to break down the false color barriers, ethnic differences, etc., that have kept us apart, and will now allow people of similar faith, strong convictions and belief in America to work together as never before....
....Now that Karl Rove and his bunch have turned on the light and shown us the door, we are FREE and will only stand by those candidates that can be trusted from now on -- the same candidates the Karl Rove establishment crowd threw under the bus during the fall election.
Rove and his organizations have pushed back against the criticism, saying that their goal is not to pick a fight with the Tea Party.
"Our goal isn't to divide the party," Crossroads spokesman Jonathan Collegio told Business Insider. "Our party has lost a number of races in recent years, both by so-called Establishment candidates and Tea Party candidates, not because of bad messages but bad messengers [and] undisciplined candidates."
While Republicans generally agree that the party has done a bad job of coming up with electable candidates, conservatives tend to resent the implication that the GOP's Todd Akin problem was all their fault.
Moreover, some party leaders and activists quietly question whether Rove is the best guy to remedy the problem.
"Everyone realizes that we, as a party, have got to be more welcoming — and that includes conservatives," South Carolina Republican Party Chair Chad Connelly told Business Insider. "But I don't think challenging conservatives is the best idea. I think it's got to come from the people."
"I'm just glad Karl Rove doesn't speak for the RNC or work for the RNC," Connelly added. "If he's opposing conservatives, he sure doesn't speak for me and South Carolina Republicans."
The intense grassroots opposition to Rove sets the stage for an expensive and divisive battle between the two major factions of the GOP in 2014, when Republicans will have another opportunity to take back control of the Senate.
Although Collegio said that the Conservative Victory Project has not yet set its targets for 2014, Iowa is shaping up to be one of the first battlegrounds with the retirement of the state's Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin.
Tea Party firebrand Rep. Steve King is the early favorite for the Republican nomination; i n the NYT Sunday, however, Conservative Victory Project president Steven Law specifically singled out King as a possible target, noting King's history of incendiary comments and flirtation with white nationalism.
But conservative activists in Iowa are concerned that the Conservative Victory Project's plan will backfire, and end up fostering the very scenario the group aims to avoid.
"If they are worried that Steve King can't win an election, targeting him is a sure-fire way to find out," Deace said. "[Rove] is actually going to encourage the very atmosphere he's intending to stop. If he wasn't so concerned with his ego, he would realize that."
Deace added that Rove's stamp of approval is more likely to harm, rather than help, candidates in Republican primaries, which tend to be dominated by the party's grassroots.
"If Karl Rove wanted to take over the process in the primary states, the worst way to do it was to sabotage the candidates," Deace said. "He's going to Scarlet Letter his own people."
Deace's criticism underscores the underlying flaws in the Conservative Victory Project strategy. Most significantly, the 2010 and 2012 elections proved that big-money media blitzes don't necessarily win elections, particularly during the primaries. Rove's American Crossroads, for example, got a mere 1% return on its $104 million investment in 2012 races.
That lesson is particularly true in Iowa, a state that is famous for its retail politics.
"I expect that when Iowans find out that a candidate is getting money from out-of-state, they'll be upset," Iowa Republican Party Chair A.J. Spiker told Business Insider. "All those big ads — that's not how you win in Iowa. Grassroots campaigning is how you win here."
"If there's an effort to marginalize the candidate who is supported by the grassroots, I think there is going to be blowback," he said.
The danger, Spiker added, is if attempts to meddle in the primaries backfire, and end up seriously damaging the party in the process.
"I believe that people will ultimately decide the candidate for themselves," Spiker said. "But it hurts the party when groups jump in and try to influence the process...Ultimately, the only benefit is to the people raising and spending the money."
Correction: An earlier version of this post named Rove's group as the Conservative Victory Fund. It's correct name is the Conservative Victory Project. We apologize for the error.
Herald
After submitting more than 1,900 petition signatures from 10 counties, Democrat Kerith Strano Taylor officially announced her candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives in Pennsylvania's 5th Congressional District.
Strano Taylor ran for this seat in 2014 against Republican incumbent Glenn “GT” Thompson.
“We made tremendous strides in the 2014 run,” said Strano Taylor about her last campaign. “With support from across the district, we are renewing our challenge to the status quo. Thousands of people believe we deserve better representation in Washington, and we are building a team to win this seat for the people of the 5th Congressional District.
“Representative Thompson voted to give President Obama Fast Track Authority for the Trans Pacific Partnership, which undermines U.S. sovereignty and is a disaster for American workers and local businesses. He voted to end Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) on our beef and pork products, so, we do not know where our meat is coming from. He is not in touch with the needs of the people of the 5th District. It is time for new representation that puts American workers and small businesses and farmers first.”
Strano Taylor said she will fight the policies that “exacerbate income inequality; protect the right to quality and affordable health care; stand in alliance with unions who helped build the middle class; and advocate for the moderate, common-sense values of the people of the 5th District.”
The district encompasses all or part of 16 counties in northwestern Pennsylvania, geographically covering a quarter of the commonwealth. It is the second largest district east of the Mississippi River.
Strano Taylor is a family law attorney, a small business owner, an advocate for children in the foster care system. She is a previous two-term president and still-sitting member of her local school board, and the chair of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court Juvenile Procedural Rules Committee.
She lives in Brookville, with her two children, Laurin and Ethan Taylor.
In January 2016, Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif suffered a concussion in the first half of a playoff game against the Houston Texans. There were 271 concussions in the league that season, but Duvernay-Tardif, who was also attending medical school at McGill University during the offseason, understood the implications as well as any football player who's ever suffered a head injury has. “Concussions is one of my fields of interests,” he told me last summer. “I've read a lot about it. Especially when you study pediatrics, which I do, because it's one of the biggest injuries for kids under 16.”
Duvernay-Tardif recognized the symptoms as soon as he began to display them: “I'm the one who went to the trainer and said, ‘Something is wrong.' And the reason I was able to do that was I had knowledge.”
While waiting to get cleared for game action the following week, Duvernay-Tardif dove further into his research, reading additional studies on the prognosis for concussions, including examining the testing and “scoring system” that he'd have to go through to prove health and return to the field. He's now in his medical residency. He's also still starting for the Chiefs, and I can't think of a clearer example of how complex the NFL's concussion issue is than that: Despite all of his knowledge, and despite his personal battle with a concussion, Duvernay-Tardif still plays.
On Tuesday, the concussion conversation acquired a new and more urgent dynamic: Boston University researchers say that they have developed a way to test living patients for CTE, a neurodegenerative disease whose symptoms can include confusion, headaches, memory loss, depression, and impaired judgment, and that has been heavily linked to football.
Concussions were already scary, even though the media tend to downplay the problem. A study from earlier this year found that journalists often soften the tone of the injury when relaying information to the public. We too often think of concussions as a problem for a coach trying to assemble a game plan absent a key player, and not as a life-changing event for that player. But Bears linebacker Leonard Floyd said he did not think straight for two months after his concussion; Aaron Rodgers once told Bill Simmons that one of his eyes went “metallic” after a concussion.
“I think about how we're almost numb to it because it's a part of the job,” then-Lions linebacker DeAndre Levy wrote on Instagram last year. “I became numb to the fact that CTE could be present in me.” If a test exists that reveals that presence to players, it will change the conversation around head injuries. And it will change football.
In most of the conversations about head injuries and football that I've had with people knowledgeable about the subjects, there's always been a far-away if inserted: If one day, CTE could be diagnosed in the living, the way we view football would change. In the decade or so since head injuries became a focal point of football conversation, CTE has seemed less urgent to the casual fan on Sundays because it previously could only be diagnosed in the deceased. While the BU researchers have cautioned that their findings are still in the early stages, the implications are already considerable. No sport commands as many viewers as the NFL, and no sport can retain as many sponsors and navigate as many crises. But the ability to test for CTE at any point during a player's career—including long before he ever reaches the NFL—could send the sport spiraling.
If football fades in popularity, it won't primarily be because of fans who are fed up with the ethical issues surrounding the game—be it health and safety, criminal behavior, or boycotts. Despite the amount of attention on those issues, they haven't specifically caused any ratings declines. In fact, in the decade-plus since we first came to understand the sport's lingering impact on a player's body, football has become more popular.
There will always be some level of cynicism about health and safety in football, both inside and outside of the game. ESPN's Darren Rovell said that the NFL players he's spoken to don't care to know if they have CTE since it's already a virtual certainty. This is a sport in which Jets rookie Jamal Adams said he'd like to die on a football field. But Tuesday's news is not just about what current players say about the sport, because testing is still in its early stages of development. This is about future players one day knowing at an early age—perhaps before their NFL careers begin—that they have a brain disease. What if colleges decide to test for CTE for liability purposes before players' careers begin? If large numbers of players are diagnosed with CTE during their college football days (where the numbers suggest there's already a problem), what will the fallout be? Will colleges prevent them from playing again for liability or ethical reasons? Will young people get discouraged from ever starting the sport? Participation in the sport is already down in youth football since the start of this decade. The ability to decipher when CTE begins will be a massive win for player safety—and a massive problem for the viability of the game.
If the NFL's reach wanes, it will almost certainly be because the talent pipeline drains. Armed with the information that BU's breakthrough could one day give to them, the players who stay in the game long enough to become stars in the NFL could end up bailing midcareer, especially after they've made a nice amount of money. NFL fans watch nationally televised games because of gambling and fantasy, yes, but history suggests they also watch for superstars. But let's say you are a 30-year-old NFL superstar fresh off a four-year mega-contract. You take the test and you find out that you already have CTE and that it could get even worse if you continue to take repeated blows to the head. You know that studies have linked longer careers to more severe cases of CTE. What do you do?
Only a few players have quit with health specifically in mind: Former Chiefs safety Husain Abdullah and 49ers linebacker Chris Borland are among them. Ravens lineman John Urschel retired in July, which a team source told ESPN was in part because of a study released days before that said that CTE was present in nearly 99 percent of the brains of deceased NFL players that were studied. Those are not the names that necessarily impact the ratings and watchability of a league already facing questions about those things. But if the league lost a wave of superstars to either midcareer retirement or never making it to the pros in the first place, the game would fundamentally change. That reality becomes much more realistic once science is able to tell a player in the middle of his football life how much damage his brain has already taken.
There is no law that says football has to be the most popular sport in America. It is well-worn ground to point out that boxing used to be significantly more popular than it is today, but it's a point worth thinking about nonetheless because it reminds us that once the talent pool in a given realm goes away, the popularity of the game soon follows. “The same world-class athletes that once gravitated to boxing—strong guys with superior hand-eye coordination, lower-class backgrounds, looking for a way out,” Simmons wrote in a 2002 love letter to boxing's bygone era, “now gravitate toward basketball, baseball and football (where top stars earn more money and escape with their brains intact).” Boxing certainly has other problems—the lack of a unified governing body, off-the-wall scoring decisions—but if there were a critical mass of high-caliber heavyweights battling right now, viewers would be more engaged.
We're still years away from the NFL needing to contend directly with talent drain. But the only way to keep as many players coming into the league is to make the game as safe as possible, something that the NFL is at least attempting to do. I've spoken to many of its health and safety experts, and they are trying new technology and implementing medical advancements both to attempt to prevent concussions from happening (through things like new helmet technology) and to treat them once they occur (with improved testing and independent neurologists who can give an unbiased assessment of when players can return to the field). It is, as of yet, unclear what impact these efforts will have on the sport. And of course, the inherent problem remains: Hitting one's head is always going to be dangerous. Flag football may be on the rise, college football may be reducing contact in practice, and the Canadian Football League may be getting rid of full-contact practices entirely, but nothing can change the reality that playing a game that requires repeatedly pounding one's head against another human will eventually cause problems.
What's more: If CTE is diagnosed in the living, the ramifications for the NFL would also extend beyond the field of play to the courtroom. As former Packers executive and current MMQB columnist Andrew Brandt pointed out, CTE still isn't a covered condition in the NFL's concussion settlement, which was struck in 2013 and approved in 2015, and in which the NFL agreed to pay about $765 million to ex-players—an amount that has since jumped to around $1 billion. (Because CTE could never be proved in living people before, the settlement covers diseases stemming from CTE, such as dementia, but not CTE itself.) But if players file motions against the NFL, armed with the information that CTE could be diagnosed in the living, it would add a new layer to the concussion settlement. In fact, former NFL player Seth Joyner suggested just that, calling the news a “game changer.” Once it's possible to confirm, nearly in real time, that CTE exists, there will be liability issues everywhere. Could a college be sued? Could a high school?
At the beginning of his 1982 book, The Hardest Game, Hugh McIlvanney wrote an essay about the ethical ramifications of enjoying boxing. “Any supporter of boxing who does not admit to some residual ambivalence about its values, who has not wondered in its crueller moments if it is worth the candle, must be suspect,” he wrote. In order to survive, football must be thought of by fans and players alike as a game that people should play. The sport is losing that battle at the moment, and if Tuesday's news leads to the clarity that it seems to promise, that outcome will only be more assured.
Football has always been a violent game. Its legends of yesteryear often regret playing the sport, with Bo Jackson becoming the most recent superstar to voice that. A few years ago, Tom Brady's father wondered aloud if he'd let his son play football if he were a kid in this era. Now that stands to become more of a mainstream opinion. It will take years to find out the true impact of Tuesday's news, but it brings us closer to understanding what's happening to these players before it's too late.
Iran test fired a medium-range anti-radar missile for first time during its 10-day naval drill near the Strait of Hormuz, Iran's state television Press TV said on Sunday.
Want to know more about Iran's nuclear standoff with the West? Join Haaretz.com's official Facebook page
An Iranian vessel fires a missile during navy exercises in the Strait of Hormuz, Dec. 30, 2011. AFP
State TV says the missile is designed to evade radars and was developed by Iranian scientists.
Earlier Sunday, Lieutenant Commander of the Islamic Revolution Guard Hossein Salami defended his country's right to close off the Strait of Hormuz, a crucial waterway for the distribution of global crude oil supplies.
"We will respond to any threat by intensified threat and this fact has no time or geographical limitation," Salami told the semi-official Fars news agency adding that "the Strait of Hormoz is a part of our defense geography as well."nm
News of a new Iranian test launch came a day after Iran's senior navy commander denied reports that Iran had test-fired long-range missiles during the naval drill on Saturday, saying the missiles would be launched in the next few days.
Mahmoud Mousavi told Press TV that "the exercise of launching missiles will be carried out in the coming days."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The Fars news agency, Press TV and the state-run IRNA news agency had originally reported that Iran had test-fired long-range and other missiles during the exercise on Saturday.
"All kinds of surface-to-sea, sea-to-sea and surface-to-air as well as shoulder-launched missiles will be tested in the coming days," Mousavi told Press TV.
The 10-day naval drill, which began last Saturday, coincided with increased tension in Iran's nuclear row with Western powers, after the European Union said it was considering a ban - already in place in the United States - on imports of Iranian oil.
Iran says the drill is aimed at showing Iran's resolve to counter any attack by enemies such as Israel or the United States.
The United States and Israel have not ruled out a military option if diplomacy fails to resolve the nuclear dispute with Iran.
The U.S. and its allies say Iran wants to build nuclear bombs under cover of a civilian program of uranium enrichment. Iran denies this.
State media reported on Saturday that Iran is ready to resume nuclear talks with world powers.
Foreign Minister Ali-Akbar Salehi said in a meeting with a visiting Chinese official in Tehran that Iran was ready to resume talks with the six world powers over its nuclear programs.
And so it is. Nine minutes long, “Multiple SIDosis” stars Mr. Laverents himself, and it begins as he opens a Christmas gift from his wife at the time, Adelaide: a recording device. For the rest of the film, Mr. Laverents puts to use not just the recorder but also his background as a one-man band, knitting together a soundtrack of several separate recordings of himself performing a jaunty Felix Arndt tune called “Nola.” He whistles, hums, blows across bottlenecks and plays instruments, including a banjo, a jew's-harp and an ocarina.
Photo
It's a witty performance, but what is really unusual is the imagery that accompanies the music. Using repeated exposures of the same piece of film, Mr. Laverents kept adding different shots of himself playing the different musical lines. By the end, there are 11 different Sids on the screen, including a couple wearing Mickey Mouse ears and fake whiskers.
The skill, patience and fastidiousness of the filmmaking is extraordinary. Not only did Mr. Laverents perform all the individual parts beautifully, but because he was re-exposing the same piece of film again and again to layer on the next part, if he made a mistake on the eighth run-through, say, he had to begin again. This 1970 film took him four years to finish.
“What raises his work to a higher level is the deep ingenuity he brings to the minimal tools he has,” said Ross Lipman, a film restorationist at the Film and Television Archive at the University of California, Los Angeles, which is in the process of preserving Mr. Laverents's films, including “The Sid Saga.” “He designed and hand-built his own equipment that allowed him to synchronize the sound and the pictures while he was doing all these backwindings and rerecordings.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Sidney Nicklas Laverents was born in Cheyenne, Wyo., on Aug. 5, 1908. His father, Paul, was a real estate speculator who moved the family frequently in search of a boom; young Sidney graduated from high school in Florida, where his father, at one point, operated a theater. His mother, Edith Davis, taught him piano. He also took drum lessons, and by the mid-1920s, he had taught himself ukulele, banjo and harmonica and had devised ways to play pie-plate cymbals with his elbows and a woodblock using a string, meanwhile strumming the banjo or the uke. He became a traveling musician after he met a father and son who did an escape act at his own father's theater.
Mr. Laverents moved to San Diego in 1941 and did sheet metal work at Consolidated Aircraft. He was drafted in 1943 and sent to Calcutta to build and repair planes. He returned to Consolidated Aircraft after the war (it later merged with Vultee Aircraft and became known as Convair) and continued working there through 1967. He also studied engineering at San Diego State College, and in 1959, Charlotte Laverents said, “he was bitten by the film bug.”
Mr. Laverents was twice divorced and once widowed. Mrs. Laverents, whom he met through a personal ad and married in 1991, is his only survivor.
His impulse to create lasted nearly until his death. Last August Mr. Lipman and others held a 100th-birthday celebration in Los Angeles for Mr. Laverents, who worried that his declining health would keep him from attending. It didn't.
“But he made an apology video,” Mr. Lipman said. “In case he couldn't make it.”
$14.99 was 29.99 Own Wish Buy Buy
iMS-20 is an analog synth studio; a complete recreation of the Korg MS-20 synth, an analog sequencer, a drum machine, and even Korg's Kaoss Pad technology. Plus, you can share your songs online via the SoundCloud!
iMS-20 is a complete music production app for iPad. It consists of a complete recreation of the legendary Korg MS-20 analog synth with the patching capability, plus a 16-step analog sequencer based on the Korg SQ-10, a six-part drum machine which can create drum parts by simply tapping the buttons, and a seven-channel mixer with 14 types of effects.
In addition, iMS-20 offers dual Kaoss Pads allowing you to generate music by simply stroking the pad and moving your fingers over it. Experiment to come up with wild musical phrase! And with access to the SoundCloud audio platform*, you can publish your songs, or collaborate on ideas with people anywhere in the world from within the app!
[Specifications]
Components:
• MS-20 monophonic synthesizer : 1 unit
• Analog sequencer : 1 unit
• 6-part drum machine : 1 unit
• Mixer : 1 unit
• Song/Pattern composer : 1 unit
MS-20 monophonic synthesizer:
• Analog modeling synthesizer (MS-20 modeled by “CMT” Component Modeling Technology)
• 2VCO / 2VCF / 1VCA / 2EG / Patch Panel
• Additional functions : Modulation Key/Tempo Sync
• Insert effect (selectable from 14 effect types as below)
Analog sequencer:
• 16-step analog sequencer
• Control notes, volume, pan, parameters, and voltages via knobs
• Configurable steps (1-16) and sequence mode (6 types)
• Trigger out per channel or step position
6-part drum machine:
• 6-part/16-step drum machine
• Create sounds by sampling a single note from a built-in MS-20
• Controllable notes, volume and pan by knobs
• Configurable steps (1-16) and sequence mode (6 types) per a part
Mixer:
• 7-channel mixer
• Double needle meter indicates VU level
• Master effect (selectable from 14 effect types as below)
Song/Pattern composer:
• Compose a song or select a pattern, built-in mixer
• 16 patterns and 256 bars per a song
• Tempo setting (20-300 BPM) and Swing function
Effect type:
• 14 types : Short Delay, BPM Sync Delay, Reverb 1, Reverb 2, Chorus/Flanger, Equalizer, Compressor, Tube Simulator (Valve Force), Low-Pass Filter, High-Pass Filter, Band-Pass Filter, Talking Modulator, Decimator, Grain Shifter
Controllers:
• Keyboard : Variable width (22, 26, or 29 keys)
• Kaoss Pad : 2 units
- Performance pad : Key/Scale (31 types) settings
- Parameter control pad : X-Y axis parameter settings
Other:
• Audio export function (Bouncing a song or pattern, and Real-time recording a performance: 16-bit/44.1 kHz stereo WAV format)
• Publish and share songs online with the SoundCloud audio platform
• Various template patterns by music genre are included
• Various template sounds by sound category are included
* You will need to register for a SoundCloud account in order to use SoundCloud. Also, when using SoundCloud, you must observe SoundCloud Ltd.'s terms of use, such as the prohibition on uploading songs whose copyright is the property of a third party. For details, refer to the SoundCloud website : http://soundcloud.com
Follow us on:
● Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/korg.iapps
● Twitter : http://www.twitter.com/korg_iapps
Show More...
What's New
● Bug fixes and improvements
An experienced British surfing teacher has drowned in an accident while on holiday in Bali.
Cameron Munro, 21, from Patcham in Brighton, Sussex, died on Saturday while he was visiting the Indonesian island.
The full circumstances of how he died are currently unknown and a postmortem is due to take place.
Munro, who taught surfing for the Algarve surf school and camp in Portugal, was a regular visitor to Bali.
Zara Mata, from the centre, said: “Everybody is just in shock because we were expecting him to come back. He died doing what he loved.
“But he was such an experienced surfer, we are all trying to figure out what happened.”
She added in tribute: “There has been such an outpouring of sadness. He was one of the best people you will ever meet. He was always smiling, always in a good mood. He was very professional as well; the clients just adored him.”
The Algarve surf school and shop posted on Facebook: “It's with a heavy heart that we say goodbye to a colleague, friend, brother and all round great person Cameron Munro. Over the past three years he has been an absolute pleasure to work with and get to know.
“He is going to be a hole missing in our surf camp family. We want to send all our condolences and well wishes to his family and friends in all the parts of the world. We are thinking of everyone.
“We all love you so much, Rest In Peace brother.”
The Pure Spirit surf school in Brighton posted: “This weekend has been the saddest time of my life, I have lost a son, a friend and a warrior. Cam one of the best people you could ever meet, humble, mellow, talented and fun, you touched people all over the world with your mellow soul, I will love you and miss you forever RIP my brother x.”
Tributes were also paid by friends, including Amirul Rusdy, who wrote on Facebook: “You had the warmest, most beautiful soul and it truly saddens me that you have been taken away from us.”
A spokesman for the Foreign Office confirmed it was aware of the death, adding: “We are providing support to the family of a British national following their death in Bali on 19 March. Our thoughts are with them at this difficult time.”
Death in the West Directed by Martin Smith Release date 1976 Running time 32 minutes Country United Kingdom Language English
Death in the West is a 1976 documentary film directed by Martin Smith,[1] which is believed to contain the first recorded admission from a tobacco company representative that smoking causes health problems.
It was filmed by reporter Peter Taylor alongside a team from the United Kingdom current affairs program This Week. The film aired only once in the UK, from London in September 1976 on Thames Television, to an audience of approximately 12 million viewers, before a court order was obtained preventing it from being re-aired.[1]
Content [ edit ]
The film is composed of three different kinds of footage: old Marlboro commercials, interviews with two Philip Morris executives, and interviews with six American cowboys who have either lung cancer or emphysema, alongside testimony from physicians that the conditions were caused by heavy cigarette use.[1]
The film interviews James Bowling, senior vice president and director of corporate affairs for Philip Morris, as well as Helmut Wakeham, vice-president for the company's USA science and technology department.[1] The interview with Wakeham is believed to be the first recorded admission from a tobacco company representative that smoking causes health problems.[2]
Yeah, cigarettes are [...] So what are we to do, stop living? The best way to avoid dying is not to be born you know. And if one avoided doing all the things which are alleged to be harmful to people these days we would vegetate in a mountain cave. Helmut Wakeham (Philip Morris USA) responding to being questioned if cigarettes are unhealthy
Wakeham was also criticised for comparing the ill-effects of smoking to overconsumption of apple sauce.[1]
Lawsuit [ edit ]
Shortly after the film aired, Philip Morris sued Thames Television, successfully obtaining a court order to prevent the film from being shown until its suit could be heard and preventing the filmmakers from publicly discussing the film. Philip Morris' suit accused Thames of both deception and breach of copyright, stating the firm was "sandbagged and double-crossed" into allowing Marlboro commercials to be used in the film, as they thought the film would depict cigarettes in a more favourable manner. Both Mother Jones magazine and The Glasgow Herald doubted this claim, since Peter Taylor had previously made three films for British television which portrayed cigarette use in a negative manner.[1][2] Philip Morris also spent "considerable money" in an attempt to prove the six individuals in the film were not genuine cowboys.[1]
"They sent a couple of lawyers from Kansas City to see me. They just showed up on my doorstep [...] They wanted to prove that maybe other things than cigarettes had caused my emphysema. They were very sly in their questions. [...] They wanted to know how long I had been in the cattle business, was it my vocation or avocation? I've had this ranch 20 years, but they tried to make a big thing of the fact that some of that time I was also teaching school." John Holmes, cowboy who was interviewed in the film[1]
Palmer Williams, then senior producer for 60 Minutes in the US, had expressed interest in airing part of the documentary, and the American Cancer Society had plans to use the film in their anti-smoking campaigns. The court order, however, prevented Thames from selling them the film.[1]
Philip Morris stated they would settle out of court, if Thames returned all the footage of the commercials and Phillip Morris employees, thereby effectively destroying the majority of the film.[1] Although Thames' chances of winning the lawsuit were described as good,[1] the filmmakers did not mount a lawsuit to recover the film, as a defense was estimated to cost £100,000, far greater than the amount of money the company could make by recovering and selling the film.[2] Thames eventually settled out of court, signing a confidential agreement that stated they would destroy all their copies of the film.[2] In January 1979, the original film was reported to be sealed in a London court vault.[1][3]
Aftermath [ edit ]
By January 1979, four of the six cowboys interviewed in the film had died;[1][3] only one was still alive in 1982.[2]
Despite the Thames' having agreed to destroy all copies of the film, both the film and photocopies of the confidential agreement leaked out.[2] Dr Stanton Glantz of the University of California obtained an unlicensed copy, which he screened at a public seminar in May 1982.[2] He also gave a copy to San Francisco TV station KRON-TV, which also aired it that month.[4]
Notes and references [ edit ]
Above watch: The Village of Stirling has issued a stop order to the popular Stirling Haunted Mansion earlier this year, and owners are saying enough is enough and moving out, Quinn Campbell reports.
STIRLING- The Stirling Haunted Mansion is no more.
“We are closed. We are shut down,” said owner Richard Reimer.
Earlier this year, the mansion was issued a Stop Order from the Village of Stirling. It stated that Richard and Glory Reimer were conducting business on residential property not approved by its bylaws.
“The only thing we could do was our mini-railway. We could do nothing with the haunted mansion, we couldn't do Christmas, we couldn't do Easter, birthdays or anything. There was almost nothing that we could do,” added Richard.
The couple gathered over 2,000 signatures on a petition to protest the Stop Order, but they say it was ignored.
Global News reached out to The Village of Stirling, but it refused to comment.
The Reimers say they've had it with the uncertainty and are picking up and moving their business.
“Enough is enough. I'm happy to support some other community, I can support another community just as easy as promoting Stirling, and another community is happy to have us,” said Glory Reimer.
The couple has purchased 20 acres of land in the County of Warner and are eager to get things rolling in time for their spookiest season at the new property called “Creepy Hollow.”
“It's an abandoned homestead, pretty much. Nobody has lived there in years, the house was moved out and all the buildings that are there are kind of dilapidated and it needs some work, but we do have some plans,” said Glory.
As for the Stop Order from the Village, Glory says they plan to fight it and stand up for what they feel is right.
“Totally bullied and pushed right out of town, for what.”
Richard says the new location will still be full of fright, and live up to its name.
“It's creepy. Owls and everything.”
On 16 April 1853, Indian Railway's first passenger train chugged out of Boree Bunder station in Mumbai on its way to nearby Thane.
Carrying 400 passengers in 14 ornately decorated coaches, it was, said a British official at the time, “one of the most memorable days, if not the most memorable day, in the annals of British India…a triumph of mind of matter, of patience and perseverance”.
Fast forward 165 years and work is set to start on a project of arguably comparable significance in the history of Indian Railways: a 350km per hour bullet train system running between the west Indian cities of Mumbai and Ahmedabad.
First mentioned in the election manifesto of India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the country's Prime Minster Narendra Modi hopes the train will help modernise India's vast but increasingly dilapidated railway network and boost trade between the two areas.
“This enterprise will launch a revolution in Indian railways and speed up India's journey into the future,” said Modi. “It will become an engine of economic transformation in India.”
“More than a train”
Gujarat and Maharashtra – between which the bullet train will run – are two of the most economically developed parts of the country, accounting for 27.26% and 25.18% of GDP respectively, according to a 2014-2015 national analysis. Transport links in the area are insufficient however, says analyst and investment advisor Arun Kejriwal.
“We have premium trains running between the two cities in the morning, afternoon and late at night and invariably all of them are packed,” he says. “We also have around 40 flights a day but you often cannot choose the flight in advance and you have to wait at the airport for hours. So there is plenty of demand for it, plenty of movement between the two cities.”
Expected to cost around $14.5bn, 80% of the project will be financed by a ‘soft loan' from Japan, which has a world-famous network of high-speed trains already in place and whose Prime Minster, Shinzo Abe, has a long-standing relationship with Modi.
“Their friendship goes back by around 15 years when our Prime Minister was the Chief Minister of Gujarat,” says Kejriwal.
For both Japan and India, the bullet train is considered to be something of a statement. For Abe, it's an opportunity, says Kejriwal, “to demonstrate that Japan can do things not just in their own country but somewhere else including a developing place like India”. For Modhi, it's also a platform to show the world what the country can achieve.
“It's not just a train,” says Kejriwal. “It's about demonstrating to everyone that India has the capability of putting something as modern as a bullet train in place. India is trying to show that it has the capability and the talent. As we grow, the aspirations of the country are widening and I believe the bullet train signifies this.”
Challenges down the line
The project won't be simple to build, however. On top of the usual technical challenges of high-speed rail, the train – which is expected to cover 650km – will have an underwater component at the entrance to Mumbai around Thane creek.
“Mumbai is an island so to enter the city you need to cross over water,” says Kejriwal. “This complex underwater part is also in an area where the weather can get nasty during the monsoon season. It's not impossible: we know for example in Hong Kong you have an all-weather underground Metro, but it could be a challenge.”
Perhaps the biggest challenge the project will face is the question of legitimacy. Right from the start, when the bullet train was announced, many have accused it of being a ‘vanity project' that India's cash-strapped railway network simply doesn't need.
According to a 2012 report by an Indian Government committee, there are currently 11,806 miles of existing track in desperate need of modernisation while 15,000 people are killed crossing the tracks every year because of poor safety standards.
“The question, therefore, must be, how does a bullet train joining Mumbai and Ahmedabad address any of these urgent needs?” asked economic and political analyst Mohan Guruswamy in an article for the BBC.
Who benefits?
For some, social needs should also take priority. The bullet train will, for example, cost more than India's annual education budget and three times as much as its health budget. “It will be a vanity project, sucking money that could be used for health and education,” wrote columnist Aakar Patel in the First Post.
While Kejriwal accepts these problems exist, he argues the bullet train project will have a positive multiplier effect on the economy, “building something like this leads to many more things happening thereafter,” he says, “For example a lot of the land along the rail corridor is not being used for industrial purposes. With the bullet train they will now be brought into the fold and properly developed. You can't see a project like this in isolation.”
“Any time India as a country wants to do something which would take it a couple of steps forward a lot of the Western world starts talking about poverty and the cost and magnanimity, asking whether it needs it or not,” Kejriwal adds. “When India did the nuclear explosion back in 1990 for example, people started asking why they did and was it necessary. Back then it went through sanctions from a host of foreign countries. But that test gave it the power, the bargaining capability of talking to the world as an equal.”
There are some amazing French Youtubers out there and I've put together a collection of the best funny French youtube channels for you to enjoy and learn at the same time. Just be warned, these channels are amazing, so you could be here for hours…
These guys are brilliant. Their videos are packed full of wit, piss takes, parodies and sketches, each funnier than the last. The French they use isn't too complex and most of their videos have French and English subtitles, making them a great learning tool! Plus, if you are passionate about the environment they state on their bio that they ‘only release 137 kg of CO2 per video, which is relatively huge.' So great news all round.
Here's 3 of their best…
Everything always goes right in movies
A dramatic installment of biscuitgate
The sequel is never as good as the original, but why not!
What do you call a frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Floppe
This channel features a group of friends who create mini sketches featuring loads of dialogue.
The sketches are super funny and perfect for picking up real spoken French and its colloquialisms. The dialogue is pretty fast so it may be difficult to understand at first, but use the subtitles or even slow the video down using the youtube speed feature. The sketches are so short that you can even watch them on a regular basis until you understand more and more of what is said.
Why do French People eat snails? Because they don't like fast food!
Cyprien is a new breed of youtube stand-up comedian and his success is astonishing. He has a staggering 9.6 million subscribers and over 1.3 billion views! WOW. In his videos Cyprien gives his off the wall take on a variety of topics, brilliantly picking apart the things we all do without thinking! (e.g the ridiculous questions on the US visa form).
Most of his videos are pretty short (around 5 minutes) so you can easily watch them a few times over to catch those words and phrases you didn't quite understand.
US visa form, yes that makes sense.
When you start watching a boxset and…
A short film about Mario
What does a frog in Paris eat? French Flies.
Norman is another highly popular youtube comedian of a similar mould to Cyprien. He just trails in terms of circulation but he's just as funny and another fantastic resource for any french learner. Also, most of his videos include English subtitles so you really can't go wrong!
A quartet of NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist polls released Thursday show Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 5 to 14 points in Colorado, Florida, North Carolina and Virginia, with Trump failing to break 40 percent in any of the four.
Clinton leads Trump by 14 points in Colorado, 46 percent to 32 percent, and by 13 points in Virginia, 46 percent to 33 percent. She holds a 9-point lead in North Carolina, 48 percent to 39 percent, and a smaller 5-point edge in Florida, 44 percent to 39 percent.
The surveys show Clinton expanding her lead post-convention in each of the states but Florida. She saw an especially steep rise in Colorado, where she previously led by 8 points.
Although both candidates remain deeply unpopular, Clinton's net favorability rating rose in all four states, while Trump's remained the same or worsened.
“These are supposed to be battleground states, but right now, they don't look that way,” Marist polling director Lee Miringoff told NBC.
The latest numbers are largely in line with other recent surveys of the states, although they represent the best numbers to date for Clinton in Colorado and her best recent showing in North Carolina.
Sales of beer in Britain's pubs, bars and restaurants have fallen by the biggest margin for five years, figures show.
Around 35 million fewer pints were sold in the three months to September compared with the same quarter last year – a fall of 3.6%, said the British Beer and Pub Association.
The organisation warned that pubs will keep on closing if the trend continues, blaming “sky high” business rates.
Beer
Cutting beer tax would support your local pubs and community. Ask your MP to support #CutBeerTax today! https://t.co/atZzAxsIVC pic.twitter.com/aVWLQlf0Gp — BBPA Official (@beerandpub) October 3, 2017
Chief executive Brigid Simmonds said: “When the Government was cutting or freezing beer duty from 2013-15, sales of British beer stabilised, after years of steep decline.
“With sales down this quarter, following the Budget tax hike, urgent action from the Chancellor is needed.
“Beer has had a 39% tax rise in the past decade. With tax rates 14 times higher than in Germany, these levels are unsustainable.
“We need fair taxes for British beer, so that brewers and pub operators can invest in thriving pubs, and take advantage of new opportunities to export more beer around the world as we leave the EU.”
But CVC's ownership and his stewardship – or to many minds lack of, allowing the qualifying debacle to unfold in Australia, with even the drivers in open revolt against CVC and Ecclestone – has come under the microscope once again. This month marks 10 years since CVC bought the sport in what is thought to be the most lucrative private equity deal in history.
It is a deal which has extended years beyond its original design after a failed Initial Public Offering of stock in Singapore. It has seen them dragged into the courts of London and Munich over allegations – denied by Ecclestone and of which he has never been found guilty – that he steered the ownership in CVC's direction by bribing a German banker, and has arguably stifled the sport thanks to a complex system of contracts drawn up in the rush for that aborted flotation.
Yet despite all the controversy, Mackenzie and CVC have made it to the 10th anniversary. It is understood that some of his colleagues are bewildered as to why he sticks with a sport whose chief executive, in Ecclestone, said he would not spend his own money going to a race.
There appear to be two vastly different reasons. The first, which explains Mackenzie's loyalty to Ecclestone, is that the deal has made CVC rich. Or even richer, perhaps. In 2006 they paid around $1.7 billion (£1.2 billion) for a majority stake. Some estimates suggest they have since made between £2.8-3.5 billion. In 2014, turnover was around £1.1 billion, with £630 million going to the teams. Once costs are paid – the teams and race promoters pay most of these – CVC pockets the rest.
But the second reason for Mackenzie's persistence relates to the historic race in Monte Carlo in May. He has fallen in love with F1, in awe of Ecclestone's money-making machine. The 85-year-old helped organise for Mackenzie to buy one of Clark's championship-winning Lotus cars from the 1960s. Clark is an idol to Mackenzie, a fellow Scot.
“Absolutely, 100 per cent he has fallen in love with it,” Ecclestone said. Is he emotionally attached? “Why not? He keeps his business thoughts away from his emotions.”
A new report says that all of Europe's car manufacturers are set to meet a fuel economy target of 95 grams of CO2 per km (g/km) by 2021, except for the Italian auto-maker Fiat, and Germany's BMW.
The new analysis of car-makers' CO2 emissions in 2013 by Transport & Environment, a green campaign group, finds that on current trends, Volvo, Toyota, Peugeot-Citroen, Renault, Ford and Daimler will all hit the cleaner fuel goal early, while Volkswagen and Nissan will make it just in time.
But unless they speed up, Fiat and BMW will not hit the EU's hard-fought over carbon benchmark until 2022 and 2024 respectively, holding out the prospect of a €95 corporate fine for every extra gram that each new car emits.
As both companies sell over a million new vehicles a year, Greg Archer, T&E's clean vehicles manager, told EURACTIV that he thought that the firms would be likely to grudgingly comply in practice.
“However it does indicate which companies are ahead and which still have the most work to do,” he said. “It's significant as some companies still have to make considerable strides in order to avoid the penalties. That will require very significant effort and investment from them.”
The figures, which are based on a trajectory measuring emission-cutting performances over the last six years, show that CO2 emissions from Fiat's fleet actually rose last year, T&E says.
But the analysis does not consider loopholes in the EU's legislation like ‘super-credits' – which can be worth up to 7.5g/km per manufacturer in the 2020-2022 period. The credits are intended to incentivise the production of electric vehicles and hybrid cars, by allowing auto-makers to over-count their emissions-reducing effect.
In 2013, it finds that all European auto-manufacturers achieved their 2015 targets at least two years ahead of schedule, despite pessimistic industry predictions.
In general, the report gives Europe's car industry a relatively clean bill of health. Volvo reduced its fleet emissions by 8%, while Renault displaced Fiat as the manufacturer of the lowest-carbon, most fuel-efficient vehicles.
By comparison, non-European car manufacturers which are on the road to missing the 2021 target include Suzuki, General Motors, Hyundai, Mazda, and Honda.
Foreign competition
Car manufacturers in the EU have often argued that the EU's measures will disadvantage them in competition with foreign car-makers. Speaking to EURACTIV last year, Ivan Hoda?, the then-secretary-general of the European Automobile Manufacturers Association (ACEA) said that the EU's new targets were tougher than those anywhere else in the world.
“There is no other country that has the same targets,” he said, “and consequently, the investment industry will have to make in reaching these targets will be substantial.” Due to the economic crisis, the industry was “not exactly in an economic situation in which it can spend so much money for the investment but we are going to do it,” he added.
Luxury German car-makers such as Daimler and BMW were particular active in pushing Berlin to hold out for legislative concessions over the EU's new fuel economy standards, contending that they were being unfairly singled out due to the 147g/km average emissions of their bulkier car models.
But the new report contradicts this position, attributing the ability of car brands to meet fuel efficiency standards to company strategies, not car models.
“The report shows that most European carmakers are well positioned to hit their CO2 targets, irrespective of the size and type of vehicle they sell,” Archer said. “Industry claims to the contrary have just been scare-mongering.”
After a bruising battle to push through the new fuel efficiency goals last year, the new figures may trip red flags for some environmentalists due to the political lobbying clout of car firms such as BMW, which gave €690,000 in political donations to Chancellor Merkel's Christian Democrat Union party last year.
A babysitter who had sex with an 11-year-old boy has been spared jail after his father, who had formerly been a sexual partner of hers, told the court that his son had regarded it as "a notch on his belt".
The Swindon Advertiser reported that Jade Hatt, 21, "climbed astride" him last November, removed her clothes and then took off the boy's.
The judge gave Hatt a suspended sentence on the grounds that while she was "immature", her victim was "unusually mature", which in his view narrowed "the arithmetic age gap", according to the Daily Mail.
Hannah Squire, prosecuting, told the court that: "The defendant was friends with the boy's father, with whom she had had a brief sexual relationship."
She said that on one of the occasions on which she was babysitting the boy, he was lying down, at which point: "Jade Hatt sat on top of him, sat astride him, took off her clothes and removed his.
"In his words she started bouncing on his private parts. Sexual intercourse took place. According to him it was fairly brief: about 45 seconds. She told him she enjoyed it, he said he had not as it was wrong," she said.
According to the Swindon Advertiser, the boy's father called police after he found a love bite on the boy's neck and texts on his phone.
The father told the court: "I know he told her he was 15. He looks older than his years. He is sex mad.
"He would have been fully up for this experience and in many ways sees it as a notch on his belt and is totally unaffected by it."
Hatt's lawyer, Rob Ross, said his client was "small", "immature", and "clearly doesn't operate at the level of a 20-year-old".
The judge, Tim Mousley QC, accepted this argument, telling the court that the case was so exceptional he could go beyond usual sentencing guidelines. He told the defendant: "Having read everything before me, it was quite clear he was a mature 11-year-old and you were an immature 20-year-old so that narrows the arithmetic age gap between you."
He added: "I have read the comments of the boy's father to the police where he doesn't consider you a typical 20-year-old. I have also read what he has said about the effect on the victim."
About This Game
Key Features
Open World. Explore the mysterious and stylish world of the robotized Mongolia. Search the yurt, take a stroll down the river or head towards the entertainment park - this game has no fences you cannot overcome.
Interactive Environment. Interact with objects - all of them bear a part of the story and most can be used in the gameplay.
Living Characters. Communicate with NPCs. Owing to non-standard emotion display technology where actor eyes video is used, the NPCs in Cradle look as ‘live' ones.
Deep Story. Immerse into learning the thoroughly thought-out story. Every of its detail adds to the storyline, while a short newspaper slip accidentally found in the steppe could completely change the sense of the storyline.
Varied Gameplay. Mix thoughtful exploration quests with bright and dynamic mini-games.
Excquisite Soundtrack. Engulf the atmoshpere of mystery with the enchanting soundtrack of the game. Cradle contains 90 minutes of music including the meditative ambient, synthetic tracks and vocal compositions.
Storyline
Cradle is a sci-fi first-person-view quest designed for the player to explore the surrounding world. The story is built around the relations of the protagonist and a mechanical girl who by quirk of fate found themselves amidst the desert. The player's task is to repair the mechanical body of his companion and solve the mystery of the neglected entertainment park located not far from the yurt together.Thirty years ago in the mid-2040s the sweeping development of neuroscience stirred up the common anticipation of victory over aging and death. In 2047 the scientists of the Neurocopying Institute in Cologne run the first experiments on transferring human consciousness onto an artificial carrier. In the course of experiments a weird previously unregistered phenomenon was discovered - the copies of neurotic system of the test subjects awoken in the computational device began to self-destroy by immersing in a state of deep irrational fear.The discovery of the mysterious phenomenon induced a string of events to have completely changed the society. Dozens of years later the question of the ‘Panic Attack' nature still remains open. We do not know how far the researchers' thought has led them in search of the answer, but we believe it hardly ever visited this Mongolian steppe.Year 2076, Mongolia. You wake up in a yurt amidst the boundless steppes. You neither remember your name, nor are aware of how long you had slept. Who are you? Who is this mechanical girl sitting on the table and what is the number she has on her chest? Nearby there towers the dome of a neglected entertainment park. How did it appear in these desert lands? What has happened here? Look around and try to sort things out. You are to begin on a peculiar and a touching story.
Recipe by Daniel Myers
Ingredients
8 egg whites
1 pint whipping cream
1/2 cup sugar
1-2 Tbsp. rose water
2 pints strawberries
1 cup red wine
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. ginger
Method
Whip cream and set asside. Then beat egg whites until they form soft peaks. Add egg whites to whipped cream and whisk together. Add rose water and sugar - adding a little sugar at a time. This stuff will have a consistency something like Cool-Whip, but will taste lots better.
Clean strawberries and place into bowl. Mix red wine, sugar, cinnamon, and ginger. Pour mixture over strawberries and alow to marinate for an hour or so.
Serve "snow" with strawberries on top and with a couple shortbread cookies on the side.
Source [A Proper Neue Book of Cokery, T. Gloning (ed.)]: To make dyschefull of Snowe: Take a pottel of swete thycke creame and the whytes of eyghte egges, and beate them altogether wyth a spone, then putte them in youre creame and a saucerful of Rosewater, and a dyshe full of Suger wyth all, then take a stick and make it cleane, and than cutte it in the ende foure squsre, and therwith beate all the aforesayde thynges together, and as ever it ryseth takeit of and put it into a Collaunder, this done take one apple and set it in the myddes of it, and a thick bushe of Rosemary, and set it in the myddes of the platter, then cast your Snowe uppon the Rosemary and fyll your platter therwith. And yf you have wafers cast some in wyth all and thus serve them forthe.
Source [The Good Housewife's Jewell, T. Dawson]: To Make a tarte of Strawberries. Wash your strawberries, and put them into your Tarte, and season them with suger, cynamon and Ginger, and put in a littl red wine into them.
Published: October 3, 2002
Home : Recipes : Menus : Search : Books : FAQ : Contact
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2018 Daniel Myers
A British scientist has linked supposed hair samples from the legendary Yeti, or "Abominable Snowman," to a breed of ancient Arctic bears that he says could have survived to the modern day—but other experts say the results need to be published before any conclusions can be drawn.
Bryan Sykes, a respected geneticist at Oxford University in the U.K., this week reported the findings of a yearlong project that aimed to rigorously test hair and tissue samples that were claimed to have belonged to the elusive creature.
"I put out a call for Yeti, Bigfoot, and Sasquatch hairs in 2012, and I received a good response from all over the world," Sykes told NBC News.
One of the most promising samples that Sykes received included hairs attributed to a Yeti mummy in the northern Indian region of Ladakh; the hairs were purportedly collected by a French mountaineer who was shown the corpse 40 years ago. Another sample was a single hair that was found about a decade ago in Bhutan, some 800 miles (1,290 kilometers) away from Ladakh.
According to Sykes, the DNA from these two samples matched the genetic signature of a polar bear jawbone that was found in the Norwegian Arctic in 2004. Scientists say the jawbone could be up to 120,000 years old.
Sykes's findings will be the focus of Bigfoot Files, a documentary series premiering on Britain's Channel 4 this Sunday. (A two-hour special will air in the U.S. on Sunday, November 17, at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT on the National Geographic Channel.)
Still Alive?
Sykes said the fact that the hair samples were found so far apart, and relatively recently, suggests the species that the hairs came from may still be alive.
"I can't imagine we managed to get samples from the only two 'snow bears' in the Himalayas," he told the Associated Press.
Sykes speculated that the creature could be a new bear species, or perhaps a hybrid of polar bears and brown bears.
"The next thing is [to] go there and find one," Sykes told the Associated Press.
Loren Coleman, director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland, Maine, said Sykes's finding could be the "number one story in cryptozoology"—the study of hidden, or unverified, animals—"for the decade."
Coleman, who also appears in the upcoming documentary, said he thinks Sykes's findings likely explain only one of the Yeti varieties that have been reported.
"That's one of the problems with the word 'Yeti,'" Coleman said. "It's an umbrella term for three different varieties. There's the small kind, there's a man-sized type, and then a larger one that is known as Dzu-Teh. I must assume what he's looking at are samples from the larger-sized one that many of us in the field have speculated was a form of bear."
If, as Sykes's findings suggest, the Dzu-Teh is indeed the same species of early polar bear that once roamed the Arctic, it is unlikely to have a white fur coat, as often shown in popular depictions of the Yeti, since it was one of the first polar bears to branch off from brown bears.
That, Coleman said, actually strengthens Sykes's case that the larger Yeti is an ancient polar bear species.
"It's one of the myths of the Abominable Snowman and Yeti that they're white," Coleman said.
"The native people actually describe them as brown and reddish-brown."
Conceivable
Brian Regal, a science historian at Kean University in New Jersey, called the possibility of an unidentified bear species living in the Himalayas "exciting," but said it will be difficult to definitively connect the hairs to the Yeti of legend.
"This is another disappointment for the cryptozoology community," Regal said. "Just because [Sykes] showed that this particular DNA sample is from a bear doesn't necessarily mean that's what people have been seeing. They may have been seeing bears; they may have been seeing something else."
Biologist Robert Rockwell, who has studied polar bears, said he thinks it's conceivable that a bear species has managed to survive in the Himalayas unnoticed.
"It is possible, as Asiatic black bears, brown bears, and even sun bears—or some odd combination—conceivably could or could have historically been in that general region. Since they are [bears], they too would share a lot of the DNA sequences found in the fossil cited," said Rockwell, who is at the American Museum of Natural History in New York.
"Could something like that be in that area and not be seen clearly or captured or collected? It is a huge area, much of which is not densely populated, and except for increasingly habituated individuals, most [bears] are pretty shy. And if there are not many of them, it is even more conceivable."
Need for Peer Review
But Rockwell said he will need to see Sykes's results published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal before he is convinced the hair samples indeed came from bears.
"The claim is based on a really small sample, and the DNA is likely degraded to some extent. Until the sequence data have been published, I am going to be rather skeptical," Rockwell said.
"So many critters share so much of their DNA that getting 'matches' can be an artifact of sampling and will certainly depend on precisely what region of DNA is being used."
Molecular biologist Charlotte Lindqvist expressed a similar sentiment. "I'd like to see the data published and scrutinized," said Lindqvist, who is with the State University of New York's University at Buffalo. She was part of the team that extracted DNA from the ancient polar bear jawbone that Sykes used in his genetic comparisons.
"Before that happens, it makes little sense to me to suggest any links between the 120,000-year-old polar bear and a bear (or Yeti) in the Himalayas," Lindqvist said in an email.
Sykes says he intends to publish his findings. "The project is still going on," he told NBC News, "and the idea is to publish these results in a scientific journal to bring it back into the realm of science."
There's A Gin Advent Calendar With A Shot Of Booze Behind Every Door
There's nothing quite like getting into the Christmas spirit with... well, spirits! Forget chocolate, there's a gin advent calendar and we want one now.
Whoever said that growing up means that you no longer have an advent calendar was wrong. Because advent calendars have matured with us and there's one in particular that meets our needs...
The Ginvent calendar celebrates the countdown to Christmas with 24 shots of different types on gin behind every door.
The gins vary from London Dry to Old Tom, to Navy Strength, Fruit infused and so many more.
So when Christmas shopping gets a little too much for you, there's nothing quite like a shot of gin to calm the nerves.
Okay, so the Ginvent calendar isn't as cheap as your average chocolate number and will set you back around £124.95 if you order it from Amazon. But hey! You can't put a price on happiness, right?
Donnie Dunagan (DOD) and Dana Dunagan (DD)
DOD: I got a draft notice in 1952, Korean war's still going on and I'm gonna do my duty. I think I had 13 promotions in 21 years, as I remember, it was a Marine Corps record at the time.
DD: Did anyone know that you were the voice of Bambi? Donnie: During the Marine Corps? No chance! I never said a word to anybody about Bambi, even to you. When we first met I never said a word about it. Most of the image in people's minds of Bambi was a little frail deer, not doing very well, sliding around on the ice on his belly.
<<TAPE>> Bambi: Mother look! What's all the white stuff?
Mother: It's snow. Bambi: Snow? <<END TAPE>>
DOD: I am a commander in Marine Corps boot camp. Drill instructors, hundreds of recruits I'm responsible for…I just thought to myself, “I don't think I want all these young Marines to start calling me Major Bambi.” And I kept my mouth shut.
DD: When did your comrades find out?
DOD: One Marine learned about it a month before we both retired. I worked for him three times, twice in combat, and I'm one of his guys. A major audit was going on on the base. I am up to my neck in duties. He called me in at five-thirty in the morning, I will never forget it. I go in his office and he says, “Dunagan! I want you to audit the auditors.” I never said a disrespectful word to this man in twenty years, I said, “General, when do you think I'm going to have time to do that?” Then he looked at me, pulled his glasses down like some kind of college professor. And there's a big, red, top secret folder that he got out of some safe somewhere that had my name on it. He pats this folder, looks me in the eye and says, “You will audit the auditors. Won't you…Major Bambi?”
DD: So how has your life been different than you imagined it would be?
DOD: Uh, golly. Well, I have some holes in my body that God didn't put there. I got shot through my left knee. Got an award or two for saving lives over time. But I think I could have been appointed as the Aide de Camp in the White House, it wouldn't make any difference, it's Bambi that's so dear to people. But I, I love it now. When people realize, “This old jerk, he's still alive and was Bambi.” And I wouldn't take anything for it, not a darn thing for it.
Ben Carson finally ended his presidential campaign on Friday, two days after announcing that he didn't see “a political path forward” and long after his once-promising campaign for the Republican nomination had imploded.
The retired neurosurgeon announced he was suspending his campaign in a speech at CPAC, the annual conservative political conference.
“I'm leaving the campaign trail,” Carson said. “I will still continue to be heavily involved in trying to save our nation. We have to save it.”
In a rambling speech, Carson, who justly noted “there are a lot of people who love me; they just won't vote for me”, buried his announcement in between digressions about the late community organizer Saul Alinsky and attacks on the Federal Reserve for “suppressing interest rates”.
Explaining his decision to drop out, Carson said: “I did the math, I looked at the states, I looked at the delegate counts. I simply realized that it wasn't going to happen. And if that was the case, I didn't want to interfere with the process.”
In a press conference afterwards, Carson said he had “probably” decided who he would now vote for but he would not make an endorsement, saying simply he was backing “we the people”.
He did speak fondly of Donald Trump in response to a question from a reporter, noting that “Mr. Trump really does want to be successful. That's a huge part of him. He would feel terrible if he had a presidency that was not successful and he's smart enough to know he would not have a successful presidency if he does some of the stuff he's talking about.”
Carson concluded that Trump would “appoint people who are very, very good and very, very smart and largely stay out of the way” if the real estate mogul was elected president.
The decision marked a fall from grace for Carson, the only Republican candidate besides Donald Trump to have led in multiple national polls since the current frontrunner's emergence over the summer. Carson has also raised more money than any other Republican candidate for the White House.
The mild-mannered neurosurgeon, famed for being the first person to separate twins conjoined at the head, became a prominent political figure in 2013. Then, as the keynote speaker at the National Prayer Breakfast, he launched a furious diatribe against Barack Obama and the Affordable Care Act as the president sat just feet away. The speech turned the 64-year-old African American doctor into a beloved figure among conservatives and fueled his insurgent presidential bid, which began last year.
However, Carson, a first time candidate for elected office, was plagued by a disorganized campaign that never built up the political apparatus necessary to win. There was never the political and press operation necessary to mount a winning effort in a campaign plagued by infighting and in which Carson confidant Armstrong Williams played an outsized role and often undermined paid staffers. But many of the issues came from a campaign where even the candidate admitted that his staffers “didn't really seem to understand finances”.
Much of the money raised by the campaign went to the firms of top consultants, including Mike Murray, who founded American Legacy Pac, one of a number of organizations that have been criticized for raising considerable amounts of money but spending comparatively little on political issues, instead directing most of the money raised to consultants. Before launching his presidential bid, Carson was chair of American Legacy Pac.
Carson's campaign has followed the same blueprint, with most of the $58m raised going back into fundraising costs. The result has raised questions about whether Carson was taken advantage of by his aides. When asked by the Guardian in January if his campaign was a direct mail scam, Carson simply replied: “Not that I know of.”
Carson addressed the issue at his press conference on Friday, saying: “I should have done a better job of monitoring what was going on. I placed trust where I shouldn't have.”
But the retired neurosurgeon seemed unconcerned about his legacy. “I'm not a big legacy guy, I'm going to be honest with you.”
While Carson's campaign was one of the few, along with Trump's, to file complete lists of the delegates they might win in nearly every state, he had little success actually accumulating delegates. Carson has only won eight delegates, in contrast to Trump's 329, and his best state so far was Alaska, where he received the support of 10.9% of caucus-goers.
With his candidacy ending, Carson will take a new role as chair of My Faith Votes, a non-partisan group that will focus on turning out Christians in November.
BERGA, Spain — A large Catalan independence flag hangs from the city hall of Berga, a town of 16,000 inhabitants in the foothills of the Pyrenees. Known as the Estelada, the red-and-yellow striped design with a single star is also visible on almost all the surrounding buildings in the medieval square of Sant Pere, reflecting the depth of feeling about Catalan nationalism in the town.
A few weeks ago, this flag briefly became the flashpoint for a confrontation between Madrid and Catalonia over the north-eastern region's drive for independence from Spain.
Early on the morning of November 4, police arrested Berga's mayor, Montserrat Venturós, at her home and took her to a nearby courtroom to appear before a judge. The 31-year-old was accused of violating electoral laws by flying the Estelada from the town hall during the campaigns ahead of last year's Catalan regional election and the Spanish general election. Her arrest was specifically the consequence of her refusal to obey two earlier court summonses.
Nationalists in the region immediately seized on this as an example of the Spanish state repressing Catalan culture.
Throughout that November day, Venturós, of the leftist Popular Unity Candidacy (CUP), received messages of support from nationalists across the region. Among them was the Catalan premier, Carles Puigdemont, who tweeted his backing to her “and all the elected officials who suffer persecution for their ideals.” Improvised demonstrations were held in other towns and that same morning the separatist Catalan National Assembly (ANC) designed a poster with an illustration of Venturós' face next to the words “You'll never walk alone.” It went viral.
When the mayor emerged, defiant and tearful, from the courthouse, dozens of supporters had gathered to cheer her.
This was just one of many clashes between Catalan politicians and the Spanish judiciary in recent months. The spotlight of nationalist outrage has since moved elsewhere, but Venturós' CUP remains the fiercest expression of Catalan separatism in mainstream politics. Despite its small size, this anti-capitalist party has become a crucial player in the separatist drive — and one which could ensure the project's success or bring it crashing to the ground.
“Fifteen years ago, when we talked about independence, I remember at home my family would say, ‘That's Utopia,'” Venturós tells POLITICO in her office. “Okay, it was utopian 15 years ago, but who would have believed back then that right now we would be talking about a genuine separation of the Catalan institutions and Catalan people from the Spanish state?”
The CUP is part of an eclectic front of secessionist parties that, following elections in September 2015, have been both governing Catalonia and pursuing a so-called “roadmap” towards independence. The other partner in the alliance is Junts pel Sí (Together for Yes), itself a coalition of the center-right Catalan European Democratic Party (PDECat) and the Catalan Republican Left (ERC).
These separatists treated last year's regional election as a plebiscite on independence. When Junts pel Sí won that vote but fell short of a majority in the 135-seat Catalan parliament, the CUP lent its 10 seats as support, but without formally entering the government. Together, these parties claimed their parliamentary majority gave them a mandate to push unilaterally towards independence — although they only had 48 percent of the popular vote.
* * *
Berga is deep in the Catalan nationalist heartland, fertile ground for the CUP's message. In last year's regional election, pro-independence parties accounted for 77 percent of votes here, a figure that does not reflect the situation across the region, with polls showing Catalans to be divided down the middle on the issue.
Venturós, who is waiting to see if she must stand trial, says her decision to hang the flag during two election campaigns was a deliberate “act of disobedience.” She justifies it by pointing to a statement of intent approved by the separatist front in the regional parliament in November 2015, which declared that the independence process “will not be subordinate to the decisions of the Spanish state, in particular the Constitutional Court.”
“When things go badly, when the Spanish state fails Catalonia, [independence] becomes more imaginable for them'” — Enric Juliana, author and journalist
“At some point — and it's going to be quite soon — we're going to have to carry out a massive act of civil disobedience in defiance of the Spanish state in the face of a right that is being denied to us,” she says.
She is referring to the next major stop on the roadmap: a referendum on independence that the Catalan government is planning for the fall of 2017. It has invited the Spanish government of Mariano Rajoy to bless the vote, Scotland-style, but that is almost certain not to happen, meaning the referendum would be technically illegal. While its advocates insist that a referendum victory would trigger secession, Rajoy has deemed such a vote and the entire roadmap unlawful. “Without law there is no democracy,” he told the Senate in November.
“Catalans have an alarm inside them which says, ‘In case of emergency, break the glass,'” says the author and journalist Enric Juliana, who is from the region.
“When things go badly, when the Spanish state fails Catalonia, [independence] becomes more imaginable for them.”
In recent years, Spain's economic crisis and the institutional problems that accompanied it, such as a torrent of corruption scandals and voters' loss of faith in their elites, have set that alarm ringing.
* * *
The Catalan independence movement, Juliana explains, is far from homogenous. There are those who have long believed in the need for a separate state; then there are those who have converted to the cause because of tensions with the rest of Spain over recent years; and a third, more calculating stratum sees the threat of independence as leverage in squeezing concessions from Madrid.
While many in the Junts pel Sí coalition are in the second and third categories, the CUP is firmly in the first. “Independence, socialism and feminism” are their guiding ideals and, unusually for a Spanish party, they have imposed on themselves strict moralistic guidelines, including four-year caps on the tenures of their leaders and frugal salary limits (Venturós receives only €1,400 of the €2,700 she is entitled to each month).
The CUP is also determined not to give ground on its principles. After last year's regional election, the party stood firm on a promise not to support the continuation of Artur Mas of Junts pel Sí as Catalan regional premier and figurehead of the secessionist project. His economic liberalism and the corruption scandals surrounding his PDECat party (then known as Convergència) jarred with the CUP's austere anti-capitalism. A last-ditch accord in January allowed Puigdemont to replace Mas, thus keeping the separatist front alive.
But while privatizations, spending cuts and graft scandals distance the CUP from its secessionist allies, there is consensus on the grievances driving the independence movement.
“We need independence because Catalonia pays a lot to the Spanish state and we get very little back,” says Rosa Prat, a Berga local who is walking past the town hall. “Independence would mean keeping that money here in Catalonia and things would improve a lot.”
It's a common argument, based on the fact that industry-heavy Catalonia is Spain's wealthiest region. Nationalists claim they pay €15 billion more each year to the central government than they receive back in investment; Madrid puts this figure at €8 billion.
Separatists believe the shortfall is visible in infrastructure such as Catalonia's erratic rail network and its health care system. But they point to a broader failure on the part of the Spanish state to understand their culture and language.
One recent example of this was in October, when the Constitutional Court rolled back a Catalan ban on bullfighting which was introduced five years earlier, on the grounds that the region could not unilaterally decide such matters.
* * *
As the Berga flag controversy showed, the courts have become a battleground for the conflict between Catalonia and Madrid. Nationalists point to a litany of areas where political initiatives taken by their own regional parliament have been reversed by magistrates in Madrid, while unionists see a rogue region overstepping its powers. The most contentious instance of this was in 2010, when the Constitutional Court struck down several articles of a new statute granting increased powers to Catalonia, despite the fact the document had been approved by Catalans in a referendum and by the Spanish Congress.
For many, Rajoy's conservative Popular Party, whose legal appeal had led to the ruling, thus enshrined its reputation as “anti-Catalan.” The episode also undermined the faith of many Catalans in Spanish institutions.
As Rajoy has embarked on his second term as prime minister, he has shown signs of wanting to take a less rigid approach to Catalonia.
The judge Santiago Vidal is one of many Catalans who converted to the independence cause in the wake of the statute furor.
Since then, he has become a vocal and controversial figure in his own right. In 2015, he was suspended by the judiciary for having drawn up a draft constitution for an independent Catalan state. More recently, he has become a senator for ERC, the leftist partner in Junts pel Sí. He sees two potential problems for the independence movement: a failure to secure more than 50 percent support in the referendum being planned; and the “unpredictable character” of the CUP.
“From a democratic viewpoint, their role is unquestionable and legitimate,” Vidal tells POLITICO in his office in Madrid, a large independence flag hanging on the wall beside him. “But whether they are convenient and of practical help is quite another issue and the truth is, in many ways they don't help.”
He worries the CUP's radicalism might tarnish the independence movement's image on the international stage. “And nor does it help internally,” he adds. “Because it creates extra obstacles to the already difficult conditions surrounding the development of the roadmap — the process — in a calm, consensual way.”
Tensions within the pro-independence front have become visible on several issues, most obviously the annual Catalan budget, where the CUP has been determined to prioritize social justice.
“Two things are happening in Catalonia at the same time,” says Juliana. “There's the unrest and anger fueled by the economic crisis which feeds separatist feeling, but at the same time that feeds the internal tensions between the pro-independence parties.”
In recent weeks, as Rajoy has embarked on his second term as prime minister, he has shown signs of wanting to take a less rigid approach to Catalonia. He has made a handful of what look like conciliatory appointments, including deploying deputy prime minister Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría to lead his government's management of the Catalan issue. She has pledged “maximum willingness to intensify negotiations” and has started meeting with senior separatists.
But the independence movement is wary of this apparent change of tack, especially given that Madrid's previous toughness has been such an effective recruiting weapon. In La Vanguardia newspaper, columnist Francesc-Marc Álvaro described it as “a way of playing for time to see if separatist feeling dips.”
Such initiatives certainly don't impress the CUP, which is struggling to maintain its purist principles while inching closer to achieving what once looked like no more than a utopian dream.
Dear Sir or Madam,
The House of Embers has long been a place of refuge during the cold, dark nights of the solstice when fearful things roam the countryside. However, the ungrateful have turned their backs on the house—believing themselves protected from the old ways by our modern developments of artificial light and heat. Now, though shuttered for years, there is talk that candlelight has reappeared in the old windows. And some say that slow, beguiling music can be heard coming from within.
The House of Embers has reopened for one exclusive evening to provide comfort and solace during the long nights of the solstice. Come in your best attire to feast, drink, dance, and explore.
While the night may be cold and terrible, long after the fire has sputtered and died, the embers burn on...
ADDITIONAL DETAILS
This immersive, exploratory experience is intended for an adult audience (21+).
Appetizers and Drinks (including some alcoholic beverages) are included with your ticket. Guests with allergies should exercise discretion.
Guests will stand, interact with performers, walk, dance, climb and descend stairs—some without railings.
Guests must sign a waiver prior to entrance.
There is limited accessibility. Please contact james.oneill@atlasobscura.com with any questions.
Please arrive at least 15 minutes before the 8 p.m. start time for check-in.
The location of the House of Embers will be provided prior to the event. The house will only be open one night; please do not share the location or visit prior to the event.
Formal attire please (suits, cocktail attire, Victorian, etc.). Guests in casual clothing will be reprimanded and turned away...
Not appropriate for children or guests under 21.
Event will run rain or shine.
QUESTIONS?
Email james.oneill@atlasobscura.com.
Movie lovers who were unable to make the trek to Utah in January for Sundance may feel better once they see what the Los Angeles Film Festival has planned.
A number of films that proved popular in Park City will screen for local audiences at the Los Angeles Times-sponsored festival -- which offers both specialty cinema and fare that is more commercial. From June 16 to 26, more than 200 films, music videos and shorts from over 30 countries will be shown (including 27 world, North American and U.S. premieres). Organizers successfully moved the festival from its longtime home in Westwood to downtown Los Angeles last year, and this year the majority of screenings will again be held at L.A. Live.
Among the films that played at Sundance are Mike Cahill's upcoming Fox Searchlight release "Another Earth"; actress-turned-director Vera Farmiga's religious drama "Higher Ground"; and "Page One," a documentary about the New York Times. Other Sundance titles are "Terri," "Tyrannosaur" and "The Future." Those are just some of the 18 movies that are part of the festival's Summer Showcase selection. "Senna" and "Project Nim," two popular documentaries at Sundance, will be shown in other sections of the festival.
The festival, produced by the nonprofit group Film Independent, is still keeping the wraps on the movies that will open and close the festival, as well as details on its gala screenings and special programs -- which last year included eventual Oscar best picture nominee "The Kids Are All Right" and the crowd-pleasing "The Twilight Saga: Eclipse."
A number of the films unveiled so far have a distinct L.A. pedigree, including "Crime After Crime," which raises questions about Dist. Atty. Steve Cooley's role in the appeal of a 1982 murder case; "Leave It on the Floor," an African American musical; "L!fe Happens," about some Silver Lake roommates; "Mamitas," a coming-of-age story shot against L.A.'s downtown skyline; and "How to Cheat," a comedic look at an L.A. couple's struggle to get pregnant.
But the movies are hardly all California-centric. The Narrative Competition section features entries from countries including Austria, Iran and Canada. The festival also will offer an International Spotlight program focused on four Cuban films.
Meanwhile, some of the more intriguing titles look to come from the documentary competition. One of those movies, "Once I Was a Champion," centers around the death of Ultimate Fighting Championship star Evan Tanner. Another, "Salaam Dunk," focuses on a group of young female basketball players in Iraq. And "Wish Me Away" documents country singer Chely Wright's decision to come out publicly as a lesbian.
General admission tickets to individual films go on sale May 31. Contact the ticket office for passes, tickets and event information by calling (866) 345-6337, or visit LAFilmFest.com. Check out the full lineup below the jump. ...
From the day she first appeared on our screens as Xena: Warrior Princess, Kiwi actress Lucy Lawless has been kicking some serious butt – both professionally and personally.
One of our most successful acting exports, Lawless can often be seen rubbing shoulders with Hollywood's elite, but she remains true to her beliefs, evident last week when, along with other Greenpeace supporters, she scaled a Shell oil drilling ship bound for the Arctic.
When she's not making news headlines or raising money for sick kids through her role as an ambassador for the Starship Foundation, Lawless can currently be seen on the box in Spartacus: Vengeance, reprising her role as Lucretia.
Here she talks about what fans can expect this season and how the best is yet to come.
What do you love about playing Lucretia?
I love that Lucretia's got several facets of her being operating at all times and at full speed, because the people close to her are the most dangerous. She has to survive and also she has an end game, she has a plan in mind. There are short-term plans and then she has a very long-term plan. You might try to guess it, but you won't. You won't see this coming.
How is Lucretia different in season two?
Lucretia is absolutely bereft. She has lost everything; her beloved husband, the only person she ever loved. She's lost her child, the nuclear family. She's lost her status; she's lost her home; she's lost her mind, or has she?
What struggles does Lucretia face now she has lost everything?
Roman women without a strong male in their lives were lost. It's like a long cold suicide because her only option to make a living – she has no friends to fall back on – is prostitution. I think that would give you three years, five years max, and just a miserable end. These are her options to survive and gain any kind of status. She's going to have to claw her way back. But she's been sharpening those claws for years now, so she'll be all right.
What makes Liam McIntyre such a great Spartacus?
Liam has got the heart of a lion and I think it's his goodness – he's different to Andy, and we wouldn't want him to try to be the same. That's not interesting, not possible. His goodness is at the heart of his hero. That will carry him through the introduction phase. People went crazy for him this year – he is a wonderful human being.
Are boundaries pushed even further this season?
The show is so massive I never get to work with half of them (the cast), because the rebels are off rebelling, as they will. And I'm scrambling for survival in the Ludas, what's left of it. There are whole worlds I never get to visit, but I'm mesmerised. My husband is watching dailies at home and it blows my mind what they are managing to put on screen. It's epic this season; way bigger than the first two and they were huge. We're going to blow the show's horizons wide open.
Do you still get surprised when reading the scripts?
The last two episodes of Vengeance blew my mind. I wish I could tell, I desperately want to tell you about it. I thought that now that my character is bananas that there would be no more sex for me. Wohoo! I thought it was a get-out-of-jail-free card, but sadly, no. But it is nothing like any kind of encounter she's had before. They manage to knock your socks off every single script.
Most people believe governments are not doing enough to give women the same opportunities
When it comes to equality, men and women really do see things differently.
Fewer than half of women around the world believe they have the same opportunities as men, according to a new survey. In contrast, almost two thirds of the men think there is equality of opportunity among the sexes.
The survey also reveals that most people believe their governments are not doing enough to promote equal opportunities for women.
The findings, revealed in a global Ipsos survey, come amid mounting disquiet about the treatment of women in many societies. The Women's Marches, triggered by the inauguration of Donald Trump as US president, suggest this unease is now spilling over into the political arena.
They also follow the publication of the United Nations' sustainable development goals, which make it incumbent on all countries over the next 15 years to fight inequality, including that between the sexes.
Ipsos asked more than 17,000 people in 23 countries whether women have equal opportunities compared with men. Overall, less than half of women surveyed (45%) think they have equal opportunities to men, while six in 10 men think they do.
More people in the UK believe we live in an age of equal opportunities than the global average, yet the disparity between the two sexes was considerable. More than two thirds of men (67%) compared with just 51% of women agree that women have equality with men.
In the US, almost three quarters of men (72%) think women have equal opportunities compared with just over half (53%) of women.
Differences in perception were especially stark in Poland, where 59% of men think opportunities are equal compared with just 32% of women. Other countries with notable differences in perception include Argentina (68% to 43%), South Africa (70% to 47%) and Peru (75% to 55%).
“These results reveal the stark differences in perception between the sexes on gender equality,” said Jonathan Glennie, director of the Sustainable Development Research Centre. “Most women still see their opportunities diminished because of their gender, while men are much less likely to be worried by this. Gender equality is a critical part of the sustainable development agenda and these results show how far there is to go.”
These results reveal the stark differences in perception between the sexes on gender equality Jonathan Glennie, researcher
When asked whether their government was doing enough to promote women's equality, 40% of women said they did not believe that this was the case, with only a third (33%) satisfied with their efforts. In comparison, just under half of men (48%) felt that their government was doing enough, while a quarter (25%) disagreed.
In the US, 60% of men said their government was doing enough, compared with 36% of women. This was the second highest difference in perception between the genders, behind only South Africa.
The public in Poland, Hungary and Brazil are most critical, with around half disagreeing that their government is doing enough. Just one in five women in these countries are satisfied with government efforts on equality.
Views in the UK are close to the global average – just over four in 10 people believe the government is doing enough to promote gender equality, compared with 40% globally. Among men, the figure rises to 52%, while for women it falls to 35%.
But the perceptions of gender equality do not always match reality. India considers itself the most equal of the countries surveyed, with 72% of people saying opportunities are equal between genders, including 68% of women. But according to the UN's gender inequality index, India comes bottom of the 23 countries surveyed by Ipsos.
Steve Young would love to run as far away from ESPN as possible.
But the private equity firm he co-founded in 2007, Huntsman Gay Global Capital (HGGC), is making it difficult for him to leave his post as an analyst on ESPN's “Monday Night Football” broadcast.
The Hall of Fame quarterback, who won three Super Bowls with the 49ers in the late '80s and early '90s, told Bloomberg, in a profile published Thursday, he might have quit his TV job many years ago if his partners at HGGC didn't use his celebrity to invite potential clients to their various stadium suites.
“My wife hates football, and my kids don't really care,” Young told the magazine. “I see myself as a deal guy first. I've put football behind me. Roger Staubach once told me — and I'll never forget it: ‘When you retire, run. Never look back.' ”
Young admitted he puts the minimum effort into his analyst job, spending barely two hours on game preparation and bolting to the suite after he appears on air to try to lock up deals. He said he rarely even watches the game — a negligence you'd think would be a deal-breaker for the Worldwide Leader, which prides itself on its NFL coverage, particularly in Monday's prime-time slot.
Since retiring from the NFL in 1999, Young received his law degree from BYU and has made a name for himself in corporate finance, which has become his passion. He even tries to persuade other former NFL players to get involved with the firm.
“The door's open,” Young said. “It's an educational forum. Come and learn. We're not talking about becoming a deals partner, we're talking about seeing how sophisticated investors act and talk.”
Ever since we first started doing The Amp Hour, we've talked about doing a call in show. After all, the audience is what makes this an interesting community. We're all focused on electronics, right? But we work in various fields or spend our weekends doing a wide range of projects; our differences is what makes the stories interesting.
So now, a year after Tom Magliozzi passed away, we're going to try to honor the Car Talk memory and do a call in show and “answer” some questions our audience has.
Logistics
Call in time: Nov 4th 7 pm EST/4 pm PST , 12 AM UTC (Nov 5th)
, 12 AM UTC (Nov 5th) Call in number: 1-929-AMP-HOUR (929-267-4687)
Toll free call in number: 1-855-967-8699 (Skype users should be able to call without credits)
Information you'll need to give our call screener Gary: Name, including how to pronounce it Location Electronics problem you'd like to discuss with Chris and Dave
What to expect
When you call into the numbers listed above, you will be met with a voice prompt welcoming you to the show. We have a total of 5 call in lines available for callers. If you get a busy signal (remember those?), you will need to try calling in again later in the show. We will record for approximately 90 minutes, but there will also be a message prompt when the show is no longer taking calls.
If you are one of the 5 callers on the line, you will be met by Gary, our call screener. He will take down the information above and answer any questions you might have. Then you'll be put in the queue.
Call In Show Discussion Format
We imagine some of you are asking, “Why do I need to discuss an electronics problem? Why can't I just call and talk?”
Well, we need something to focus on during the show and hearing about one of your recent issues with a project or something you need us to help troubleshoot is a great focal point. We'll pull people from the queue based upon how interesting we think their problem is (motivation to bring interesting problems to talk about).
We're looking forward to interacting directly with our audience members and getting some of those voices on air.
So it's live?
We will not be airing the first call in show live, and possibly none of them. Until we get the hang of it, we will be operating as an edited podcast. This will allow us to ensure high quality and (somewhat) snappy dialog. We'll try to get through as many calls as we can in the amount of time we have for the show. Not all people who talk to Chris and Dave will be guaranteed to appear in the final cut, but we'll do our best to include everyone.
It's an experiment
We very likely will have issues this first time through, but we're excited to try a new format for The Amp Hour. Please consider calling in!
Thanks to Joe Haupt for the picture of the telephone.
“Historically human beings naturally slept in two distinct phases, with a period of wakefulness separating the two phases. There is evidence from sleep research, as well as from the reports of individuals, that this bi-modal sleep pattern, combined with a midday nap results in the experience of greater wakefulness during the day time, than uninterrupted sleep. During that period of wakefulness, the brain secretes high levels of prolactin, a hormone associated with a feeling of calm and well-being.
Historically this time of wakefulness between the two sleep segments was considered a special and even sacred time. Laborers tired from working the fields would have the energy to have sexual relations after their first period of sleep, people engaged in spiritual practices such as prayer, reflection and meditation, and others used the quiet time to read and write. Dreams were more available to be remembered during that time than upon awakening in the morning.” – Source
“The historian Robert Ekirch summarized in his book At Day's Close: Night in Times Past , the abundant historical evidence that humans previously slept in two separated segments. This custom was common knowledge and there are many references to it. Here is an interesting passage from that article;
He unearthed ”more than 500 references to a segmented sleeping pattern – in diaries, court records, medical books and literature, from Homer's Odyssey to an anthropological account of modern tribes in Nigeria.
During this waking period people were quite active. They often got up, went to the toilet or smoked tobacco and some even visited neighbors. Most people stayed in bed, read, wrote and often prayed. Countless prayer manuals from the late 15th Century offered special prayers for the hours in between sleeps.
And these hours weren't entirely solitary – people often chatted to bed-fellows or had sex.”
A doctor's manual from 16th Century France even advised couples that the best time to conceive was not at the end of a long day's labour but “after the first sleep”, when “they have more enjoyment” and “do it better”. Ekirch found that references to the first and second sleep started to disappear during the late 17th Century. This started among the urban upper classes in northern Europe and over the course of the next 200 years filtered down to the rest of Western society. By the 1920s the idea of a first and second sleep had receded entirely from our social consciousness. He attributes the initial shift to improvements in street lighting, domestic lighting and a surge in coffee houses – which were sometimes open all night. As the night became a place for legitimate activity and as that activity increased, the length of time people could dedicate to rest dwindled.” – Source
Some people might think they can simply wake up and go back to sleep, but this does not yield good results. Without at least an hour and a half awake between segments, the body treats the two segments as one interrupted monophasic sleep the hormonal surge and sleep regulation does not happen. Jessica Gamble suggests that most people will spend two hours awake between segments, some people may be awake for more or less. Perfect timing doesn't matter for this kind of schedule, not as much as other more hardcore schedules, so don't worry about one or two nights that don't allow you to sleep as you planned. But as always, consistency is healthy. Early to bed, Early to rise, with a few hours awake between, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
It is hypothesised that this segmentation is the origin of the ‘graveyard' hours most humans experience – a sudden and strong wave of tiredness that hits around 3-4.30 AM. It is proposed that this wave of tiredness is caused by a surge of progesterone which causes sleepiness. This is a sign of healthy sleep, and supports the segmented sleep theory, as a segmented sleeper would need a physiological cue to take their second segment of sleep after being awake for a few hours.
SEGMENTED SLEEP AND SLEEP ARCHITECTURE
There are many changes to the sleep architecture when you adapt to segmented sleeping. Normally SWS will be spread out across the night, but it will accumulate in the first three hours of your sleep, usually resulting in higher delta band activity and deeper sleep. Normally choline will fluctuate throughout the night, but when you wake up your brain will start to refill it's banks of choline and when you sleep your second segment you will have cholinergic REM sleep, which means you will have more dense REM and will remember your dreams more easily, and more likely dream lucidly.
Light sleep will usually decrease, and your overall SWS and REM sleeps will increase, so some people may find they sleep less, others may find they sleep better.
SEGMENTED SLEEP AND HORMONES
There is evidence that the prolactin hormone surge associated with regular and stable night sleep segmentation can lead to improved sleep architecture, increasing restorative SWS in the first sleep, and increasing REM in the second sleep.
This prolactin surge in the first segment of the night can be regulatory of the entire day's hormonal secretions! Having a high peak prolactin in the night, and repartitioning SWS into the first three hours of the night will mean there is less prolactin secreted throughout the day.
For the biology nerds:
Prolactin enhances the secretion of dopamine and hgh, which enhances the delta wave SWS. Prolactin also down-regulates sex hormones, so when the prolactin is high and blocking other hormones there effectively is a sex-hormone rebound when the prolactin secretion stops when you wake. When the prolactin stops and the rebound begins, the hypothalamus secretes gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). The GnRH will signal the pituitary gland to produce and secrete luteinizing hormone (LH) and FSH. LH orders the production of progesterone, DHEA kickstarts the production of testosterone (this is why most men get erections in the morning) and the DHEA combined with the progesterone raises body temperature and keeps the body warm at night.
This is all a very, very healthy process, as ideally testosterone is highest in the morning, and prolactin should not be produced in the day unless under very specific circumstances.
Monophasic sleepers will only produce a very small dose of midnight prolactin, or not get it at all, so the entire day's hormone regulation becomes very sluggish, or doesn't work at all! Testosterone does not get secreted until the later hours of the morning… some people will constantly produce small amounts of prolactin throughout both the night and the day to make up for lack of midnight surge which develops prolactin resistance and prolactinema… prolactin interferes with other hormones which results in low testosterone, low estriol, low esterone, and high estradiol which results in fat gain… the dopamine system becomes exhausted and ineffective at producing GnRH resulting in low libido. Many doctors will attribute this to disease caused by general aging, but it could be a result of bad sleeping habits and forced monophasic sleep.
To reiterate, the result of no midnight prolactin surge is constantly secreted prolactin. Estradiol is needed to produce prolactin throughout the day. Estradiol is about 10 times as potent as estrone and about 80 times as potent as estriol in its estrogenic effect, so is there an estrogen-type imbalance and effective estrogen power to effective testosterone power becomes imbalanced. It is most noticeable in women as they age. Not only does high effective estrogen cause fat gain in the belly, and chest areas, but it is also related to many diseases.
TL:DR
Early to bed, early to rise makes a man healthy wealthy and wise… some hours at night and a nap in the day keeps the diseases at bay. Have a 3-4 hours of sleep around dusk, and some sleep around dawn.
A cyclist group in Halifax wants protected bike lanes on South Park Street, the lane would be more than painted lines on the road it would provide a physical barrier — like parked cars or a fence that would separate cyclist from cars.
"That off street option could be really beautiful and we haven't seen a bike lane like that in Halifax before," said Halifax Cycling Coalition executive director Kelsey Lane.
She spoke at a public meeting hosted by the municipality to gather people's thoughts on a new bike lane that would run the length of South Park Street.
About 70 people, both cyclists and non-cyclists, came to the event Tuesday night at the Halifax Central Library.
"We've heard concerns definitely, any time you're looking at a project like this you're trying to balance all the needs of the street," said Halifax's active transportation supervisor David MacIsaac. "Certainly the loss of some on-street parking is a concern."
The public was given a few options to choose from at the session: bike lanes protected using parked cars or installed barriers, off street bike lanes built into the remaining space between the street and the sidewalk or simple painted lines.
Painted lines panned
Painted lines weren't the first choice of cyclists at the meeting.
"As a cyclist, it's hard to get around the city in a safe way all the time. I'm hoping this moves more towards that," said Chris Bernerd.
During peak times, 70 to 100 cyclists use South Park Street. An average of 9,500 vehicles use the street during a 24-hour period, travelling at an average speed of 41 km/h, according to a municipal presentation.
Possible off street bike lane
"Two of the three options really focus on the best in class facility, that protected bicycle lane," said Lane.
The municipality said the installation of the new bike lane, whatever the design, will take place during a planned re-paving project on South Park Street in two to three years.
VANCOUVER -- The City of Vancouver plans to develop a new website in a bid to tackle the growing issue of vacant homes.
It will be a digital service where the public can report vacant homes "in a coherent fashion," according to a memo from the city's chief housing officer, Mukhtar Latif, which was made public Sunday.
Addresses of empty residences will be matched up with BC Hydro data, the memo adds.
“There is significant public interest in the issue of homes being left vacant given affordability challenges across the housing continuum and very low rental vacancy rates together with the impact on vibrancy of neighbourhoods," wrote Latif.
Latif has identified reasons why homes are being left vacant in a list that shows how difficult it is to get a handle on this hot topic.
In the memo sent to the mayor and council, the following factors were listed:
* Development timing (housing units that are vacant prior to demolition or following new construction pending sale and initial occupation).
* Property is in the process of being rented or sold.
* Property has been vacated in anticipation of being renovated.
* “Flipping” (housing units that are bought, renovated, and sold in a short period of time, with no real ability for rental prior to sale).
* Domestic investment property – pending decision whether to rent or leave vacant for a later sale.
* International investment property — pending decision whether to rent or leave vacant for a later sale.
* Probate.
* Hoteling (owner works in the city but has a long commute so has purchased a property to reside in during the week and is in primary residence at other times).
* Sabbatical/Snowbirds (through work, retirement or other reasons, owner is traveling or working abroad.
* Owner is in hospital or in care.
While there is some limited research about empty condos, Latif said “we have had difficulty in identifying data sources that can provide the exact numbers of vacant single family homes, length of time properties are being left vacant and reasons for why they are vacant."
His memo said the City is seeking a consultant to help it investigate and applications for the RFP close on May 12.
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo.
The latest transfer rumours from around the world.
Things change in the blink of an eye in football. The Football Whispers Index takes the latest transfer rumours and gives them a score out of five; the higher the score, the more realistic and reliable the whisper.
Here are today's top five emerging whispers for the summer. And keep an eye on Transfer Talk for all the latest gossip.
Things change in the blink of an eye in football. The Football Whispers Index takes the latest transfer rumours and gives them a score out of five; the higher the score, the more realistic and reliable the Whisper.
Here are today's top five emerging whispers.
Andrea Belotti to AC Milan
Milan, not content with eight signings, are set to continue their summer of spending and Chelsea transfer target Belotti is next on their hit list. Tuttomercatoweb claim the arrival of centre-back Leonardo Bonucci from Juventus, who happens to be Belotti's son's favourite player, puts them in the driving seat for his signature. Milan have already offered a player-plus-cash deal amounting to £35 million as well as Torino targets Gabriel Paletta and M'Baye Niang.
Juan Foyth to Tottenham Hotspur
Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino has been in talks with Estudiantes president, former Manchester United and Chelsea midfielder Juan Sebastian Veron, over the potential arrival of Foyth. The pair, who were teammates for Argentina, have held talks in London with Spurs eager to bring the 19-year-old centre-back to the club. Sky Sports believe an £8m deal is close but the player's arrival would be subject to him being granted a work permit.
Gonzalo Higuain to Chelsea
According to Tuttosport, Chelsea have seen an £88m bid rejected by Juventus for striker Higuain. Antonio Conte is in the market for a striker after falling out with Diego Costa and having seen Manchester United steal Romelu Lukaku from under their noses. Transfer target Alvaro Morata has pledged his future to Real Madrid for now and Andrea Belotti looks to favour a move to Milan. Undeterred by the rejection, the report goes on to claim Conte is determined to bag for the former Napoli star and will raise his offer.
Andre Carrillo to Watford
Reports in Portugal suggest Watford are lining up a loan move for Benfica winger Carrillo. Record report that boss Marco Silva is keen to reunite with the player he managed during his season at Sporting Lisbon and that the club would be prepared to loan him for a fee of €1m. Watford were earlier linked with Lazar Markovic, another former Benfica winger, but Liverpool rejected their offer and it appears the Vicarage Road club have now started to look elsewhere.
Loic Remy to Everton
Everton have emerged as favourites to sign Chelsea striker Remy. Sky Sports claim that Everton, along with Marseille and Southampton, are keen on the French international forward, who will be allowed to leave Stamford Bridge after failing to establish himself as a first-teamer. After the departure of £75m Romelu Lukaku to Manchester United, Ronald Koeman is in the market for goals and Remy, when given the opportunity, knows where the back of the net is.
Everything that keeps me together is falling apart
I've got this thing that I consider my only art of fucking people over.
My boss just quit the job
Says he's goin out to find blind spots and he'll do it.
The 3rd planet is sure that they're being watched
By an eye in the sky that can't be stopped.
When you get to the promise land
Your gonna shake that eyes hand.
Your heart felt good
It was drippin' pitch and made of wood.
And your hands and knees
Felt cold and wet on the grass to me.
Well, outside naked, shiverin' looking blue, from the cold
Sunlight that's reflected off the moon.
Baby c** angels fly around you
Reminding you we used to be three and not just two.
And that's how the world began.
And that's how the world will end.
Well, a 3rd had just been made and we were swimming in the
Water
Didn't know then was it a son was it a daughter.
When it occurred to me that the animals are swimming
Around in the water in the oceans in our bodies
And another had been found another ocean on the planet
Given that our blood is just like the Atlantic.
And how.
Well, the universe is shaped exactly like the earth
If you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were.
And the universe is shaped exactly like the earth
If you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were.
The universe is shaped exactly like the earth.
Your heart felt good
It was drippin' pitch and made of wood.
And your hands and knees
Felt cold and wet on the grass to me.
Well, outside naked, shiverin' looking blue, from the cold
Sunlight that's reflected off the moon.
Baby c** angels fly around you
Reminding you we used to be three and not just two.
And that's how the world began.
And that's how the world will end.
Well, a 3rd had just been made and we were swimming in the
Water
Didn't know then was it a son was it a daughter.
When it occurred to me that the animals are swimming
Around in the water in the oceans in our bodies
And another had been found another ocean on the planet
Given that our blood is just like the Atlantic.
And how.
Well, the universe is shaped exactly like the earth
If you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were.
And the universe is shaped exactly like the earth
If you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were.
The universe is shaped exactly like the earth.
Everything that keeps me together is falling apart
I've got this thing that I consider my only art of fucking people over.
Charles Irving Thornton (January 20, 1841 – March 12, 1842) was an American infant from the state of Virginia. His tombstone, located in Cumberland State Forest in Cumberland County, Virginia, is listed on the Virginia Landmarks Register and the National Register of Historic Places as one of only two gravestones in the world, and the only one in the United States, known to exist with an epitaph by Charles Dickens.
History [ edit ]
Charles Irving Thornton was the son of Anthony and M. I. Thornton of Cumberland County. He died on March 12, 1842, at the age of 13 months and 19 days. A Dr. Deane was attending to the child, and upon his death was moved to write to Dickens to request an epitaph to be placed on the child's grave. Dickens had recently visited Virginia as part of his tour of the United States, but by mid-March had moved on to Ohio. The author's reasons for complying with the doctor's request remain unclear, especially given the extreme distaste that he expressed toward Virginia's continued economic dependence on slavery; to explain his possible motivations, some historians have attempted to establish a genealogical link between Dickens, the Thorntons, and Washington Irving.
Thornton's grave may still be visited today; it is in a difficult-to-find area of the state forest, but park rangers are willing to direct people to the site.
Epitaph [ edit ]
The epitaph was edited slightly from the one provided by Dickens. It reads:
THIS IS THE GRAVE
of
a Little Child
whom God in his goodness
Called to a Bright Eternity
when he was very young.
Hard as it is
For Human Affection
To reconcile itself
To Death
In any shape
[and most of all, perhaps
at First
In this]
HIS PARENTS
Can even now believe
That it will be a Consolation to them
Throughout their lives
and when they shall have grown old
and grey
always to think of him
as a Child
IN HEAVEN
"And Jesus Called a little Child unto
him, and set him in the midst of them."
He was the son of ANTHONY and M.I. THORNTON
Called CHARLES IRVING.
He was born on the 20th day of January 1841,
and he died on the 12th day of March 1842.
Having lived only 13 months and 19 days.
Just like every early stage startup, we have to manage in the best possible way our two most precious resources: Time and Money.
And just like every other early stage startup, we crave market validation of our idea, even though our product is still in its infancy (in our case, in private beta) by onboarding beta testers to get feedback and fine tune our product/market fit.
The startup I'm currently working on, Ohmygeorge.com, is a financial markets game simulation for wannabe traders (i.e. falls in the consumer app category) and one of the quickest/cheapest ways to acquire an initial bunch of beta testers is by using early adopters “providers”, the most famous one being Betalist.co.
So, I was very excited at first when I submitted my startup and received the first email from them:
Ok, money is a resource we value more than time as it is now, so I decided to wait two-months for the free listing.
2 months later, we were nowhere to be found on BetaList. I was starting to get worried.. Big hopes of getting my first beta users — and first users through them, fantasizing about a hockey-stick growth. I read so much good feedback from people using their services:
Here: https://medium.com/@marinmedak/a-hardware-startup-betalist-and-product-hunt-a98960f6f6ec#.3uabu1t2c
Here:https://medium.com/@kuoll/4-reasons-you-should-go-to-betalist-first-600f99f69bfb#.4a6lczkf0
Here : https://medium.com/@kuoll/4-reasons-you-should-go-to-betalist-first-600f99f69bfb#.4a6lczkf0
Exciting for a startup right?
So I contacted their help center to have an update on the situation. I was sad to receive this email:
Email from BetaList
“We accidentally sent you an email” wuttt (can you feel the burn?)
Betalist guidelines:
I had of course read the guidelines before submitting our startup's landing page, so I had built it from scratch using bootstrap and a custom design.
Takeaways:
I hope BetaList isn't becoming too greedy and losing focus on their mission of bringing easy market validation / first real users / beta tester/ to genuine startups, and I will remember for my own startup never to deviate from the mission we chose (unless we choose a new one that is ^^) It felt terribly deceptive to first get accepted, then later on to be told it was by mistake, and finally to be unfairly disqualified (ok, that's my perception, maybe I am missing something here, but still). As a customer I am very less likely to recommend their service now. So, for my own startup, I will remember that when I screw up, it's important to take responsibility for my mistakes and make things right for the customer. In the case of Betalist, it would have meant publishing my landing page anyway (so ok, as per their criteria, for once the quality of their selection would have been lower that one time). And I would go even further, for this kind of specific event, I would remember to communicate with the customer in a very personal manner rather than using generic emails: it makes the customer think that either the service provider doesn't give a damn or that this kind of mistake happens regularly…
As I have never used BetaList, I'd be interested in getting more feedback on the experiences you have had with BetaList :
Did you have to pay to get featured?
What was the acquisition rate from the traffic coming from them?
Did the beta testers bring some value to your testing (i.e. were they relevant)?
When you eventually launched, did they convert into real users?
Note: our launch strategy for ohmygeorge.com is not just merely centered on BetaList, this is purely me trying to figure out the ins and outs of growth hacking. I still hope we will get listed on BetaList soon so that I can draw some interesting statistics on the leads we've obtained.
Feel free to check us out here (as you kinda understood, we are looking for beta testers): ohmygeorge.com
Instead of being gouged on the prices for old drugs, Americans could import certain meds from Canada if a bipartisan group of senators gets their way.
Sens. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and John McCain, R-Ariz., are pushing President Donald Trump's new Department of Health and Human Services Secretary, Tom Price, to authorize cheap drug imports under strict circumstances.
.@ChuckGrassley, @SenJohnMcCain, & I called on @SecPriceMD to support importation of safe Canadian Rx drugs to help lower US prices. — Amy Klobuchar (@amyklobuchar) February 15, 2017
Their bill, the Safe and Affordable Drugs from Canada Act, would require the FDA to set up a “personal importation program” to allow individuals to import 90-day supplies of their meds from Canadian pharmacies.
Free Daily Newsletter Like this story? Subscribe to FiercePharma! Biopharma is a fast-growing world where big ideas come along daily. Our subscribers rely on FiercePharma as their must-read source for the latest news, analysis and data on drugs and the companies that make them. Sign up today to get pharma news and updates delivered to your inbox and read on the go. SUBSCRIBE NOW
As the senators point out in their letter, a 2003 law allows the FDA to authorize imports in certain circumstances. First, though, the HHS secretary must sign off that they "pose no additional risk to the public's health and safety and would result in a significant reduction in the cost" for consumers."
To qualify for importation, the senators' proposal would require products to be off patent or no longer marketed in the U.S. by the original developer. They'd need to be free of direct competition and to have seen a “significant, unexplained” price hike. The imported product would also need to be produced by a reputable company. The bill additionally calls for fast-track FDA reviews of competing drugs.
On the safety point, pharma's trade group is pushing back. In a statement to FiercePharma, PhRMA pointed to a Drug Enforcement Administration report last year that concluded counterfeit fentanyl from China made its way to the U.S. through Canada and Mexico, worsening the current opioid crisis. Imports “would exacerbate these threats,” a PhRMA spokesperson said.
Imported drugs wouldn't “be subject to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's robust safety requirements, and there would be no way to trace the country of origin for the imported products. Even Canada has said it does not and would not be able to guarantee that U.S. citizens would receive products that are safe, effective and of high quality,” PhRMA's spokesperson said. “Guaranteeing patient safety is crucial, and we must have policies that ensure patients safely have access to the medicines they need.”
The U.S. senate voted down a Canadian drug importation bill proposed by Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., earlier this year. Thirteen Democrats voted against the measure and 12 Republicans supported Sanders' idea. Among the Republicans voting for the measure were McCain and Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who backed parallel new-drug approvals during his run for the presidential nomination.
Following that vote, Sanders told USA Today that some of his Democratic colleagues didn't have the “guts” to stand up to pharma's interests. CNBC's Jake Novak wrote afterward that the vote outlines new "battle lines" in pharma's pricing war.
Klobuchar, Grassley and McCain's proposal is identical to importation guidelines set out by the latter two senators back in 2015. But this time, they might find support from Trump, who endorsed drug importation on the campaign trail.
Both Klobuchar and Sanders have committed to working with Trump's administration to reduce high drug costs.
RAW Video: Cops beating an innocent Mexican - May 7, 2010 -A Seattle police officer offered a tearful apology after being caught on camera kicking an innocent man and using a racial epithet.The video shows a group of officers standing around three men who are lying on the ground. Seattle Police Detective Shandy Cobane shouts, "I'm going to beat the [expletive] Mexican [expletive] out of you homey! You feel me?"Cobane later kicks the man in the head and another cop kicks him in the hand.The detective sobbed as he gave a news conference on Friday to apologize to the Latino community, his colleagues and the city of Seattle."I know my words cut deep and were very hurtful," Cobane said. "Please know that I am truly, truly sorry."The video was shot by a freelance videographer at around 2 a.m. on April 17.The incident in question took place as officers were investigating an armed robbery in Seattle's Westlake neighborhood. The 911 call reporting the crime had described the suspects as Hispanic.The man attacked was not involved in the robbery. After officers let him go, the freelance videographer asked the unidentified man why he had been beaten."I don't know. They knocked me down and kicked me in the head," he responded.Cobane and another officer have been placed on administrative leave. The city's police department is carrying out an internal investigation, according to the Times.Seattle police learned of the event a few days after the incident, and launched the investigation soon after, according to the AP.Cobane, a 15-year veteran of the police force, said he never imagined he would "do anything to bring such notoriety to my department. Sadly, I did."
Jeff Hart, the T-130 drill operator from Denver, Colo., embraces Elizabeth Segovia, sister of trapped miner Dario Segovia Rojo, at the San Jose mine on Saturday. ((Roberto Candia/Associated Press) )
The 33 trapped Chilean miners may start coming to the surface as early as Tuesday, the country's mining minister said Saturday after rescue workers finished drilling an escape shaft.
"The latest communication we've had from the miners is that they are in great spirits and relaxed," Mining Minister Laurence Golborne said. "As for the timing, we hope to begin rescuing on Tuesday or Wednesday."
The men have been in the San Jose gold and copper mine under the Atacama Desert, 700 kilometres north of Santiago, since Aug. 5 — longer than any miners who ever survived a cave-in.
Golbourne said the first priority is to encase the first 96 metres of the escape shaft with steel because that part of the rock is loose and may collapse.
A doctor will be sent down the shaft to examine the miners and will determine, based on physical condition, who should be sent up first.
The miners will be taken to the surface in special capsules just wider than a man's shoulders.
The drill's success was announced earlier Saturday with the blast of a siren that prompted cheers, tears and embraces across "Camp Hope," where families of the miners have kept vigil since the disaster began.
This image taken from a video and released by the Chilean government on Aug. 29, shows some of the trapped workers in the San Jose mine. ((Associated Press))
Drilling went on for 33 days
The "Plan B" drill won a three-way race against two other drills to carve a hole wide enough for an escape cage to pull the miners out one by one.
While "Plan A" and "Plan C" stalled after repeatedly veering off course, the "Plan B" drill reached the miners at a point 622 metres below the surface at 8:05 a.m. local time, after 33 days of drilling.
They survived for more than two weeks on meagre rations before they were discovered in the underground chamber. A few days later, officials were able to send them food, water and medicine through small boreholes.
A small video camera was also lowered into the chamber, allowing miners to send images of themselves to their families.
Once the miners are brought to the surface, they will be examined at a field hospital where they can briefly be reunited with up to three close relatives, officials said.
Then they'll be flown by helicopter in small groups to the regional hospital in Copiapo, where they will use a wing of 33 fresh beds for at least 48 hours.
Only after their physical and mental health is thoroughly examined will they be allowed to go home.
The art of translation is usually a semi-invisible one, and is generally thought better for being so. A few translators' names are familiar to the amateur reader—we know about Chapman's Homer, through Keats, and Richard Wilbur's Molière is part of the modern American theatre—but mostly translators struggle with sentences for even less moment (and money) than other writers do. One key exception to this rule is C. K. Scott Moncrieff (1889-1930), whose early-twentieth-century English version of Marcel Proust's masterpiece, “À la Recherche du Temps Perdu,” has been a classic in our own language since the day of its first publication. Newly published volume by newly published volume, working almost as a simultaneous translator, Moncrieff inserted Proust into the English-speaking reader's consciousness with a force that Proust's contemporaries in continental languages never really got. Mostly thanks to Moncrieff, Proust is part of the common reader's experience in English. John Middleton Murry, in an early review, wrote, “No English reader will get more out of reading ‘Du cote de chez Swann' in French than he will out of reading ‘Swann's Way' in English,” and amateur book readers, for whom other works of mega-modernism—“The Man Without Qualities,” or “Buddenbrooks”—remain schoolwork, still read Proust. Everybody tries to climb Mt. Proust, though many a stiff body is found on the lower slopes, with the other readers stepping over it gingerly.
But the ease of Moncrieff's translations also started a fistfight, ongoing, about whether his Proust is Proust, near Proust, Anglicized Proust, or not Proust at all. That Moncrieff called Proust's book “Remembrance of Things Past,” borrowing from Shakespeare, rather than anything close to a literal rendering of the title “In Search of Lost Time,” is typical of what the translation's detractors kvetch about to this day. The first full-length biography of Moncrieff is now out, written by Jean Findlay and bearing the cumbersome title “Chasing Lost Time: The Life of C. K. Scott Moncrieff, Soldier, Spy, and Translator.” And though it occasionally makes one wish that the old form of the brief life would come back into fashion (Moncrieff was an interesting man who led an exceptional life, but he was not that interesting nor that exceptional) the book still helps us see how someone who was not even particularly expert in the original language managed to make a great French book into a great English one.
Moncrieff, who was Uranian, as the self-designation was then, emerged from the élite boarding school Winchester College and Edinburgh University into that strange half-lit, prewar world of London homosexuality after the Wilde trial. It's frequently said, in popular literature, that after Wilde's imprisonment the gay literary establishment fled or was frightened into silence, but judging from the evidence assembled here, and in other memoirs of the period, that isn't quite so. The Wilde circle persisted, more or less openly Uranian, though less expansively self-confident, and came to produce respectable figures such as Moncrieff's intimate friend Edward Marsh, who was Winston Churchill's private secretary, and who was hardly “out,” but was, in his serial infatuations, not exactly in, either. These men were inside the closet, certainly, but it was a bigger and better panelled one than many before or since—and a closet that big and that well panelled is really more like a private club.
It is good to be reminded, too, that the mood and spirit of the circle was not remotely radical but rather cautiously reactionary and happily militaristic: the alternative to Uranian love was not socialism but Catholicism, of the kind to which Wilde himself succumbed in the end. (The link lies in aestheticism: if you live for lovely, the Catholic rite has all others beat.) Edward Marsh, Compton Mackenzie, Reggie Turner, and Noël Coward—the politburo_ _of what W. H. Auden called the Homintern—attended Moncrieff's farewell lunch when he left for Italy, in the nineteen-twenties. The group's secure social position did not guarantee an absence of persecution, but it tended to keep the persecution from becoming regularly renewed. The rules of the game were as complex, to an outsider, as the rules of cricket—but they knew how to play that game, too. (On the other hand, Moncrieff fled to Italy in part because he wanted sex without the police.)
At one moment, Moncrieff writes to Marsh to ask if he could “stop them [i.e., the government] from prosecuting me if I translate Sodom et Gommorhe,” the most overtly “gay” volume in Proust's book. Then, two sentences later, he writes, “I am seriously delighted that Winston has returned to power and hope to see him prime minister.”
The picture of the times that Moncrieff's life provides is interesting, but what matters most is the book he made from the book he found. He began translating Proust in 1919, after returning with a serious leg wound from what was called “gallant service” in the war. In a spirit very nearly casual, he interspersed his translations of the later volumes with a great deal of other work. What made his Proust translation so superior—so much so that Joseph Conrad could actually say that he thought Moncrieff was a better translator than Proust was a writer?
Proust himself, in a cranky letter of thanks, put his finger on the conventional complaint about Moncrieff's version—which was that Moncrieff tended to smooth out or sweeten certain knotty or perverse moves in Proust. The question of the first volume's title captures the issue: “Du Cote de chez Swann” is a weird construction in French, meaning more or less “The Way by Swann's Place.” Proust's own advice for improving on Moncrieff's title is, in a way, perfectly right—he said that you only need to add a “to”: “To Swann's Way.” But that wouldn't sound right in English. “To Swann's Place” is closer. But, ultimately, “Swann's Way” is_ _the simplest choice and has the right kind of nimbus. The place isn't the subject; Swann is. Moncrieff, though off, is actually on, and on without being too self-consciously poetic in the pursuit.
One other, I think significant, aspect of the translation that the biography illuminates is the intertwining, in Moncrieff's imagination, between the materials of Proust and the related—slightly different, but related—rhythms of Henry James. James's direct influence on Proust is debated; certainly James disliked what he read of the French writer. But in Moncrieff's mind Proust and James always seem to come up together, to get twinned—and not James's novels so much as his occasional writing and non-fiction. Opening James's letters, Moncrieff remarks that it is “a book that fills the emptiest winter room with the warm breath of intimate communicative people.”
And, indeed, the tone and syntax of the first volume of James's memoir, “A Small Boy And Others,” which was published in 1913, is startlingly, at times eerily, like that of the young narrator in Moncrieff's Proust—there is the same small boy of uncanny maturity, who for all his nuanced scruples, still has the interests (such as playing in the park) of a small boy.
James's is a very odd kind of autobiography where, as often happens in Proust, there is no obvious hierarchy of incidents: anything remembered matters. It's a memoir whose chief subjects are memory itself and the relationship of the child to the man—or to men, as Henry constantly defers to his brother William, whom he presents as an intimidating pillar of superior sense. “If in my way I collected the new,” he says, bashfully, contrasting himself with his more active brother, “as well I yet cherished the old; the ragbag of memory hung on its nail in my closet, though I learnt with time to control the habit of bringing it forth. And I say that with a due sense of my doubtless now appearing to empty it into these pages.” To this ear, at least, echoes of James's memoirs are everywhere in Moncrieff's Proust, with an abundance of particularized memory that is held in a sort of solution of nostalgia, so that the act of memory is as evident as the thing remembered, as when James writes of the simple delivery of summer fruit in early nineteenth-century New York:
Why the throb of romance should have beat time for me to such visions I can scarce explain, or can explain only by the fact that the squalor was a squalor wonderfully mixed and seasoned, and that I should wrong the whole impression if I didn't figure it first and foremost as that of some vast succulent cornucopia. What did the stacked boxes and baskets of our youth represent but the boundless fruitage of that more bucolic age of the American world, and what was after all of so strong an assault as the rankness of such a harvest? Where is that fruitage now, where in particular are the peaches d'antan? where the mounds of Isabella grapes and Seckel pears in the sticky sweetness of which our childhood seems to have been steeped? It was surely, save perhaps for oranges, a more informally and familiarly fruit-eating time, and bushels of peaches in particular, peaches big and peaches small, peaches white and peaches yellow, played a part in life from which they have somehow been deposed; every garden, almost every bush and the very boys' pockets grew them.
Such passages surely echo in Moncrieff's rendering of Proust's voice in that most beautiful section of modern prose, the “Place Names: The Place,” which concludes his first volume:
With admiring eyes I saw, luminous and imprisoned in a bowl by themselves, the agate marbles which seemed precious to me because they were as fair and smiling as little girls, and because they cost fivepence each. Gilberte, who was given a great deal more pocket money than I ever had, asked which I thought the prettiest. They were as transparent, as liquid-seeming as life itself.
There's no way to quantify such things of course—or, rather, there are ways, but none of them is convincing, stylometrics seeming about as reliable as lie-detector tests—but, at least to one who has pushed through Proust twice in Moncrieff's version and once, more laboriously, in French, it can often seem that Moncrieff's note of winsome gravity is more Jamesian than Proustian. Proust, being French, more or less takes sexual avidity of all kinds for granted—as in the famous scenes in which the narrator and Gilberte practice some kind of four-o'clock-in-the-park frottage. James needs to put such human elements more elusively, in inverted commas, and so, delicately, does Moncrieff. Proust could be direct about things that Moncrieff had to fudge—that title “Sodome et Gomorrhe,” for instance, which Moncrieff makes into “Cities of the Plain.” The point and subject is perfectly clear, but disappears just a little into the moist air of euphemism. And what is true title by title is also true sentence by sentence: forced to make Proust a little more elusive and enigmatic and allusive than he is, Moncrieff turned instinctively to James's elusive and enigmatic allusiveness, the English equivalent nearest at hand. Beginning in a desire to placate English Puritanism, the little cloud of Jamesian evasion extended, charmingly, elsewhere in the book. Fudge is sweeter than straightforwardness, if also always a little more cloying. Euphemism and sublimation were habits of the English aesthetes more than of the French ones—the Gallic taste is for abstraction and ellipsis instead—and this lends a particular poetic tone to Moncrieff's translation. (Proust is often abstract and usually elliptical, but rarely delicate.)
The final revelation of Findlay's book is that Moncrieff was far from the perfect Proustian of our imagination. Moncrieff is a lot more fun to be around than his careful sentences might suggest. Recommending that a friend—Wilde's aggressively heterosexual son Vyvyan Holland, as a matter of fact—try his hand at translating Stendhal, he explains, “You can do it straight on to the typewriter without even stopping to masturbate, as in the case of Proust.” (It is not clear if Holland then tried his hand at it.) Elsewhere he writes, of a translation of Abelard and Heloise's letters: “The passage about fornication at Argenteuil you will find on my folios 76-77. They did it in the refectory, apparently, in a smell of stale mutton fat and wine lees.” He had a thoroughly lively time in life, in that British way that is still surprising to our more earnest American minds—he has rough sex on the streets of Venice, spies for the secret service, translates his Proust and Pirandello, goes to Catholic mass, and works for the Tory party, in one big, very British, and happy entanglement of sodomy, spirituality, spying, and sociability. Far from being a Proustian acolyte perfuming the altar, he refused to be remotely pious about the great book he had brought into English literature—if anything, he seems to have generally preferred Pirandello. Proust attracts, perhaps, too much piety; certainly the Proust cult is always an enemy of Proust the writer. By humanizing the priest, we re-enliven the god.
This is Day 1 of my 21-day fast in Feb 2011 and probably the most in-depth fasting series you will ever find online. If you're new to fasting, get the full background here: Fasting Experiment. Access all my articles on fasting: The Fasting Series.
Hi everyone! Today is the end of Day 1 of my fasting experiment and everything is going very well! 😀 First of all, a quick stats update for those who are interested:
Starting Weight : 144.4lbs / 65.5kg
: 144.4lbs / 65.5kg Today's Weight : 141.1lbs / 64kg (-3.3lbs / -1.5kg)
: 141.1lbs / 64kg (-3.3lbs / -1.5kg) Water consumption : 4.3 liters (drank throughout the day)
: 4.3 liters (drank throughout the day) Body Temp: 35.9 C / 96.62 F
If you haven't done so, read my original fasting article to get the full background on fasting and what I'm doing. I've significantly updated the article today with new information on fasting and details of my experiment.
Overall Review
Today went extremely well — better than I thought it would be actually! I did not feel any real hunger sensations throughout the day, so it was really easy to go through the day without food. If every day is like today, the 21-day fast is going to be really easy. 😀 I'm really excited about what's up next. We'll see!
Mental Preparation
One thing that really helped was immersing myself in materials on fasting. I watched a lot of videos by experienced fasters on YouTube today. Some of them fasted for 21 days, one fasted for 30 days. It was interesting listening to their daily accounts throughout their fasts. I feel like I have a very strong idea of what to expect over the next 20 days (granted, everyone's experience will be different), and because of this knowledge I'm prepared to handle whatever comes up.
What's interesting is that a lot of the initial resistance is mental, because as I've mentioned in the original fasting post, unless you're emaciated/thin or have some severe illness, your body has a lot of fat reserves (complete with the nutrients, vitamins, and minerals) that can last you at least 40 days without food. When your body switches from ketosis (burning from fat reserves) to burning from muscles/fat, it'll alert you, where you will switch from not having any thoughts of eating to a sudden intense urge for food. This isn't the feeling we've been conditioned to associate with hunger — it isn't the emptiness of our stomach, stomach growls, or thinking that you need to eat. Real hunger is felt from the throat (not your stomach or your head). Suffice to say most of us will never experience this in our food-heavy culture today, where we eat based on external factors.
Generally I stayed away from seeing/hearing about food today, and also kept out of the kitchen when my mom was cooking in the evening. I think that really helps. If you're fasting, you might find it helpful to keep yourself away from anything that triggers the thought of eating.
Detox – Waiting for it to happen
At this point it's still Day 1, so my body is probably still burning glucose and possibly glycogen (in liver and muscles) for energy. It's only in Days 4-5 when ketosis kicks in, and this is supposedly the hard part because that's when the detox symptoms will start surfacing (removal of toxins from the fat cells). We'll see how it goes. I'm listening to my body throughout the whole process and will let it guide me on what to do / what not to do.
One way to tell when you're detoxing is to see the color of your tongue. If it's white, that means your body is trying to purge out toxins in your body. When one enters ketosis, the white coating on the tongue will get thicker and thicker as the body purges out more and more toxins. At one point when the purging is almost done, the tongue will become clear (like pink). In one fasting video I saw, the person mentioned that the coating on tongue switched from really thick and white to suddenly clearing up (at this point she had fasted for a while).
Body Temperature
My body temp is 35.9 C. I didn't take my temperature yesterday before I started, though my temperature hovered around 36.5-37.0 C before I think? Normal body temperature ranges from 33.2–38.2 °C, so it's well within the range. I think my body temperature is slightly lower now since my body isn't actively digesting food and I've been largely sedentary in the day.
Weight Loss
My weight at the end of the day is 64kg, so that's a 1.5kg drop from yesterday (65.5kg). I know some of you are probably interested in fasting for weight loss purposes, so I'm going to track my weight throughout this journey too.
Of course, it's important that you totally change your relationship with food and switch to a 100% healthy diet after your fast. Otherwise, whatever weight you lose during the fast will simply be regained after that.
Water Consumption
In total, I drank 4.3 liters of water today, which might seem a lot but it really feels normal to me. I'm not intentionally stuffing myself with water or anything like that. Once again, I'm just listening to my body. Whenever my lips/mouth feels dry, I'll take a sip from my mug. To make things easy I've placed two mugs and one water bottle on my desk (400ml capacity each), so it makes drinking water easy. ^_^*
It's important to keep yourself hydrated throughout the process (even if you're not fasting, as I mentioned in the first tip of my healthy living post) as water helps your body remove toxins.
Fitness
As I had mentioned in my original post, I'm not intending to exercise during this period. At most I'll go for light strolls, that's it. Since the body gets glycogen from muscles during the third stage (before ketosis), it doesn't make sense to build muscles during this period (just to get them burned away later). Exercising will also exhaust yourself and prevent your body from healing properly during this time.
Other Preparation
I've had quite a lot of time to plan for my fast today, even right down to how I'm going to break my fast at the end. I've also created an Excel file with my daily measurements. At the end of the fast, I'll be able to do a graph plot (mainly of my weight) so all of you can see the fluctuations/changes throughout the 21 days.
Otherwise, there's really nothing else to report. I've been getting some work done, prepared for my next coaching session, and am generally enjoying the second day of CNY. *dance* Overall I'm just taking things easy and seeing how things go along.
Stay tuned for tomorrow
That's about it from me for now! Stay tuned for Day 2's update tomorrow. Many hugs to all of you!
Update: Day 2 is up!
This is Day 1 of my 21-day fast in Feb 2011 and probably the most in-depth fasting series you will ever find online. If you're new to fasting, get the full background here: Fasting Experiment. Access all my articles on fasting: The Fasting Series.
The Los Angeles Lakers can set their sights on a very smooth summer with the No. 2 pick in hand. Gone is the pressure to make something happen immediately, instead giving the freshly instilled front office a chance to play their first hand slowly. The No. 2 pick is enough excitement to hold off the fan base for just a bit longer.
The Lakers now have young talent galore, with three lottery picks in hand and a fourth on the way. They also have interesting young role players like Larry Nance, Jr. and Jordan Clarkson as well. Put it together and LA has a fairly nice platter for a team like the Indiana Pacers to pick from if they feel the answer to their looming Paul George problem is to make it another team's problem to solve.
That's what Byron Scott suggested to Mark Willard of Fox Sports San Diego, saying that he thinks the Lakers want to make a splash this summer instead of risking George winding up somewhere else:
Byron Scott on the Paul George situation:
"I think it is a risk if you wait. I think the Lakers would like to make a splash this summer." — Mark Willard (@Mark_T_Willard) May 28, 2017
All signs seem to point to the Lakers wanting to take their time with so many options in front of them. Trade rumors will likely heat up in the days leading up to the NBA Draft on June 22, but Los Angeles is in a position of leverage with George. Magic Johnson has made it clear the Lakers view the summer of 2018 - the year George can walk from Indiana as an unrestricted free agent - as the big opportunity they're preparing for.
Jeanie Buss has also gone on the record about how important the franchise feels about being patient and developing their young talent. That seems to go against what Scott suggests, preferring the team cashes out on the potential of their young assets for the assured services of George for at least one season.
There's some merit to getting player to his destination and giving him a reason to stay after the final year of his contract expires, but then there's Dwight Howard, on the other hand. Moreover, reports indicate that George's camp prefers the Lakers retain their talent for him to make the move as a free agent instead of diminishing their potential by gutting the team to acquire him one season early.
Another day, another George to the Lakers story to pass the time over.
Welcome to the Sunday Giveaway, the place where we give away a new Android phone each and every Sunday!
Congratulations to last week's Google Pixel XL giveaway winner: Sebastian H. (Romania).
This week we are giving away a brand-new Huawei P10!
The Huawei P10 is a sleek device that makes a number of marked improvements on its predecessor. The thin frame packs a surprisingly ample battery, and its high-end specs make it possibly one of the best phones Huawei has launched to date. The only real downside is that you'd normally have to shell out for this baby, but since we're giving one away, that's not something you have to worry about!
Enter giveaway
Huawei P10 International Giveaway!
More giveaways: UE Wonderboom Wireless Speaker Giveaway – soundguys.com
Winners Gallery
A Wayzata police officer was struck and killed Friday on a west metro highway while trying to remove debris from the road.
Officer William Mathews, 47, had pulled his marked squad car over to the side of eastbound Hwy. 12 to remove debris at about 12:30 p.m. when he was struck by a car, said Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek.
Stanek delivered the somber news at a Friday afternoon news conference alongside Wayzata Police Chief Mike Risvold and Minnesota State Patrol Col. Matt Langer.
The driver of the car, Beth Freeman, 54, of Mound, stopped immediately and was cooperative, Stanek said. She was being held Friday in the Hennepin County jail on probable cause of criminal vehicular homicide. According to court records, she has an extensive criminal history that includes driving violations and drug possession.
Risvold, taking a deep breath and choking back emotion, spoke about a family and community in grief.
"This is an enormously sad day, and we pray for Bill and his family," he said.
Wayzata officer William Allen Mathews with his wife and 7-year-old son.
He delivered a short remembrance of Mathews. "He was one of the good ones, for sure," he said.
Langer said the State Patrol will reconstruct the crash and file a comprehensive report, a process that could take weeks. "We'll put it together like a giant puzzle," he said.
Both he and Stanek said their thoughts and prayers were with the Wayzata police.
First responders arrived soon after the crash and began lifesaving efforts, but Mathews was pronounced dead at the hospital, Stanek said.
"This is a tough day for the law enforcement community," Langer said.
Mathews, who had been with the department for nine years, was married and the father of a 7-year-old boy, authorities said.
He graduated from Pine Island High School and went on to attend Rochester Community College. He graduated from Winona State University with a bachelor of science degree in law enforcement. Before serving as a licensed office, Mathews worked as an intern for the Rochester Police Department and as a reserve office for the Winona Police Department.
In 1998, Mathews became a licensed officer with the Zumbrota Police Department. He also worked part time with the Olmsted and Goodhue County Sheriff's Offices.
During his time with the Wayzata Police Department, Mathews was a firearms instructor, a field training officer, and a reserve coordinator, the department said.
A moment of silence
Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo asked those attending his Friday swearing-in ceremony for a moment of silence for the Wayzata officer.
In Wayzata, flags flew at half staff at the Police Department.
"It's very sad. It's very tragic," Wayzata City Council Member Dan Koch said.
The eastbound lanes of Hwy. 12, where the crash occurred, were closed at County Road 6 for several hours, but reopened for the evening commute.
After the crash, a livestream from a WCCO traffic helicopter showed a silver van or sports-utility vehicle with front-end damage stopped on the right side of the road. Its airbags had deployed, and the windshield was badly damaged.
Staff writer Karen Zamora contributed to this report.
mlsmith@startribune.com 612-673-4788
miguel.otarola@startribune.com 612-673-4753
The Turf and Boards has learned that the San Diego Sockers are expected to sign Kansas City Comets free agent defender John Sosa. Sosa was the 5th ranked available player in the T&B Ranks the Top 40 MASL Free Agents.
Bill Althaus of The Examiner reported yesterday that, “Four players have announced they are leaving the team, most for personal reasons dealing with visa issues. They are fan favorite John Sosa, who will play in San Diego, and Ramone and Robert Palmer and Alan Matingou, who will all play for Tacoma.”
Sosa was born in Colombia, but is now a US citizen.
“We hated to lose those guys but understand why they decided to leave,” returning Head Coach Kim Roentved told The Examiner, without naming the players specifically by name.
The Tacoma Stars have already announced the signings of Palmer, Palmer and Matingou on September 14.
On September 25 Sosa announced on Facebook that he was leaving the Comets organization.
Sosa was the top-scoring defender in the MASL last year with six goals and 25 assists in 20 games. He has made the All-MASL First Team twice in the last three years.
The Turf and Boards has reached out to the Sockers for comment, but the team has not responded as of press time.
FILL THE ARENA:
Tweet
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
In recent months the Internet has been buzzing about the prospect of a United Nations "takeover" of the Internet, including responsibility for governance of the domain name system. The concern hit a fever pitch late last month when the U.S. Congress held hearings on the issue. A steady stream of technology companies and consumer groups expressed fears with potential U.N. and foreign government involvement, and members of Congress pledged to take a strong stand against the takeover.
New Rules for Web Domain Disputes read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
While a U.N. takeover would indeed be cause for serious concern, the reality is far more complex and somewhat less ominous. This issue has been festering for over 15 years and is less about whether there will be efforts at governmental control and more about which government controls.
US vs UN
The U.S. government established the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), a private, non-profit entity based in California in 1998, granting it responsibility for Internet governance leadership. ICANN was created with a vision of an open, transparent and multi-stakeholder approach, where Internet users, companies, interest groups, and governments could all participate in the development of policies such as the creation and management of new domain name extensions, the privacy rules associated with registration information, and the development of dispute resolution policies for contested domain names.
The International Telecommunications Union (ITU), a U.N. body, was never happy with U.S. leadership and the ICANN model, embarking on several efforts to assert greater influence over Internet governance issues.
In 1996, it attempted to take control over the management of the domain name system but failed to do so (leading to the creation of ICANN). Several years later, it was the engine behind the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS), which raised the prospect of dramatic change to the Internet governance model and a far more assertive role for national governments. The ITU-backed WSIS initiative had support from many countries around the world, but the U.S. and its supporters (which included Canada) were able to keep the existing system largely intact.
The latest concerns arise from the World Conference on International Telecommunications, scheduled for Dubai later this year. The ITU is rumoured to be ready to take another shot at Internet governance control, a fear fueled by the notorious secrecy associated with the conference documents (the actual proposals were leaked on the Internet last week).
Given past history, there is little reason to believe the ITU will succeed. Yet the issue is likely to recur for as long as the U.S. treats the Internet as its own.
Missing the point
Successive administrations have regularly pressured ICANN on various policy matters, including efforts to get it to drop plans to create a dot-xxx domain (after years of global consultation and the development of a neutral process for approval) and expressed serious reservations with the introduction of hundreds of new domain name extensions. While a multi-stakeholder approach means that governments have an opportunity to express their views on policy issues, the U.S. seems to believe that some views count more than others.
In fact, some of the same U.S. politicians who expressed outrage over the ITU plans only months ago were supporters of the Stop Online Piracy Act, the now-defeated controversial anti-piracy bill that included provisions that meddled with the domain name system.
The current controversy misses the bigger point that Internet governance still lacks a strong, universal commitment to a multi-stakeholder approach that includes governments, business, and civil society groups working together to develop policies that best reflect the views of the global Internet community.
Developing such policies is frustratingly time consuming and difficult – as any policy that implicates billions of people and the world's most important communication system would be. Yet an inclusive and transparent system offers far more than the current unappealing alternatives of either secretive U.N. involvement or U.S. assertion of greater control whenever challenging policy issues arise.
There's always something enjoyable about the listicles of the previous century, especially when they're so shamelessly transparent. I think my favourite part of that description is the idea of 'home library builders' - the idea that if you don't have the Dickinson Certified Best Books™, well, your parlour simply isn't up to snuff. I stumbled on Dickinson's 1,000 Best when I was doing the research for Lost Souls , and was delighted to find that his penchant for creating league tables of literature had continued.
*According to The Best Books of Our Time: 1901 - 1925, A clue in the literary labyrinth for home library builders, booksellers and librarians, consisting of a list of 1,000 best books selected by the best authorities accompanies by critical descriptions written and compiled by Asa Don Dickinson, Librarian of the University of Pennsylvania, Author of 1,000 Best Books.
Dickinson had a strict process for inclusion. He surveyed his notable peers, and any book that received four or more nominations was included.
This book specifically covers 1901-1925, and Dickinson notes that many notable authors simply didn't make the cut because of this restriction. There's no restriction on language, but Dickinson notes that only 69 of the 378 authors in the volume produced books 'in foreign tongues', which he concludes is simply the result of preparing a guide for (stated) 'English-speaking readers'.
Dickinson's top ten authors:
Author Endorsements John Galsworthy 197 H.G. Wells 172 Arnold Bennett 137 G. Bernard Shaw 123 Edith Wharton 118 Joseph Conrad 110 Booth Tarkington 103 Rudyard Kipling 79 W.H. Hudson 78 Joseph Hergesheimer 74 Eugene O'Neill 67
Hergesheimer is totally new to me the top Hergesheimer novel (Java Head, see below) has been downloaded 13 14 times. Booth Tarkington is one of three novelists to win the Pulitzer Prize more than once, but, seems to be largely forgotten. According to Gutenberg, his most downloaded book is Lords of the Housetops: 13 Tales of Cats. Which, I'm not ashamed to say, I already had.
We also have a league table for the top 25 titles:
Dickinson, like any good proto-blogger, has much more extensive lists, as well as lots of subcategories as well. If there were Amazon Affiliate links in 1925, he would've been a very happy man.
As this is nominally a genre blog, a few inclusions of interest. Dickinson includes various critical quotes in his descriptions, and they can be a joy to read:
It is always fun to see how lists like these hold up over time, but it is hard to judge if this aggregation of critics did particularly well or badly. Certainly many of the top names have held up over time, whilst others (sorry, Tarkington) haven't. And there are some misfires as well: embarrassingly marginal inclusions (Proust and Beerbohm, for example).
The bias against non-fiction - given Dickinson surveyed literary critics - makes for an amusingly skewed scale as well. E. Phillips Oppenheim is pretty snazzy, but if we're approaching significance quantitatively, it is a little silly to have one of his adventures on par with the Theory of Relativity.
Dickinson's book is a lot of fun, as it allows us to look (and laugh at) contemporary criticism. But it does also help further the discussion of critics as curators, and, more importantly, the 'causality' of great literature. How many of these books wound up as 'great books' because the critics said they were, with the impact of a few voices lingering for generations? Who speaks for the masses - are Harold Bell Wright and James Curwood - bestsellers of their decades - justifiably forgotten? And, if so, does that mean the power of a few critics outweighs the voices of millions of readers? Or simply that the critics had impressive predictive power? Or, conversely, does the disappearance of Booth Tarkington show that there's not correlation at all - and despite collective, critical praise, the tide of cultural history is inexorable? (Discuss. This will be 50% of your grade.)
In the meantime, my Kindle now overflows with Gutenberg downloads. Perhaps, with the copyright expired, we'll be seeing a resurgence of some of these names. Or maybe not.
---
Credits: Photo by Jan Mellström. All links to free, legal downloads on Project Gutenberg or Archive.org.
Ohio State had just unexpectedly knocked off the No. 1 team in the nation (Alabama) to advance to the national championship game against Oregon at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, a place few figured the Buckeyes could reach after having two Heisman candidate quarterbacks suffer season-ending injuries.
As cornerback Eli Apple ran across the Superdome field, his family celebrated in the stands, overwhelmed with exhilaration. But, for his mother, Annie, the thrill was soon replaced with an all too familiar fear.
Yes, another 18-hour drive was ahead — from New Orleans to New Jersey — but worse was trying to figure out how much it would cost her family — and so many Buckeyes families — to get to the title game in Texas just 11 days later.
“The sad part is, as parents, we haven't had a moment to really enjoy the wins because after each win, we have to figure out what we're going to do,” said Annie Apple, a vice president of the Ohio State football parents association, who had been campaigning all season for the university, Big Ten and NCAA to help alleviate the financial hardships of families who travel to see their sons play in the inaugural College Football Playoff. “I was feeling homicidal on the way back. … You're a parent. You'll find a way. That's what parents do. But each win should not be a burden for the family. A win should be a reward.”
Just a few minutes after making those comments — and a few days after Ohio State coach Urban Meyer urged for action, with several of his players' families unable to afford to attend the semifinal win — Apple received extraordinary and unexpected news, with the College Football Playoff announcing on Tuesday it will reimburse parents of players up to $1,250 per parent for travel and meal expenses to the national championship on Jan. 12, for a maximum of two parents.
The waiver is part of an NCAA pilot program which also will help cover families' expenses during the men's and women's Final Fours this spring, which still needs to pass legislation to become permanent.
Earlier in the day, Ohio State Athletic Director Gene Smith was only hopeful such change could happen next year, despite the Big Ten and Pac-12 making a combined $120 million this season from the playoff.
Originally, families only had been provided $800 total for the entire playoff from a student assistance fund.
“We know how expensive travel can be, so we're pleased to provide assistance for parents or guardians who want to see their sons play in the first College Football Playoff national championship,” said Bill Hancock, executive director of the College Football Playoff. “It will make the game even more special for the student-athletes to know that their family members are receiving this benefit.”
With the teams preparing to play an unprecedented 15th game this season, Apple said the family has spent more than $15,000 to watch Eli play every game, with the Big Ten Championship and playoffs exceedingly more complicated to plan. To save money, Apple said approximately 90 percent of Ohio State's players' families drove to New Orleans — almost all driving double-digit hours — with several parents opting to only go to one game and some previously determining neither was financially feasible. Fundraising ideas were quickly shot down because it could jeopardize a player's eligibility.
For weeks, the universities and the conferences told the families that nothing could be done, that it was out of their hands. Apple, though, continued her campaign, asking why the travel costs of players' families couldn't be covered like the coaches' families and repeatedly questioning how a $7.3 billion TV deal to broadcast the games starring their sons wasn't enough to let their families share the once-in-a-lifetime moment.
Then, in just a few minutes, a lost cause turned into another celebration, one that Apple could enjoy without worrying what else it would mean.
“It's a major victory,” Apple said after hearing the news. “It's awesome. We're being heard. The problem initially was we weren't a priority. We weren't even considered. They know we're alive. They know our children didn't just levitate onto a football field. They have parents. They have families.
“This is America. We can change things that are not right and we can make them right. I thank the College Football Playoff committee for really making this right.That's what's going to make this whole system work, when people run it and not a bunch of bureaucrats. We definitely appreciate that.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Today it stands as the imposing heart of Welsh cultural life, an iconic structure which represents the big ambitions it has.
But, hard though it might be to picture it, just 15 years ago the space where the Wales Millennium Centre (WMC) now stands lay empty.
Work began on the centre 15 year ago this month, back in February 2002, and at its opening two and a half years later it instantly became another landmark in the transformation of Cardiff Bay .
Since 2004 the WMC has welcomed 3.4m audience members as well as a whopping 13.5m people through its doors. And it provides an estimated economic boost to the Bay of £75m a year.
(Image: Wales Millennium Centre)
But development of the site for the arts was close to never coming to fruition.
Back in the mid-1990s Dame Zaha Hadid – the late architect behind the London 2012 aquatics centre – won a competition to design an opera house for the site .
But the government's Millennium Commission decided to pull the plug on the idea, instead throwing its weight – and cash – behind plans to replace the National Stadium with what would become the Millennium Stadium.
Plans were amended and eventually the proposals for what is today the Wales Millennium Centre emerged.
(Image: Wales Millennium Centre)
Designed to be more than simply an opera house, it is the home of organisations such as the BBC and the Welsh National Opera – and even houses a youth hostel alongside the shops and cafes.
The state-of-the-art facility is still regarded as one of the finest in the UK and has been described by Lord Lloyd-Webber as the “best theatre built in the world in the last 50 years”.
(Image: Wales Millennium Centre)
It was helped by being purpose-built on an open site. Eight articulated trucks can fit in its holding bays at any one time, for example, meaning there is no loss of downtime between shows when sets have to be removed and new ones installed.
The centre's managing director Mathew Milsom said: “I know what that part of the city was like before the regeneration but you can't imagine Cardiff Bay without it now.
(Image: Wales Millennium Centre)
“It's a massive success story – it's a world-class building which has put Wales on the map internationally. We are a venue of choice for West End producers, which is fantastic.”
Wicked is coming back to the venue next year:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But he added: “We are recognised as a world-class theatre but I don't think we are recognised as a national asset yet. But we are only 12 years old and part of our aim is to address that and to make culture relevant to everyone in Wales.
(Image: Chris Colclough)
“What we have to do is to create a pan-Wales initiative which can bring the whole of Wales together.”
He added: “Our task has always been to make sure the quality and scale of the shows can do the theatre justice.”
(Image: Chris Colclough)
(Image: Simon Ridgway)
(Image: Wales Millennium Centre)
Thanks to whoever built most of this, this was floating around on dell streak forum months ago then it dissapeared so cant find it hosted anywhere any more, modified a few bits to get it working on galaxy s II
Link Working!New Host For Part1/2DO NOT DOWNLOAD PART 2 UNTIL YOU CAN SEE PART 1, THEY ARE UPLOADING NOW SO IF YOU DOWNLOAD TOO SOON YOU WILL GET A BROKEN FILE.File sizes should be;Part2 = 572 MBPart1 = 900 MBGoogle HostFTP HostSelect both parts and unzip the folder and copy to your internal sdcard/sdcard/download and install terminal emulator and vnc viewerwith terminal emulatorcd /sdcardsush ubuntu.shpress home DO NOT CLOSE you need to keep this shell openopen VNCaddress: localhostport: 5900password: ubuntuset colour to 24 bitWhats Working?USB HostWiFi3GBrowser - FireFoxWhen you've finished shut-down the Linux install then kill the terminal shell and clear memory,Doesn't seem to close properly from the VNC however this is just the background that remains in the memory, everything unmounts cleanly, and it can't be reopened until the memory is cleared. Since its a CHROOT its opened from the android environment and needs to be killed from the same terminal. You'll see when you shut down the terminal closes and there are unmount commands in the .sh that are executed upon shut-down.Its pretty much working, let me know if you have issues.
Special Report: Walkable Streets Whitehead's Proposed Complete Streets Moratorium is Nakedly Cynical It is Whitehead's job as a Councillor to lead for the good of this entire city, not to play this childish game of divisive political theatre. By Ryan McGreal
Published November 26, 2015
Ward 8 Councillor Terry Whitehead has declared open war on livability improvements across the entire lower city in a notice of motion that would declare a moratorium on any new projects to make a lower city street safer and more inclusive while traffic impacts from the Light Rail Transit (LRT) project are still being studied.
Proposed area of moratorium on any new street safety improvement measures (Image Credit: Google Maps)
Whitehead's motion, which he presented at last night's Council meeting as a notice of motion and will introduce in a subsequent meeting, is literally titled, "MORATORIUM ON ANY NEW PROJECTS, ROADWAY ALTERATIONS OR DESIGNS THAT REDUCE MOTOR VEHICLULAR CAPACITY ON ANY ROADWAY WITHIN THE LRT CORRIDOR".
Yes, it's yet another dispatch from the Can't Make This Stuff Up files.
Whitehead argues that because the construction and operation of LRT will impact vehicle traffic on Main and King Streets, the City must not do anything to "reduce motor vehicular capacity on any roadway within the LRT corridor, bounded by Cootes Dr., the escarpment, Hamilton Harbour and Parkdale Ave. in order to safeguard the capacity of the existing road system within the LRT corridor" so that volumes displaced from Main and King can be "reassigned" to the "available capacity".
Never mind that part of the point of the LRT investment is to reduce the number of vehicle trips, not simply to displace them to other streets.
Amazingly, as part of his motion, Whitehead even has the nerve to cite the outstanding list of planned lower city two-way conversions, many of which were approved almost 15 years ago, as a reason to put a freeze on a new street improvement plans.
The city's decades of inaction and stalling on taming its urban thoroughfares is already an embarrassment. It is certainly no excuse to delay change even longer!
Reaction to Aberdeen
It is clear that Whitehead's sweeping motion is at least in part a reaction to a recent notice of motion from Ward 1 Councillor Aidan Johnson to make Aberdeen Avenue safer and more inclusive, a move that Whitehead reflexively opposes because he sees Aberdeen as merely a shortcut for Ward 8 residents to get to Highway 403 a little bit faster.
It is equally clear that actual facts have made no impact on Whitehead's opposition. Aberdeen carries 18,000 cars a day, most of them short-cutting through the neighbourhood. That volume can easily be accommodated on a street with one lane in each direction and left-turn lanes, creating safer space for walking and cycling without preventing Aberdeen from serving as a through route.
Aberdeen is a racetrack most hours of the day, and traffic still flows freely even during rush hour. The only slowdowns are at the corner of Queen and Aberdeen, where traffic has to turn through a signalized intersection and sometimes backs up behind a red light.
Animated GIF: Typical Traffic on Garth, Beckett, Aberdeen on a Monday, AM peak, midday and PM peak (Image Credit: Google Maps)
Aberdeen could be ten lanes wide and traffic would still have to slow down to go through that intersection. It is instructive that the Beckett Drive escarpment access is only one lane in each direction and carries over 20,000 cars a day without problem.
Even here, part of the problem for northbound traffic coming down the Escarpment is that Queen Street is one-way southbound north of Herkimer, so everyone heads northwest is forced to divert left onto Aberdeen (or rat-run down Stanley Avenue).
Converting Queen to two-way would reduce the need to turn left onto Aberdeen, but Whitehead is also reflexively opposed to any change on Queen Street, no matter how little sense it makes to keep Queen as an overbuilt one-way street.
Queen Street South during afternoon rush hour on November 23, 2015
Cynical and Nakedly Selfish
Implementing a complete street design on Aberdeen is a classic win-win situation: it will improve the street for people who live on and around it without preventing cut-through traffic from continuing to use it, albeit at safer, more reasonable speeds. But Whitehead doesn't care about this. He is interested in raw politicking, not in solutions.
His motion to freeze progress across the entire lower city is deeply cynical and nakedly selfish. He is not acting in the interests of his constituents, who would still be able to use Aberdeen as a shortcut to the highway, and he is certainly not acting in the best interest of the city as a whole.
Rather, he is following the classic reactionary right-wing tactic of driving a wedge into the city in order to inflame the worst impulses of knee-jerk fear and resentment and pit different constituencies against each other.
Whitehead can dress up the motion all he wants in the language of process, but his own stream of commentary over the past several weeks and, indeed, years sinks this convenient embrace of analysis before action.
He is deeply prejudiced against any outcome that would allow streets in the lower city to become safer, more inclusive and more useful for everybody.
He sees lower city streets as nothing more than a traffic sewer, a conduit to somewhere else, and he automatically resists any change that might shift the balance between the convenience of fast, dangerous cut-through traffic and the basic needs of the people who actually live on and around these streets.
It is particularly cynical that Whitehead is using LRT as his excuse not to implement any more complete streets. The evidence overwhelmingly tells us that LRT will be far more successful at attracting new riders, new investment and more effective land use patterns if it is combined with complete streets that encourage walking, cycling and transit.
To suggest that we should not implement complete streets because LRT is coming is ludicrous. The most generous thing you can say about it is that it utterly fails to understand why LRT is so important in the first place.
It is Whitehead's job as a Councillor to lead for the good of this entire city, not to play this childish game of divisive political theatre. Ward 8 residents deserve better from their representative at Council, and the city as a whole deserves better from the people who choose to lead it.
Text of the Motion
Following is the text of Whitehead's Notice of Motion:
Council Date: November 25, 2015 MOVED BY COUNCILLOR T. WHITEHEAD MORATORIUM ON ANY NEW PROJECTS, ROADWAY ALTERATIONS OR DESIGNS THAT REDUCE MOTOR VEHICULAR CAPACITY ON ANY ROADWAY WITHIN THE LRT CORRIDOR WHEREAS the City is currently reviewing the existing road network and road use priorities via a Transportation Master Plan Update; WHEREAS City Council has already directed staff to convert specific roadways from one-way to two-way operation which effects [sic] capacity on roadways as follows: (i) Bold St. from James St. S. to Queen St. S.
(ii) Duke St. from James St. S. to Queen St. S.
(iii) Hughson St. N. from Wilson St. to Barton St. E.
(iv) King William St. from John St. N. to Wellington St. N.
(v) Wentworth St. N. from Delaware Ave. to King St. E.
(vi) Victoria Ave. N. from Barton St. E. to Burlington St. E.
(vii) Caroline St. N. from King St. to York Blvd.
(viii) Hess St. N. from York Blvd. to Barton St. W. WHEREAS Traffic staff support the additional conversion of Wentworth St. N. between King St. E. and Barton St. E. such that Wentworth St be a continuous two way street between the escarpment and Burlington St.; WHEREAS bicycle lanes have already been established or approved for implementation on Hunter St., York Blvd., Cannon St., Charlton Ave., Herkimer St., Dundurn St. and Bay St. thereby reducing motor vehicle capacity on these major roadways; WHEREAS The Province has approved 1.2 Billion Dollars in funding for the development of Light Rail Transit (LRT) in the City of Hamilton; WHEREAS LRT Traffic Impact studies have not yet been completed and therefore the impact of the vehicle offloading from King St. and Main St. to the adjacent surrounding road network in the lower City is unknown; and WHEREAS the parking, delivery and loading of goods and services in the LRT corridor has not been determined; THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED: (a) That the City place a moratorium on any new projects, roadway alterations or designs that reduce motor vehicular capacity on any roadway within the LRT corridor, bounded by Cootes Dr., the escarpment, Hamilton Harbour and Parkdale Ave. in order to safeguard the capacity of the existing road system within the LRT corridor such that when volumes need to be reassigned from Main and or [sic] King during the LRT Construction and subsequent operation, that there is available capacity within the remaining roadway system; (b) That planned or emergency roadway reconstruction, repaving of roadways and servicing of utilities in the corridor be exempt from the moratorium with the condition that they be scheduled to have minimum concurrent interference with LRT construction; and (c) that the LRT Project Team report back to the General Issues Committee once traffic impacts studies are completed, with the expected roadway traffic volume reassignment and traffic impacts of the reassignment on roadways within the LRT corridor.
(h/t to Samantha Craggs at CBC Hamilton, who posted the motion on Twitter: page 1, page 2)
Related:
Ryan McGreal, the editor of Raise the Hammer, lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer, writer and consultant. Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail, a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton. Ryan writes a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine, and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator. He also maintains a personal website, has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook, and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram.
77 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment.
Image copyright Other
It's been suggested women and children were not given priority for lifeboats when the Costa Concordia capsized. But are there rules governing who leaves a sinking ship first?
It's a famous moment in the Titanic story. "Women and children first!" went the cry.
It's too early to know exactly what happened in the final hours of the Costa Concordia. The captain has already had to deny allegations he left the ship before everyone had been evacuated.
And it has been reported that some male passengers ignored informal injunctions to wait until women and children had made it into the lifeboats.
How did the priority rule begin? This protocol started when HMS Birkenhead sank in 1852
"Women and children first" phrase coined in 1860
RMS Titanic disaster in 1912 popularised the rule
Only 20% of men on board Titanic were saved
It is not a part of international maritime law
Edwin Gurd, a retired police chief, told the Times. "We were keen for women and children to go first, and men if they had babies or families. A lot of men regardless of that were trying to save themselves."
But is the traditional maxim of women and children going first really part of the maritime rules?
Once passengers board a cruise ship, they are assigned a lifeboat according to where their cabin is, says Rob Ashdown, operations director at the European Cruise Council.
If there is an accident, as is the case with the Concordia hitting the rocks, it is up to the captain to decide whether to abandon ship. To signal the start of an evacuation, a loud alarm sounds ordering people to go to their muster station.
Costa sinking: How it happened Image copyright bbc Maps and stats on the grounded cruise ship
From this point onwards, ships have 30 minutes to load, launch and manoeuvre away the lifeboats, under regulations set down by the International Maritime Organisation. And there is no legal duty to allow women and children to board first, Ashdown says.
The evacuation of the troop ship HMS Birkenhead in 1852 is widely believed to be the first occasion of women and children being told to board the lifeboats first.
The ship was carrying nearly 500 troops and about 26 women and children. After the commanding officer's order for the soldiers to wait, all the women and children survived but most of the men died. The phrase "women and children first" is thought to have come later.
But there is one group who may receive preferential treatment today - disabled people with special mobility needs, Ashdown says.
"This idea of women and children first is just a convention there is for historical reasons," he suggests. "It may be appropriate in certain circumstances and cultures and not elsewhere."
When it comes to air travel, the point is immaterial as prioritising women and children in an evacuation would be impractical.
An argument could be made in relation to ships that men are generally likely to be stronger swimmers than women and therefore have a better chance of survival in the water. But today the argument is less about survival chances and more about treating people fairly.
Prof Ed Galea, an evacuation expert at the University of Greenwich, says orderly behaviour among passengers is crucial to a successful evacuation.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The women and children first rule caused more men to die when the Titanic sank
And having studied major disaster situations, including interviewing survivors from the World Trade Center, he says that people don't respond to these evacuations in the way that one might think.
"It's not like Hollywood, it's not like every man for himself. People behave quite selflessly. You'll find people screaming and crying but it doesn't mean they are panicking."
Usually people will help the most vulnerable to leave the scene first. It's not necessarily women, but is likely to be the injured, elderly and young children, he says.
It's too early to know in detail what happened during the Concordia evacuation. But it seems that the crew did an "exemplary" job and that most passengers behaved well, Galea says.
The real problem aboard the Concordia was the slowness of the order to "abandon ship", he argues. Crucial minutes were lost after the ship hit the rocks and reports suggest it was only once the ship began to heel that the evacuation began.
Once a ship heels at 20 degrees it becomes difficult to launch the lifeboats and after the Concordia began to tip over it was soon heeling dramatically.
"They had time," Galea says. "But as I understand it the evacuation didn't start until the ship had a serious heel."
Like most businesses near the waterfront in Brooklyn's Red Hook neighborhood, Arthur Mondella's maraschino cherry factory had seen its ups and downs. It survived Superstorm Sandy, recession and America's finicky tastes to keep churning out millions of the sweet, gooey accoutrements that grace Shirley Temples, hot fudge sundaes and Manhattans.
When investigators checking on possible environmental violations visited the business Tuesday, though, Mondella's confident facade collapsed.
After excusing himself to use the toilet, Mondella shot himself to death, bringing a shocking end to the cherry maker's life and leaving officials to sort out how much of his money came from growing marijuana and how much came from maraschino cherries.
By Wednesday, Mondella's story was captivating New York and drawing comparisons to the TV hit "Breaking Bad," about a struggling high school chemistry teacher who turns to making methamphetamine to take care of his family.
There was no indication that Mondella's business, Dell's Maraschino Cherries, was struggling. In fact, he had described things as on the upswing following a rebranding effort and an investment in equipment to modernize production.
"At this point, the maraschino cherry is just another commodity," Mondella told the Wall Street Journal last year. "We're trying to change that."
Law enforcement officials, though, say it appears the 67-year-old family business also housed a marijuana enterprise, which was revealed when investigators smelled weed while checking reports that cherry juice and chemical-laced byproducts were being dumped into the sewer.
A man who owned a maraschino cherry company shot himself to death during an impromptu inspection by city officials. A marijuana-growing enterprise was later found behind a fake wall. A man who owned a maraschino cherry company shot himself to death during an impromptu inspection by city officials. A marijuana-growing enterprise was later found behind a fake wall. SEE MORE VIDEOS
According to local news reports, they noticed something amiss on a wall and upon closer inspection realized the wall was fake. It concealed what some local media have described as a huge stash of marijuana, cash and luxury cars.
On Wednesday, there was no sign of business at Dell's, whose modern machinery was silent and whose employee door was closed. Investigators were entering the factory and leaving with boxes of evidence as wind blew in off the iced-in shores of the nearby Buttermilk Channel. Feral cats and a few dog walkers wandered through the quiet neighborhood, which is far from any subway line and a mix of industrial warehouses, single-family homes and small businesses.
Lights used to promote plant growth were seen being removed from the factory Wednesday, and portions of a Porsche, Rolls-Royce and a Harley were seized at the site.
The Brooklyn District Attorney's Office has not provided details on what was found inside the sprawling brick factory, but it confirmed that the initial visit had nothing to do with drugs and that Mondella shot himself after initially cooperating with inspectors.
Mondella, 57, was well known in the neighborhood, and his business had been featured frequently in local and national media. As recently as January, in a story that appeared in Crain's, Mondella recalled accompanying his grandfather, Dell's founder, to work and getting to ride in the forklift.
Mondella, who took over the business in 1983, told Crain's that the firm produced more than a billion cherries a year, had $20 million in annual revenue and was successfully fending off competition from the country's few other producers of maraschino cherries.
In recent years, Mondella embarked on a major project to boost production with new equipment and more automation. "The only way to survive is by adapting," he told Crain's.
"It's sad. It's very sad,” a local businessman, Joe Morrine, told TV news crews clustered outside the factory door. Morrine said it made no sense that the factory would have been used as a front for a drug enterprise. "They're a legitimate business that has been around for a long time. Lots of forklifts moving in and out," he said.
Ethan Casucci, who knew Mondella, agreed. "That doesn't seem right," he told the Daily News. "He seemed fine."
Follow @TinaSusman for national news
Los Angeles Times
Sen. David Vitter, R-La., addressed the Jefferson Baptist Church in Baton Rouge yesterday in an attempt to burnish his conservative credentials as he campaigns for governor.
Vitter, who is perhaps best known for his involvement in a prostitution scandal, announced at the beginning of his speech that he had received the endorsements of a number of Religious Right activists and organizations, including Family Research Council President Tony Perkins, a former Louisiana state lawmaker.
In his speech, Vitter criticized the notion of the separation of church and state and denounced the Supreme Court's landmark marriage equality decision, claiming that gay rights advocates want their views “shoved down the throats of folks who have sincerely held religious views that marriage is between one man and one woman.”
After declaring his support for a bill that grants legal protections to those who oppose same-sex marriage, Vitter said that the Supreme Court's marriage ruling “will clearly unleash all sorts of assaults against conservative Christian beliefs who believe that marriage is between one man and one woman. And make no mistake about it, those assaults are coming on churches, pastors and believers who are trying to live their faith in a quiet but important way, including in terms of how they choose to live their lives and run their businesses.”
“They want to make believers like us second class citizens,” he said. “They want to completely push us out of the public square and in some cases persecute folks who simply want to live their faith in terms of how they do business and other things.”
As spring practice continues across the Pac-12, position battles rage. Jobs can still be earned during training camp in August, but this time of year provides prime opportunity to make a move and potentially solidify areas of uncertainty on the roster. We're looking at which position battles are most critical across the league this offseason, continuing with the Stanford Cardinal.
1. Quarterback: This is critical for Stanford to take pressure off Christian McCaffrey in 2016. Last season, Kevin Hogan did a phenomenal job of doing just that, passing very efficiently while also changing games with his legs. The Cardinal need either Ryan Burns or Keller Chryst to provide a similar counter-threat.
The duo looked capable during last Saturday's spring game, overcoming slow starts to deliver crisp downfield throws with solid pocket presence. Both quarterbacks measure 6-foot-5 and about 230 pounds, so it's rather hard to differentiate between the two with just a simple eye test, especially since their levels of athleticism are about equal, too.
In the end, the winner of this competition will be the one who demonstrates the best mastery of Stanford's large playbook. Expect the battle to rage until August.
Stanford coach David Shaw needs either Keller Chryst or Ryan Burns to step up and bring the Cardinal quarterback position into focus this season to take pressure off Christian McCaffrey. Kyle Terada/USA TODAY Sports
2. Offensive line: Last year, the left side of the Stanford offensive line did two very important things: It kept Hogan clean, and it rammed the way for McCaffrey's record-breaking campaign on the ground. So the Cardinal must find a way to replace left guard Joshua Garnett, left tackle Kyle Murphy and center Graham Shuler, because that trio had a huge role in the team's big-time offensive success.
Stanford will spend the rest of the offseason determining whether Casey Tucker, who started at right tackle last year, is the man for all-important left tackle job -- the one that will stand guard over the new quarterback's blind side. Tucker started the spring game at left tackle, but David Shaw said that his spot there has not yet been cemented. So far, David Bright is the only lineman that the Cardinal fully trust to run either tackle position. If Tucker impresses enough come August, he'll lock down left tackle, while Bright will man the right side.
3. Inside linebacker: Last year, Blake Martinez led the Pac-12 with 141 tackles. He also made possibly the biggest defensive play of the year for Stanford, jarring the ball loose from USC's Cody Kessler to set up Solomon Thomas' scoop-and-score touchdown, which sent the Cardinal well on the way to their title game win.
With Martinez gone, Stanford is digging deep into its pool of options to replace some prolific production. Jordan Perez, Kevin Palma and Noor Davis have all seen significant action in the past. Sean Barton, Bobby Okereke and Mustafa Branch have also thrown their names into the mix. That's six bodies gunning for two starting spots. Even if those two front-line positions are set early in training camp, this competition is critical for the Cardinal to establish depth on the interior.
Stanford's secondary is also hosting a similarly crowded battle. With a bevy of names competing for four starting spots in the defensive backfield, we may see plenty of shuffles come fall. Defensive depth, though, is always welcome -- especially in the world of fast-paced Pac-12 offenses.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's former national security adviser Michael Flynn pushed for the administration to develop a policy that would help one of his former business associates, The Washington Post reported Tuesday.
A week after the presidential inauguration, Flynn, who was working in the White House, forwarded a proposal from IP3 – a company looking to build nuclear power plants in the Middle East — and told his staff to mold it into a policy for Trump's approval, according to the Post.
Disclosure forms showed that Flynn served as an adviser to the company from August 2016 to December 2016, ending his relationship with the firm just weeks before joining the administration.
ADVERTISEMENT
IP3 said in a statement that the memo did not make a specific request on the company's behalf, and said that Flynn did not accept an offer to serve as an adviser for the company, despite Flynn's disclosure forms showing otherwise.
A White House official told the Post that the National Security Council staff took Flynn's apparent conflict of interest and “did their best to tamp it down.”
The report comes amid speculation Flynn is cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse: US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE's probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
Flynn resigned from his role as national security adviser in February.
According to multiple outlets, he is under investigation for an alleged quid pro quo with the Turkish government, in which Flynn would have been paid millions of dollars in exchange for the extradition of a Muslim cleric living in the U.S.
Congressional Democrats also allege that Flynn violated federal law by failing to report a 2015 trip to Egypt and Israel on his security clearance form.
2011 was supposed to be a bad year for President Obama's health care law, with House Republicans taking aim and federal lawsuits snaking their way through the judiciary. And although the House of Representatives has had limited success in dismantling the overhaul, key portions began to unravel all by themselves.
Here's a look at the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act's year in review.
— Jan. 14: Kansas announces its intention to become the 26th state to file suit against the federal government to stop implementation of the health care overhaul.
— Jan. 19: The House of Representatives votes to repeal the health care law.
— Jan. 26: Illinois-based pharmaceutical company Abbott Labs cuts 1,900 jobs “in response to changes in the health-care industry, including U.S. health-care reform and the challenging regulatory environment.”
— Jan. 31: A second federal district judge rules that the law is unconstitutional.
— Feb. 2: All 47 Republican senators vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but the measure fails.
— Feb. 16: Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testifies before the Senate Finance Committee and admits that the CLASS Act, a key portion of the law that was touted as a $70 billion savings, is “totally unsustainable.” But not to worry: Sebelius says her department has the authority to rework the legislation to make CLASS tenable.
— Feb. 18: The House votes to block federal funding to implement the Affordable Care Act. The Congressional Budget Office also estimates that repealing the law would add $210 billion to the combined federal deficits from 2012 to 2021.
— Feb. 22: A federal judge tosses a lawsuit claiming that the Affordable Care Act violates the liberties of those who choose to rely on God to protect and heal them instead of buying health insurance.
— March 3: The House votes to end an unpopular tax paperwork-filing requirement for businesses tucked into the health care law.
— March 23: The law turns one year old. On the same day, the House Committee on Energy and Commerce finds that the temporary Early Retirement Reinsurance Program will spend its allotted $5 billion far earlier than its Jan. 1, 2014 expiration date.
— March 30: The CBO estimates that health care reform will cost $1.1 trillion, an increase of $90 billion from its February estimate.
— May 17: The Daily Caller reports that 20 percent of new waivers from the law have gone to gourmet restaurants, nightclubs and fancy hotels in former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's district.
— June 8: A McKinsey & Company survey of over 1,300 private sector employers found that 30 percent of employers would definitely or probably stop offering insurance to their employees after the law is implemented in 2014.
— June 18: HHS announces that it is axing waivers from the law.
— June 21: A glitch in the law, discovered after Obama signed it, would allow middle-class Americans to get subsidized health care intended for poor people, the Associated Press reports. Medicare's chief actuary says the policy “doesn't make sense.”
— June 29: In the face of a constitutional challenge, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals rules in favor of the law.
— July 18: An Employment Policies Institute report finds that the Affordable Care Act would incentivize employees to switch to a government-subsidized insurance exchange even if employers were to continue their health care coverage, costing taxpayers “significant[ly].”
— July 19: The bipartisan “gang of six” puts forward a debt-reduction plan that would repeal the CLASS Act.
— Aug. 1: HHS issues a regulation requiring all group health insurance plans to cover FDA-approved “contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity.”
— Aug. 12: The Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals rules that the law's individual health insurance mandate is unconstitutional.
— Sept. 8: The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rejects a pair of challenges to the law on procedural grounds. It does not rule on the law's constitutionality.
— Sept. 15: A bicameral Republican report accuses Democratic supporters of the health care law of recklessness for promoting the CLASS Act despite knowing that the program would eventually blow up the budget.
— Oct. 5: The signatures of about 1.6 million petitioners pressing for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act are delivered to Capitol Hill at a press conference.
— Oct. 13: A federal inspector general finds that the IRS is having trouble collecting the 10-percent federal tanning tax established by the law.
— Oct. 14: HHS completes its 19-month review of the CLASS Act, determining that “we do not have a path to move forward,” Sebelius says. CLASS remains on the books, but the administration essentially gives up on it.
— Nov. 4: Tennessee Rep. Phil Roe and 23 Republican colleagues send a letter to IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman objecting to a new IRS rule authorizing subsidies for participants in the yet-to-be-created federal health care exchange program. They argue that the agency is seeking to rewrite legislation, something it is not allowed to do. Conservative experts say the IRS rules are covering up a glitch in the original law that provides subsidies for people enrolled in state exchanges, but not federal exchanges. Shulman does not agree with their analysis.
— Nov. 9: The National Federation of Independent Business releases a report saying that in 2012 the law's new health insurance tax will reduce private sector jobs by between 125,000 and 249,000.
— Nov. 10: The Beckett Fund for Religious Liberty announces it is suing HHS on behalf of Belmont Abbey College, a Catholic educational institution. The lawsuit claims the Aug. 1 regulation violates the college's teaching on contraception, sterilization and abortion.
— Nov. 14: The Supreme Court agrees to hear arguments on the Affordable Care Act.
— Nov. 16: Forty-seven percent of Americans favor repeal of the law, Gallup finds.
— Nov. 29: Massachusetts Democratic Rep. Barney Frank joins the effort to repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board, a key portion of the law that would “recommend levels at which Medicare recipients, including seniors, can be reimbursed for health care expenses.”
— Nov. 30: The House energy committee votes to repeal the CLASS Act.
— Dec. 15: The Obama administration announces that the number of young uninsured Americans has fallen by 2.5 million, attributing it to his law's provision permitting young adults to stay on their parents' health care plans until age 26.
— Dec. 18: Health care experts doubt that the federal insurance exchange program will be fully operational by the Jan. 1, 2014 deadline, since many states have refused to implement the state exchange program, the Washington Post reports.
— Dec. 19: The Supreme Court announces it will hear an unprecedented week's worth of arguments in March 2012 to determine whether the health care overhaul law is constitutional.
Follow Paul on Twitter
New York has always been a city of roommates — how else are people (recent college grads, for instance) supposed to pay these sky-high rents? But there's a new trend popping up among young professionals that puts a twist on the traditional roommate experience.
As the Daily News recently reported, it's a model similar to community-minded office environments like WeWork (which is said to be planning to extend into the residential arena): A company (or single tenant) rents a large, multi-room apartment, furnishes the communal spaces and then subleases individual, unfurnished bedrooms out to others. In general, only one person is on the lease and those renting out the bedrooms are not. There's also always a minimum lease time, since it's illegal to rent a place for less than 30 days in NYC.
Campus, a San Francisco-based company (which calls itself a "network of communities"), has recently entered this space in the NYC market. Among the bedrooms that are available are a midtown room that's about 150 square feet asking $1,900 and an 80-square-foot room on the Upper East Side for $1,480.
Rent a room in an apartment in this Upper East Side building for $1,480. Floorplan below.
Catering to young professionals
Neeta Mulgaokar, an agent with Mirador Real Estate, recently rented one of these properties. She says for some, a model like Campus' is a way to find a place without making a long-term commitment and to meet people in a new city. And since the landlords and the company check out tenants first, at least financially, it can be safer than a Craigslist share.
"The landlord I worked with said he wanted to vet every new person that comes in despite any screening process the company would do, and they were going to run credit on each one," she says.
Eventually, tenants may be able to have a membership that allows them to move around to different apartments within the same building or belonging to the same landlord; at least that's what Rehan "Rey" Kapadia, an agent with Bond New York, predicts. "To make it really successful, they'd have to design a mobile app to make sure people could collaborate easily. "
But is it legal?
While there could be some legal hurdles to overcome, a landlord's approval is the first — and biggest — one.
"The first line you look at is whether the lease permits it," says real estate attorney Steve Wagner of Wagner Berkow LLP.
If so, you might still have to deal with some issues. Technically, according to the Multiple Dwelling Law, each person living in an apartment must have a minimum of 80 square feet (though the common area can count toward the 80 square feet). There are also some restrictions as to the number of non-related people who can live together, but zoning laws differ depending on when a building was built, and usually they aren't enforced as long as the landlord has okayed a rental.
Mulgaokar says the landlord put a rider in the lease for the place she handled saying that it wasn't a hotel — avoiding the problems Airbnb has had in the city — and explicitly stated that the minimum sublease term was three months.
How affordable is it really?
Assuming it's all legally kosher, it's unclear whether this is actually a solution to the city's affordability crisis. Are tenants getting flexibility and reasonable rent or are they actually getting less space for more money?
"The housing crisis hurts certain people more than others — low-income people, people with handicaps and people who have been incarcerated," says Jaron Benjamin of Housing Works, which provides housing and support services to New Yorkers with HIV and AIDS. "This doesn't do anything to help with affordable housing stock for those people. It's also not a long-term solution."
John Infranca, who co-authored a white paper on micro apartments for NYU's Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy, says that these kinds of living situations are not quite as effective as micro-apartments in creating affordable housing. "For micro-apartments to have a positive affect on affordable housing, it's about adding housing and creating additional supply to help ease demand." He says micro-apartments are for individual renters, leaving larger apartments open for families. If companies like Campus split up these large apartments to rent out to one person apiece, "it bids up the price for two or three-room units," he says.
That said, Infranca says he sees why this kind of housing situation is attractive for young New Yorkers who may not be able to qualify for a rental on their own (if they don't make 40 times the monthly rent) or can't find a guarantor who makes 80 times the monthly rent.
Sarah Watson, deputy director of the Citizens Housing and Planning Council, a policy research organization in the city that focusing on housing,planning, and economic development, sees the need, too. "The idea of just being able to rent the space you need is definitely an option that should be in the marketplace," she says. "There should be more safe, diverse legal options available for people, since hundreds of thousands of people do this kind of thing now without regulation."
Wagner predicts in the future, rather than being deemed illegal, there will be more regulation for these kinds of situations. "Obviously people need this and want it," he says.
Related:
How to kick out a roommate—with minimal drama
20 questions: what to ask potential roommates to prove you're compatible
How to find a room/roommate on Craigslist (and avoid the freaks)
For renters with roomies, an affordable soundproofing tactic
Would you rather: live with a same-sex or opposite-sex roommate
Reel Estate: Everybody knows a "roommate" like Broad City's Bevers
Booger came to me as a basket case.
I landed a very tired, very green two-stroke moped at sixteen years of age. Being sixteen, I cut Booger's muffler off and ran an open pipe in an effort to make it sound more authoritative. That modification was neither intelligent nor fruitful, but it was educational.
As my years of wrenching piled up, I learned a few things about exhaust work, and I'd like to share one with you: Changing your muffler can yield a lot of smiles in exchange for a reasonable amount of your hard-earned dollars. Also called a slip-on exhaust, a muffler-only exhaust offers many of the advantages of a full system at a price that is easier to swallow.
Why you should buy an aftermarket muffler
Slip-ons usually offer great looks and killer sound when compared to an OEM system. I don't care if you've got a pancake motor, a triple, or an old two-stroke screamer, mufflers tend to enhance the “voice” of your motorcycle, and plenty of riders find them a bit more visually appealing, too.
The sound is probably the driving force behind most exhaust purchases, and a muffler-only system generally tends to capture a bike's tone at slightly more sane volumes than a full system. (Although I must say, I have heard some mufflers that are nearly ear-splitting.)
With many higher-end, sport-oriented mufflers, you also frequently enjoy a weight reduction, due to more exotic materials they often incorporate. Sometimes, the tortuous path the exhaust gases take through a factory muffler can also add a bit of weight. Again, this will vary based on the manufacturer and application, but it can be nice to shave several pounds off a bike, especially one that's a more nimble mount.
Before: The stock muffler from a Ninja rings in it at almost 10 pounds. Photo by Lemmy.
After: The replacement sheds a significant amount of that weight. Photo by Lemmy.
I already mentioned lower price, but one of the other things you'll save with a muffler-only system is time. I love wrenching, but I love riding more. Muffler installation is usually very easy. Most mufflers are pretty easy to get to. (Except for some of the undertail-equipped bikes. Man, those can be a headache to swap!) You probably have all or most of the tools you need to do this in your toolbox, and the reward is pretty high, considering the minimal time investment you'll make.
So far, I've listed sound, looks and weight savings as reasons people buy an aftermarket slip-on. What about performance? What about some exhaust manufacturers who say you'll gain horsepower? In my experience, a slip-on alone isn't likely to make a noticeable difference, but the right combination of a muffler and other modifications can make a real difference. But that's a more involved topic for another day.
Real-life problems you should be prepared for
This is a reasonably easy project, but knowing what the job entails can make it a cakewalk.
The range of tools to remove springs safely runs the gamut, from quick-and-dirty to pro-quality. My favorite one is made of an old T-handle Allen driver, but it works great. Photo by Lemmy.
Removing spring hooks: I've quickly fabricated make-do tools over the years to do this, and they have all gotten the job done, but an actual, made-for-the-task spring hook tool really is a nice thing to have. I'm as skinflint as they come, but for the few bucks this thing costs, it's probably a tool worth picking up. Harley and most non-sportbike riders who don't have a spring to deal with can feel free to ignore this tip with extreme prejudice.
Many slip-on mufflers are retained by exhaust springs. Photo by Lemmy.
Slip-ons not slipping on: Two notes on this. First, not all exhausts truly “slip on.” There are some styles (Suzukis come to mind) where the exhaust actually bolts together at a flanged joint. If you have a setup like this, make sure you have the required gasket before you start taking things apart. Exhaust leaks ain't cool.
My second note on this is that pipes corrode and rust. Heat cycles, moisture, impact, and general wear take their toll. Even though theoretically those tubes just slide inside one another, sometimes they get stuck pretty well and you hafta wrestle them a little bit. This is a delicate balancing act between "gittin' 'er done" and damaging an exhaust port gasket or your engine's head. Use caution here.
Note that this also works in reverse, too. Just because you threw a muffler on and snugged it up does not mean it will be leak-free. Make certain your new performance exhaust has not introduced a leak due to an improperly tightened clamp or sloppy mating surface.
Check the system for leaks after installation, but watch your mitts, because exhausts get searing hot very quickly! Photo by Lemmy.
Popping and lean-running issues: Generally speaking, a slip-on can be installed without needing a tune. Note I said “generally.” Depending on your elevation, bike, other modifications, and a whole host of other stuff, like which muffler you chose, you may still find a need to change up the fueling. Heck, because of emissions regulations, most rock-stock bikes right out of the factory would benefit from a fuel controller or carb re-jet, anyway. Except for a slim minority of cases, most people can get away with an aftermarket muffler without altering the fuel system. If other parts of your bike undergo modification (like later you add some headers, or you have a high-flow air filter) plan on re-tuning the fuel system.
Decreased fuel mileage: I cannot tell you how often I have put a roaring muffler on a bike, and the rider comes back to me at some point and says, “Man, I love that new pipe, but I am getting terrible fuel mileage!” Here's the thing; I have experienced this myself. Theoretically, a muffler should improve your bike's fuel mileage, but it seems as though those of us who looooooove the sound of that new muffler get throttle-happy and start flogging the bike just to hear that sweet, sweet muffler music. Just like in high school, you may find yourself listening to the same record (cassette, CD, MP3) over and over — and loving it.
Please, do not let any of those issues stop you from nabbing a muffler for your bike. I really cannot remember a single person for whom I've swapped an exhaust who has not come back wearing a huge grin. A muffler is a great first project if you're wanting to personalize your bike some to better suit your tastes. As always, if you need some clarification on any part of the process, drop a comment in there. Between the ZLA staff and our accomplished wrenchy customers (looking at you, Nick Stolten!), we can help you get your bike barky.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Chelsea's David Luiz is relishing his new role at the heart of Antonio Conte's three-man defence.
The 29-year-old came under scrutiny in the weeks following his deadline day move back to Stamford Bridge, but has excelled as an integral part of a Chelsea backline that has kept four straight Premier League clean sheets following a formation shift.
In Conte's current system the Brazilian operates as a central defender between Cesar Azpilcueta and Gary Cahill - a position Conte says requires a 'more tactical' approach.
And Luiz believes the role is bringing out his leadership qualities.
"I have the best job in the world and it doesn't matter which system we play," he adds. "You need to do what's required in your particular role but I want to do my best for the team, not for myself. I have to be alert, to look around and to cover because it's important for me to have that vision.
"I think Azpi and Gary have more opportunities on the ball than me in this formation but against Leicester I was able to get on the ball a lot. When you play with three in defence you try to play out from the back into midfield so they can create more.
"I have that side of my personality, to be a leader and to organise. A leader needs to be available to give something for others. I've had that in my character since I was young but of course I understand that now there is a responsibility, as somebody who has been here before and played many games, to use the experiences I've picked up in my career to help the youngsters."
Evidence from preclinical and clinical studies shows that ketamine, a noncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist, exerts rapid and sustained antidepressant responses. However, ketamine's psychotomimetic side effects and abuse liability limit the clinical use of the compound. Interestingly, memantine, another NMDA receptor channel blocker, processes no defined antidepressant property but is much safer and clinical tolerated. Understanding why ketamine but not memantine exhibits rapid antidepressant responses is important to elucidate the cellular signaling underlying the fast antidepressant actions of ketamine and to design a new safer generation of fast-acting antidepressants. Here we show that ketamine but memantine caused a rapid and sustained antidepressant-like responses in forced swim test (FST). Both drugs enhanced GluA1 S845 phosphorylation and potentiated Schaffer collateral-CA1 synaptic transmission. However, ketamine but not memantine elevated the expression of GluA1. Incubating acutely prepared hippocampal slices with ketamine but not memantine enhanced mTOR phosphorylation in a time course parallel to the time course of GluA1 elevation. Our results suggest that distinct properties in regulation of mTOR phosphorylation and synaptic protein expression may underlie the differential effectiveness of ketamine and memantine in their antidepressant responses.
Copyright © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A father accused of starving or drowning his teenaged daughter two decades ago was convicted of first-degree murder on Thursday after weeks of graphic and disturbing testimony about the horrific abuse she suffered before she died.
Jurors took about four hours to find an impassive Everton Biddersingh guilty in the death of 17-year-old Melonie Biddersingh, which carries a mandatory life sentence without parole for 25 years.
“I certainly hope Melonie can rest more peaceful tonight,” said Toronto Det.-Sgt. Steve Ryan shortly after the decision.
Superior Court Justice Al O'Marra had sent the jurors to deliberate after concluding a charge he had started a day earlier by outlining prosecution and defence positions.
The Crown maintained Biddersingh, 60, drowned or starved his daughter after a period of prolonged abuse, or that she died while her father unlawfully confined her in the small Toronto apartment they shared with her stepmother, Elaine Biddersingh.
“They treated Melonie like a slave,” O'Marra told jurors in summing up the prosecution's case. “She was imprisoned emotionally and physically.”
The teen, whose charred remains were found stuffed in a suitcase in an isolated industrial area, had come to Canada from Jamaica for a better life. Instead, by the time of her death, she weighed a skeletal 50 pounds and had 21 broken bones in various stages of healing. A vegetable was found in her vagina.
At no time was she allowed to leave the apartment, spending countless hours chained to furniture, stuffed in a tiny closet, or locked out on a balcony. Her father, according to one witness, would kick her and force the helpless victim's head into a toilet and then flush.
O'Marra had told the seven women and five men on the panel they could find Biddersingh guilty of lesser offences such as second-degree murder, attempted murder or manslaughter if they couldn't agree on a first-degree murder conviction.
Several hours into their deliberations, court resumed when jurors sought clarification on the law related to forcible or unlawful confinement and a short while later, they returned their verdict.
According to the Crown, O'Marra told them earlier, Biddersingh knew the girl could die but never sought medical attention because her body was “riddled with signs of abuse.”
After she died, Biddersingh maintained his daughter had run away. He never filed a missing person's report.
It was only in 2011 that his wife told a pastor what had happened, allowing police to identify the teen's remains and lay charges in March 2012.
For its part, the defence argued that experts had concluded the teen drowned but no evidence shows her father actually did it.
Instead, the defence said Elaine Biddersingh, 54, drowned her stepdaughter because she hated her and believed she was possessed by the devil.
Given the circumstantial nature of the case, the prosecution relied heavily on the testimony of Biddersingh's wife, an “angry, dishonest religious fanatic,” O'Marra said in citing the defence position.
While Biddersingh may have failed to care for and protect his daughter, that did not automatically lead to the conclusion he drowned her, O'Marra further recounted.
Another key witness against the accused, his son Cleon Biddersingh, also lied to hide his own involvement in his sister's abuse, the defence maintained.
Yet neither he nor his stepmother, who faces her own first-degree murder trial in April, said Biddersingh drowned his daughter.
Defence lawyer Jennifer Penman said Everton Biddersingh was disappointed with the verdict and would likely appeal.
Formal sentencing will take place Feb. 8 to allow family members to give impact statements.
Vera Mol, a 17-year-old from the Netherlands, was standing on a 130-foot-high bridge on Spain's northern coast, bracing for her first bungee jump.
It was 8:30 p.m., and she was the last in a group of 13 teenagers to go, when the instructor gave a command.
“No jump, it's important, no jump,” he said in English, according to court documents. But Ms. Mol, apparently misunderstanding his pronunciation, heard, “Now jump.” She threw herself from the ledge — and plunged to her death. The harness she was wearing had not yet been secured to the bridge.
This month, an appeals court in Cantabria, in northern Spain, upheld a ruling that the instructor for Aqua21 Aventura, the company that had organized the bungee jump in August 2015, could face criminal charges, including accidental homicide, should prosecutors decide to proceed with the case.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi walks past members of parliament as he enters the House of Representatives to make a speech in Australia's Parliament House in Canberra, November 18, 2014. REUTERS/David Gray
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Monday his government was ready to change rules and laws to speed up manufacturing under the “Make in India” programme, despite political opposition to reforms.
Earlier on Monday, India passed an emergency executive order to to ease land acquisition rules that are partly blamed for delays in industrial projects worth up to $300 billion.
“Need to change laws - we are ready. Need to change rules - we are ready. Need to speed up processes - we are ready,” Modi said at the concluding session of a workshop on Make in India. “We need to implement changes on the ground.”
There has been criticism in recent months that Modi has yet to use his strong electoral mandate to implement reforms needed to pull India out of an economic growth of under five percent for two straight years.
Political opposition and the government's minority position in the upper house of the parliament have also tied Modi's hands, forcing him to resort to executive orders to raise foreign participation in insurance ventures and allow private companies mine and sell coal.
The pro-business leader said there was a need to change the government's culture of “ABCD” - avoid, bypass, confuse and delay - to that of “ROAD” – responsibility, ownership, accountability and discipline.
Bureaucratic delays and red tape are two of the reasons holding back businesses in India. The country slipped to 142 in the World Bank's latest ‘ease of doing business' rankings, something that Modi has vowed to correct.
Cam Newton became the latest NFL player Wednesday to address social issues being experienced by African-Americans and other minorities across the United States, but he also expressed frustration over the expectations he's faced regarding his public stance on the matter.
A day after the fatal shooting of an African-American man by police in Charlotte, North Carolina, sparked protests in the city, Newton told reporters "no matter what the gender is, no matter what the age is, we all have to hold each other accountable" for social problems. The Carolina Panthers quarterback also reiterated his efforts to take a proactive stance on matters in the Charlotte community via his foundation.
"I'm a firm a believer of justice. I'm a firm believer of doing the right thing," Newton said. "And I can't repeat it enough of just holding people accountable ... I am not happy with what or how the justice has been kind of dealt with over the years."
Protesters took to the streets in Charlotte overnight and Wednesday morning after Keith L. Scott, 43, was shot and killed by police outside of an apartment complex. Kerr Putney, chief of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department, said Scott was brandishing a gun and threatening officers before he was shot. Putney said police were examining video footage of the incident as part of their ongoing investigation.
Although Newton emphasized the need for "everybody holding each other accountable and policing yourselves," he expressed dismay over how police shootings of African-Americans have been handled.
"The police brutality is ... it's embarrassing to even talk about," he said. "When you sit up here and list the names, it's crazy to even think about how did this even happen and how do police who take a leave absence and still get paid."
Newton said he faces a very difficult dilemma when taking a public stance on social issues. In July, Seattle Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett criticized Newton for not being "at the forefront of trying to change what's going on."
"I know that the place that I stand, sometimes it's a lose-lose," Newton said. "You say something in one sense and everybody is saying, 'You're a traitor.' You say something in another sense and, 'Oh, he's just too real and you can't necessarily say that.' So I'm in a position now where it's like if I say something it's going to be critiqued and if I don't say something, 'Oh, you're fake,' or, 'You're a fraud.'
"It's not that I can and I can't, it's just I'm always going to be true to who I am, right?"
Newton went on to say that he sees people based on their actions, adding that racial issues must be seen "through clear-eyed vision on both sides."
Newton's comments come a day after San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick said he has received death threats in the wake of his decision to take a knee during the national anthem to protest social injustices against minorities. Kaepernick's protest has inspired players from around the NFL to sit, take a knee or raise their fist during the anthem in support of his protest.
Newton hopes people understand the approach he is taking in trying to spur change.
"I salute Colin Kaepernick for his stand, for what he stands for, but at the end of the day, I also can make a stand in my own right," Newton said. "That's why I have a foundation and I've been trying to do any and everything to bring the city of Charlotte or wherever I'm around and keep impacting it in a positive way. I'm hoping people see that and do the same thing."
High-flying spy planes such as the U-2, seen here, likely spurred many reported UFO sightings over the years, CIA officials have said.
In 1947, New Mexico police officer Lonnie Zamora was chasing a speeding car when he heard a loud noise. He saw a flame shoot up in a nearby patch of desert and went over to investigate, thinking a dynamite shack in the area might have exploded.
What Zamora reported is still under intense dispute decades later. He says he saw a sedan-size, shiny object on a hilltop. Once he got closer on foot, the object began making loud noises. Zamora backed away but saw the UFO rise into the sky and speed away until it disappeared.
The UFO sighting — which is still unexplained despite investigators' belief that Zamora told the truth — was investigated by the United States Air Force as a part of Project BLUE BOOK, which recorded 12,618 sightings of strange objects between 1947 and 1969. The Central Intelligence Agency also assisted in analyzing the sightings. [Where to Spot UFOs (Infographic)]
Below are the tips that the CIA learned from "flying saucer intelligence," as the agency highlighted in a recent blog post. Helpfully, the CIA also published a list of UFO cases that Fox Mulder and Dana Scully — the heroes of the recently revived "X-Files" TV series — would enjoy.
Create a group to find and evaluate the sightings. After the 1947 incident, Project SAUCER was established to obtain all possible information about these sightings. (The premise was that the sightings were not necessarily UFOs, but could be foreign craft.) The group was renamed Project SIGN and then Project BLUE BOOK. Figure out your investigation's goals. Project BLUE BOOK aimed to find out if UFOs were a threat to U.S. security, determine if UFOs have technology that could be used by the U.S., and explain which stimuli cause a person to report a UFO. Consult with experts. Project BLUE BOOK's outside experts included astrophysicists, federal aviation officials, pilots, academics, and people at the U.S. Weather Bureau, local weather stations, the National Center for Atmospheric Research and NASA, among other organizations. Organize cases in a reporting system. BLUE BOOK's categories included astronomical, aircraft, balloons, satellites, other (such as reflections or mirages), insufficient data and unidentified. Eliminate false positives. Examples included misidentified aircraft (particularly the U-2, A-12 and SR-71 spy planes), hoaxes and mass hysteria. Develop methodology to identify common aircraft (or other phenomena) the public mistook as UFOs. Examine witness documentation. Conduct controlled experiments, such as photographing certain types of balloons from different distances under similar weather conditions. Gather and test physical and forensic evidence. The Zamora investigation included using Geiger counters to look for radiation, and sending soil samples off for expert analysis. Discourage false reporting. In the 1950s, during the Cold War, there were concerns the Soviet Union could deploy fake "UFOs" to incite panic in the U.S. So officials countered that by teaching the public how to look for similar phenomena, such as astronomical objects (meteors) or illuminated objects (balloons).
Follow Elizabeth Howell @howellspace, or Space.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Gingrich says politicians don't have power to change a 'religiously inspired definition.' Gingrich: No gay marriage evolution
Reacting to Sen. Rob Portman's sudden support of same-sex marriage, former GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich said Friday that he believes marriage is between a man and a woman “no matter what politicians decide.”
“Well, my stance hasn't evolved. I observed in December that we're faced with realities that are different than my personal beliefs,” Gingrich, a former House Speaker, said on CNN. “I believe as the Bible teaches, marriage is between a man and woman. I actually think that marriage is between a man and a woman no matter what politicians decide. I don't think they have the power to change what is a religiously inspired definition.”
Story Continued Below
Portman (R-Ohio) made public earlier Friday that he has changed his mind of same-sex marriage and now supports it after his son Will, 21, came out to him two years ago during his freshman year at Yale.
“I'm not going to second guess Rob Portman. He's an old personal friend. I think when you have somebody in your immediate family who comes in, you have three choices: You can say say, ‘I believe my principles so much, I'm kicking you out.' You can say say, ‘I still believe in my principles, but I love you.' Or you can say, ‘Gee, I love you so much I'm changing my principles,'” Gingrich said.
He continued: “Rob picked the third path. That's his prerogative. I'm not going to second guess him. But I would also say that historically in the long run, marriage will be between man and woman, that's been the definition for thousands of years and I don't think politicians will change that.”
( PHOTOS: Scenes from CPAC 2013)
Gingrich added that the country would have a “complicated” next few years as some states legalize same-sex marriage and others do not.
“Whether you are for traditional marriage or you are for somehow changing it, we have to understand how complicated the next few years are going to be as we sort out just the practical legalities, which is different than what we think the moral principles are,” Gingrich said on CNN.
Gingrich also called the “old guard” of the Republican Party “crusty” and “anti-ideas” but said he thinks GOP will be OK in the long-run heading into the 2016 presidential election cycle, agreeing with what Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) said during a speech at the annual conservative CPAC conference.
“I think we'll be fine in the long run, but the old guard of the party sometimes gets a little too crusty and a little too anti-ideas. I think that's unfortunate,” Gingrich said.
Saudi Arabia (HRW) – ‘Gross and Systematic' Violations in Yemen Threaten Council's Credibility
The United Nations General Assembly should immediately suspend Saudi Arabia's membership rights on the UN Human Rights Council, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said today. A two-thirds majority of the General Assembly may suspend the membership rights of any Human Rights Council member engaged in “gross and systematic violations of human rights.”
Saudi Arabia, as the leader of the nine-nation coalition that began military operations against the Houthis in Yemen on March 26, 2015, has been implicated in numerous violations of international humanitarian law. Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have documented 69 unlawful airstrikes by the coalition, some of which may amount to war crimes, killing at least 913 civilians and hitting homes, markets, hospitals, schools, civilian businesses, and mosques. The two organizations have also documented 19 attacks involving internationally banned cluster munitions, including in civilian areas. Saudi Arabia should be suspended from the Human Rights Council until it ends unlawful attacks in Yemen and conducts credible investigations that meet international standards or agrees to and cooperates with an independent international inquiry.
The United Nations General Assembly should immediately suspend Saudi Arabia's membership rights on the UN Human Rights Council
“Saudi Arabia has amassed an appalling record of violations in Yemen while a Human Rights Council member, and has damaged the body's credibility by its bullying tactics to avoid accountability,” said Philippe Bolopion, deputy director for global advocacy at Human Rights Watch. “UN member countries should stand with Yemeni civilians and suspend Saudi Arabia immediately.”
UN institutions have repeatedly denounced violations by the Saudi-led coalition, as well as by the Houthi forces and their allies. In 2015, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon found the coalition responsible for 60 percent of recorded child deaths and injuries, and nearly half of 101 attacks on schools and hospitals. In March, the UN high commissioner for human rights, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, stated that the coalition was responsible for twice as many civilian casualties as all other forces put together.
Earlier in 2016, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International called for the United States, United Kingdom, and France to suspend all weapons sales to Saudi Arabia until it curtailed its unlawful airstrikes in Yemen and credibly investigated alleged violations.
Saudi Arabia has strongly resisted all accountability measures, the two groups said. After threatening to withdraw funding from critical UN programs, Saudi Arabia in June compelled the UN secretary-general to remove the coalition from his “List of Shame” for killing and maiming children and attacking schools and hospitals in Yemen. In 2015, Saudi Arabia used its position on the Human Rights Council, aided by its allies, to obstruct the creation of an independent international investigation into alleged violations by all sides. Neither Saudi Arabia nor a national Yemeni commission of inquiry has carried out credible investigations into coalition attacks that may have been laws-of-war violations. Allowing Saudi Arabia to obstruct independent scrutiny and avoid accountability threatens the credibility of both the Human Rights Council and the General Assembly, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said.
Since Saudi Arabia joined the Human Rights Council in January 2014, its crackdown on all forms of dissent at home has continued unabated, executions have surged, and discrimination against women and the Saudi Shia minority community remains systematic and entrenched.
“As the Human Rights Council commemorates its tenth anniversary, it should be recommiting to accountability, not allowing countries that commit gross and systematic abuses to remain members,” said Bolopion. “The General Assembly's failure to suspend Saudi Arabia could seriously harm the rights council's credibility.”
This report prepared by Human Rights Watch.
Donald Trump Cannot Be Brought Down By The Hillary-Loving Mainstream Media - Nathan McDonald
By Nathan McDonald 4727 Views
October 13, 2016
It's no news to anyone that Trump is facing some rough times. He is fighting the entire Democratic party, traitors within the ranks of the Republican party, and just about the entire Mainstream Media. It is clear to both sides that the "system" is out to discredit and smear the Trump name.
What isn't so clear, especially if all you do is watch MSM garbage, is the fact that Donald Trump cannot be brought down. This movement is bigger than Trump and the people have had enough. No matter what his enemies do, his support continues to grow.
Therefore, it was no surprise to his supporters to see the recent polls come out today. After experiencing what many are calling "the greatest debate victory in history", the numbers are finally starting to trickle in and they are showing a complete and utter reversal of Hillary's momentum. The LA Times poll, one of the most accurate in former elections, has Clinton and Trump in a virtual tie.
Yet, what's more shocking is the fact that Trump has once again not only tied it up with Hillary in the most recent Rasmussen poll , in which just a few short days ago he was trailing Hillary by five points, he has actually overtaken her and is leading 43% to 41%.
What we are seeing unfold is the collapse of the Mainstream Media, their deception, and their lies. What we are seeing unfold is a true revolution as people turn off the "boob tube" and start thinking for themselves.
The fact is, the truth is out there. Even though the Mainstream Media refuses to properly cover the Podesta email leaks (which is now in round 6), the new era of journalists is getting the message out there and it is clearly being heard by a large segment of the population.
The Mainstream Media has sold its soul to the devil. They have forsaken the once sacred position they held and have gone all in for Hillary Clinton, choosing to destroy their credibility in the process. They may never recover and really, is that so bad?
Nathan McDonald is a libertarian, entrepreneur and precious metals enthusiast. He has always taken a keen interest in free markets and economics since an early age, which naturally led him to become a true believer in precious metals and all that they stand for. Nathan served eight years in the Royal Canadian Navy as an electronics technician, seeing the true state of the world, before starting his first successful business. He has since gone on to create a number of businesses, all of which are still in operation and growing. In addition to this, Nathan runs a network of successful precious metals blogs, and a growing newsletter that has attracted readers from all around the world. He is a regular and highlighted writer for the highly respected Sprott Money Blog, which covers world events, geopolitics and of course precious metals.
The views and opinions expressed in this material are those of the author as of the publication date, are subject to change and may not necessarily reflect the opinions of Sprott Money Ltd. Sprott Money does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness and reliability of the information or any results from its use.
Scratch one of the names off the NHL trade bait list, as reports have surfaced that the New York Rangers have agreed on a six-year extension with Dan Girardi, worth $33 million. The deal breaks down to have an AAV or Cap hit of $5.5 million per season. Girardi was scheduled to become a free agent on July 1st.
In addition, ESPN.com's Pierre LeBrun reports the contract includes a full no-movement clause in the first three years and a modified no-trade clause in the final three.
The 29-year-old Girardi has spent his entire eight-year NHL career with the Rangers. He was undrafted but signed as a free-agent with the team after playing for the Guelph Storm in the OHL. In 548 career games, he has scored 35 goals and 136 assists for 171 career points. This season Girardi has four goals, 13 assists for 17 points in 60 games with New York.
Girardi is an effective two-way blue liner, who plays big minutes for New York, often being matched up against the other team's top line. He is a gritty and physical defender and also a good shot blocker. At the offensive end Girardi can be a good secondary powerplay type of option.
The Rangers were rumored to be shopping Girardi if they could not agree to an extension before the NHL trade deadline of March 5th.
The following statement was released on the Rangers Website:
“Dan (Girardi) has been a Ranger for his entire career, signing with us as an undrafted free agent and working his way to become a top defenseman in the NHL,” said Rangers President and General Manager Glen Sather. “His dedication to this club, as a leader both on the ice and in the locker room, is invaluable to this team. We are happy to have been able to ensure that he will continue to wear the Blueshirt.”
The move means that the Rangers cap crunch will likely force them to trade captain Ryan Callahan. He is also a free agent, and is looking for a huge contract, upwards of $6 million per season according to some reports. The Rangers will want to move him if a deal can not be reached before March 5th, and one seems unlikely at this point given his demands, and the Rangers projected cap space in 2014-15.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @lastwordBkerr. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter –@LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our Hockey writing team. Visit our “Write for Us” page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
Posted by Admin | March 10, 2017 | Action, Adventure, RPG.
TORRENT – FREE DOWNLOAD – CRACKED
Streets of Rogue – Fight, sneak, and hack your way through randomly generated cities. It's like Nuclear Throne meets Deus Ex, mixed with the anarchy of GTA. Rogue-lite meets…
Game Overview
Streets of Rogue is a rogue-lite about player choice, freedom, and anarchic fun. The game takes inspiration from fast-paced top-down rogue-lites like Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne, and adds free-form, experimentation-driven, emergent gameplay elements of RPGs like Deus Ex. Rather than taking place in a dungeon, the game is set in a functioning, procedurally generated city, where complex AI informs denizens from all walks of life, who are just trying to get by in their daily activities. In order to progress, the player will need to accomplish specific mission…
Streets of Rogue
Matt Dabrowski
tinyBuild
10 Mar, 2017
RPG, Action, Adventure
DOWNLOAD LINKS
Streets of Rogue
P2P
128 MB
TORRENT LINK
Streets.of.Rogue.Torrent
System Requirement
Minimum:
OS: Windows 7 or Later
Processor: Dual-Core Intel or AMD processor
Memory: 4 GB RAM
Graphics: DX9 (shader model 3.0) or DX11 with feature level 9.3 capabilities
Storage: 300 MB available space
Screenshots
Shafin Jahan's marriage to Akhila +
NIA to probe +
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday disapproved of the loud arguments of lawyer Dushyant Dave and objected to his accusation against BJP members that they were attempting to destroy communal harmony in Kerala by terming his clientaka Hadiya ‘love jihad'.Dave spared no one and targeted the Kerala high court judges for annulling the marriage, and entrusting Hadiya's custody to her parents. He slammed the decision asking thealleged ‘love jihad' despite there being no supervising retired SC judge as mandated by the SC order, besides faulting UP chief minister Yogi Aditya Nath for going to Kerala and “fuelling communal hatred”. He contrasted it with President Ram Nath Kovind's speech eulogising the culture of accommodation in Kerala.Dave's arguments, in response to submissions of additional solicitor general Maninder Singh that the NIA had found a pattern in “young Hindu girls being brainwashed to convert to Islam and marry Muslims”, and the impatience shown in hearing the court's view made a bench of CJI Dipak Misra and Justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud stop the arguments midway.The bench said it was looking for legal and logical answers to its primary question — whether the HC could annul a marriage in a father's petition seeking to know the whereabouts of his daughter. “Instead of answering this straightforward question, you (Dave) are running here and there and bringing all kinds of persons into the case. The way you are going — commenting on judges, political personalities — is not what we expect from you,” it said.“Keep political personalities out of arguments unless you have proof that they are directly involved in this case,” the bench said and adjourned the hearing to October 30. ASG Singh said it had become a habit with Shafin's counsel to browbeat others and prevent them from making submissions.Dave replied, “They browbeat us outside, so what is wrong if we do it inside the courtroom?” The bench said the issue before the apex court was whether the woman, a major, was mentally, physically or otherwise incapacitated to take an independent decision to marry a person of her choice, and second, whether the HC had the power to dissolve a marriage in a habeas corpus petition.
Honest Ziggy's Car Deals is a Family Owned Business serving the S.W.Florida community. We specialize in Buying, Selling and Trading Quality Automobiles, Trucks and Vans. We offer Everything from Affordable Transportation to Exotic and Classic Cars. Our friendly and professional staff is here to answer any questions you may have about our vehicles.
Whether you need a CAR, TRUCK, or SOMETHING ELSE, We have what you need at prices you can afford! At Honest Ziggy's Car Deals, our goal is to provide you with courteous, expedient and professional service of the highest caliber.
Voted Best Dealer in N Fort Myers
Buy Here Pay
0% Interest
No Dealer Fee
Mechanical Inspection Welcome
Welcome Sun Coast Credit Union
Over 10 years in business
Over 3000 cars sold
Apply Now for a Personal Loan from OneMain Financial
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who has just started a new “super PAC,” did not reserve his strong words to President Obama and Mitt Romney during his 40-minute interview with The New York Times on Friday. Speaking at the uptown headquarters of his private foundation, he also discussed the Massachusetts Democrat running for the Senate, Elizabeth Warren, in the context of communism, his support for the man she is seeking to unseat, Senator Scott P. Brown, a Republican, and a range of other issues.
The Brown-Warren Race
“What I've tried to do is find liberal middle-of-the-road Republicans and Democrats. In the Senate, Scott Brown, who single-handedly stopped the right-to-carry bill. You can question whether he's too conservative. You can question, in my mind, whether she's God's gift to regulation, close the banks and get rid of corporate profits, and we'd all bring socialism back, or the U.S.S.R.”
“But the bottom line is Scott Brown single-handedly stood up when we needed him to stop the right to carry on campus and in the streets of our city and our state and our country. And I said to him ‘You do that, and I'm going to support you.' Now, I don't have to agree with him on a lot of other things, although he's certainly no crazy right-wing – he's just more conservative than I am – but here's a guy that really made a difference, and if we don't support people like that, nobody's going to take risks.”
President Obama and Health Care
“It's not clear to me that the health care law is an intelligent way to get costs under control and improve the efficiency of health care.” “And I think one of the mistakes that the Obama administration made – and I've said this before as well – is that whether it was health care or Dodd-Frank or the debt ceiling, they let Congress write the legislation. I know of no time in history before that where any president would ever do that. The president sends a bill and then fights for it.”
On Mitt Romney and Bain Capital
“I do think that Romney's business experience would be valuable, but I don't know that running Bain Capital gives you the experience to run the country. The skills to manage Congress, which is your fundamental job as president, aren't necessarily the same.” “Executives, it's generally you have to make a decision — yes or no. We're going to go or not. We're going to buy it or sell it, or whatever. And it's a different mind-set and a different set of skills.”
Starting His Super PAC
“I happen to think that we have a two-party system more and more people don't think either party is representing them or willing to face the tough issues in this country: immigration, and guns, and choice, and gay rights, and health care costs, and allocating care, and deciding who gets what. Those kinds of things. And that's the gap I'm trying to fill.”
On the Bush Tax Cuts
“I particularly don't like a step function where anybody over or under ‘middle class' — I don't know what middle class is. But it's different in every part of the country. It's easy for me to say ‘You should live this way.' But he shouldn't, or I shouldn't.”
On Politicians and Powerful Lobbies
“Let's assume the N.R.A. is putting pressure on them. There has to be something more important than winning an election. I mean, if I stood up and said ‘I don't care about people's lives, let's them kill them. I care about my job I want to get re-elected,' I would make the front page of The New York Times, The Post and The News, a trifecta. That's in fact what they're doing, knowing full-well the carnage in the streets from guns, or the number of people who are getting killed from coal-fired power plant pollutants.”
China and the Candidates
Right-to-work is also a potent political symbol that carries serious financial consequences for unions. Corporations view such laws as an important sign that a state has policies friendly to business. Labor leaders say that allowing workers to opt out of paying any money to the union that represents them weakens unions' finances, bargaining clout and political power.
Organized labor has vowed to fight the Indiana bill, which it says would turn the state into the “Mississippi of the Midwest.” If the legislation passes, Indiana would become the first state to have such a law within the traditional manufacturing belt, a union stronghold that stretches from the Midwest to New England. Right-to-work laws exist in 22 states, almost all in the South and West, with Oklahoma the most recent to pass one, in 2001.
Right-to-work supporters say they can win quick passage because Indiana's Republican governor, Mitch Daniels, backs the bill and Republicans have large majorities in the House and Senate.
Photo
Democratic and union leaders say they hope to block the legislation, in part by flooding the statehouse with thousands of protesters — exactly as unions did last year in Wisconsin, Ohio and Indiana in an attempt to defeat legislation that limited bargaining rights for public sector workers. Democratic lawmakers in Indiana have also hinted that they might once again flee to Illinois, as they did last year, to block votes on anti-union bills.
Indiana's Republican leaders are eager to pass the bill — and end any related commotion — before Feb. 5, when the national spotlight turns to Indianapolis for the Super Bowl.
In heading the legislative push, Brian C. Bosma, the Republican speaker of the Indiana House, argues that not being right-to-work is a big handicap when Indiana competes for jobs.
“Local economic development officers testified that 25 to 50 percent of companies looking to create employment, whether through expansion or locating a new facility, just took Indiana and other non-right-to-work states off the table,” he said in an interview. “This is stopping employers from coming to Indiana. We need to deal with that.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Kevin Brinegar, president of the Indiana Chamber of Commerce, praised the bill as a low-cost way to improve the business climate. “It's not like we're going to spend a billion dollars on tax incentives,” he said. “It's free.”
But opponents say the talk of improving Indiana's business climate is just a pretext.
“It's a political attack on what the Republicans see as one of their main opponents — organized labor,” said Jim Robinson, the top United Steelworkers official in Indiana. “They want to weaken unions to help assure continued Republican majorities.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In Indiana, 8.2 percent — or 178,779 — of the state's private sector workers belong to unions, compared with 6.9 percent nationwide. That is down from more than 20 percent three decades ago as many unionized factories have closed and largely nonunion industries like finance and retail have expanded.
After Governor Daniels eliminated the ability of state employees to bargain collectively in 2005, Indiana's public sector unions grew weaker. Over all, organized labor here does not have nearly the electoral or lobbying clout that it has in states like California and New York, where unions remain powerful.
Thomas McKenna, who headed Indiana's Department of Commerce under a Democratic governor, said it was absurd for the bill's supporters to suggest that even one-quarter of companies ruled out Indiana simply because it does not have right-to-work status.
Photo
He said that the legislation's supporters had repeatedly refused to cite the name of any company that has taken that position. “I think they're making it up,” he said.
Many studies have assessed the impact of right-to-work legislation, although much of the research is from years ago, when right-to-work was a hotter issue.
Henry Farber, a labor economist at Princeton, said right-to-work laws, by allowing “free riders,” shrink union treasuries. One study found that the portion of free riders in right-to-work states ranged from 9 percent in Georgia to 39 percent in South Dakota.
In another study, David T. Ellwood, the dean of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, and Glenn A. Fine, a former Justice Department official, found that in the five years after states enacted such legislation, the number of unionization drives dropped by 28 percent, and in the following five years by an added 12 percent. Organizing wins fell by 46 percent in the first five years and 30 percent the next five. Over all, they found, right-to-work laws, beyond other factors, caused union membership to drop 5 percent to 10 percent.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Indiana Chamber of Commerce said that if Indiana had become right-to-work in 1977, its per capita income would be $2,925 higher because more factories and jobs would have come to the state. Richard Vedder, an Ohio University economist and the main author of the chamber's study, said economic growth had been faster in the 22 right-to-work states and the law was a major cause.
Martin Wolfson, a Notre Dame economist, disputed those findings. He disagreed that right-to-work laws increase incomes, and said there were other, more important causes for right-to-work states' faster economic growth, including the boom in oil prices and the influx of immigrants into Texas and Florida.
A recent study by the Economic Policy Institute, a labor-backed research center, found that in right-to-work states, wages were 3.2 percent, or $1,500, lower per worker each year, after accounting for the cost of living and other factors.
John Sampson, president of the Northeast Indiana Regional Partnership, an economic development group, said companies were attracted to right-to-work states not because of lower wages but because the weakened role of unions means that companies get greater operating flexibility, which lowers their costs.
“Some people will say this is about bashing organized labor,” Mr. Sampson added. “From my point of view, there's nothing better for labor than to create increased demand for jobs.”
YANGON (AFP) - A Myanmar beauty queen dethroned for alleged misconduct has absconded with her crown and free breast implants, the organiser said Friday.
Ms May Myat Noe, winner of Miss Asia Pacific World Super Talent 2014, was flown to South Korea for preparation to become a K-pop star.
But she was stripped of her crown for alleged dishonesty and bad behaviour, according to event spokesman David Kim in Seoul. "She lied a lot to us about many things. Our past queens also complained - because of her, their reputations will suffer," he told AFP. "We cannot manage her. We are very angry but we don't want a bad relationship between the Korean and Myanmar people."
He said that the organisation had paid US$10,000 (S$12,500) for a breast enlargement operation to help her to bud singing career. It also prepared two albums for her to record and provided choreographers and accommodation as part of several years of planned training and investment to turn her into a K-pop star, Mr Kim said.
There was no immediate comment from the dethroned beauty queen, who was thought to have returned to her home country.
As the former armed-ruled country opens up, Myanmar women are eyeing success in international beauty pageants.
Last year, a United States-educated business graduate was selected as the first Miss Universe contestant to represent Myanmar in more than 50 years.
CELEBRATIONS scheduled for New Year's Eve in Limerick city have been cancelled due to a threat of flooding.
The planned festivities were part of a €40,000 celebration backed by Limerick City and County Council.
Thousands of people were expected to line Clancy Strand, the city's boardwalks and bridges on New Year's Eve for the first fireworks display in the city on December 31 in five years, while a specially commissioned video projection was due to animate the facade of King John's Castle.
However, due to a high risk of flooding in the area, the event has now been postponed until St Patrick's Day 2018.
The decision to postpone the event was not taken lightly, according to Limerick City and County Council chief executive and director of service Caroline Curley.
“It is with great regret that this decision has been taken,” Ms Curley said.
“But in the interests of information from the event's safety officer, the impact of the weather on the installation and rigging of the event and the safety of the tens of thousands of people expected to come out for the New Year's Eve Extravaganza, it was decided to postpone the entire event.”
The equipment and the generator for the projection mapping were due to be erected tomorrow. However, Met Éireann has issued a yellow weather warning due to Storm Dylan, with wind gusts up to 110 km per hour forecast until the morning of New Year's Eve.
High tides are also predicted on Sunday, with an expected surge of 620 mm.
According to Limerick City and County Council, the expected low pressure and strong south west winds may increase the surge right up the River Shannon towards Limerick, similar to what happened during Storms Ophelia and Storm Brian.
Acting on health and safety advice, the Council said it has instructed that flood barriers be erected immediately along Clancy Strand, O'Callaghan Strand and the boardwalks.
These barriers will remain in place for New Year's Eve.
"This decision was not taken lightly,"Ms Curley said.
"But the decision was made this evening (Friday) to allow people to make alternative arrangements.”
Festivities planned for the New Year's Eve Extravaganza will now take place as part of the 2018 Limerick St Patrick's Festival, a collaborative event between Limerick City and County Council, Shannon Heritage and Limerick School of Art and Design LIT.
No more on shore wind farm schemes will be given the go ahead unless they have the support of local people, the new Energy secretary has said.
Amber Rudd, who was appointed last week in the post-election reshuffle, said the new powers would be in next week's Queen's Speech.
Miss Rudd also disclosed that the new Conservative Government would try to speed up extraction of shale gas and loosen rules so it could be extracted from under national parks.
In an interview with The Sunday Times, Miss Rudd said she liked to look at windfarms but recognised that their location was deeply divisive, with local people battling against them.
Miss Rudd said she did not personally “think they're an eyesore at all. I personally quite enjoy seeing them.”
But she added: “We can't have them on a scale in areas where people don't want them.”
Under current planning rules, big onshore wind farms are handled by a central Government quango which has the powers to over-ride the wishes of local people.
Energy secretary Amber Rudd plans to 'unleash solar revolution'
However the new powers – which Miss Rudd wants to be in place by this time next year – will hand these powers to councils, which in turn will have to consult residents first.
The legislation will also ensure that subsidies paid to operators of new onshore wind turbines will be banned.
The estimated 4,000 onshore wind turbines already constructed and 3,000 planned projects, which will provide power for seven million homes by 2020, will not be affected by the plans.
Miss Rudd said: “It will mean no more onshore wind farm subsidies and no more onshore wind farms without local community support.
“This is really important. I've already got my team working on it. That's going to be one of the first things we're going to do.
“I've put a rocket under the team to get it done, putting the local community back in charge. We're looking to do the primary legislation as soon as we can.
“Local planning authorities combined with no new subsidies will put local people in charge ... there will be a much more accountable democratic process.”
On shale gas extraction, Miss Rudd said: “With a Conservative majority I believe we'll be able to deliver shale, as we've always wanted to do, in a safe but beneficial way.”
She said the government would pass secondary legislation that would allow shale gas extraction under national parks, though drilling will remain banned, meaning the wells would have to be outside areas of groundwater and outstanding natural beauty.
Est. Retail Value: Estimated Retail Value Estimated Retail Value means the estimated retail value of the lot as submitted to Copart by the seller. This is displayed as "Est. Retail Value" on each lot page. If the lot has been damaged, this is the value prior to the occurrence of the damage.
Retail automobile values may be obtained from Kelley Blue Book (kbb.com) and many other sources on the web. This number is presented for informational purposes only. Copart or AutoBidMaster makes no representations as to the validity or accuracy of the listed value. Estimated Retail Value means theretail value of the lot as submitted to Copart by the seller. This is displayed as "Est. Retail Value" on each lot page. If the lot has been damaged, this is the value prior to the occurrence of the damage.Retail automobile values may be obtained from Kelley Blue Book (kbb.com) and many other sources on the web. This number is presented for informational purposes only. Copart or AutoBidMaster makes no representations as to the validity or accuracy of the listed value. $14,737 USD ?
Ownership Doc Type:
Due to variations in applicable laws and regulations, each state issues a wide variety of different types of ownership documents with certain rights and restrictions. As a result, upon transfer, reassignment, or registration, you may receive an ownership document which is different than (but similar to) the type listed on this page. Moreover, any change may result in significantly different rights and restrictions applicable to this vehicle, or may prevent you from registering this vehicle in your chosen state. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether any potential change will affect your intended use prior to bidding. Each state maintains information and resources online for this purpose.
Please see our " PA - CERTIFICATE OF SALVAGE FOR A VEHICLEDue to variations in applicable laws and regulations, each state issues a wide variety of different types of ownership documents with certain rights and restrictions. As a result, upon transfer, reassignment, or registration, you may receive an ownership document which is different than (but similar to) the type listed on this page. Moreover, any change may result in significantly different rights and restrictions applicable to this vehicle, or may prevent you from registering this vehicle in your chosen state. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether any potential change will affect your intended use prior to bidding. Each state maintains information and resources online for this purpose.Please see our " Member Terms and Conditions " and our " Rules & Policies " for more information. PA CERTIFICATE OF SALVAGE may change upon transfer or registration ?
Odometer: Odometer Odometer codes are shown to reflect the known reliability of the odometer reading. Actual Means that the odometer reading is believed to be the true and actual mileage of the lot. Exceeds Mechanical Limits Means that the true mileage of the lot cannot be expressed because it has exceeded the capacity of the odometer to measure it, in other words it has "rolled over". Exempt Means that by Federal Law, no odometer code is required to be displayed for this lot. Not Actual Means that the odometer reading does not correctly reflect the mileage of the lot or it cannot be ascertained. Odometer codes are shown to reflect the known reliability of the odometer reading.Means that the odometer reading is believed to be the true and actual mileage of the lot.Means that the true mileage of the lot cannot be expressed because it has exceeded the capacity of the odometer to measure it, in other words it has "rolled over".Means that by Federal Law, no odometer code is required to be displayed for this lot.Means that the odometer reading does not correctly reflect the mileage of the lot or it cannot be ascertained. 0 Not Actual ?
Primary Damage: Damage Codes are used to indicate known damage to the lot. Damage codes are listed as Primary Damage (1st) and Secondary Damage (2nd). Both Damage Codes indicate significant information about the lot and any one code should not be interpreted to carry more significance than the other.
These codes indicate known or reported damage only and are limited by their nature. Copart expressly disclaims the accuracy of Damage Codes, as information may not accurately reflect the type or extent of damage to any vehicle.
Damage Codes may not be used or relied upon for bidding purposes or for any other reason. AutoBidMaster and Copart strongly recommend that Buyers thoroughly inspect lots before purchase. Damage Codes are used to indicate known damage to the lot. Damage codes are listed as Primary Damage (1st) and Secondary Damage (2nd). Both Damage Codes indicate significant information about the lot and any one code should not be interpreted to carry more significance than the other.These codes indicate known or reported damage only and are limited by their nature. Copart expressly disclaims the accuracy of Damage Codes, as information may not accurately reflect the type or extent of damage to any vehicle.Damage Codes may not be used or relied upon for bidding purposes or for any other reason. AutoBidMaster and Copart strongly recommend that Buyers thoroughly inspect lots before purchase. FRONT END ?
Branch Co. mother says son was suspended from school after reporting knife. (Courtesy: Denise Davies)
COLDWATER, Mich. (NEWSCHANNEL 3) - A Branch County mother says her son was suspended from school for doing the right thing.
Kyler Davies, a 7th grade student, found a pocket knife in his backpack. His mom tells us she bought the bag at Goodwill and never checked it. When her son found it, he told a counselor, and was suspended.
"He was turning it over like he was supposed to, and you are punishing him for doing what's right. So what is that teaching these kids?" his mother Denise Davies asked.
Denise says she doesn't think her son, 12-year-old Kyler, will be back to Coldwater Community Schools.
On the first day of 7th grade at Legg Middle School, Kyler found a pocket knife in his backpack--a bag Denise bought at Goodwill.
"He pulled it out and his counselor was standing there, and he says can I call my mom? And she's like why do you need to call your mom. He says well, I found this, this isn't mine," she said.
The leather case was at the bottom of his bag.
Davies is a foster parent, and tells us none of her children have access to those types of items.
"I said I've never seen it, Kyler's hysterical: 'I've never seen it, mom. I swear,'" she said.
But Davies says, per school rules, the incident meant an automatic one year suspension--a punishment that was later knocked down to 30 school days.
The issue wasn't just contained to he classroom; it also spilled over onto the football field. Davies tells us the school tried to keep her son from playing football.
"The school told me he could not go to their property, he could not play; he can't ride he buses with his team because it's a Coldwater bus," she said.
We spoke with Coldwater Rocket Football, the organization that runs the local football program. It is independent of the district, and tells us the school wanted the rocket program to kick Kyler off the team, but they refused.
"I understand the violence stuff that's going on in schools, I said but when you get some boy that's honest and turns it in--he wasn't trying to hide it--and then he's getting punished for it," Denise said.
Newschannel 3 contacted Goodwill Industries of Central Michigan's Heartland, for a statement on the case.
We received the following, just after 3 p.m.
Goodwill Industries of Central Michigan's Heartland is a non-profit organization whose purpose is to create job training and employment opportunities for persons with barriers to employment.
Over 1 million items are donated to us each year and we are very grateful for that support. We take the safety of our customers, employees and community very seriously. Our staff does their best to inspect every item donated to us with safety in mind. However, we rely on people to inspect each item donated and it is possible something was missed.
We cannot say with absolute certainty that this event did or did not occur. If it did, we apologize and hope that the School Board takes this statement into consideration when making its decision about this student.
Newschannel 3 has also made several attempts to speak with Coldwater superintendent Terry Boguth. Just before 4 p.m., we received a statement on behalf of the district:
Coldwater Community Schools does not disclose information regarding the discipline of individual students under any circumstance. However, discipline procedures are in our student handbook and are consistent with Coldwater Community Schools Board of Education policies which comply with the current laws of the State of Michigan regarding student discipline.
Baltimore officials will pay a Florida company $187,000 for video cameras to record what happens inside police vans.
The decision comes after Freddie Gray, 25, suffered deadly injuries in the back of a police van last year.
The city's Board of Estimates approved a contract Wednesday with Point Blank Enterprises Inc., which won a bidding contest among six firms.
Point Blank "received a top tier technical score and provided the lowest price of the two technically responsive bidders," city officials wrote in board documents.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said adding the cameras is one piece of a larger effort — including equipping officers with body cameras and working with the Department of Justice on reforms — to build more accountability into policing in Baltimore.
"The driver has had the ability to see in the back. That information has not been able to be recorded," Rawlings-Blake said. "It will be helpful to have a better understanding in the department, a better understanding in the public, about the procedures for transporting suspects, as well as the conditions.
"Any time you are able to shine a light on it, it leads to better understanding and better accountability."
The mayor's administration asked companies in August for proposals to supply "in-vehicle video camera" systems for the Police Department's 23 transport vans. The city expects the systems to be equipped with GPS and touch screens and come with a training program for how to use the devices.
The most expensive bid came from Annapolis-based TeleCommunications System Inc., which proposed a contract of $632,000. The least expensive bid came from Kansas-based Digital Ally Inc., which proposed a $43,000 contract.
Gray sustained a severe spinal injury in the back of a police van after his arrest April 12; he died a week later. Six officers are charged in his death.
Several detainees have sued the department over the years, alleging they were hurt in so-called rough rides in police vans — most notably the relatives of Dondi Johnson Sr., who won a $7.4 million court judgment when he was left paralyzed, and soon died, after a 2005 police van ride that left his neck fractured. (A court later lowered the amount of the settlement.)
The contract is the second that city officials have proposed in recent months to prevent detainees from suffering injuries while in police custody.
In January, the spending board agreed to buy $200,000 worth of equipment that police say will improve the safety of the vans. The money paid for dividers to further separate detainees.
Rawlings-Blake said the goal was to improve the vans for passengers and for police. The Board of Estimates voted to authorize the Police Department to add new dividers to 13 existing vans and to 10 more that the department is buying.
Baltimore Sun reporter Yvonne Wenger contributed to this article.
lbroadwater@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
MARINA TOWERS
CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION (Above) The elevator lobby on the lower level of Marina Citys west tower on Thursday. (Click on image to view larger version.) 11-Jan-13  As residents of Marina City continue their protest of plans to renovate lobbies in both towers, a construction firm has proceeded with demolition. In the past week, the ceiling and carpet have been removed from the elevator lobby of the west tower and the walls have been stripped away, revealing earlier layers. In the outer lobby, the frame of a new security desk is in place. The lobby is closed to west tower residents, who must now use a smaller plaza-level entrance. Many of them have expressed dissatisfaction with the new lobby design, the timing of the project during winter, and the process by which the project was approved. On December 28, the condo association at Marina City was presented with a petition signed by about 250 unit owners, calling a special meeting at which to discuss the $258,599 project and its controversial design. As of Thursday, the association had not responded. If the request for a special meeting on January 24 is not granted, unit owners will meet anyway, according to Brian Muir, a real estate broker with an office at Marina City. Muir recently wrote to owners, informing them of the petition and problems the renovation was creating for residents. The lobby is now closed for two months in cold weather, Muir (left) told owners. This is causing a significant inconvenience to all west tower residents, especially the elderly, on a daily basis. Just to get their mail, residents must exit at the plaza level, go outside, and re-enter the building. On Thursday, architecture critic Lynn Becker, who lives at Marina City, shared his disapproval of the project, reminding his readers that lobbies define a buildings public character. What remains a mystery, wrote Becker, is why the Marina City condo board continues to insist on damaging the value of their investment through cheap, generic alterations that destroy the integrity of the historic, world-class design that makes Marina City one of Chicagos most distinctive properties. Related stories: Marina City condo board rejects petition by disgruntled owners
Over objection from residents, Marina remodeling gets underway By Steven Dahlman | Loop North News | sdahlman@loopnorth.com Published 11-Jan-13 4:19 AM Tweet FREE WEEKLY EMAIL UPDATE Whats news in the Loop and Near North neighborhoods of downtown Chicago. Signup for our weekly email. No ads and no charge. Just enter your email address here... Signup for our weekly email. No ads and no charge. Just enter your email address here... Number of subscribers:
See this weeks update
Wyoming Capitol. (Amy Richards/TSM via KGAB)
The Wyoming Senate Judiciary committee voted almost unanimously to reject a bill that would require doctors to provide inaccurate medical information to women seeking abortion care and counsel them on alternatives to having the procedure. It also rejected a forced 24-hour waiting period before terminating a pregnancy.
The Committee voted 4-to-1 to reject an “informed consent bill” that would have forced those who wanted an abortion to be given medically inaccurate information about risks and complications, abortion alternatives and ultrasounds, and force women to wait 24 hours after first being seen to have the procedure. Bill sponsor Senator Leslie Nutting dubbed it a “pro-women” bill, arguing that women are “too young” to know what an abortion is and what they will be doing unless someone explains it in great detail to them and forces them to wait and rethink their decisions.
“A majority of the women (getting an abortion) are under the age of 25 years old, and some are younger than that,” she told the Wyoming Tribune Eagle. “So it's a group that really needs information. This is information is needed by the woman so she can have a real choice because real choice demands knowledge.”
This makes the second abortion-related bill rejected by Wyoming committees. A “heartbeat” ban was killed in a House committee earlier in the week.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
It's easy to be cynical about Valentine's Day, especially for the single folk out there. However, unlike years past, the arrival of February and Valentine Fest should be heralded — quite frankly, the world could use a little more love these days.
The film “Love Actually” puts it best in the famous opening speech given by Hugh Grant: “General opinion's starting to make out that we live in a world of hatred and greed, but I don't see that. It seems to me that love is everywhere. Often it's not particularly dignified or newsworthy, but it's always there — fathers and sons, mothers and daughters, husbands and wives, boyfriends, girlfriends, old friends.”
So, why not use this Valentine's Day to spread the love to the special people in your life? And where better to look for inspiration than Broadway? Here are eight ideas for a musical-inspired Valentine's Day:
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
1. Tell Your Story
MY LATEST VIDEOS
The Beast had it right when he gifted Belle a library in an attempt to win her over in the stage adaptation of the Disney classic “Beauty and the Beast.” But not all of us have an unused library lying around.
Instead, take a page from Beast's book and write your story. Create a book telling the story of your love, be it romantic friendship or familial love. Include photos or even create your own illustrations if you are a gifted artist.
If you have a bit of money to spend, plenty of photo-book websites will provide beautiful templates that you can use as the basis for your book, You can add text and photos and end up with an impressive hardcover gift for your loved one.
2. Fight for a Cause
It wasn't just Tracy Turnblad's dancing that caught Link's eye in “Hairspray.” Her passion for integration and equal rights for all lit the spark of their love while also strengthening her relationships with her friends and family. It's a full-circle love story you can easily recreate.
Light your own spark by fighting for a cause. Maybe you're passionate about animals, the environment or eradicating homelessness. Whatever your cause of choice, get out there and make a difference together. Make a donation in your loved one's name or volunteer together in support of an organization. Grow your love while spreading love to those in need.
3. Music in the Key of Love
Get inspired by the Phantom and have a song written for your loved one à la “Phantom of the Opera.” The bride's musically talented brother and father recently did this at a wedding I attended, and the entire reception was in tears after the performance.
Not as musically inclined as Roger from “Rent?” Find a friend or hire a musician to help with your creation. Or, why not express yourself through the songs of others, like Huey and Felicia in “Memphis,” by making your loved one an exclusive music mix? Craft a meaningful playlist, or even kick it old school with a CD or cassette tape.
4. The Lost Art of Letter Writing
Hamilton wrote his way into Eliza's heart and the hearts of a nation. Write your loved one a letter telling them how much their presence in your life means. Grab some fancy stationery and your best pen and let history inspire your words. For ideas, check out Hamilton's Letters on the National Archives website or those of other greats in the anthology “Love Letters of Great Men.”
5. Back in Time
In an effort to remind her she is loved, Benny takes Nina on a retrospective of the magical moments they've experienced in their neighborhood in the musical “In the Heights.” Plan your own throwback and take a tour of your story. Visit all the important locations in your relationship and friendship and relive the memories together.
6. Baked With Love
If you are a culinary whiz, find inspiration in “Waitress” heroine Jenna. Try baking your loved one something special (Pinterest is overflowing with recipe ideas). Even better, spend time together in the kitchen making a special meal or attend a cooking class and learn how to make something new together.
7. Dance the Night Away
Every musical needs a good dance number. It's through dance lessons that Baby finds romance with Johnny and manages to unite everyone in love and friendship in the stage adaptation of “Dirty Dancing.”
Check out your city's online listings and see what kinds of classes are offered. Be it a sexy tango lesson with your significant other or a fun Beyoncé-inspired hip-hop class with your friends, it will be the valen-time of your life. See what I did there?
8. Come Fly With Me
There's plenty of love to go around on the Greek Island Kalokairi in “Mamma Mia.” And if “The Bachelor” has proven anything, it's that it's difficult not to love someone while on vacation. A trip can be a great way to spend meaningful time together this Valentine's Day.
Short on cash? Take a staycation where you live. Check out the local attractions, visit that restaurant you've always wanted to try, get pampered with a manicure or enjoy the natural beauty of the landscape.
Most important, remember that love comes in many forms, so be on the lookout for ways to spread the love this month. In the words of the genius Lin-Manuel Miranda, “Fill the world with music, love and pride.”
How are you planning to show the love this Valentine's Day? How has the theatre inspired you? Let us know in the comments below!
This week's controversy over comments by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and the assassination of his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by “second amendment people” echoes a flap during the 2008 primary when she mentioned the possibility of someone killing Barack Obama.
For those who don't remember the events of eight years ago, the Illinois senator had all but locked down his historic nomination, but former first lady was holding on until June, refusing to concede.
She explained during a May 23 editorial board interview with the South Dakota newspaper The Argus Leader that “historically” it made “no sense” for her to drop and that she found it a “bit of a mystery” why so much pressure was being applied to her.
When pressed further, Clinton then raised the memory of Robert F Kennedy's assassination, and the possibility of Obama getting murdered, as the reason why she was hanging on in there.
“My husband did not wrap up the nomination in 1992 until he won the California primary somewhere in the middle of June, right? We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California. You know, I just don't understand it and there's a lot of speculation about why it is,” Clinton said.
It was described by the New York Times as “one of the worst days” of her career, and the Obama campaign said the remarks were “unfortunate” and had “no place in this campaign."
Clinton later apologized for the remarks, stating that she had been misconstrued and that her point was that there have been “nomination primary contests that go into June. That's a historic fact.”
Now, Trump has been accused of making similar assassination remarks, which the Clinton campaign described as “dangerous.”
“A person seeking to be President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way,” said her campaign manager Robby Mook.
Clinton's running mate Tim Kaine also said on Tuesday, following Trump's remarks, that “nobody who is seeking the presidency should do anything to countenance violence.”
Nobody who is seeking the presidency should do anything to countenance violence. That's what Donald Trump did today: https://t.co/LLFQVVI2ck — Senator Tim Kaine (@timkaine) August 10, 2016
Like Clinton, Trump says he was misunderstood and the mainstream media is misleading people over what he said.
He claims it's part of a bid to “distract” from her stance against the second amendment of the US constitution, which states, "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed."
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 10, 2016
After the second debate, despite the consensus that he lost, Gov. Mitt Romney still held the advantage on the economy by a large margin. President Barack Obama and the Democrats need to change tack as Obama's arguments, while logical, still don't seem to be swaying the majority of an electorate who see the "businessman" label Romney carries as attractive.
Romney pretends to be in the corner of the job creator, but job creators don't matter without job doers, and he puts every obstacle in the way of job doers by cutting education. He saddles potential young entrepreneurs with onerous educational loans, making sure they are chained to a desk for the next 5-10 years instead of innovating.
As an entrepreneur and a Democrat I'm often frustrated with the insinuation by the right that liberals are inherently anti-business socialists whose only interest is rectifying income inequality at the expense of a vibrant economy. This couldn't be farther from the truth, and here are some of the things I wish the Democratic Party would emphasize.
1) Emphasize Job Doers as well as Job Creators
Hiring here in Silicon Valley is incredibly difficult, and it's because of the high salaries for engineers. Google pays their software engineers an average of $128,336. Many of my fellow Berkeley graduates started their careers with six-figure starting salaries. There are simply not enough engineers to fill the positions open for them. What use is there in creating jobs if people don't have the skills to fulfill them?
Now, one can argue that the engineer shortage can be remedied through comprehensive immigration reform: if we give more H1B visas to smart engineers, the salaries will deflate. This would help, but it is a stopgap measure, and does nothing for alleviating the unemployment of Americans.
The broader problem is our lack of science and math education. Republican plans to cut funding for higher education, and education in general, in order to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy is the wrong prescription. Even if it would create more jobs, a premise I don't accept, who would fill them?
Mozio has been forced to explore hiring software developers in Portugal or Spain for around 35k a year. We would prefer to hire engineers in San Francisco, but it is both expensive and difficult to compete with Google/Facebook.
2) Student loan debt = fewer young entrepreneurs
Both myself and my cofounder at Mozio were fortunate enough to graduate debt-free. Part of this is because we went to UC Berkeley, where tuition is half of what most private schools charge. Who knows if we could start this company if we were saddled with student debt.
Mitt Romney has said that students should do whatever it takes to get the maximum amount of education possible, taking out loans if they need to. I'm shocked that he doesn't understand that this could be the biggest hurdle to entrepreneurship. How many potential Mark Zuckerbergs are out there, unable to follow their dreams because they have to repay student loans for the next 5-10 years?
Cutting Pell grants and education funding like the Ryan Budget suggests only puts potential entrepreneurs in a bigger hole that they have to climb out of.
The ridiculously wealthy do not have a monopoly on good ideas. While there is no denying that growing up with advantages allows the entrepreneurial spirit to be set free, 90 percent of entrepreneurs are from middle and upper-lower class families, according to a study by the Kaufman foundation. Ninety-five percent earn bachelor degrees, and 47 percent have higher degrees. Wouldn't we get more entrepreneurs if we lowered the tax burden on these folks rather than obsessing about making things for the wealthy even easier? I'm pretty sure giving Donald Trump an extra 20 million dollars wouldn't have as big of an impact as alleviating student loans for 50 aspiring entrepreneurs
I realize there is a difference between sound logic and sound bites. I'm sure there are some very smart people in the Obama campaign that have probably thought of all these points, and then decided to go with buzz words like "outsourcing" because the average American attention span isn't too high. But Romney's continued lead on the subject of the economy even as he spouts nonsensical, nonspecific tax plans, says to me what they are doing isn't working. The Democratic Party needs to start emphasizing some of these policies less because they are the "right thing to do" morally, and more because they are the smart business decision.
It was around season four when Mad Men creator Matthew Weiner imagined the final image of Don Draper. The satisfying finale allows viewers to interpret that last shot of Draper however they please. But the actor who played the hard-drinking, chain-smoking ad exec for so many wonderful years, Jon Hamm, doesn't have the most positive interpretation of the character's final moment.
Below, hear what Hamm recently had to say about the Mad Men finale (spoilers ahead).
In the series finale, not long after Don breaks down and connects with another man who feels insignificant, he's meditating on a beautiful, sunny day. He smiles a little in this quiet moment, perhaps coming to a grand epiphany. Or maybe he only smiles because an idea for a Coke commercial suddenly comes to him, the famous 1971 Hilltop ad. One could also say he smiles for both reasons.
Hamm, on the other hand, doesn't think Draper walks away from that meditation session a new and greatly improved man. “That leopard is not changing his spots,” he said on The Rich Eisen Show. Here's the clip from the interview:
Hamm is maybe more realistic than cynical about Draper's future after the finale. It's understandable he thinks a character that damaged isn't changing anytime soon, but even when he comes up with the idea for the ad, there is an important personal realization in Hamm's view. Shortly after the finale aired, he told The New York Times the thought of the advertisement does give Draper some sense of certainty, identity, and comfort:
When we find Don in that place, and this stranger relates this story of not being heard or seen or understood or appreciated, the resonance for Don was total in that moment. There was a void staring at him. We see him in an incredibly vulnerable place, surrounded by strangers, and he reaches out to the only person he can at that moment, and it's this stranger. My take is that, the next day, he wakes up in this beautiful place, and has this serene moment of understanding, and realizes who he is. And who he is, is an advertising man. And so, this thing comes to him. There's a way to see it in a completely cynical way, and say, “Wow, that's awful.” But I think that for Don, it represents some kind of understanding and comfort in this incredibly unquiet, uncomfortable life that he has led.
Even the most optimistic of Mad Men fans might find themselves agreeing with Hamm's most recent take. Whether Draper changes much or finds some happiness in that final moment or not, he likely has another long road ahead of him. His flaws aren't going to disappear, but at least, in the end, he achieves comfort, even if it is brought to him by Coca-Cola.
Image copyright Getty Images
The case for raising US interest rates has "strengthened", the head of the Federal Reserve has said.
Speaking at an annual meeting of central bankers, Janet Yellen was cautiously upbeat about the US economy.
She said economic growth and a stronger jobs market meant "the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months".
There has been a growing expectation that US interest rates will rise this year.
Some economists are saying that the next hike could even come next month.
The central bank raised interest rates at the end of last year for the first time in nearly a decade, but has held them steady amid concerns over persistently low inflation.
'Gradual' rises
Ms Yellen, speaking at a three-day symposium in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, did not comment on when rates would rise. But she said "the US economy was nearing the Federal Reserve's statutory goals of maximum employment and price stability".
She added: "In light of the continued solid performance of the labour market and our outlook for economic activity and inflation, I believe the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Consumer spending grew faster than initially estimated in the second quarter of the year
However, Ms Yellen emphasised that future rate increases should be "gradual".
She noted that inflation is still running below the Fed's 2% target, but said this is being depressed mainly by temporary factors.
Growth data
Subadra Rajappa, head of rates strategy at Société Générale, in Washington, said: "We weren't really expecting her to signal a hike at the September meeting, but she's just kept the door open for a hike sooner rather than later.
"I think that the Fed wants to get the market to start pricing in a hike for this year, which they weren't doing earlier, and now I'm seeing the probability of a hike by December has gone up slightly over a coin toss."
John Canally, economist at Boston-based LPL Financial, added: "It looks like she is warming a little more to a hike this year, probably not September but probably December."
Signs of slow improvements in the US economy came in data published on Friday. Although the growth rate of second quarter GDP was revised down slightly, from an annual rate of 1.2% to 1.1%, consumer spending - which makes up more than two-thirds of US economic activity - was revised up from 4.2% to 4.4%.
Separately, US Labor Department figures showed that initial claims for state unemployment benefits slipped 1,000 to a seasonally adjusted 261,000 for the week ended 20 August. It was the third straight weekly decline in claims.
On Tuesday, Commerce Department data showed that US new homes sales jumped in July to their fastest rate in nearly nine years.
Ms Yellen's remarks helped lift US share markets in early trading, but stocks began to drift slightly lower in afternoon trading. On the currency markets, the dollar was flat against the euro at $1.1286 and slightly lower against the yen at 100.28 yen.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A few faint glimmers of hope surfaced on Monday in the U.S. fiscal standoff, both in Congress and at the White House, with President Barack Obama saying he would accept a short-term increase in the nation's borrowing authority to avoid a default.
Separately, a Senate aide said Republican Senator Rob Portman, an Ohioan influential on budget issues, was floating a plan to cut federal spending and reform the U.S. tax code as part of a broader deal to reopen shuttered government agencies and raise the government's debt ceiling.
While Portman's initiative may or may not gain traction, most lawmakers believe that a budget deal like it will be necessary to end the current stalemate.
But seven days into a government shutdown and only 10 days from a critical need to raise the nation's debt limit, nothing amounting to a breakthrough was in sight.
Democrats, and Obama, stepped up their criticism of House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner for refusing to schedule a vote on a no-strings-attached measure to fund the government and end the shutdown. They believe it would pass with most Democrats in the House voting for it along with a handful of Republicans. Boehner said Sunday that it would fail.
“If Republicans and Speaker Boehner is saying there are not enough votes, then they should prove it,” said Obama.
Obama's press secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters the president would be willing to accept a short-term debt ceiling increase in order to get past the potential crisis date of October 17 when the government hits the $16.7 trillion borrowing limit.
Carney said that while the White House would prefer raising the ceiling enough to last a year, “we have never stated and we're not saying today that the debt ceiling ought to be or can be any particular length of time.”
A short-term increase would give Republicans and Democrats some breathing room, but by itself would not address the substantive issues preventing an agreement.
The last big confrontation over the debt ceiling, in August 2011, ended with an 11th-hour agreement under pressure from shaken markets and warnings of an economic catastrophe if there was a default.
OBAMA OPEN TO TALKS, AFTERWARDS
Obama said he is open to negotiations over his healthcare plan, a slight change of tone, but only after Congress approves measures to end a week-long government shutdown and raise the U.S. debt ceiling.
“As soon as that happens I am eager and ready to negotiate with Republicans on a whole range of issues: how do we create more jobs, how do we build the economy, how do we boost manufacturing,” said Obama, in a visit to the Federal Emergency Management Agency on Monday to spotlight the loss of government services because of the shutdown.
“I'm happy to talk about healthcare. I'm happy to talk about energy policy, how do we deal with our long-term fiscal situation,” he said.
Obama has been particularly resistant to any tampering with his healthcare law, which has experienced a series of problems in the initial rollout. Any negotiations over it would be aimed at tinkering with it to improve it, not gut funding for it as Republicans want, White House aides have said.
Conservative Republicans in the House of Representatives have resisted funding the government for the current fiscal year until they extract concessions from Obama that would delay or defund his signature healthcare law.
Many conservative Republicans, particularly in the House, want a similar condition placed on raising the debt ceiling, as well as measures aimed at cutting deficits.
More moderate Senate Republicans disapproved of using Obamacare as a bargaining chip from the start, arguing that it because it is non-negotiable for Democrats, it would inevitably lead to a shutdown and sour voters on the Republican Party.
The latest polling is bolstering their concerns. In the latest survey, by the Washington Post and ABC News, 70 percent disapproved of the way Republicans in Congress are handling the conflict versus 61 percent who disapproved of congressional Democrats.
Obama came off the best, with 51 percent disapproving of his handling of the crisis. The margin of error was plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
U.S. House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) arrives at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, October 5, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
A Senate Republican aide, who asked not to be identified, said that Portman's proposals were in an early stage, but it contained elements that could be acceptable to both sides.
Under the proposal, Obama would win a full year of government funding, instead of a short-term spending bill lasting several weeks that would have to be renegotiated in November or December, the aide said.
Republicans would get the strict across-the-board spending cuts that currently are in place, which many liberal Democrats, and some more centrist Republicans, want to scrap.
In addition, the fiscal package would contain $600 billion in savings over 10 years that already have been proposed by President Barack Obama in his budget submissions to Congress.
The aide said the savings would come mainly from “mandatory” programs. Those generally refer to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, the benefit programs for retirees and for the elderly and poor to receive healthcare.
The remaining piece of the puzzle would be instructions to tax-writing committees in Congress to write legislation by next year to reform the tax code in a way that would help further grow the U.S. economy.
LIMITED ROOM
The aide said that Portman has floated the idea to other Republican senators, including Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, as well as some Democrats.
Obama has limited room to negotiate on Social Security and Medicare thanks to his own Democrats, who have in the past resisted cuts to those programs.
Boehner vowed on Sunday not to raise the U.S. debt ceiling without a “serious conversation” about what is driving the debt, while Democrats said it was irresponsible and reckless to raise the possibility of a U.S. default.
Financial markets showed signs of growing anxiety on Monday over the dispute. The dollar and global equity markets fell on Monday with the Standard & Poor's 500 Index closing down 0.9 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index dropping 1 percent.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew speaks with host Bob Schieffer on "Face the Nation" in Washington, in this photo courtesy of CBS News, taken October 6, 2013. REUTERS/CBS News/Chris Usher/Handout via Reuters
The three main credit rating agencies have all warned that the United States rating could be cut should it hit an expected October 17 deadline when Washington is set to run out of cash, endangering its ability to pay its debt.
The Pentagon said over the weekend that it would recall around 350,000 of its furloughed civilian workers. The rest of the 800,000 or so federal employees idled by the shutdown faced another week off the job.
The University of Victoria Vikes are in a bit of a rebuild era in women's soccer.
“We are still trying to establish who we are,” said head coach Tracy David. “And we are about to find out real quick.”
article continues below
No kidding.
Opening the Canada West regular season today against the defending CIS national champion UBC Thunderbirds, at 2 p.m. at Centennial Stadium, is about to bring to the Vikes some very rapid self-identity.
The Thunderbirds are top-ranked in the CIS to start the 2016 season.
“It's a big test right off the bat. But we have to play [the Thunderbirds] sometime, so why not right away?” said David, of the ordeal by fire off the top.
Not that UVic hasn't been among the Canada West elite itself, having made the playoffs the past five consecutive seasons and 13 of the 15 years David has coached the Vikes.
UVic did not make the national CIS top-10 poll but was rated No. 4 in the Canada West pre-season coaches poll behind UBC, Trinity Western and Calgary in the 16-team conference.
The Vikes' strength is on the back line, where most of the veterans play.
David cited 2015 Canada West second-team all-stars and fifth-year returnees Lindsay Machin, the centre back, and Meaghan Storie, the goalkeeper. She also pointed to fifth-year defender and Claremont-grad Samantha Lee.
That back side of our team is really important for us,” said David.
“We are going to heavily rely on those players.”
Offence will be more problematic.
“We have a few issues generating opportunities,” said David.
“We are going to have to capitalize on our chances.”
Most capable of doing that are sophomore striker and Stelly's Secondary graduate Kiara Kilbey and former Pac-12 University of Oregon Ducks fifth-year attacking-midfielder Mia Gunter.
Nothing will come without dedication, effort and focus for this team, added the bench boss.
“We have to be committed to really working hard every game. We can't take any team lightly,” said David.
Whatever the Vikes get this year, they will have to earn it with some old-fashioned sweat and elbow grease.
cdheensaw@timescolonist.com
Twitter.com/tc_vicsports
FRESNO, Calif. (AP) -- The black suspect in a racially motivated shooting rampage in Fresno was charged Wednesday with three counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of white men he targeted randomly on the street, prosecutors said.
The charges come just over a week after Kori Ali Muhammad was charged with killing a white motel security guard days before the rampage. Muhammad told investigators that learning he was wanted for that slaying led him to try to kill as many white people as possible before he was caught.
Police say Muhammad, 39, laughed as he explained in police interviews how he shot men sitting in a utility truck, carrying a bag of groceries and waiting for a bus in the same neighborhood on April 18.
Kori Ali Muhammad also was charged with three counts of attempted murder for those he shot at but didn't hit, one count of shooting at an occupied vehicle and possession of a firearm, prosecutors said.
Muhammad faces a death sentence or life in prison if convicted, Fresno District Attorney Lisa Smittcamp said in a statement.
Muhammad was supposed to be told of his initial first-degree murder charge in court last Friday, but it didn't happen as he yelled out, "Let black people go!" and a phrase similar to "in reparations" that was not clearly enunciated.
His court appointed lawyer, Eric Christensen, then told the judge: "I believe this gentleman may not be mentally competent to proceed."
Muhammad shouted again, and the judge canceled the hearing, setting bail at $2.6 million and ordering a mental evaluation. Christensen declined to comment further after the hearing.
The killings began at a Motel 6 where the defendant got into an argument with unarmed security guard Carl Williams. Muhammad told authorities that he shot Williams because the guard showed him disrespect while he visited a woman.
He ran away and hid in a ravine for two days. When he decided to carry out more killings, Zackary Randalls was the first to die, police say.
Muhammad is accused of walking up to a Pacific Gas & Electric truck and firing into the passenger seat. Randalls, 34, had just started work as a customer-service representative and was doing a ride-along, something he was excited about, friends said.
Mark Gassett, 37, was shot next, just after he had picked up groceries at a Catholic Charities building. The gunman pumped two more rounds into Gassett as he lay on the ground.
Next, Muhammad shot toward a bus stop after spotting three white men, police said. They scattered, and , authorities said Muhammad picked the one who was older and appeared heavier: David Jackson, 58.
Muhammad fired 17 rounds in less than two minutes, police said. With help from acoustic sensors, officers in the area arrested him within minutes of the gunfire ringing out.
He has a long criminal history and filled his social media feeds with posts about black separatism, reparations and "white devils."
Nearly one in five Americans has not had enough money to buy the food they needed in the past year, a Gallup poll finds. But there are wide disparities from state to state and regionally. In North Dakota, just 9.6 percent of people have lacked enough money for food.But if you live in Mississippi, there's a 24.9 percent chance that sometime in the past year you haven't been able to buy the food you and your family need. If you live in Alabama, it's a 22.9 percent chance. In all, there are 15 states in which at least one in five people can't always afford enough food.
Many of these people are working. Like the New Hampshire home care worker who walks as much as an hour from appointment to appointment every day, struggling with an inconsistent paycheck and a recent loss of food stamps:
Without the food stamps, she sometimes gets groceries from food pantries, but they don't provide much of the items she needs most. In a week, she said, she might get one package of meat, enough for a single meal. When food is low, she said, she still tries to provide for the kids. “I'm the one that's not eating much,” she said. “Sometimes it's hard because you get dizzy from not eating.”
There are days I have skipped meals so my husband and son will not. If they notice, I let them think I am fasting. I also water down my juice and milk so that it lasts longer. I utilize food pantries, but it is not enough. We've had to ration our meals. On more than a few occasions, we were extremely low on food for five or six days until pay day. And, many times, by the end of the night, the amount of food we have consumed during the entirety of the day is what we used to eat in one meal.
When I was a cashier at Walmart when I was younger, I would see the decisions some senior citizens had to make when it came to buying food or medicine. Their medicine often ranked first so that meant that Vienna sausages and crackers sufficed for the month for sustenance.
Or like Cheryl Preston, of Roanoke, Virginia, who writes that since her monthly income was cut by $500, and with her husband's job not always giving him 40 hours of work a week,Michelle Croy, a student teacher who is now struggling to feed her own family, writes that:At the other end of the age range, many people who can't afford enough food have kids, and that's reflected in the classroom. Three out of five public school teachers say they see kids coming to school hungry , and many teachers report buying food for their students. The hunger situation may get worse in coming months, with food prices expected to rise due to the drought.
Conservative responses to information like this tend to fall along a few predictable tracks. There's the "beans and rice are cheap" argument—if you're hungry, it's because you're wantonly, wastefully trying to have a varied, not totally bland diet. There's the "but I bet these supposedly broke people have a television" argument—one that ignores that, for instance, Cheryl Preston's struggles are recent. Lots of people have televisions and DVD players bought before financial problems hit (or given as gifts, or bought used and cheap).
But the argument we need to hear is that when 18.2 percent of Americans, and 24.9 percent of Mississippians, are hungry sometimes because they can't afford to eat, it's not an individual problem. It's not about household finances, it's about the organization of the national economy. Is this the economy we want, one where a majority of teachers look across the classroom at hungry kids and where mothers and grandmothers are pretending to fast so their family members will have something like enough to eat? Republicans seem to be answering yes, with their opposition to making sure work pays enough to eat by raising the minimum wage, their opposition to rewarding companies that keep jobs here, not ones that ship them overseas, and their opposition to any legislation that would create good jobs. We know how to cut down on poverty and hunger. It's just that one party is standing in the way on purpose.
The Nets may have traded away most of their future cap space and draft picks to obtain KG and “The Truth”, but they sneakily held on to one of their aces, Bojan Bogdanovic, a Croatian star who may just be the answer to how the Nets will transition into the post-KG era.
After a horrid 11-20 start, the Nets have managed to turn things around since New Year's, and have started to find some sort of identity as a team. After trading for Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce this past summer, the Nets left themselves with very little in the way of draft picks and cap space over the next few years. With KG, Pierce and Joe Johnson not getting any younger, the Nets will need to be crafty to have a shot at contending without breaking up their core.
Enter Bojan Bogdanovic, one of the most explosive scorers in Europe, whose rights the Nets have retained since he was the 31st pick of the 2011 draft. Playing for Fenerbahce Ulker Istanbul, Bogdanovic is a 6'8” small forward, who can flat out get buckets. While most European players are stereotyped as shooters, Bogdanovic is excellent at taking it to the rack, where he excels as a finisher. While current Net, Mirza Teletovic, was more of a spot-up shooting go-to guy in Europe, Bogdanovic does most of his damage off the dribble, and will likely have an easier adjustment to the NBA than most Europeans.
Bojan Bogdanovic NUMBER:44 POSITION: SF SIZE:203 cm / 6”8 BALL HAND: Right BORN:1989 Drive first face-up wing with size. Can create his own shot. Attacks the rim with an array of moves off the dribble, where he is capable of finishing through contact and getting to the line. Effective in catch-and-shoot situations. Capable of pulling up off the dribble. More than 5 years of experience in top level professional competition in Europe. Hard worker and competitor.Turnover prone. Inconsistent shooter off the dribble, sometimes due to poor shot selection, settling for contested pull-ups. Below average lateral quickness defensively.
Season Team GP Minutes FG% 3PT% FT% REB AST STL BLK Foul TO PTS 11'-12' Fenerbahce 48 23.5 48.3% 36.8% 82% 2.3 1.4 0.5 0.2 1.6 1.2 13.4 12'-13' Fenerbahce 51 26.9 49.3% 38.7% 83% 2.4 1.7 0.5 0.4 1.4 1 14.2 13'-14' Fenerbahce 26 27.9 50% 36.1% 82% 2.7 2 0.6 0.3 1.4 1.6 15.1
The thing that makes Bogdanovic special is his versatility offensively. His outside shot is above average, mainly due to his overall confidence in his ability. He is very effective posting up guards on switches, and overall has a knack for finding a way to exploit a defense's weaknesses. Getting the opportunity to play one or two years with Paul Pierce, one of the best flat out scorers of this generation, Bogdanovic would be in a great situation to learn the nooks and crannies of being a scorer in the NBA. More importantly, his production can soften the blow of the eventual loss or decline of Pierce and Joe Johnson.
Defensively, Bogdanovic does not stand out. His lateral quickness is below average, and he will most likely not be able to guard the top penetrating guards in the NBA and consistently stay in front. However, since playing for coach Obradovic (see below), he has shown more consistent focus and effort on the defensive side of the floor, and is able to hide his weaknesses by staying on the same page with his teammates on defense. While his ability to stop penetration will prevent him from being a lockdown defender, on a good defensive team he can make an impact (or at least not be a liability) with competitiveness and effort.
Bogdanovic is currently playing for former Serbian coach, Zeljko Obradovic, an 8-time Euroleague champion, and one of the most demanding coaches worldwide. Obradovic is probably the closest thing you will find to Larry Brown in Europe, putting a strong emphasis on playing the right way, and giving everything of yourself for the team. Coach Obradovic will not hesitate to bench a player for making a “basketball IQ” type of mistake, and his star players are held just as accountable. After playing for Obradovic, Bogdanovic should have no issue fitting into a veteran-laden Nets squad, and making the foul needed to stop a transition basket, or diving onto the floor for a loose ball.
The Nets were not able to bring Bogdanovic on board this past summer, despite offering him a 3-year, $10 million contract, due to a massive buyout in his contract with Fenerbahce, reportedly set at over $2 million. However, Bogdanovic has publicly expressed his desire to play for the Nets, and whether it is the summer of 2014 or 2015, he will be suiting up stateside in the near future.
While the 2014 draft class is set to be very strong, Bogdanovic would be one of the strongest rookies in the league next year, after a wealth of experience in the Euroleague, Spanish ACB league, Adriatic League, and the Turkish TBL. While he is still relatively young, being born in 1989, this is no typical rookie. He will go through the inevitable transition period, as there is for any rookie, especially from Europe, but this kid can flat out play at the highest level, and he should prove to be one of the big steals of the 2011 draft.
Bogdanovic may not be able to fix Brook Lopez's foot, or find a solution to the Nets' atrocious cap situation, but he certainly can bring some much-needed youth and bench scoring to a team that is currently defaulting on the mortgage they took out this past summer.
SmokeTooMuch CPU-mined large amounts of bitcoin with an ordinary computer. He has never attended a bitcoin conference and has never sought to become a bitcoin evangelist. His view of bitcoin is strongly political: he hopes bitcoin can break the power of the banks and enable people's direct engagement in society. Today, he is disappointed that bitcoin's success is measured by how many merchants are paid in dollars through BitPay. This is the portrait of a faceless man.
There are early adopters who give bitcoin a face. The Roger Vers and Andreas Antonopolouses of the world. They preach bitcoin, show up at bitcoin conferences, invest in bitcoin start-ups and give public interviews.
And then there are the early adopters without a face. Like SmokeTooMuch. He was the first German bitcoiner. He mined thousands of bitcoins and is still enthusiastic about the cryptocurrency. But he doesn't preach bitcoin, doesn't show up at conferences, has founded no start-ups and has never given an interview.
You can find his history on bitcointalk. If you surf its very earliest pages, you will find his first post, back in December 2009: ‘Hi, yesterday I stumbled upon this great payment . I read my way through many sites but now I have some questions that couldn't get answered.' Later, he posts on the German subforum. Not often, but his posts are suffused with the authority of an early adopter. Once, when he writes that he wants to sell some bitcoins, someone asks if he wants to buy an island.
‘By using drugs I learned early on how repressive the supposedly “free” nations actually are.'
I wrote Smoke a message and asked for an interview. To my pleasure he answered. We exchanged messages for some months. Every message was encrypted; Smoke wants to maintain his privacy. No real name, no place, no age, no occupation, no face.
I asked him about his pseudonym. He answered with amusement that he was smoking cannabis regularly at the time. Smoking weed – or the ostracism and criminal activity this behaviour can entail – certainly shaped his ideology. He is still angry at a state that prohibits a pleasure that doesn't do any harm to anybody. ‘By using drugs I learned early on how repressive the supposedly “free” nations actually are.'
Smoke is political. Very political. In his view, bitcoin is not about money, but about power, participation and freedom. Beside cannabis, file-sharing has shaped his ideology. He did, like so many others, download music, movies and software with KaZaA and eMule until the state once again interfered and forced those platforms to close. Smoke realized the internet was a battlefield, and he watched with fascination how the decentralised networks won the war. ‘As a teenager I was enthusiastic about how file-sharing moved from central servers to distributed networks and became resistant against censorship.'
Then 9/11 happened, and with it the Patriot Act, Afghanistan, Iraq, Guantanamo, Hartz. Smoke realized ‘what 9/11 and the media has done to society.' He decided ‘that political progress was no longer possible through traditional means.' He started to read up on technology that protected him from surveillance, like VPN, Tor, I2P and so on. ‘At this time I regularly Googled terms like “open source”, “decentralised”, “distributed”, “encrypted” and “anonymous”, hoping to find a piece of software that combined these principles into a wonderful gift for humanity.'
‘At this time we just started to create a market and learn what we could do with bitcoin.'
He also found… bitcoin. A few websites later he discovered bitcointalk, where the atmosphere was familial and Satoshi Nakamoto himself answered Smoke's questions. Smoke felt he had found something big. ‘I was sure I had discovered a tool that enabled me, an information scientist with strong political views, to participate in social progress again.' The possibilities seemed endless. ‘At this time we just started to create a market and learn what we could do with bitcoin. To be a part of this process was very satisfying.' Bitcoin, a gift for humanity – and a gift for SmokeTooMuch.
Early miners had a large advantage: they were few and mining was easy. Smoke mined thousands of bitcoins with a single core of a Core2Quad Q9450 (bought for €69, courtesy of Google Shopping). Later, he used an ATI Radeon (no longer available), which he heavily overclocked until it broke. After that he stopped mining.
Altogether Smoke mined with this equipment ‘significantly more', as he vaguely comments, than 10,000 bitcoins. For a while he owned one percent of all bitcoins in existence. In 2010, Smoke tried to sell 10,000 bitcoins for a total of $50. Nobody wanted to buy – which was, with hindsight, good for Smoke. ‘I was one of the ones who sold bitcoins and bought things with them when the price was less than a dollar. I don't regret having done this. Someone had to get the ball rolling.'
However many bitcoins Smoke might still hold today, the cryptocurrency was a gift for him. It gave him financial independence, made paying for his IT studies easy, and gave him the freedom to decide what he should do and how much he would work. He has the freedom to spend more of his time on things that are more important than money and a career.
What are these things? He doesn't want to say. When he makes excuses for a long delay before answering, he always explains with ‘projects', without going into details.
‘You used to be ok, but since you got rich you've become an asshole.'
Smoke needed two years ‘to REALLY understand bitcoin.' He started the German subforum of bitcointalk, answered questions by newbies and invested his bitcoins in software projects. He spent 292 bitcoins on the Namecoin project, but never did learn if that money was used. He also tried to spend 500 bitcoins on the Chaos Computer Clubs, but his email was never answered.
In the early days Smoke gave away bitcoins to his friends. ‘Certainly I raved about bitcoin. But my friends weren't interested, so I stopped talking about it.' With hindsight, says Smoke, he would have been more careful who he told about his bitcoins. 'Sooner or later you lose control of who knows about it.' Maybe some people he didn't really know asked Smoke if he would give them ‘a few bitcoins' during the great bubble 2013.
Smoke likes to talk about his passion for bitcoin, but he doesn't like to give numbers. ‘One reason is security. I don't believe I have enough bitcoins to get ransomed or kidnapped. But people have been killed for smaller sums.' Another reason is that knowing about someone else's wealth often alters the perceptions about that person. ‘And suddenly they say: “You used to be ok, but since you got rich you've become an asshole.”'
‘In a repressive system you can only act freely under the umbrella of anonymity.'
Since the beginning of bitcoin, Smoke has separated his real name from his bitcoin identity. ‘In the early days the future legal position of bitcoin was far from clear. Such a disruptive technology could easily have been banned. This was the main reason for the separation.' Smoke never presented himself as a bitcoin evangelist and he has never attended a bitcoin conference. ‘For me, bitcoin always was an “underground” thing. Also, I'm not a person that seeks the limelight or wants to communicate excessively with other people.'
However, he spent much time in the community. He hoped that bitcoin would initiate some kind of change – that it would enable grassroots participation and break the domination of the established system. Partly, thinks Smoke, this has come about. ‘A practical example for the progress of society are the darknet markets. They help to disempower the drug cartels and stimulate the self-confidence of consumers, who no longer have to meet shady people to buy expensive drugs of questionable quality.'
Crucial elements are anonymity and the lack of a middleman. ‘In a repressive system you can only act freely under the umbrella of anonymity. And without a middleman you can be sure the vendor really receives his money.' Smoke thinks that in the medium-term bitcoin will end the war against drugs and bring about complete legalisation.
Bitcoin doesn't need mainstream success
However, Smoke is deflated now. Maybe even disappointed. ‘In the beginning I thought, bitcoin might be the magical patch you stick on a broken world and everything will be better. Now I don't believe this any more.' Smoke engages less in the community, ‘less and less, the more I see the impact of negative aspects, such as the centralization of mining, but also, that the community seems to measure the success of bitcoin by the number of merchants who accept dollars via BitPay, or by the number of millions that investors have given to some start-up. For me these things don't sound like bitcoin. We still haven't broken the power of bankers or denuded states of the instrument of inflation.'
Smoke regards bitcoin as a multi-tool that, he says grudgingly, is used by different people for different purposes. ‘So today you don't fight against the financial system or repressions of the state over the best method to buy a coffee.' And if you give centralized processors the same power that previously the banks had, it doesn't matter, because it helps bitcoin reach the mainstream.
In Smoke's view bitcoin doesn't need to celebrate mainstream success to be a durable currency. ‘This was bitcoin from the very beginning.' He wishes a return to principles like decentralization. All users should keep control of their private keys, and projects like OpenBazaar and DarkWallet should enjoy more support.
‘Furthermore we have to free ourselves from the idea that the success of BitPay or Coinbase reflects the success of bitcoin itself. The merchants using them to process payments don't care about bitcoin.' However, the most important aspect of decentralization is not to ‘let the large and powerful dictate how you use bitcoin,' he concludes.
AS Scots from all over the country send their Valentine's Day love to the EU, the European Parliament's chief Brexit negotiator has told The National, Europe “cannot afford to lose” Scotland.
Guy Verhofstadt said Europe is well aware that a majority of Scots voted to stay within the bloc in last year's referendum.
“Europe hasn't forgotten that a large majority of the Scottish people voted to remain,” Verhofstadt said. “We need the Scottish people and their firm European beliefs.
“Scotland has shaped European civilisation, through iconic figures such as David Hume, Alexander Fleming and Adam Smith and still does so today by being at the forefront of defining and strengthening European values. We cannot afford to lose that.”
There was also love from Elmar Brok, the German chairman of the European Parliament Committee on Foreign Affairs, and a senior member of Angela Merkel's CDU party. He said that his student days in our capital had stayed with him: “As a student I spent one year in Edinburgh. Since that time, Scotland is my big love,” Brok said. “Due to this emotional bond I always have an open heart for the interests of Scotland.”
The lovebombs from Verhofstadt and Brok, came as a new report showed that the Westminster Tory Brexit is preventing Scotland's shops, factories and hospitals from filling job vacancies.
According to the latest Labour Market Outlook published by the CIPD and the Adecco Group, labour and skills shortages are being reported in the food supply chain, manufacturing, health care and hospitality.
And, shockingly, the poll said one in four firms has evidence that the EU nationals they currently employ are considering leaving their job or leaving the UK in 2017.
Deidre Brock, the Edinburgh North and Leith MP, said: “This report is another worrying signal of the effect a hard Tory Brexit is likely to have on our economy – the lack of clarity being provided by Theresa May has created uncertainty for our businesses, and for EU nationals living and working in the UK, and it's putting off workers who would otherwise have been attracted to the come to the UK.”
Around 20,000 EU nationals in Scotland work in the accommodation and food services which accounts for one in ten of all those working in the industry and 12,000 EU nationals are employed in the health and social work sector. More than half of EU nationals in Scotland live in the cities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen or Dundee with the highest proportion, around 59,000, living in Edinburgh.
Currently, for EU nationals to obtain permanent residency cards, they need to complete an 85-page form, and provide five years' worth of P60s, historical utility bills and a diary of all the occasions on which they have left the country since settling in the UK.
Meanwhile, a former civil service chief has said the UK is not in a fit state to negotiate Brexit.
Lord Kerslake told Sky News he had serious concerns about the capacity of Britain's officials to work on Brexit.
The peer said: “I am seriously concerned a proper assessment of the skills and resources needed hasn't been done.
“In fact Whitehall is still reducing staff quite dramatically.
“And you do have to ask the question, ‘how do you both deliver Brexit and have a significant domestic policy agenda as well?'.
“If the Government wants to have both a strong economic mandate – domestic policy being developed afresh – and deliver Brexit, you're going to have to resource that and think very carefully about reductions you're making.”
Oliver Ilott, senior researcher at the, Institute for Government, echoed Lord Kerslake's concerns.
He said: “Whitehall is smaller than it's been for many decades and across Whitehall, about 20 per cent of people have gone since 2010.”
Of all the climate “science” scams I've helped expose, about the worst has got to be Ocean Acidification.
The very name is a lie: no our oceans are not turning acid; still less are our corals and marine life under any threat of dissolving in what the New York Times once hysterically described as “our deadened, carbon-soaked seas”.
Yet still this junk-science scare story refuses to lie down and die because there are so many vested interests determined to prop it up.
Here is the latest egregious example. Published at The Marine Biologist (“the magazine of the marine biological community”) it purports to be a damning refutation of one of my many articles calling out the Ocean Acidification lie.
There was a time when I would have just ignored it: the guy who wrote it – one Phil Williamson – is the embodiment of Upton Sinclair's dictum that “It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it.”
Not only is Williamson based at the “University” of East Anglia – aka Climate Alarmism Central, heavily featured in the Climategate scandal – but since 2010 he has been paid as Science Coordinator of the UK Ocean Acidification research programme. This project has received around £12.5 million of UK government funding, most it provided by the Natural Environment Research Council (for which conveniently Williamson also works).
Also: who reads The Marine Biologist anyway? Many, many fewer people than will have read my original pieces at Breitbart (here and here ) and in the Spectator.
But to ignore articles like Williamson's is, I have learned from experience, a grave mistake. Like an untreated wound they have a nasty habit of going septic. They need to be cauterised lest they turn gangrenous.
Here are some examples of what I mean:
“Willfully misleading” Breitbart journo @JamesDelingpole gets smacked down by a scientist. https://t.co/iJiaB7fDf3 — Daily Climate (@TheDailyClimate) August 28, 2016
The Spectator published a piece by James Delingpole on the acidification of our oceans. Guess what, it was rubbish! https://t.co/MjihyIhcO8 — Sunny Hundal (@sunny_hundal) August 27, 2016
Yep, that'll be because #Delingpole is an English Lit grad with no training in geoscience, climate science, etc. https://t.co/xmvXbWCAtU — Simon Cook (@glacio_cook) August 27, 2016
Poor form from @spectator – climate science is much too vital to be entrusted to untrained opinionistas https://t.co/ApIZdgIIz8 — (((Greg Jenner))) (@greg_jenner) August 27, 2016
Do you see how these memes metastasize in the liberal-left echo-chamber?
I mean, you expect this kind of crap from DeSmog Blog – a Soros-funded alarmist site; from Graham Readfern, a Guardianista hack on a life mission to prove that denialists are a bunch of evil deniers; and from Sunny Hundal, a painfully stupid left wing blogger. You also fully expect it to be shared by people involved in the climate change industry, as a kind of mutual self-esteem-boosting exercise.
Where we need to start worrying, though, is when this nonsense goes mainstream.
That last tweet from Greg Jenner, for example. Yes – as a popular TV historian he probably qualifies as a member of what I'd call the Wankerati: the left-liberal media chattering classes. But for all that he's a decent, reasonable guy – not aggressively political, not a rabid environmentalist, not aboard the climate change gravy train or anything like that.
Yet on the basis of Williamson's piece, this decent, reasonable guy has made up his mind that the science behind Ocean Acidification is solid and that the only people questioning it are – to use his words – “untrained opinionistas.”
And the problem is there will be many others like him. Which is why, of course, Williamson wrote his rebuttal in the first place and took so much trouble over its presentation, giving it the look and feel of a proper scientific paper. He knew exactly what he was doing by playing the “more science-y than thou” card, because he and his kind have been playing it very successfully for years.
“Scientists say…”. It's amazing what powerful magic this formula can effect on otherwise well-educated, intelligent, skeptical people.
It never occurs to them that there as many chancers and charlatans with science degrees as there are with arts degrees. Nor that scientific research, being often dependent on the values and aims of those who are funding it, is prone to corruption and politicisation. Nor yet that science is more than capable of going down completely wrong alleys for any number of other reasons, from human error to the domineering arrogance of a few influential individuals.
Consider, for example, Noam Chomsky, the subject of Tom Wolfe's latest book Kingdom of Speech. For fifty years – his position assured by his fashionably left-wing politics – Chomsky dominated the field of linguistics to such an extent that almost nobody dared question his theory that language is hard-wired into our brains.
Think about this: a half century in which one field of scientific study was entirely in thrall to the theory of one individual. How many tenured professors is that? How many PhDs? How many undergraduates? How much money in research grants? All of it – it has since emerged – to no useful purpose whatsoever. As Wolfe explains in his book, Chomsky had formulated behind his Harvard desk a theory which a researcher in the field – one Daniel L Everett, formerly an acolyte of Chomsky's – was finally able to prove be fatally flawed.
Yet if you'd expressed skepticism towards Chomsky in that fifty-year period, how do you think you would have been received in all the linguistics faculties promoting Chomsky's theories? What kind of hearing do you think you would have had in broader intellectual circles if you tried to take on the reputation of a man everyone had come to accept unquestioningly as the cleverest thinker in his field?
This, unfortunately, is how bad scientific ideas get to survive long past their sell-by dates.
Not that Ocean Acidification is nor ever was really about “the science”. Partly it was dreamed up as a way of hoovering up some of the vast quantities of government research grant available for anything vaguely connected with “climate change”; partly, as a pals' make-work scheme for otherwise unemployable environmental science and marine biology graduates from places like the “University” of East Anglia.
Mainly, though, Ocean Acidification was invented to serve the same purpose as the Siegfried Line did for the Germans in the Second World War: that is, as a fall-back position for when all the other plans failed.
Remember that “climate change” represents a global industry worth around $1.5 trillion – all of this expenditure predicated on the notion that man-made carbon dioxide is a problem because it causes catastrophic global warming. Now clearly if – as seems to be increasingly likely – CO2 turns out to be just a harmless trace gas whose influence on climate is marginal, then an awful lot of vested interests are going to be heavily out of pocket. Hence the appeal to the vast climate alarmist conspiracy of Ocean Acidification: the handy theory which ensures that even if global warming doesn't happen, there will still be plenty of snout-space at the trough for all those rent-seekers, crooks, greed-heads, scamsters and shills involved in the “decarbonisation” industry.
You see now, I hope, why it's so important that we squash Williamson's paper in much the same way I've been squashing the giant browny-orange slugs which have been invading my vegetable patch of late.
Williamson – and dozens, if not hundreds of environmental scientists like Williamson – have got away for far too long and have wasted far, far too much of our money perpetrating a junk-science scam which should have been killed off long ago. It matters not a jot whether they are doing it out of cynicism or honest ignorance: the net result is just the same.
From Australia to the US to the UK, there are university departments devoted to studying this crap, teaching impressionable students that this made-up shit is real, and thus creating a whole generation of Ocean Acidification mini-mes ready to go out into the world, eager to persuade government funding agencies and lefty funding bodies like the Rockefeller foundation that still more needs to be done in this vital field.
And actually, no, more doesn't need to be done. If we're going to pay these virtually unemployable marine biology graduates to do something, at least let it be something that has a semblance of usefulness, like maybe how to prevent crown-of-thorns starfish gobbling up coral reefs or how to prevent great white sharks from eating so many swimmers in Western Australia or how to discourage cute whales from having their sonar disrupted by offshore wind farms and ending up dying on beaches. (Banning offshore wind farms would be my solution: but hey, what do I know? I'm not a “marine biologist”)
Anyway, this is where you come in, my learned friends. Think of this as a crowdsourcing exercise – a peer-to-peer review publication.
What I'm going to do is post up Williamson's paper, with some of the criticisms I have so far, some of them my own, some from people who really know the field in some detail like Patrick Moore. Then, in the comments section, what I'd like you guys to do is help me nail every one of Williamson's “rebuttal” arguments. These I can then incorporate into the body of my piece.
In this way, we'll end up with a counter-rebuttal far more thorough than Williamson's rebuttal. And if anyone ever tries to say: “Actually Delingpole's criticisms of ocean acidification were comprehensively dismissed by the experts” – all we need do is refer them with a hyperlink to my article.
Ready to do some banana-slug squishing? (Or salting if you prefer). Good. Wait till I post up the first draft of my counterblast to Williamson. Then we can have some fun!
US House Speaker John Boehner's office would not confirm or deny a report which said the top Republican has proposed raising taxes on wealthy Americans as part of a deficit reduction deal.
In what would be a significant concession in negotiations to strike an 11th-hour deal, Boehner would agree to let marginal tax rates rise on people making $1 million or more annually, provided President Barack Obama make cuts to entitlement programs, according to the Politico website.
“We have not commented on the content of private discussions, and we're certainly not going to comment on rumors,” Boehner spokesman Michael Steel told AFP about the report.
The White House did not respond to requests for comment about the possible offer, for which Politico cited two sources close to the negotiations.
Obama has insisted that any deal to avoid the so-called “fiscal cliff,” the combination of tax hikes and mandated spending cuts set to kick in beginning January 1, include a rise in tax rates on the wealthy.
His line in the sand has been an increase in tax rates for households making more than $250,000 per year, but until now Republicans have not budged on tax rates, arguing instead that more tax revenue can be gained by closing loopholes and ending deductions.
A Republican concession on tax rates could mark a significant breakthrough in the negotiations and signal that a compromise might actually be manageable before the end of the year.
The FBI has a warning for all you antique dealers and museum curators out there: If you're trading in Syrian or Iraqi pieces right now, you could be funding ISIS.
A notice released by the FBI today cautions dealers and curators that ISIS has been carrying out "industrial-level looting at Syrian and Iraqi archaeological sites," and that stolen goods are now arriving in the US. "We now have credible reports that US persons have been offered cultural property that appears to have been removed from Syria and Iraq recently," writes the manager of the FBI's Art Theft Program, Bonnie Magness-Gardiner, in a statement pointed out by Hyperallergic this week.
In a podcast today, she put out a call to dealers: "Ask questions. Check history of ownership. Make sure they were imported legally into the United States. Verify the information. And deal with reputable dealers."
But the FBI isn't just interested in stopping the outpouring of cultural heritage from countries under the control of ISIS — they're warning US-based dealers because there are serious criminal penalties involved. Buying a piece, even inadvertently, from ISIS could be prosecuted as aiding a terrorist organisation here in the US. And member countries of the UN must, under a new resolution, "take steps to prevent terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria from receiving donations and from benefiting from trade in oil, antiquities, and hostages."
According to the Antiquities Coalition, this kind of alert is pretty rare for the FBI. "This commendable action by the FBI — which to our knowledge is unprecedented — further confirms that the illicit antiquities trade is funding crime and conflict around the globe," the Coalition wrote yesterday, adding that the UN will host a forum on the growing cultural crisis next month.
Systematic, Industrial-Scale Looting
The FBI's wording is perhaps the most startling thing about the alert. What does "industrial-scale looting" look like, exactly? Across these conflict zones, it looks like sprawling, systematic excavation at heritage sites that were once protected.
This is distinct from the Islamic State's widely publicized destruction of heritage sites, most recently the demolition of the ancient city of Palmyra, a UNESCO site where ISIS detonated a series of explosives this week. It's also different from the public beheading of a Syrian archaeologist and scholar amidst the ruins of Palmyra earlier this month. While those public acts of terrorism were clearly wielded as propaganda, these widespread excavations seem to be aimed at selling the objects uncovered. This profit-focused looting is being done at a scale that is visible from space, and the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs has cobbled together some examples of the looting.
Their first example is Dura Europos, an ancient city on the Euphrates and controlled at various points by both Greek and Roman groups. It has huge significance thanks to its many temples and its synagogue, discovered in 1932, which is one of the oldest churches ever uncovered and would "ultimately reshape ideas about both synagogue architecture and the Jewish religion itself," as one historian writes. Here's what Dura Europos looked like in 2012, before the looting.
Now, it's "covered in looting pits," the scale of which can be comprehended by the detail:
How about an even older site, Mari, which dates back to 3000 BC? Mari, which sits on the eastern edge of Syria, was once a bustling center of trade — since it was discovered in the 1930s, archaeologists have uncovered remarkable finds, like 25,000 clay tablets and the remains of a palace. You can see the palace marked on this image from 2012:
What's horrible, in Mari's case, is that the majority of the city hadn't yet been excavated. Work was still underway. Today it's surrounded by gaping holes, where looters have sunk pits to extract the artifacts that remained to be uncovered by archaeologists:
It's awful to see these sites being looted before they can be fully documented, studied, and understood — now, as the FBI says, bits and pieces of their history are being pushed into the world at large for profit.
At the very least, the FBI is notifying the dealers who are in the market for antiquities that they could be held responsible for aiding a terrorist organisation. But like the conviction of a 17-year-old American who was sentenced to jail for tweeting pro-ISIS sentiments today, prosecuting Americans for supporting ISIS or ISIL is a complicated matter itself — and it may do little to stem the looting being done at these sites.
Daikaiju (die-kie-joo) Who is the Daikaiju??? Premium action heroes deliver most high rocket music! Special reverb skill combo for full impact! Loud sonic boom for earful pleasure! Beautiful radiation of hyper-dimensional springy sound creates divine psychic wind for your special protection. Worship Psycho-surf band Daikaiju daily for good luck and health!
Tam Tam the Sandwich Man and The Magical Sugar Cookies
Long ago, before the age of men, there lived a group of spirits. These spirits floated aimlessly in the ethereal plane until, one day, there was Tam-tam the Sandwichman. Under the guidance of this ultimate spectre the rest of the spirits morphed into what was to become Humanity. Tam-tam then adopted the role of a muse inspiring all who've ever created anything good. If it werent for Tam-tam there would be no music, no art, no poetry, no prose, and certainly no love.
During the summer of 2008 Tam-tam elected three musicians to become the voice of his desires. In these times of tragedy and irony there is only one refuge, art. Thankfully, in spite of war and famine, art continues to inspire love and peace, still under the sweet guidance of Tam-tam. Remember that Tam-tam lives inside all of you, and let the good feelings win.
Google said we'd know more about how Glass Explorers can get their hands on Titanium Collection frames and shades later this afternoon, and the first bit of information is already up. For starters, we have our first bit of information (that is perhaps more important than anything else): price. You'll be able to get each frame for about $225 before taxes.
As for the sporty clip-on attachment shades, you'll be able to scoop those up for $150 a piece. Interestingly enough, all of the shades currently show as out-of-stock on Google's Glass Explorers website, though we can't be too sure if that's due to Google readying the rest of the site for public consumption. In either case, we'll be keeping a close eye on all of it in the moments to come.
In case you're wondering about getting these outfitted with appropriate lenses, here's a quick blurb from Google's FAQ:
If an Explorer has an eyeglass lens prescription issued in the last 12 months, they can take their new Glass frames, Glass itself, and their lens prescription to one of our preferred ECPs to have the frame outfitted with prescription lenses. Your Glass unit does not need to be left with the ECP, while the frame does. The ECP then contacts the Explorer when the new frames are ready and the Explorer returns to the ECP for a final fitting. The Explorer needs to bring along the Glass device as the frames cannot be fitted without it.
Google has also added a list of preferred optometrists whose cutters have been specially trained for the Google Glass Titanium collection. The list is rather small at the moment, with only a fraction of the country having specially trained cutters, but Google says most eye care places should be able to custom fit lenses for your Google Glass frames (so long as you bring them the frames and tools they may need).
And for those of you who will be switching frames out on their own, you'll find some key instructions over at the Google Glass help site. The screwdrivers and any other tools you'll need will come with your shipment of replacement frames, so take care not to lose them in case you need them down the line.
We're still thumbing our way through the new drags added to the Glass Explorers site, so stay tuned for any more information we might be able to come across (such as information about finding lens providers for your new frames). We'll be updating this post with all the latest.
Cord Sandberg pushed home the go-ahead run just after midnight on Sunday morning, helping the Threshers to a 3-2 win over the Fort Myers Miracle in a game which featured nearly four hours of rain delays at Hammond Stadium.
The start of the game was pushed back over an hour, before the Miracle (19-17) brought home a pair with two outs against starter John Richy in the third. Nick Gordon singled home two runs to put Fort Myers ahead early.
Following the completion of the third inning, the skies opened up again and the game was delayed for more than two and a half hours before play resumed just after 10:30 p.m.
Clearwater (23-13) was quick out of the gate when play picked up, as Carlos Tocci singled to center and with one out went to second on a wild pitch. Chace Numata and Jiandido Tromp each drew a walk, before Luke Westphal issued another base on balls to Sandberg to force home a run.
Malquin Canelo followed by lifting a sacrifice fly to right to bring in Numata, knotting the game up at two.
With Richy exiting after the delay, Tom Windle took over and hurled 2.2 innings, holding the Miracle off the board before he was lifted after a two-out error and a single in the sixth. Matt Hockenberry entered and induced a comebacker off the bat of Tanner Witt to end the inning.
The tie held into the eighth, when Numata and Tromp worked two-out walks against Todd Van Steensel (2-2). Sandberg came through on a 2-2 pitch, dropping a single into left to score Numata with what would be the game-winning run.
Hockenberry (2-1) worked a season-long 3.1 innings and permitted only one hit, striking out three on his way to the victory.
Game three of the series will be on Sunday at 4:05 p.m., when Will Morris (6-2) takes the hill opposed by Miles Norgren (0-3).
Evolution is not a constant march of onward-and-upward progress. Any organism is a mosaic of the ancient and the modern—old features can be modified and put to new uses over time—and the mechanism of natural selection accounts for both an apparent lack of change and dramatic evolutionary transformations. There is no driving force towards perfection, only the persistence of what works as some forms fall into extinction. This facet of evolution is beautifully demonstrated by the newly-described dinosaur Daemonosaurus.
I was glad to see Daemonosaurus get published yesterday evening. I had first seen a presentation about the dinosaur by the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History's Hans-Dieter Sues at the 2010 Society for Vertebrate Paleontology meeting last October. It certainly had a unique look. A theropod dinosaur, Daemonosaurus had a remarkably large eye socket and a mouth full of prominent, curved teeth that gave it a buck-toothed appearance.
Described by Sues, Sterling Nesbitt, David Berman and Amy Henrici, Daemonosaurus had a strange mix of skull features that placed it in a position between the earliest known theropods, such as Eodromaeus from South America, and later theropod dinosaurs like Tawa from Triassic North America. This was very strange. Although roughly intermediate in anatomy between the first theropods and the later forms found in New Mexico, Daemonosaurus was not intermediate in age or geography. Something more peculiar had happened.
The single skull of Daemonosaurus was found in the approximately 200-million-year-old rock of Ghost Ranch, New Mexico. In terms of age, it came after Tawa and was found in the quarry that has yielded multiple Coelophysis skeletons. Even though Tawa was more closely related to Coelophysis, Tawa had lived and died during an earlier time. In evolutionary terms, this means that Daemonosaurus belonged to a relatively archaic lineage of theropod dinosaurs that had arrived in North America and persisted alongside early members of newly evolved theropod groups.
If this is correct, numerous other early theropods remain to be found. Daemonosaurus had a short-snouted skull with differently shaped teeth throughout the jaw, which differs from the boxy skull of the earlier Herrerasaurus as well as the narrow, elongated skulls of theropods like Coelophysis. The discovery of Daemonosaurus not only adds to the diversity of early theropods, but it increases the disparity seen between the forms of these dinosaurs. An entire suite of unique, early theropods may await lucky paleontologists in strata between 230 and 200 million years old.
But as with almost any early dinosaur, the relationships of Daemonosaurus will be subject to revision as more fossils are found. For one thing, it is not entirely certain whether the skull represents a juvenile or adult individual. The large eye socket and lack of fusion between bones of the braincase might indicate that this dinosaur was young and therefore different from the adult form, but the sutures on two vertebrae associated with the skull are closed and consistent with the individual being an adult. Untangling this mystery will be important to understanding the evolution of this dinosaur. If the Daemonosaurus skull is from a juvenile, some of the "archaic" characters might be attributed to young age, but if it was an adult then we can be more confident that it really did take up an intermediate position among early dinosaurs. Only additional specimens of Daemonosaurus will solve this puzzle.
References:
​Sues, H.; Nesbitt, S.; Berman, D.; Henrici, A. (2011). A late-surviving basal theropod dinosaur from the latest Triassic of North America Proceedings of the Royal Society B, 1-6 : 10.1098/rspb.2011.0410
You know the feeling. It's December 26th. The gift-giving fury has ended, and all you have left is the carnage of plastic wrapping, boxes, gift paper, and... the stuff. All those material items you bought for each other. The jewelry you'll lose, the video games you'll get bored of, the clever tie you'll never wear, and the plastic toys that'll break, as all plastic toys must.
Then again, you will probably lose interest before any of this stuff even gets to the breaking stage. Because that's what happens with most material items. We long for them until we have them. Then we feel a rush of short-lived excitement. And then we lose interest and start creating a 2011 wish-list.
So this year, we present to you a (relatively) material-free gift guide. Some of these gifts have sentiment, others will foster memories, a few are simple feel-goods, and most have a pretty darn low carbon footprint. Here's to less plastic carnage on December 26th!
The Last Time Length: 3:03 Released: September 29, 2016 Writers: From Ashes to New, Deuce Album: Day One
The Last Time is a song by From Ashes to New that features guest vocals from Deuce. It was released on September 29, 2016, which makes this the first officially-released song featuring Deuce in two years.
Contents show]
Official Lyrics
Matt Brandyberry: You never thought I'd follow through so here's a song for all of you
Reaction for attacking me and acting like I'm small to you
This is what you call the truth, it chews you up and swallows you
A fraction of the wrath of me unraveling for all to view
I'm glad you always hated me 'cause that's what made me chase the dream
And now I'm here, so close, so near and you're so far away to me
This is what you made me be, you'll always be the same to me
So full of fear, afraid to hear me spit the truth so blatantly
Chris Musser: You brought me down for the last time
It's the last time I shut my mouth
I'm screaming out from the inside
For the first time, it's the last time
You bring me down!
Matt Brandyberry: It's funny that you think we're friends, it's maybe time to think again
The shit you said, you wished me dead instead of trying to make amends
Now it's finally sinking in that I'm the one who's finishing
So don't pretend to take offense, you earned it, every single cent
Almost thought that you were right, I always thought I'd lose the fight
And came undone, you always won, you almost conquered me with spite
You never saw it through the light, it blinded you, it skewed your sight
The shit you talked and what you thought and now it fucking ends tonight
Chris Musser: You brought me down for the last time
It's the last time I shut my mouth
I'm screaming out from the inside
For the first time, it's the last time
You bring me down!
Deuce: Quiet as a mouse, was always shutting my mouth
Quiet in the beginning till I figured it out
Look at me now, straight spitting without
All these fake ass motherfuckers holding me down
You thought I had a nervous breakdown and was playing around
Your whole shit went underground soon as I popped the fuck out
Soon as I stepped on the scene and started knocking 'em out
Stomping 'em out just for trying to block my ass out
What the fuck you talking about rocking a crowd?
This is rock, not pop, look who's popular now
Bitch please, stop talking me down
The only thing that you were ever good at was mocking me
How I couldn't see how you were stopping me
(You brought me down)
Chris Musser: You brought me down for the last time
It's the last time I shut my mouth
I'm screaming out from the inside
For the first time, it's the last time
You bring me down!
Chris Musser and Branden Kreider: (You brought me down for the last time)
It's the last time you bring me down
(I'm screaming out from the inside)
It's the last time you bring me down!
Personnel
From Ashes to New
Branden "Boo" Kreider - rhythm guitar, unclean vocals
Chris Musser - clean vocals
Lance Dowdle - lead guitar
Matt Brandyberry - vocals
Tim D'onofrio - drums
Additional
Deuce - vocals
Trivia
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have held contract extension talks with Alan Hutton as they continue to plan for next season.
The 32-year-old's current deal expires in the summer but negotiations are underway to prolong his stay after Hutton met a clause which entitles him to another year at the club.
Hutton has made 26 appearances this season and is currently keeping out teenage right-back James Bree who was signed from Barnsley in January.
His recent form has been impressive and Villa recognise that he could play a big part next season as they look for promotion back to the Premier League.
Steve Bruce said: "Alan Hutton picks himself.
"He rises to the challenge all the time and has seen plenty of right-backs off.
"The one thing about Alan Hutton is he trains like it is his last day.
"He is the first player at the training ground and there are times when things don't go his way but he rises to whatever challenge is there.
"For his attitude and the way he goes about his job, that's why the supporters warm to him.
"What he sees is what you get.
"He has done very well and has triggered a point in his contract for another year.
"I am delighted for him."
Apple has reportedly acquired PrimeSense, an Israeli fabless semiconductor company, for $345 million. Israeli newspaper Calcalist claims Apple has finalized the acquisition, with plans for an announcement within the next two weeks. Primesense worked with Microsoft to include its technology, chips, and designs inside the first Kinect sensor for the Xbox 360, but Microsoft opted to build its latest Xbox One Kinect sensor without Primesense's help. Microsoft's changes led Primesense to focus on retail, robotics, and healthcare industries, alongside gaming and living room tech.
Rumors of a PrimeSense acquisition by Apple originated from the same Israeli newspaper, Calcalist, earlier this year. At the time, Apple was said to have offered $280 million to buy the 3D-sensor specialist. If the acquisition reports are accurate, then this would be the second time Apple has purchased an Israeli component maker. In January 2012, the company revealed it had acquired flash storage company Anobit in a $400 million deal.
A Kinect-like camera for an Apple TV?
It's obvious why Apple might be attracted to such a company. Primesense's 3D-scanning technology is used in more than 20 million devices worldwide, including sensors that can be embedded in smartphones and tablets. With persistent rumors of an Apple TV on the horizon and recent reports suggesting it's now planned for 2015, it's possible that a PrimeSense acquisition may play some part in any Apple living room push or in future tablet and smartphone devices. Apple has previously acquired companies to directly integrate technologies into new products. The iPhone maker acquired security hardware firm Authentec last year before shipping its latest iPhone 5S handset with a fingerprint sensor in September.
Update: In a statement to The Verge, a Primesense spokesperson says the company is not commenting on the rumors:
We are focused on building a prosperous company while bringing 3D sensing and Natural Interaction to the mass market in a variety of markets such as interactive living room and mobile devices. We do not comment on what any of our partners, customers or potential customers are doing and we do not relate to rumors or re-cycled rumors.
Update 2: All Things D is reporting that Apple is "likely" to purchase Primesense — but the deal is not complete yet, contrary to earlier reports. The new report also backs up the $345 million purchase price and notes that the deal is expected to be finished by the end of the week.
Running backs coach Randy Jordan drives home a point to running back Chris Thompson during training camp in 2014. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
For the first time, Matt Jones is almost guaranteed to receive a significant number of carries as he leads a young group of running backs following the departure of Redskins mainstay Alfred Morris. The 23-year-old Jones leads a group of players including 25-year-old Chris Thompson, who in his career mostly has been a third-down back, and rookie seventh-round pick Keith Marshall out of Georgia.
Redskins running backs coach Randy Jordan is trying to get the most out of this group, whether that means getting in their faces when they mess up on the field or providing constructive criticism in one form or another.
“They're an eager group of guys and the number one thing, because they are so young, there are some learning curves that we've got to get through, some pains that we'll have, but they are a terrific group. They don't know everything, being young, so they're real receptive to teaching and learning and new techniques.”
Running back Matt Jones runs a drill during practice on June 8. (Alex Brandon/Associated Press)
The team expects to see a big jump from Jones, who now steps in as the primary ballcarrier. He's working on the fumbling issues that plagued him last season — five fumbles (four lost) in 13 games — with a special beeping football made by High and Tight Football that signals if the user has properly gripped all points of pressure.
[Jones, secure in his role, believes he can secure the ball]
“We've just made a really big emphasis on carrying it high and tight. Locking up the wrist, folding the arms over, running behind your pass. That's part of holding on to the ball,” Jordan said. “If you don't get the ball exposed, you won't get holes. That's my saying. We don't want to get exposed and so when you have that ball, it's always, it's a memory, it's a muscle thing, but you get a visual in terms of hearing it and when it's not beeping properly, then you know you're not holding the ball properly.”
But beyond beeping footballs, Jordan is out on the football field continually trying to push his backs. He's constantly seen barking at his position group, whether that's after a strong finish to a play or when he notices a slight error in how someone attacks a hole in the line.
For the working relationship between Jones and Jordan, this back and forth will be crucial as the first-year starter tries to make the leap in becoming the primary running back for the Redskins, a year after finishing with 490 rushing yards on 144 attempts with three touchdowns.
“[Jones]'s a guy who you can really grind on and you can really coach hard. Some guys, they get in a shell when you yell at him or you're like, ‘Hey man, that ain't good enough.' You challenge their manhood because there are times where I will do that. I've learned through him that he takes that pretty good.”
With six weeks between minicamp and the official starts of the preseason with training camp, there's still work to be done for Jones to make that leap. In Jones, Jordan sees a player “who's really, really eager to show what he can do on a regular basis.” Whether or not Jones can overcome his issues with holding on to the football, bursting through holes and playing consistently, however, remains to be seen.
“[Jones]'s a guy, to inherit the position or to continue to do what he needs to do to be the number one guy, he's got to hold on to the ball,” Jordan said. “Number two, he's got to protect the quarterback and he's shown through all the OTAs and minicamps that he's willing to do that.”
More from The Post:
Doctson and Paea miss final day of minicamp
Carrington INT gets him attention | Phillips a nickelback option?
Cousins and the defense lead the chirping during spirited practices
More NFL: Redskins | League news | Sports Bog | Fancy Stats
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @MasterTes
The rise in Bitcoin adoption and companies offering Bitcoin-based payment products is not going to affect the conventional payments industry anytime soon. The leading players in payments industry will continue to enjoy their dominance, states a recent report by Citigroup.
The report, released a couple of days ago analyzes both payments industry and the digital currency industry to conclude that Bitcoin is not a threat to the likes of MasterCard and Visa. However, the report does not dispute the fact that the use of blockchain technology will open up markets for financial services, helping them reach new customers.
Bitcoin and Existing Payment Solutions
Bitcoin currently has a market capitalization of over $10.8 billion, making it strong enough to be taken seriously by the banking and financial services industry. Many banks and financial companies consider the digital currency to be a threat. However, the current state of bitcoin payments leaves much to be desired. The Citigroup considers Bitcoin to be a successful proof of concept for decentralized peer-to-peer fund transfer and payments network. According to the report, the only benefit offered by the Bitcoin network over existing payments solutions is anonymity (let's make it clear that bitcoin transactions are pseudonymous at best).
While Citigroup dismisses bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies by saying it doesn't see any potential for disruption, it states that the digital currencies issued by central banks may change the whole payments industry. However, there is no indication of any central bank issuing digital currency any time soon.
The report also touches upon the role of bitcoin in remittance. Bitcoin is known to offer a faster and much cheaper mode of remittance compared to conventional remittance services. But Citi lists last mile delivery as an issue as the conversion of bitcoin to fiat currency may turn out to be costly for recipients and remittance companies transmitting fiat in the form of digital currency over Bitcoin network.
Even though the Citi analysts state that the digital currency and digital currency based financial services companies are not a threat to the traditional ways, they acknowledge few rising startups in the sector which have already made a name for themselves. The business models adopted by Circle, BitPesa and Abra are also discussed in detail in the report.
It is also worth noting that Citigroup is also heavily invested in Blockchain technology. The financial giant is part of the R3CEV led international banking consortium for blockchain technology.
Image: AOL
US State Department now races to find a new home for US State Department-listed terrorist organization.
Tony Cartalucci, Contributing Writer
Activist Post
In a move that almost defies belief, is so brazen and hypocritical many will not believe it no matter how many State Department officials confirm it, the US has been guarding a terrorist training camp inside Iraq with US troops and is planning to relocate them, possibly in a freshly abandoned US military base in Iraq, while D.C. lobbyists work feverishly to have them de-listed, armed, and sent to conduct terrorist operations in Iran.
Despite being listed as a terrorist organization by the US State Department (#28 listed as “Mujahedin-e Khalq Organization”), its leadership is harbored in Paris, its rank and file harbored by US troops in Iraq, and the US State Department itself overseeing their continued existence and the continuation of their armed terrorist campaign.
Foreign Policy then reports the United Nations “Assistance Mission in Iraq” (UNAMI) is working with the US State Department to relocate the terrorists within Iraq and possibly at a US military base near Baghdad's airport.
Foreign Policy Magazine has reported in their article, “ State Department scrambling to move the MEK — to a former U.S. military base? ” fully admits that Mujahedeen e-Khalq (MEK) is a terrorist organization used by Saddam Hussein to attack Iran in the '80s and was responsible for the death of US military personnel and civilians. Foreign Policy reports that efforts by the Iraqi Army to evict MEK has resulted in armed clashes.
MEK. Admittedly a terrorist organization, listed by the US State Department as being such, it is fully funded, armed, and backed by the United States, based in France and US-occupied Iraq, and allowed to conduct terrorist operations against the Iranian people. The “ War on Terror” is a fraud.
Foreign Policy also notes a huge lobbying movement in Washington working to de-list MEK as a terrorist organization, including:
Congressman John Lewis (D-GA),
former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell,
former FBI Director Louis Freeh,
former Sen. Robert Torricelli,
Rep. Patrick Kennedy,
former CIA Deputy Director of Clandestine Operations John Sano,
former National Security Advisor James Jones,
former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean,
former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani,
former Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Richard Myers,
former White House Chief of Staff Andy Card,
Gen. Wesley Clark,
former Rep. Lee Hamilton,
former CIA Director Porter Goss,
senior advisor to the Romney campaign Mitchell Reiss,
Gen. Anthony Zinni,
former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge,
former Sen. Evan Bayh
Indeed, warmongering Islamophobist cheerleader Rudolph Giuliani is taking money from a genuine terrorist organization and lobbying the US government to have it removed from the US State Department list. Tom Ridge is also listed as coddling MEK terrorists, ironically after being named the first “Homeland Security Secretary” from 2003-2005. Lee Hamilton, the vice chairman of the 9/11 Commission, is perhaps the most alarming name listed, as it casts serious doubts over the objectivity, integrity, and veracity with which he conducted his “investigation” of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
Though it isn't money alone that motivates this eager throng of traitors to remove MEK from the US State Department Foreign Terrorist Organization list, it is their desire to see MEK worked with more closely — armed, trained, and sent into Iran — with open, rather than covert American support, just as Saddam had done decades ago to conduct a campaign of terror against the Iranian people.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
MEK has been considered by the Fortune 500-funded Brookings Institution as a prime candidate for US-backing in an effort to undermine and remove the Iranian government. In Brookings' 2009 report, “Which Path to Perisa?” it is stated:
Perhaps the most prominent (and certainly the most controversial) opposition group that has attracted attention as a potential U.S. proxy is the NCRI (National Council of Resistance of Iran), the political movement established by the MEK (Mujahedin-e Khalq). Critics believe the group to be undemocratic and unpopular, and indeed anti-American. In contrast, the group's champions contend that the movement's long-standing opposition to the Iranian regime and record of successful attacks on and intelligence-gathering operations against the regime make it worthy of U.S. support. They also argue that the group is no longer anti-American and question the merit of earlier accusations. Raymond Tanter, one of the group's supporters in the United States, contends that the MEK and the NCRI are allies for regime change in Tehran and also act as a useful proxy for gathering intelligence. The MEK's greatest intelligence coup was the provision of intelligence in 2002 that led to the discovery of a secret site in Iran for enriching uranium.
Despite its defenders' claims, the MEK remains on the U.S. government list of foreign terrorist organizations. In the 1970s, the group killed three U.S. officers and three civilian contractors in Iran. During the 1979-1980 hostage crisis, the group praised the decision to take America hostages and Elaine Sciolino reported that while group leaders publicly condemned the 9/11 attacks, within the group celebrations were widespread. Undeniably, the group has conducted terrorist attacks—often excused by the MEK's advocates because they are directed against the Iranian government. For example, in 1981, the group bombed the headquarters of the Islamic Republic Party, which was then the clerical leadership's main political organization, killing an estimated 70 senior officials. More recently, the group has claimed credit for over a dozen mortar attacks, assassinations, and other assaults on Iranian civilian and military targets between 1998 and 2001. At the very least, to work more closely with the group (at least in an overt manner), Washington would need to remove it from the list of foreign terrorist organizations. page 117-118 of “Which Path to Persia?” Brookings Institution, 2009
Readers may also be shocked to find out that not only has this been proposed, but long ago approved. This was revealed in Seymour Hersh's 2008 New Yorker article “Preparing the Battlefield,” which stated:
The M.E.K. has been on the State Department's terrorist list for more than a decade, yet in recent years the group has received arms and intelligence, directly or indirectly, from the United States. Some of the newly authorized covert funds, the Pentagon consultant told me, may well end up in M.E.K. coffers. ‘The new task force will work with the M.E.K. The Administration is desperate for results.' He added, ‘The M.E.K. has no C.P.A. auditing the books, and its leaders are thought to have been lining their pockets for years. If people only knew what the M.E.K. is getting, and how much is going to its bank accounts—and yet it is almost useless for the purposes the Administration intends.'
In every story, there is an arc and this bizarre Chris Sale saga is no exception. Different people will tell you there are a different number of points in an arc or that there are different names for these points. Here's one version, applied to Sale's story:
Stasis: Sale is a happy-go-lucky reliever for the Chicago White Sox who yearns for more.
Trigger: GM Kenny Williams decides Sale will be a starting pitcher for the White Sox.
The quest: An excited Sale works all offseason and spring training to build up his endurance so he can start.
Surprise: After five successful starts, Sale experiences elbow tenderness in his left arm.
Critical choice: On a road trip, Manager Robin Ventura and Pitching Coach Don Cooper decide, in order to save his career, that this means Sale can't start anymore because that would be bad for him. But he will be able to pitch out of the bullpen, where he'll be The Closer. But then they choose not to use him as The Closer. Or maybe he can start, but just not right now. Check back next week or later this month or next season. Or maybe we should ask Williams. Or maybe we should get a medical opinion on it. How about we schedule an MRI, I always wanted to know what the inside of an arm looks like? [The author of this story needs to clean up this section because it doesn't make sense.] And now we come to the point in the story where we are right now. Climax: Sale went directly to Williams to plead his case to be a starter (one could also write that sentence as "Sale went over the heads of his manager and pitching coach to plead his case to Williams."). Sale had the MRI. And, as the headline says, per Williams, Sale will be starting tomorrow after his MRI came back "clean and pristine". So how will the rest of this story unfold?
Reversal: Now that Sale has suffered through this bizarre episode, will he be reborn and reinvigorated as starter? Or will he crumble under the pressure of expectations?
Resolution: Will this be the final resolution of this issue or will we hear every time Sale's velocity is down or is sore or skips a side session that to save his career he should pitch out of the bullpen?
Yeah, you can tell this story is really awesome and well-executed. I just can't wait to see where it goes next.
When Barack Obama was elected in 2008, the nation celebrated an incredible milestone: the first black president of the United States. We were right to celebrate — there's no question that we've come a long way since the beginning of the civil rights movement to the reelection of the first black president.
Indeed, the incarcerated population — disproportionately young, black and male — are the new invisible men.
The United States incarcerates a higher percentage of its population than any other society in recorded history. In 2008, the Pew Charitable Trusts reported that more than two million inmates were behind bars. We have more men and women incarcerated than the top 36 European nations combined — including Russia. And over the past 35 years, the number of Americans behind bars has increased five-fold. Today, one in 31 American adults is under some form of correctional supervision.
Nowhere is incarceration more prevalent than in the African American community. According to an estimate by the Bureau of Justice Statistics , one in three black men will serve time in prison over their lifetimes. My own research shows that one in nine black men was incarcerated on any given day in 2008, and that a full 37 percent of young, black, male high school dropouts were behind bars. In the course of that research, I noticed something strange: The results suggested that more young, black men who had dropped out of high school had been to prison than were alive. How could that be?
It turns out that my collaborator, Bryan Sykes, and I had stumbled on a major glitch in how we collect data about the American population: Prison and jail inmates are simply not included in many of the most important population surveys. That's a glaring oversight that generates a misleading snapshot of America and overstates the educational, political and economic progress of black Americans. This collective blindness has effectively concealed decades of racial inequality, undermining social science research and leading to misguided policy.
Just how wrong are the numbers we've been using?
In 2008, the Current Population Survey — a monthly survey conducted by the Census Bureau — placed the high school dropout rate of young black men at 13.5 percent — evidence of a decline in the black-white gap in high school completion over the past few decades. But if you include prison inmates, the estimate of the nationwide high school dropout rate among young black men is actually 19 percent — 40 percent higher than conventional estimates suggest.
The revised data point to a stunning reality: There has, in fact, been no improvement in the gap in high school graduation rates between white and black male students since the early 1990s. On the contrary, the gap in high school completion has hovered close to its current level of 11 percentage points for most of the past 20 years.
Most estimates of employment and wages are similarly skewed. Wages of young black men have seen little improvement relative to the wages of white Americans since the mid-1980s. The economic boom of the 1990s did not trickle down to high school dropouts, as some pundits and scholars imagine. In 2008, when 19 percent of young black men did not finish high school, black male dropouts were more likely to be in prison or jail than to be employed.
They have not only lost ground in the employment and educational spheres; their voices are also being drowned out in the political arena. Mass incarceration artificially inflates our perception of voter turnout among black men, as inmates and former inmates are often excluded in surveys used to measure trends in voting. When they are added back into the equation, it becomes clear that the idea that young black men are now more engaged with politics is an illusion.
For example, Obama's candidacy in 2008 was linked to record high turnout among young African Americans. But when incarceration rates are accounted for, only one in five young black male dropouts voted in the 2008 election. A nearly identical fraction turned out in 1980 to choose between Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter.
Social scientists depend on good data to explain inequality: the systemic conditions that allow some groups to prosper while other struggle to get by. And policymakers depend on good data to address it.
Unfortunately, the way we've been collecting data not only renders certain Americans invisible, but also misrepresents the progress we've made in creating a more equitable society. It's blind spot that none of us — researchers, policymakers, or voters — can afford to maintain.
Becky Pettit is professor of sociology at the University of Washington and the author of “Invisible Men: Mass Incarceration and the Myth of Black Progress,” published in September by the Russell Sage Foundation.
More from The Root DC
Student debt in the black community
Prince George's school board: Does formal education matter?
President Obama: An open-letter from
Barack Obama: Our bi-racial president
Hope, a young pug-mix that was found with her mouth taped shut and her tongue sticking out is being nursed back to health. An anonymous donor has come forward to increase the reward total in the animal cruelty case to $35,000. (Published Thursday, July 12, 2012)
The Parker County Sheriff's Department is investigating a case of animal cruelty after a dog was found severely injured and frightened.
The dog, a young pug-mix, was found Monday morning with a severely swollen tongue after someone used electrical tape to forcefully shut the dog's mouth after pulling out her tongue, police said.
"It was horrific. Her mouth was so gross it was awful," said Melanie Labrake, who first found the dog. "She walked by me and she just looked up at me like, 'Help me,' and I thought, 'I don't even know what's wrong with you,' but that's her tongue.”
Labrake tried to remove the tape, but the scared dog ran. A group of concerned citizens then searched for the dog for several hours on horseback, SUVs and on foot until she was found circling a stock tank.
Hope is Healing
Hope the dog found with her mouth tapes shut and her swollen tongue stretched out is healing, while the search for her abusers continues and the reward in the case grows. (Published Wednesday, July 11, 2012)
She again ran from her rescuers but was later found near a creek bed.
"I've been here almost 11 years and I can say I think that I've seen the worst, but I will say this the worst that I have ever seen," said Parker County Animal Control supervisor Karen Kessler who helped find the dog.
The dog, now named Hope, was taken to Bowie Drive Animal Hospital where she is undergoing treatment thanks to Dr. Kevin Buchanan.
Hope on the Mend in Parker County
A young pug-mix is on the mend after being found tortured and abandoned in Parker County. (Published Wednesday, July 11, 2012)
Vets at the clinic said it took more than 100 internal and external stitches to close five open wounds that were one- to five-inches in length, through the muscle tissue. Doctors said that Hope's mouth was taped shut for more than 24 hours and that she will likely lose a portion of her tongue.
Originally unable to eat or drink, Hope underwent surgery and was given pain killers an IV and antibiotics. Fears that she may not be able to eat or drink on her own have subsided as doctors at the animal hospital said Wednesday morning that Hope has been eating and appears to be getting better.
According to the Parker County Sheriff's Department, "several local businesses are establishing a reward fund for information leading to the identification of the suspect(s) involved in the crime against Hope."
Community Comes Together to Save Hope
Hope, a pug-mix, was found wandering the streets with her swollen tongue sticking out of her mouth which had been taped shut with electrical tape. While police look for the person who did it, the community is rallying behind the dog. (Published Tuesday, July 10, 2012)
Due to an outpouring of support, there are two rewards totaling $35,000. Parker County Crimestoppers guarantees a $10,000 reward and an anonymous donor has come forward to offer a $25,000 reward through the Texas Humane Alliance.
"This is horrendous," said Larry Fowler, Parker County Sheriff. "I can't imagine what would bring a person to such an evil act. We are fortunate to have found her when we did. Our investigators have seen some pretty terrible things in their careers, but this case is deeply disturbing and leaves us shocked."
Fowler added that evidence found on Hope have been submitted to an area crime lab for analysis.
"Anyone with any information is strongly urged to contact us," Fowler said. "We are treating this case with the highest priority."
Cruelty and torture of a non-livestock animal is a state jail felony.
Anyone with information about Hope is asked to call the Parker County Sheriff's Department at 817-596-8845 or the Parker County Crime Stoppers Hotline at 817-599-5555. Callers may remain anonymous and may be eligible to receive the reward.
NBC 5's Andrew Tanielian and Ben Russell contributed to this story.
Good programmers create fewer bugs while bad programmers cause more. Sounds logical, doesn't it? However, there is a lot of criticism of this way of thinking. Take this one, for example: Bugs are inevitable, and instead of expecting fewer bugs from us, let us focus on the right design and let testers find and report bugs; then we'll fix them. Or this one: Being afraid to make a mistake makes me write slower and experiment less, which translates into lower-quality software. Read more about that here and here. But allow me to look at this from a different perspective and assert that yes, indeed, good programmers create fewer bugs.
Sabotage! (2000) by Esteban and Jose Miguel Ibarretxe
I think this is all about how we define quality and what a bug is.
If we look at a traditional and very “intuitive” definition of a bug, it is something that causes our software to produce an incorrect or unexpected result. However, if we think more about how the software is actually used and by whom, we'll see that there are many other types of bugs, including scalability, reliability, and even maintainability ones.
If we put all those “-ilities” in a list and prioritize them by their severity and importance to the business, we'll see that functionality-related bugs are rather far from the top. I would actually put maintainability at the top.
My point is that mistakes are not all equal. If I'm writing a PDF report generated by a piece of Java code and my report misses the footer, that's one type of bug, and its fix will cost the business X dollars. On the other hand, if my PDF generation code is so difficult to modify that in order to change its format from A4 to US Letter we have to rewrite it from scratch, that's a completely different type of bug. Needless to say, its fixing will be many times more expensive.
Good programmers make cheaper mistakes in order to avoid making more expensive ones.
So yes, mistakes are inevitable. We should not be afraid of them and be ready to make them. However, good programmers make cheaper mistakes in order to avoid making more expensive ones.
Good programmers understand that in the limited amount of time we usually have to implement the software, we have to sacrifice functionality in order to gain maintainability. Ideally, you want to achieve both, but in reality, it's next to impossible.
We all work under pressure, and we have time and money constraints. Within these constraints, good programmers prefer to make functionality buggy and incomplete while keeping the design clean and easy to maintain. There are exceptions, of course, where the business prioritizes functionality above everything else, but such situations happen very rarely (if the business is smart).
To summarize, I think that a good programmer makes more functional bugs than a bad programmer, though the bugs made by a bad programmer are more expensive than bugs made by a good programmer.
AUBURN — After making an emotional plea to city officials, an Auburn family may be able to keep its two pet goats.
A few weeks ago, after initially receiving an OK from the city to keep the small goats as pets, the Tripp family of Merrow Road was informed that the city had overlooked an ordinance that prohibits the animals.
The City Council will consider an amendment to that ordinance Monday, which if approved, would allow the family — and especially 7-year-old Adele and 8-year-old Elijah — to keep their pets.
Both children, along with their parents and other family members, have made a few appearances at recent City Council meetings, asking the city to correct its mistake. Audrey Tripp and her husband, Nathan, bought the goats for their children after receiving permission from Eric Cousens, deputy director of planning and code enforcement.
Soon after, a police officer arrived at their home, which is near the Auburn-Lewiston Municipal Airport. A neighbor had complained about noise and odor, and the officer cited a section of the city's ordinance regarding animal control. Goats are not permitted in lot sizes smaller than one acre, and the Tripp's is 0.39 acres.
At recent council meetings, the family has said the animals barely make sound and emit no odors, and said taking away the pets now would be devastating to the children. Other family members and friends told councilors of how well the pets are cared for.
At the previous council meeting, Audrey Tripp said her children are now constantly worried about losing the pets.
As recently as last week, officials were discussing how to address the issue. Some thought the least the city could do would be to reimburse the family the $2,400 cost of the Nigerian dwarf goats. The family declined.
Audrey Tripp's father, Earl Bickford, who also lives in Auburn, originally brought the issue to the council this spring. He has continually urged the council to “correct the city's mistake in a way that's fair.” He has also circulated a petition throughout the city, gaining easy support in the wards surrounding the Tripps' neighborhood.
The council will discuss the ordinance changes during a 5:30 p.m. workshop Monday. According to Cousens' memo to the council, there has been “much discussion regarding the possible relief to the Tripp family” out of “a desire to clarify our ordinances.”
Cousens looked at the ordinance with Auburn's animal control officer and the city attorney. He recommends that the council “amend Chapter 8 of the code of ordinances to remove the separate 1-acre lot requirement for the keeping of livestock, add a reference to an ‘animal farm' as defined by the code, and simplify the remaining language in Section 8-264.”
If supported by the City Council, an official vote on the amendments is likely to come at a subsequent meeting.
[email protected]
Longer than the Houses of Parliament and able to launch up to 108 air strike sorties per day, Britain's new aircraft carriers will make potential enemies “think twice” about starting future wars, their senior naval officer has said.
The new Queen Elizabeth Class carriers will be become Britain's most potent conventional weapon and change the way the Royal Navy does business, Capt Simon Petitt said.
The two vast 67,000 tonne vessels, which have cost £6.2bn for the pair, are the largest warships ever built in Britain.
The first of the ships to be ready, HMS Queen Elizabeth, is due to start sea trials next year and is expected to be ready for its first deployment in 2021. Its sister ship, the Prince of Wales, is being built alongside at Rosyth on the Firth of Forth and is expected to be ready around 18 months later.
The vast ships, which are being built by an army of 10,000 workers, have a four acre flight deck and are taller than the Niagara Falls.
Slow Cooker BBQ Ribs are the the easiest way to make ribs, and they are incredibly tender and flavorful. If you have never made ribs because they seem too complicated or time consuming, this is the perfect recipe. Just like my Slow Cooker Chicken and Mexican Style Stuffed Bell Peppers, you cannot mess these up!
Start with a rack of baby back ribs. Season with salt and pepper, or all-purpose steak season and brown sugar. Rub seasoning into both sides of rack. Place entire rack of ribs in slow cooker, meaty side facing the outer wall of the slow cooker.
Pour BBQ sauce over ribs and cook on low 6-8 hours. Mine were tender after 7 hours.
Once ribs are done, remove from slow cooker and serve. Optional: Broil ribs on high for about 5 minutes in oven to further caramelize BBQ sauce. These recipes easily doubles! Just curve additional rack of ribs on the opposite wall of the slow cooker.
4.89 from 9 votes Print Slow Cooker BBQ Ribs Prep Time 5 mins Cook Time 8 hrs Total Time 8 hrs 5 mins Slow Cooker BBQ Ribs Course: Dinner Servings : 2 -4 Authors : Melissa @ No. 2 Pencil Ingredients Baby back pork ribs - about 2.75 pounds
1 tablespoon of brown sugar
All-purpose steak seasoning or salt and pepper to taste
1 1/2 cups of BBQ sauce of choice Instructions Season ribs and place in slow cooker with meaty part facing wall of slow cooker. Pour BBQ sauce over ribs and cook on low for 6-8 hours. Serve warm with additional BBQ sauce. Optional step: Broil ribs, in oven, on high for about 5 minutes after removing from slow cooker.
Recipe notes: Some bottled BBQ sauces can be very high in sodium, so take that into account when seasoning the ribs and adjust salt accordingly. This recipe is easily doubled to two racks.
I'd love for you to keep up on my new projects and recipes. You can follow me on Facebook and Twitter. You can also find me on Pinterest, that's my favorite place to hang out and I'd love to see you there.
You may also like my
Scott Swan/Eyewitness News
When people used to hear the name Henry Lee Summer they would think of hit records. "Hey Baby" and "I Wish I Had a Girl" climbed all the way up to the top 20 on the Billboard charts in the late 1980's. But lately, the rocker's name conjures up brushes with the law and multiple stints in drug rehab.
For the first time since his latest drug arrest, Summer is talking exclusively about the inner demons he battles and the music that draws him to the stage.
Summer, 55, wore a Led Zeppelin shirt during a candid 30-minute interview at "Ike and Jonesy's" in downtown Indianapolis and was comfortable talking about the rise of his popularity.
"I thought I was going to be the next Bruce Springsteen," says Summer. "Maybe I'll be big like him. And, for a moment, I started thinking that. But then I came back down to reality - no I'm not going to get close to that. It was the best. That was my dream to be a rock and roll musician. To have hit records and tour around the country," said Summer. "Your 15 minutes (of fame) goes by so fast you have to smack yourself to enjoy it. 'Cause doggone it; there it went."
Summer laughs when he is asked about his music videos from the 1980s.
"Aren't those corny? I've got the big (hair). I've got a mullet, thinking I'm looking cool. Looking like a dork," says Summer. "Looking at it now. my kids are like 'Dad'. I said, 'Hey, everybody looked like that. Chill out."
The rocker from Brazil, Indiana, whose real name is Henry Lee Swartz, says he sold over two million records and made millions of dollars.
"I've got a picture of me and a check worth $1.25 million that I got for signing a publishing deal."
"How bad did it get for you?"
Summer says he wasted a lot of the money he earned in music. Much of the money was spent on drugs after becoming hooked on narcotics in cough medicine.
"I knew I was a drug addict before I did drugs because I don't do anything a little bit. So, once it got into my system, it was hard. It's hard every day right now."
Scott Swan: "What drugs were you doing?"
Henry Lee Summer: "All of them. Everything from crystal meth to heroin. Once you start doing it, at least for people like me, because I'm an addict, you try everything. My drug of choice was opiates. I can't do one opiate. Or, I'll be right back on the skid. I need to completely stay away from everything."
Scott Swan: "How bad did it get for you?"
Henry Lee Summer: "Bad. I flat-lined a couple of times. I'd (overdose). Ambulance would have to come pick me up. It wasn't like I was trying to kill myself. But, you're taking so much, you don't even know what you're taking. I didn't think I was going to make it. Like everybody else, you don't think you're going to live through the year. You're waiting for yourself to die. Enough people didn't give up on me. And, they stuck with me. I let 'em down a lot of times. I had to lie to them. I told them I was cleaned up. And, I'd get money to do something else and go out and buy drugs. I was letting them down by telling them I was off. And I'd get right back on it."
Scott Swan: "What do you tell your (four) kids?"
Henry Lee Summer: "I had to tell them 'your dad had problems. Or has problems. I have that addictive personality. I can't do drugs at all. I can't get high on the weekends and come back. When I do it, it doesn't stop. It just keeps going. It was me being stupid. One of the dealers called me up because they're always calling me up, because I'm a good customer. Or used to be, I'm not now. They'd said, I've got some whatever. It's 4 in the morning, Heck yes. I'd drive out there. And the police are waiting for me."
Scott Swan: "People look at your mug shot. You've seen that mug shot."
Henry Lee Summer: "Me and Nick Nolte. Right there together. I know it's bad. I only laugh at things because it's so humiliating. I have to laugh at it."
Summer says he is now off probation for the first time in six years.
Scott Swan: "Are you drugs right now?"
Henry Lee Summer: "No. no drugs."
Scott Swan: "Are you clean right now?"
Henry Lee Summer: "Yes."
Scott Swan: "How big a challenge is staying sober?"
Henry Lee Summer: "I can promise I can get through this day, but I can't promise you next week."
Scott Swan: "When is the last time you took drugs?"
Henry Lee Summer: "Like right before Thanksgiving (2010)."
Scott Swan: "What did you take?"
Henry Lee Summer: "Man, you're being hard (laugh)." Crystal meth. I know every drug dealer in town. And, it's not their fault. It's my fault. People don't realize how there all drugs are. If you want them, they are just there. When I'm trying to be clean, they'll put stuff in my mailbox. Throw things in my yard. Anything. Because they want that money."
Scott Swan: "Do you feel like you've hit rock bottom?"
Henry Lee Summer: "Boy, I hope so. I keep telling myself, man Henry, how much further are you going to go? I'm proud of myself. As bad off as I am, at least I'm not going down, physically and mentally. I can look at you and say this, I don't have to be ashamed of myself. At least I'm going in the right direction, but I have a long way to go. I willed myself to have hit records. But, I couldn't will myself to quit drugs."
Future goals
Scott Swan: "What are your goals now?"
Henry Lee Summer: "To stay clean. It's such a hard thing to do. I'm going to do it. I don't want to let my parents down or my kids down. If I do that, everything else will fall in place. I would love to have another hit record. That's probably not going to happen. But, if I can stay clean. When they hear my name, they're not going to think, oh he's the guy that gets in trouble all the time, I want to be back to music. If I stay clean long enough, I know that will happen because I'm a good musician. I'm just not a very good drug addict. I'm a good musician. I'm just not a very good drug addict."
Summer says he pawned off everything he owned to support his drug habit. Now, he is getting a fresh start because of his parents.
"My mom and dad bought a guitar, a drum set and a piano to get me started again," says Summer. "This (guitar) is my magic wand. Come on everybody, let's go," says Summer. "I love music. I don't need to do anything beside music. I don't need drugs."
Summer still writes music and paints everything he can reach at his home, including microphones, guitar straps and guitar cases. Summer plays regular gigs, saying he needs structure to keep him out of trouble.
"If I could be on stage 24 hours a day, I would never be in trouble. I would never have any problems. (Music) is way better than drugs. Way better. Being on stage and the music's going. There's not a drug in the world that comes close to that. You can tell by the way I talk, a million miles an hour, if I don't have something to latch on to, that's when I get myself in trouble. That's when I start thinking, pretty soon, I'm on my way to the drug man's house," says Summer. "(Drugs) rip your family up, your career, and money you might have. Drug takes it all. I messed up. Give me a chance. I'm trying to make it right."
An investigator with Harris County Atty. Vince Ryan's office shot and killed an armed man late Sunday evening.According to the Harris County Attorney's Office, investigator Tony Yet was having dinner inside the Mien Tay Quan restaurant when a fight broke out among some other patrons.Yet, who was eating with his own friends and off duty, escorted two of the other patrons out. He apparently broke up the fight.Some time later, one of the men returned to the restaurant with a weapon. Investigators say the man fired into the restaurant from the parking lot. That's when Yet, who is a trained peace officer, fired back. The suspect was hit and killed. The investigator was not hurt. Nobody else in the restaurant was hurt.The incident happened after 10:30 in the evening on Sunday. However Harris County Sheriffs Office investigators worked through the night and were still on scene 10 hours later.Investigators for Harris County Atty. Vince Ryan's office mainly work on civil matters, and provide investigative of various legal matters that are the responsibility of the County Attorney. They do carry weapons and are trained peace officers. However it is not known at this point whether Yet shot with his service weapon or a personal weapon. He has been with Vince Ryan's office for about three years.
FuRyu and Aquria have released new Caligula information and screenshots introducing characters Izuru, Naruko, and Aria, as well as Ostinato Musicians Shonen Doll and Shadow Knife.
Get the information below.
■ Characters
Izuru Minesawa (voiced by Yuichiro Umehara)
Izuru's Catharsis Effect takes the form of a sword, bursts through the left side of his face and then covers it like a mask. Is the unsightly ripping of his head-turning beauty a scream from inside this quiet boy?
In battle, Izuru is a close-range attacker. Defense is his weakness, but since he is specialized in chain attacks, by getting the conditions in order, you can trigger a series of raging chain attacks.
Naruko Morita (voiced by Ari Ozawa)
Naruko's Catharsis Effect leaves her alone, and instead her possessions transform, making it a a transformation unlike any other. Her beloved backpack changes and moves according to her two bits. She also has a large, hollow opening in the nape of her neck.
In battle, Naruko fights with a tricky style from any distance.
Aria (voiced by Asami Shimoda)
A virtual idol made at the same time as μ. Because μ's power is too strong within Mobius, Aria was not able to preserve her original appearance, and seems to have become chibi.
She finds the protagonists and empowers them in their fight to return to reality to stop μ, who created Mobius and went crazy.
In contrast to the immaculate and lovely μ, Aria has a cheerful, bright, and friendly personality.
■ Ostinato Musicians
Shonen Doll (voiced by Yumiri Hanamori)
Character Composer: PolyhonicBranch
A boy who resides inside a huge library within Mobius, and is completely isolated from the outside world. He always wears a hood low over his eyes, hiding his expression.
He sneers at those who carry on social lives and cannot do anything without a group of people. He produces gloomy, violent music that feels like an attack on the listener.
While the concepts he treats can be difficult, his songs are helpful to lonely human beings, and he has some wildly enthusiastic followers.
Shadow Knife (voiced by Yuuma Uchida)
Character Sound Composer: 164
A hero of justice who executes traitors within Mobius. He judges evil by making use of his abilities to freely manipulate shadows and knives. Because he is the musician with the highest degree of combat specialization, he acts an an escort for μ.
He often says pompous stuff people feel like they've heard somewhere before, like, “That guy's the weakest of all us musicians…,” which leaves those around him feeling awkward.
Some think Shadow Knife's name, appearance, and even his abilities are straight out of an anime that was popular in reality several years ago.
Affordable, Powerful Electric Scooters Coming Soon
September 2nd, 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
VentureBeat reports that PowerGenix has developed a nickel zinc (NiZn) battery that has 35 percent higher power and energy density than a nickel metal hydride (NiMH) battery (used in hybrid vehicles), but is half the cost of a lithium-ion battery.
This is great news for scooter fanatics, who right now are forced to choose between cheap scooters with lead-acid batteries and expensive scooters with powerful lithium-ion batteries.
A bike or scooter using the PowerGenix' NiZn battery has enough energy to run errands or commute to work— but comes with a cheaper price tag than the lithium-ion powered Zero.
PowerGenix recently inked a deal with Veloteq to produce scooters using their NiZn battery. Look for the scooters to be marketed initially in Europe and the US next year.
Photo credit: VentureBeat
More Posts on Clean Technology:
North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un has released a low-quality propaganda video depicting regime troops exploding a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier and bomber. The video was released over the weekend in a show of defiance against renewed talk of extra sanctions on the hermit kingdom.
According to Fox News, Pyongyang's “main propaganda outlet Uriminzokkiri TV, showed fictional footage of North Korean troops destroying the USS Carl Vinson. A B-51 bomber is shown meeting a similar fate moments later.”
The ominous video features a voiceover that issues a series of threats against the United States.
“A knife will be stabbed into the throat of the carrier, while the bomber will fall from the sky after getting hit by a jail of fire,” says the female narrator.
Watch the entire propaganda video below:
The 170-second clip comes just weeks after the oppressive regime's latest ballistic missiles test aimed at running drills in anticipation of a possible assault on a U.S. base in Japan. North Korea was unapologetic in its recent provocations, indicating that the regime may be testing the waters now that the U.S. has elected a new president.
“The nuclear force of (North Korea) is the treasured sword of justice and the most reliable war deterrence to defend the socialist motherland and the life of its people,” declared a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman shortly after the weapons' test.
While the Trump administration has yet to outline possible nuclear deterrence strategies the U.S. may employ against the volatile Kim regime, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has placed Kim Jong-un on notice.
“Let me be very clear: The policy of strategic patience has ended,” Tillerson said in a recent visit to South Korea. “We are exploring a new range of diplomatic, security and economic measures. All options are on the table.”
During his visit, Tillerson also made a point of putting pressure on China to use its significant influence over Pyongyang in order to quell the regime's hostile behavior against the U.S. and its allies in the region.
Equifax UK has surfaced to say that British systems were not affected by a recently disclosed megahack, however 400,000 UK people were affected due to a “process failure.”
The credit reference agency is saying that UK dedicated systems were not affected by the security breach at its US parent firm that exposed the personal details of millions of consumers.
Equifax Ltd and TDX Group systems and platforms are “entirely separated from those impacted by the Equifax Inc cybersecurity incident,” it said.
As part of its investigation, Equifax has identified unauthorised access to limited personal information for certain UK consumers:
Regrettably, the investigation shows that a file containing UK consumer information may potentially have been accessed. This was due to a process failure, corrected in 2016, which led to a limited amount of UK data being stored in the US between 2011 and 2016. The information was restricted to: Name, date of birth, email address and a telephone number, and Equifax can confirm that the data does not include any residential address information, password information or financial data. Having concluded the initial assessment, Equifax has established that it is likely to need to contact fewer than 400,000 UK consumers in order to offer them appropriate advice and a range of services to help safeguard and reassure them.
Equifax plans to contact Brits affected by the breach to advise them and give them access to a free comprehensive identity protection service which will allow them to monitor their personal data, including their credit information, and be alerted to any potential signs of fraudulent activity.
The service will also incorporate web and social media monitoring, alerting the consumer to any publicly available information about them.
Patricio Remon, Europe president at Equifax Ltd, said: “We apologise for this failure to protect UK consumer data. Our immediate focus is to support those affected by this incident and to ensure we make all of the necessary improvements and investments to strengthen our security and processes going forward.”
The compromised UK consumer data does not relate to any single Equifax business client or institution, the firm added.
The Equifax investigation is ongoing. The firm said it's in dialogue with the Financial Conduct Authority and Information Commissioner's Office.
Equifax UK's statement came late on Friday, after normal business hours, following days of stonewalling customer queries. ®
By Ishola Balogun
The International Association of Ahmadi Architects and Engineers (IAAAE) have started the installation of solar power devices to illuminating villages or rural communities that never had electricity.
The solar panel projects are being installed in twenty five (25) villages in the Southwest states of , Ogun, Oyo, Ekiti, and Ondo) North Central states of Kogi, Niger and Nassarawa, North West State of Kano, and North central State of Bauchi,
The project began from Idoleyin village in Ogun state, South-west, Nigeria on Saturday, November 4th.
The project team visited Ado-Odo, Ajeru Oke Islam, Oja Odan, Opete, Ijeri Imeko Afon, Ayetoro, Ogun State, Omi Adio town of Oyo State and now at Ondo state.
The project as indicated by the National Publicity Secretary of the Jama'at, Dr. Qasim Akinreti incorporate installation of “the solar and borehole” intended to provide electricity and water to villages or rural communities who had power and clean water” he stated .
“Our IAAAE team will install the devices in twenty five villages crosswise over six geo-political zones of our nation.
The organization is purely a professional and non-political association with the aim of promoting the cause of Islam as well as provide assistance to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at to meet its architectural and engineering needs.
IAAAE was founded in 1980 by Hadrat Khalifatul Masih III, Mirza Nasir Ahmad (rh), the third caliph, to gather applied-scientists and researchers with the purpose of interpreting and correlating the scientific research in the light of the Holy Qur'an and to substantiate the Qur'anic truth with the modern discoveries.
As new s spread in July of the freshly brokered multilateral plan on Iran's nuclear program, some observers began to speculate that a North Korean nuclear deal might come next.[1] Analysts pinned their hopes on China, as in past moments of optimism, when they suggested that the North Korean ally might be able to help reanimate the Six Party process.
As China joined with Iran and five other powers in Vienna to unveil the so-called Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the culmination of years of painstaking diplomacy, Beijing appeared to encourage these expectations. In comments following the announcement, Chinese officials not only highlighted Beijing's crucial role in bringing the talks to their successful conclusion, but they also suggested that the success of the negotiations held lessons for a new round of nuclear talks with Pyongyang. In an exchange with UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon after the Iran deal's announcement, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi reportedly described the Iran talks as “a positive reference for coping with other international and regional hot spot issues, including the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula.”[2] Wang's comments were echoed in a People's Daily commentary—published under the name “Zhong Sheng” (“Voice of China”), a pseudonym often used to convey official Chinese positions on foreign policy—which described the deal with Iran as a “message of hope” to the world.[3]
Should official Chinese statements be understood as a signal that new nuclear talks with its neighbor and ally are on the horizon? The South Korean and US envoys to the Six Party process both visited Beijing in the week or so following the adoption of the agreement by the United Nations on July 19, and their trips could be read as promising signs. But in both Chinese universities and government-affiliated think tanks, Chinese experts who focus regularly on North Korea's nuclear program have not aligned behind their government's propositions: that the Iran agreement provides an opening for nuclear negotiations with North Korea, and that the Iran process holds lessons for reaching a deal with Pyongyang. As informed opinion, analyses by Chinese experts offer insights into how Beijing may assess the challenges and opportunities presented by international developments, or they may even be indicative of internal policy debate. Commentaries by elite observers may also be seen as policy tools in the sense that they can be used to help set public expectations for policy outcomes.
Only a handful of substantive commentaries on the Iran deal's implications for North Korea have circulated in Chinese public fora to date, possibly indicating that a silent majority of China's North Korea watchers disagree with the optimistic official line. At the time of writing, the most prolific among China's expert observers of Korean peninsula affairs have not published assessments, but several experts from leading Beijing-based think tanks have shared their views. Shi Yongming, an associate research fellow in the China Institute of International Studies, a think tank affiliated with China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, makes familiar arguments about the barriers he sees Washington's policies presenting to Iran-style negotiations with North Korea. In his commentary in the Beijing Review, Shi points to Washington's requirements that Pyongyang abandon not only its nuclear weapons, but also its right to develop its own civilian nuclear energy program. He argues that tensions from the “hegemonic logic” of US interactions with the region, as well as US-Japan military integration and the ongoing threat of the use of force by the US against North Korea, all distinguish the North Korean case from that of Iran. Shi argues that the North Korean experience with International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspections offers a cautionary tale for Iran. The inspections, in his view, led to intolerable intrusions by Washington, ultimately causing the collapse of the 1994 Agreed Framework.[4]
In an opinion piece for the Financial Times (Chinese-language edition), an associate at the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center for Global Policy argues on different grounds that the Iran deal offers few lessons for the North Korean nuclear issue. Zhao Tong, whose research center at China's Tsinghua University includes both international and Chinese experts, contends that the two countries' nuclear programs are fundamentally different. Because Iran had not developed nuclear weapons and had long declared that was not the endgame of its uranium enrichment program, negotiations with Tehran could focus on how to regulate Iran's civilian nuclear capacity. This is not possible in the case of North Korea, which is already a self-declared nuclear state, a status it has enshrined in its constitution. Pyongyang has also declared that it will not relinquish its nuclear weapons. In Zhao's view, new multilateral negotiations appear unlikely not only due to a lack of will on the part of Washington to improve political relations with Pyongyang, but also due to Pyongyang's own resistance to steps that would improve the security environment on the peninsula.[5]
Wang Junsheng of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS), a prominent Chinese think tank serving the State Council, acknowledges arguments made by many other Chinese experts on Washington's role in Iran-style talks, including the view that the Obama administration lacks incentives to press for a breakthrough with North Korea. A widely held view is that the Iran deal and the normalization of US-Cuba ties represent a sufficient diplomatic legacy for President Obama. Moreover, since North Korea lacks Iran's geopolitical heft, many argue that the US has scant inducement to adjust its policy of “strategic patience”—particularly when the threat from Pyongyang helps Washington to justify policies associated with its pivot to Asia, while further cementing its alliances with Seoul and Tokyo. In addition, many argue that the short time left in President Obama's tenure makes it less likely that his administration will undertake an ambitious new diplomatic initiative.[6] Despite these factors, Wang contends that Washington does want to leverage the new atmosphere to achieve something positive with North Korea—if North Korea will do something to break the deadlock. Wang sees signs of flexibility on the part of Kim Jong-un, but the analyst is only cautiously optimistic. He notes that the regime has pointedly rejected Iran-style talks and has focused its recent diplomatic energy on achieving international recognition as a nuclear weapons state. Wang observes that a recent tribute by Kim to Chinese soldiers who died in the Korean War[7] may indicate that North Korea's leader hopes to improve his strained relations with Beijing, but the expert adds that it should not be seen as anything more—it is not a sign that North Korea is willing to explore new talks. In Wang's view, a more meaningful portent that a shift in the deadlock on nuclear talks could be possible was Kim's decision on whether to travel to Beijing for China's commemoration of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II. Had Kim joined the celebration, it would perhaps have signaled a willingness to return to talks. [8] After the publication of Wang's commentary, however, Pyongyang announced that Kim had decided against attending the September 3 event. Meanwhile, South Korean President Park Geun-hye did join the celebrations in Beijing, where she and Chinese President Xi Jinping issued a joint statement pledging to work together to persuade Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear program. The leaders also called for a resumption of the Six Party Talks, which reports suggest will be an agenda item on the trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea to be scheduled for later this year.[9]
Each of these Chinese experts offers a skeptical take on the Iran deal's ability to serve as a bellwether of potential progress on the North Korean nuclear issue. Moreover, their skepticism is consistent with the growing frustration expressed by China's North Korea watchers over the threats that Pyongyang has posed to China's security and reputation, and with the pessimism shared by those experts about the prospects for North Korean denuclearization. As Beijing has relaxed controls over Chinese discourse on North Korea, some of China's North Korea watchers continue to hold firmly to the view that China must maintain its traditional “lips and teeth” relationship with North Korea on historical and ideological grounds. Others, including some of China's best known scholars on international security and strategy, have gone so far as to recommend that Beijing reassess its traditional alliance relationship with Pyongyang. To date, however, Beijing has not fundamentally reframed its policy toward its neighbor. Beijing's posture continues to rest heavily on the hope that North Korea can be persuaded that its interests are best served by eschewing provocative actions detrimental to China's interests and regional security while resuming talks on a peaceful process of denuclearization and reengaging more broadly with the international community.
____________________
[1] See, for example, Matthew Bell, “The Iran Nuclear Deal Has North Korea Written All Over It,” Public Radio International, July 21, 2015, http://www.pri.org/stories/2015-07-21/iran-nuclear-deal-has-north-korea-written-all-over-it. For another positive statement from a senior Chinese diplomat see, 延静[Yan Jing],”朝核六方会谈出路何在”[Six Party Talks On North Korea's Nukes are the Way to Go], 中国 选举与治理 [China Elections and Governance], July 19, 2015, http://www.chinaelections.org/article/910/238442.html.
[2] Cheng Mengwei, “Iran Deal ‘Not Right Blueprint' for Korean Peninsula,” China Daily USA, July 29, 2015, http://usa.chinadaily.com.cn/epaper/2015-07/29/content_21440075.htm.
[3] Ben Blanchard, “China's Top Paper Says Iran Deal Shows Talks, Not Sanctions, Work,” Reuters, July 15, 2015, http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/07/15/iran-nuclear-china-idINKCN0PP0CG20150715.
[4] 时永明 [Shi Yongming], “伊核协议对朝核问题的启示 [Implications of the Iranian Nuclear Deal for the Korean Nuclear Issue],” 中国国际问题研究院 [China Institute for International Studies], August 19, 2015, http://www.ciis.org.cn/chinese/2015-08/19/content_8169642.htm.
[5] 赵通 [Zhao Tong], “伊朗核协议将如何影响大国博弈？” [How Will the Iran Nuclear Deal Affect the Great Power Game], FT中文网 [FT Chinese Web Edition]. July 27, 2015, http://www.ftchinese.com/story/001063185?full=y.
[6] “朝鲜:对伊朗式核谈‘不感冒,” [North Korea: “Not Interested” in the Iran Nuclear Talks,” 新华网 [Xinhua Web], July 21, 2015, http://news.xinhuanet.com/world/2015-07/21/c_128043547.htm.
[7] Kim Hwan Yong, “Kim Jong-un Hails Chinese Role in Korean War,” Voice of America, July 28, 2015,” http://www.voanews.com/content/kim-jong-un-hails-chinese-role-in-korean-war/2882792.html.
[8] 王俊生 [Wang Junsheng], “伊朗核协议签署后的朝鲜半岛局势 [The Situation on the Korean Peninsula After the Iran Nuclear Deal],” 观点中国 [Opinion China], July 31, 2015, http://opinion.china.com.cn/opinion_12_134612.html.
[9] Kim Hwan Yong, “Kim Skipping WWII Ceremony Show Troubled China-North Korea Ties,” Voice of America, August 27, 2015, http://www.voanews.com/content/kims-absence-at-wwii-ceremony-shows-trouble-china-north-korea-ties/2935821.html, “Chinese President Xi Jinping Urges Resumption of North Korea Nuclear Talks,” Economic Times, September 2, 2015, http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/48772859.cms?utm_source=contentofinterest&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=cppst; “Park, Xi Vow to Revive Nuclear Talks with N.Korea,” Chosun Ilbo, September 3, 2015, http://english.chosun.com/site/data/html_dir/2015/09/03/2015090300866.html.
4.1 Overall 119 Reviews View All By Rating 5 Star 37% 4 Star 40% 3 Star 19% 2 Star 2% 1 Star 2% By Category Overall 4.1 Value 4.0 Performance 3.9 Style 4.3 Comfort 4.3 Fuel Economy 3.9 Reliability 3.5
The James Beard Foundation Awards, considered the Oscars of the American restaurant scene, is moving its 25th anniversary ceremony to Chicago in 2015. It will be held at the Civic Opera House May 4 and would be the first time the ceremony is hosted outside New York since the awards' inception in 1990. Mayor Rahm Emanuel made the announcement Tuesday morning at Pritzker Pavilion.
"People ... come from all over the country, all over the world to the city of Chicago to enjoy what you do with the canvas of a beautiful meal," Emanuel said to the group of chefs joining him on Pritzker's stage. "We've reached a milestone, through your years of work, in putting Chicago on the world stage as a culinary capital and a culinary destination."
The Beard Awards are a major get for the city, allowing Chicago restaurants to showcase for the country's top chefs, restaurateurs and food journalists that attend the event. It's the closest the food world has to a star-studded Hollywood gala: This year's Beard Awards at New York's Lincoln Center drew 1,700 people, and included presenters Martha Stewart, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Ahmir “Questlove” Thompson from hip-hop group The Roots.
(This reporter is a voting member of the James Beard Foundation.)
“The incredible passion and enthusiasm of Mayor Rahm Emanuel in wanting to host our foundation in Chicago was ultimately irresistible,” said Susan Ungaro, the president of the James Beard Foundation.
Ungaro said the foundation was first approached by Choose Chicago CEO Don Welsh, the city's tourism and conventions salesman-in-chief. Conversations heated up three to four months ago among Choose Chicago, the mayor's office and the Illinois Restaurant Association. Ungaro said the agreement was made official about two weeks ago.
“When the mayor put his goal of 55 million visitors, we looked at all the segments that come to Chicago — the convention-goers, the weekend trip from Indianapolis — and the one common denominator was food,” Welsh said. “The mayor saw (The Beard Awards') overarching benefits to the city, and was very clear to Sam Toia (president of the Illinois Restaurant Association) and myself to ‘go and get it.'”
While the ceremony will be held here next year, locations for 2016 and beyond are unknown.
A James Beard Award is a distinction that places local restaurants on the national map. Previous Chicago winners for outstanding chef, tantamount to being named national chef of the year, include Rick Bayless, Charlie Trotter, Grant Achatz and Paul Kahan.
“All restaurants (in Chicago) will benefit. They'll get to mingle and mix with the culinary elite of America,” said Alinea chef Grant Achatz, who won the Beard's outstanding chef award in 2008. “More broadly, there's always been that second city mentality. The more acclaim our city can get — not just a single restaurant, but the validity we can get as a group of restaurants — that will really empower Chicago's chefs and restaurateurs.”
A handful of Chicago names were winners at this year's awards. Dave Beran of Next was named the best chef in the Great Lakes region, and Jimmy Bannos Jr. of The Purple Pig was a co-winner for rising star chef, awarded to cooks under 30. Lawton Stanley Architects won outstanding restaurant design (75 seats and under) for their work on the West Loop restaurant Grace. In the journalism and book awards, Jacquy Pfeiffer of The French Pastry School (with co-author Martha Rose Shulman) won the baking and dessert book award for “The Art of French Pastry.”
James Beard was perhaps America's first food celebrity, a cookbook author and educator who made haute cuisine accessible to the masses. In 1946 he hosted an NBC show called “I Love to Eat,” widely regarded as the first home cooking show on television. Beard would form a cooking school in 1955 and continued writing recipe books — credited with 27 during his lifetime — until his death in 1985 at age 81. The James Beard Foundation, a nonprofit, was founded in New York in 1986.
Ungaro would not elaborate whether the city offered any financial incentives that ultimately lured the awards from New York, only that the city of Chicago made “a compelling offer in terms of sponsorships and marketing.”
Welsh said the event will be funded entirely through corporate sponsorship, and that “not one dollar of public money will be used for this event.” HMS Host and Mariano's have signed on as the first two sponsors.
Despite the awards gala relocating to Chicago (Ungaro said no decision has been made about host cities beyond 2015), the foundation's journalism, broadcast and book awards will remain in New York next year. Ungaro said it was easier for attendees of that ceremony to travel — 60 percent of those who attend the journalism, broadcast and book awards reside in New York, New Jersey or Connecticut. For the chefs gala, two-thirds of attendees come from outside the New York tri-state area.
kpang@tribune.com
Twitter @pang
If you like playing with new gadgets in the kitchen, you'll love this giveaway. Open to US residents only, you have through 12/25 to enter to win. Good luck. One winner gets everything.
The Kitchen Essentials Giveaway ~ Ends 12/25 @SMGurusNetwork
Welcome to the Kitchen Essentials Giveaway!
1 winner
This giveaway is part of our Holiday Gift Guide – Stop by to see all the giveaways and great products.
This contest is hosted by the Social Media Gurus Network!
Host that put together this giveaway is Deliciously Savvy
Below is a list of all the bloggers involved in the gift guide giveaways.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Now let's get to the sponsors!
Check Out My Review HERE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Check Out My Review HERE
Check Out My Review HERE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Check Out My Review HERE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Check Out My Review HERE
1 Lucky Winner Will Win All Of The Kitchen Essentials Pictured Above With A Total Value of $222!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
THE GIVEAWAY
This giveaway is in no way endorsed, affiliated, or associated with Facebook, Twitter or any other Social Media Networking Site. This Giveaway is valid in the United States Only and Entrants must be 18+ years of age to enter. This giveaway event will end at 11:59 PM (EST) 12/25/17. The winner will have 48 hours to email their information back to mcushing7 (at) hotmail (dot) com or a new winner will be drawn, you may want to put this email address as safe as it could go to spam. The sponsor is responsible for shipping of the above prize. No blog associated with this contest are responsible for prize fulfillment. If you would like to be a sponsor in a giveaway like this please email Melissa Cushing at mcushing7 (at)hotmail(dot) com. If you take an entry you must stay following for the entire contest or you will be disqualified.
Also we all “love it if you like us” on Facebook! If you like our blogs on social media it helps us bring you only the best giveaways and more of them!
Enter below and Good Luck!
Disclosure: Java John Z's did not receive compensation for this post and is not responsible for prize fulfillment.
Elements of the left thought it just fine to describe Sales in abusive and sexist terms because her grilling of Abbott did not meet their expectations. It's not OK, yet the debate rolled on for most of the week sending mixed messages about what the left is up to right now. Have they resorted to antics more often employed by the far right? Sales was accused, in some instances with very vile language, of being too easy on Abbott and even biased towards him. How soon they forget. Last August Sales had Abbott not only on the ropes, but flat out on the mat and wishing for an early end to the bout. During the August interview, Sales got Abbott to admit he hadn't read a BHP statement he wrongly claimed was blaming the carbon tax for the suspension of the Olympic Dam mining project. Abbott haters were more than pleased with that exchange, leaving the right angry and feverishly circulating their own nasty claims of bias.
But now it's the left that is furious. The commentary says more, however, about where the left is at psychologically as a movement. Facing the likelihood of a conservative government and a Prime Minister Abbott, parts of the left have taken to desperate gutter tactics. They seem to be now insisting that media interviewers push their cause and help prevent a Coalition victory in September. Meanwhile, Julia Gillard's ability to win over the electorate remains far from where she and her party would like it to be, but Labor MPs have mostly resolved they must now fall in behind her. As obvious a statement as that might be, it is only over this past week that most inside Labor have reached that conclusion.
Just two weeks ago there were rumblings Gillard would be facing renewed leadership pressure before the election. The possibly honourable, but certainly kamikaze move by Simon Crean last month in calling for a spill sent him to the backbench. But it also fuelled speculation he would throw his own hat into the leadership ring in the near future. Even as Gillard's new frontbenchers were moving into their ministerial offices, word was getting around to some that their reward for loyalty to the PM would not last long. They were not referring to the likelihood of losing government in September, the message was that a post-budget leadership challenge was on the cards and the old frontbench would be back to reclaim some jobs. The leadership contender? None other than Crean. That's what the previous Rudd backers and some wider anti-Gillard ALP forces were planning.
They considered Crean would be a ''safe pair of hands'' after a budget they expect won't go down too well with voters. It seems cooler heads have prevailed, probably with the realisation that if Crean couldn't mobilise numbers behind Rudd, he most likely wouldn't be able to muster up a majority for himself. At least voting Australians now have another choice, thanks to Queensland's billionaire mining magnate Clive Palmer, who declared on Friday he wanted to be Australia's next PM. But then said he didn't. Chances are he won't.
Since the Islamic Society (Isoc) at a London University coordinated a campaign of harassment to shut down a talk by an atheist ex-Muslim last week, the Feminist and LGBT societies have respectively declared their “solidarity” with the Islamists, despite the Isoc president making his opposition to gay and women's rights very clear.
Mariam Namazie (above left) is the founder and leader of the British Council of Ex-Muslims who started the successful #ExMuslimBecause hashtag that trended worldwide two weeks ago, subsequently to be attacked by the BBC.
As Breitbart London reported, she gave a talk last Tuesday called “blasphemy and free speech in the age of ISIS” at Goldsmiths University, London, the previous stomping ground of #KillAllWhiteMen ‘Welfare and Diversity' officer Bahar Mustafa.
Before the event, the Isoc used social media to claim the ex-Muslim speaker violated their “strict” safe space policy.
A mob of male Islamists from the Isoc then showed up at the event. They sat at the front and aggressively heckled, shouting “safe space” and “she's talking rubbish”, and eventually physically intervened to stop proceedings by switching off the power to a projector displaying her presentation.
“We support them,” declared the Feminist society on Wednesday, “…condemning the actions of the Atheist, Secularist and Humanist Society and agree that hosting known islamophobes at our university creates a climate of hatred.”
Two days later, the LGBTQ+ Society also announced its “solidarity” with the “brothers and sisters” of the Islamic society who had attempted to shut down the discussion, and its opposition to the Secular and Atheist society.
“We condemn AHS and online supporters for their islamophobic remarks, attitudes, and harassment,” they wrote, adding:
“If they feel intimidated, we urge them to look at the underpinnings of their ideology. We find that personal and social harm enacted in the name of ‘free speech' is foul, and detrimental to the wellbeing of students and staff on campus.”
Rather ironically, Muhammed Patel — the President Of Goldsmiths Islamic Society and believed to have been present at the talk — is openly and vocally opposed to equal rights for gays and women.
On Twitter, (since made private) he has said that gay people cannot be Muslims, that he wants “fags… off my timeline” and said women must wear the veil least they “fear Allah”. He has also called Israelis “pigs”.
On Facebook, Mr. Patel has gone to great lengths to defend the radical hate preacher Haitham al-Haddad, who has said the death sentence for apostasy (leaving Islam) “makes perfect sense” and said that Muslims should “be ready to pay the price for this victory from our blood”.
Mr. al-Haddad has also said deeply disparaging things about gay people, and when the LGBTQ+ society campaigned to stop him speaking at Goldsmiths in May, Mr. Patel promoted a petition defending free speech at universities. It reads:
The LGBTI Society at Westminster University have started a campaign to stop Westminster Student Islamic Society holding an event on University Campus because they disagree with the speakers views. To stop someone merely speaking would set a dangerous precedent. Universities host many student societies that hold a diverse range of views. As long as speech is lawful, and does not promote criminality, British Universities must uphold the enshrined principle laid down in the Education act (1986) to promote free speech. It is unhelpful for any group to ask for favorable treatment. Societies can only progress when different views are debated without intimidation. Universities are the best institutions to foster this.
His views appear to have changed somewhat in a year, as he works hard to defend his “favorable treatment” and attempts to silence those he disagrees with.
Paul Collingwood made a record 197 appearances for the England ODI side
Cricket World Cup Pool A: New Zealand v England Venue: Wellington Regional Stadium; Date: Friday, 20 February; Time: 01:00 GMT Coverage: Ball-by-ball Test Match Special commentary on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra, Radio 4 LW, online, tablets, mobiles and BBC Sport app. Live text commentary on the BBC Sport website
Ex-England captain Paul Collingwood says coach Peter Moores may lose his job if results do not improve soon.
England suffered an 111-run defeat to Australia in their World Cup opener on Saturday, their ninth loss in their last 13 one-day internationals.
Collingwood, 38, who is now part of the Scotland coaching team, thinks a poor World Cup tournament would leave Moores in a vulnerable position.
"In the industry we are in, it comes down to results," said Collingwood.
Media playback is not supported on this device Cricket World Cup 2015: England's one-day woes explained
"Things will have to change around quickly if he doesn't want the pressure on his shoulders.
"If you are a batsman who doesn't put runs on the board, or a bowler who doesn't take wickets, you get dropped and it's exactly the same with a coach. If you don't get results, people will be looking at your job."
Peter Moores factfile 2003: Coaches Sussex to their first-ever County Championship title 2005: Succeeds Rod Marsh as head of the England National Cricket Academy 2007: Appointed as England coach following the resignation of Duncan Fletcher 2009: Sacked as England coach after a falling out with captain Kevin Pietersen 2011: Coaches Lancashire to a first outright County Championship title since 1934 2014: Appointed as England coach for the second time
Collingwood, who worked with Moores' predecessor Ashley Giles as England's specialist coach at last year's World Twenty20 in Bangladesh, believes the England batsmen have the quality to recover from Saturday's defeat at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and make an impact on the competition.
"I think England has the most powerful batting line-up they have ever had," he told The Tuffers and Vaughan Cricket Show on Radio 5 live.
"I was involved with England for seven weeks last year with [then coach] Ashley Giles, and when you see the talent and the power the batsmen have and the way the guys balls hit the ball, it is incredible."
The Durham batsman, who was captain of only the England side to win an ICC trophy, the 2010 World Twenty20, has particularly been impressed by the progression of James Taylor.
Media playback is not supported on this device Eoin Morgan cannot 'understand' poor form
Taylor, who was awarded an England increment contract this week, top scored with an unbeaten 98 in the Pool A defeat to Australia.
"He is a run-getter. Sometimes it does not look pretty, but he knows his own game and limitations," Collingwood said.
"But the main thing is he knows his strengths. he is good at gauging when to take risks, and he has a lot of shots."
Former England batsman Geoffrey Boycott "When you have a top job results are important and England's results haven't been good at all. "You can't blame one man. It's like in football - if results are bad after a while, they can't sack the whole 11 so they sack the manager or coach."
One England batsman who has been struggling for form is captain Eoin Morgan, who has been dismissed without scoring in four of his last five innings, but Collingwood says the Dubliner should be wary of trying to overanalyse his game and his technique.
"You tend to try to work and work and work but that can get you into a deeper hole. The only way to get out of a rut is to score runs out in the middle."
You can listen to the interview with Paul Collingwood on the The Tuffers and Vaughan Cricket Show on Wednesday at 19:30 GMT. The programme will subsequently be available for download as a podcast.
Listen to highlights from Test Match Special's and 5 live Sport's 2015 Cricket World Cup coverage
Jeb Bush's biggest hurdle – his own party
By RAMESH PONNURU
Bloomberg News
Last modified: 12/14/2014 8:11:34 AM
Jeb Bush, the former governor of Florida, told the Wall Street Journal's CEO Council this week that if he runs for president in 2016, he'll avoid courting Republican primary voters in ways that alienate the rest of the electorate, and he's willing to risk losing the primaries in consequence.
Bush allowed that this approach would be hard to pull off. But recent history suggests it might be harder for Bush than for other candidates – because he may not have enough trust from conservatives to address the party's central problem.
Republican strategists often cite Mitt Romney's immigration position in 2012 as an example of what their party should avoid. To fend off primary challengers, Romney took a hard line on illegal immigrants, saying they should “self-deport.” Exit polls suggest that Romney won a smaller share of Hispanic voters – only 27 percent – than other recent Republican candidates, surely in part as a result of that position.
Yet even if Romney had gotten the same share of Hispanics as George W. Bush in 2004 – about 40 percent – he still wouldn't have won the election. The party's most serious disadvantage in recent presidential contests is that voters don't think its agenda would promote the economic interests of most Americans. That perception affects the votes of Hispanics and non-Hispanics alike.
Romney didn't see the party's problem this way. Even if he had, he might not have come up with an attractive middle-class economic agenda. And even if he had overcome both those hurdles, he would've had a final handicap: The Republican Party and its activists didn't trust him enough to let him advance unorthodox policies or try innovative campaign tactics.
Bush has a similar problem. His record is very conservative. But in recent years, he's made more headlines for disagreeing with conservatives than for supporting them. He's broken with them on both immigration (he favors granting legal status to many unauthorized immigrants) and education (he supports the Common Core initiative to create uniform standards for K-12 schools). Bush can still win the nomination: Because most of his primary votes would come from the center and left of the party, he doesn't need to win big among the conservatives most fired up about immigration and Common Core.
But Bush's stand on Common Core won't help him much in the general election. For the most part, it isn't an issue of federal policy. So he has stumbled into a fight with the party base that won't yield him any long-term political gains. And while his stand on immigration could arguably help his chances in 2016, it doesn't solve the party's basic economic problem. The risk is that these stances will exhaust Republicans' tolerance for heterodoxy, and leave Bush with less room to adopt a new economic platform. A nominee who conservatives viewed as an ideological soul mate might have more leeway.
Bush isn't the only candidate facing this constraint. Sen. Rand Paul – who is weighing a campaign of his own – has also deviated from the Republican line on some issues, notably foreign policy and civil liberties. He might therefore be tempted to run as the most unimaginative, down-the-line conservative possible on other issues, and especially on economics.
Maybe Bush can overcome this dynamic. Maybe he can do just what his party needs for victory in 2016. But Republicans need to show they're responsive to the economic concerns of most people, not just those in boardrooms, and to do so they need the trust of the most conservative voters in the party. If so, then maybe telling a group of CEOs that he's willing to tick those voters off isn't the best way to start.
Two teams will play in Piscataway this weekend. One is a program that, based on its awful results on the field and serious questions on how it handled the health and safety of a player, has become a disgrace to college football.
The other one is Rutgers.
Funny, isn't it, how the narrative has shifted? Rutgers was the program that so many commentators and college sports fans didn't think belonged in the Big Ten, the one that brought all the baggage, the one that supposedly would never be able to compete with the blue bloods on the schedule.
Well, here is Rutgers at respectable 4-1 heading into its game this weekend – not a national title contender, but a solid football team with realistic postseason hopes and no off-the-field concerns – and look at the train wreck that's arriving at the New Brunswick station.
From, of all places, Michigan.
It's bad enough that Michigan has lost three games for the first time in its long history before the calendar turned to October, or that fans were elbowing their way up the Big House aisles in the third quarter of a humiliating loss to Minnesota. Teams have bad seasons, even one with more victories than any other Division 1 school.
The real concern is that damning video of the dazed and wobbling quarterback, supporting himself on the frame of an offensive lineman, being allowed to stay in the game for another play in that loss. And even worse: The continued denial from the head coach that Shane Morris' health was his responsibility.
That head coach, Brady Hoke, won't survive this – not given that he already was fast becoming a long-shot to make it through the season based on the results alone. His press conference Monday to explain what happened with Morris was such a mess, he made Roger Goodell look composed and contrite by comparison.
A good sign that you should update the old resume? USA Today and the campus newspaper are calling for your dismissal on the same day. “Brady Hoke's actions were indefensible, and we can no longer stand behind his employment at Michigan,” wrote the Michigan Daily, a high-water mark for student journalism.
Hoke should have apologized. Instead, he was defensive.
“I don't make decisions on who plays, who doesn't play, as far as injuries, in particular head trauma,” Hoke said. Sorry, but blaming the medical staff for a decision when anyone watching on TV could see Morris was either concussed or at least badly shaken after a huge hit isn't going to cut it.
It's the head coach's responsibility to protect his players, a responsibility that comes before anything else, and Hoke failed. That likely cost him his job, sooner or later, which means the Wolverines will have to start over with a new head coach.
This is a Michigan problem, but ultimately, it's a Big Ten problem, too. Yes, we're the new guys in the neighborhood here in New Jersey so forgive us for critique the landscaping so quickly, but can the Big Ten really be the Big Ten if that famous block M stands for Mess?
Michigan is essential for ratings, for prestige, for attention, and ultimately, for the bottom line. College sports are constantly changing, but if Michigan enters a phase of irrelevancy – and it sure looks headed there based on recent results – that's a far bigger concern for Jim Delany and Co. than anything Rutgers could do.
Kyle Flood called this game “an opportunity to play against one of the most storied programs in the history of college football,” and that's still true for Rutgers. But it must have been a great relief for the Rutgers head coach, given the controversies in Piscataway during his three years, to answer a question about how turmoil might affect somebody else for a change.
“We have to focus on our football team,” is what Flood said. That team is a 3.5-point favorite to claim its first Big Ten victory in front of its home crowd on Saturday and inch one victory closer to bowl eligibility.
The other team? That team is making the Big Ten look really, really bad right now. That team is Michigan.
UPDATED: I've updated the instructions based on feedback in the comments suggesting the use of the --dummy-path=spec/dummy --skip-test-unit options on the rails plugin new command.
Recently, we've been doing a lot more with Rails engines. We've developed a few engines that we've released publicly, and even more that we use privately on applications. We've found it's a good way to organize and share reusable code across a number of applications.
We really like using RSpec, Capybara, and FactoryGirl to test our Rails applications, and we like to use them to test our engines too. Here are a few steps to get your new engine up and running with these gems in no time:
Run rails plugin new ENGINE_NAME --dummy-path=spec/dummy --skip-test-unit --full or rails plugin new ENGINE_NAME --dummy-path=spec/dummy --skip-test-unit --mountable . This is a good discussion of why you'd choose mountable or full engines. Add these lines to the gemspec file: s.add_development_dependency 'rspec-rails' s.add_development_dependency 'capybara' s.add_development_dependency 'factory_girl_rails' Add this line to your gemspec file: s.test_files = Dir["spec/**/*"] Modify Rakefile to look like this: #!/usr/bin/env rake begin require 'bundler/setup' rescue LoadError puts 'You must `gem install bundler` and `bundle install` to run rake tasks' end APP_RAKEFILE = File.expand_path("../spec/dummy/Rakefile", __FILE__) load 'rails/tasks/engine.rake' Bundler::GemHelper.install_tasks Dir[File.join(File.dirname(__FILE__), 'tasks/**/*.rake')].each {|f| load f } require 'rspec/core' require 'rspec/core/rake_task' desc "Run all specs in spec directory (excluding plugin specs)" RSpec::Core::RakeTask.new(:spec => 'app:db:test:prepare') task :default => :spec This will setup your Rakefile to run your specs and make that the default task. It will also setup the specs to reload the test database just like how it works inside a Rails application. Create a spec/spec_helper.rb file: ENV['RAILS_ENV'] ||= 'test' require File.expand_path("../dummy/config/environment.rb", __FILE__) require 'rspec/rails' require 'rspec/autorun' require 'factory_girl_rails' Rails.backtrace_cleaner.remove_silencers! # Load support files Dir["#{File.dirname(__FILE__)}/support/**/*.rb"].each { |f| require f } RSpec.configure do |config| config.mock_with :rspec config.use_transactional_fixtures = true config.infer_base_class_for_anonymous_controllers = false config.order = "random" end This code requires all the gems you need for writing your specs, loads the dummy application, and configures RSpec. Finally, add this config to your engine file (lives at lib/my_engine/engine.rb ): module MyEngine class Engine < ::Rails::Engine config.generators do |g| g.test_framework :rspec, :fixture => false g.fixture_replacement :factory_girl, :dir => 'spec/factories' g.assets false g.helper false end end end Here, we're telling Rails when generating models, controllers, etc. for your engine to use RSpec and FactoryGirl, instead of the default of Test::Unit and fixtures
Yesterday's announcement by Chipotle that it start serving food only made with non-GMO ingredients was not a surprise. After all they have built their brand based on a consistent messaging plan that set them apart from their competition by positioning themselves as doing what is best for the land, farmers, animals, and of course their customers.
Chipotle's The Scarecrow video has 14+ million views, was picked up by countless media including NPR, Christian Science Monitor and Slate and been called by marketing reporter Ann Hadley as “the most poignant moment in marketing” and even won an award at Cannes….but according to The New Yorker, Mother Jones and BuzzFeed who recently published the “9 Disappointing Facts About Chipotle" the statements made in the video short are not 100% true.
The restaurant's announcement fast tracks the anti-GMO and GMO Labeling debates as it brings the issue to the “masses” rather than just having it argued by foodies, intellectuals, pundits and NGOs. Television talk shows have featured the debate with man-on-the-street (or farmers market, to be more precise) interviews as well as one on one “expert” interviews – all underscoring the passion to be fearful of GMOs and reinforcing the lack of basic knowledge about GMOs (or even what the acronym stands for!).
My fear is that this move by Chipotle adds to the confusion and misunderstanding; and does little to help consumers understand the issue and the science.
Marion Nestle , PhD and professor of nutrition, food studies and public health at New York University posted a brief comment on her blog. “No, this is not a safety issue. GMO corn ingredients were not making Chipotle customers sick. Yes, this is a matter of trust. Chipotle customers are offended that GMO foods are not labeled and that they have no choice about whether to eat them”. For the complete post visit Food Politics.
February 27th will go down in history as an important date in GMO history. In addition to Chipotle's announcement, a federal court dismissed a motion filed by food industry trade groups to prevent the state of Vermont from implementing Act 120 which mandates GMO labeling on all foods beginning in July 2016. According to a report in National Geographic, food industry groups have spent more than $100 million to fund anti-labeling campaigns, no doubt an amount that will rise even higher as they ponder options from this ruling.
One of the key objections from the industry is that labeling GMO foods will incur significant costs. Chipotle has gone out of its way to say that there will be no price increases as a result of this change.
Some readers of this column may remember Sy Syms, of New York clothing store fame, who coined the slogan “an educated consumer is our best customer” – a lesson we should take heed from as we move into a new era of food: transparency, sustainability, health with science to support the findings for each.
The NPD Group just this morning released their survey that found “over half of U.S. consumers express some level of concern about genetically-modified organisms (GMOs), but when asked to describe GMOs, many consumers are unclear”. Jimmy Kimmel was right!
Chipotle's move will no doubt attract new customers to the chain's restaurants and most likely bring in an entirely new customer base, not for the food, but because they align with the chain's ethical positions. Some will like the food and come back for more.
Nippon Ichi Software has released the teaser trailer, screenshots, and details for Criminal Girls 2, its recently announced PS Vita sequel to Criminal Girls: Invite Only, due out on November 26 for 5,980 yen in Japan.
Get the teaser and details below.
■ Story
Those who die young but were expected to commit a crime in the future are not called sinners, but rather “semi-sinners.”
To give those semi-sinners a chance at rebirth, a rehabilitation program was created called “Resurrection.”
Under the guidance of an adviser, semi-sinners set out to ascend the tower where numerous trials await them.
The hero leads these seven female semi-sinners.
But these girls and their individual personalities are difficult to deal with.
Furthermore, the adviser affiliated with the tower appears before the hero and tells the girls…
“According to our records, there are 6 Resurrection candidates this time. And yet…..
“I wonder why there are seven?”
Of the seven girls, one of them is a real sinner.
As is expected, the fate of the girls' Resurrection is in your hands.
■ Keywords
Tower of Hell – Somewhere in hell, there is a tower that rises to the skies. It is here where “semi-sinners” enter the “Resurrection” rehabilitation program.
– Somewhere in hell, there is a tower that rises to the skies. It is here where “semi-sinners” enter the “Resurrection” rehabilitation program. Semi-Sinners – People expected to commit a sin in the future, but lose their lives and fall to hell.
– People expected to commit a sin in the future, but lose their lives and fall to hell. “Resurrection” Rehabilitation Program – In order to rehabilitate semi-sinners, this program has been implemented in the Tower of Hell. Sins are made up for by overcoming various trials, making it possible to be resurrected in the transient world.
■ Characters
Shinoa (voiced by Kana Akutsu)
An honors student who is always smiling and worries about her surroundings. She's reliable and always follows the protagonist.
Riri (voiced by Mitsuki Nakae)
A strong-willed and prideful young girl of high class. She's impulsive, and when it comes to things don't convince her, she'll immediately dismiss it.
Kuroe (voiced by Ai Kakuma)
A shy girl who is not good at socializing. She uses ventriloquism with stuffed toys to make conversation.
Mizuki (voiced by Ayumi Tsuji)
A healthy girl of good merit. She's the mood maker of the group, but can be clumsy at times.
Sui (voiced by Hiromi Igarashi)
A girl with a sharp tongue and and intellectual way of speaking. She'll analyze a situation calmly, but because she doesn't mince words, tends to begin arguments.
Yurine (voiced by Sakura Nakamura)
A quiet and soothing girl who is always smiling. She has an optimistic personality and does things at her own pace.
Tsukasa (voiced by Seiko Yoshida)
A freewheeling young girl who's a fan of sexual harassment and tends to bother the protagonist.
■ Goal of the Game
The purpose of the game is to rehabilitate the “semi-sinner” girls and revive them in the transient world. With that in mind, you'll aim to reach the Tower of Hell's top floor.
Along the way, however, you may need to “Punish” them as their adviser.
■ First-Print Limited Edition
A 7,980 yen first-print limited edition of the game will include:
Special-made box illustrated by character designer Airi Hori
40-page Visual art book
Original soundtrack featuring the theme song sung by the game's seven heroines, as well as background music
Reversible eye mask with Shinoa's scent — and her bottom on the other side
■ First-Print Bonus
First-print copies of the game will include a product code for an add-on to enjoy the punishment feature in a different from usual situation.
■ Nippon1.jp Shop Limited Edition
The 9,980 yen Nippon1.jp Shop limited edition includes a real, 30cm long spanking “Punishment Item” in addition to the contents of the regular limited edition and the first-print bonus. Pre-orders include a custom clear file.
The news media's portrayal of the leading presidential candidates has been overwhelmingly negative during the 2012 campaign, with President Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney coming in for about equal numbers of unflattering reports about their character, an extensive new study concludes.
The Pew Research Center's Project for Excellence in Journalism says campaign coverage has rivaled that of 2004 in its negativity. The center began tracking media “narratives” about the candidates in 2000.
The Washington-based organization said negative media reports about the candidates have been almost balanced in this race. About 71 percent of the reports about Romney's traits and experiences have been negative, while 72 percent of those about Obama have been negative.
The center based its conclusions on a survey of 1,772 assertions made about the candidates in 50 newspapers, TV and radio programs and Web sites over a 10-week period beginning in May. The analysis excluded media reports about the candidates' strategies, their standing in the polls or their policies.
That finding might surprise critics who have insisted that the media have favored Obama during the campaign. A recent poll by the Rasmussen organization found that 59 percent of likely voters say Obama has received better treatment in the media, compared with 18 percent who say that about Romney.
The Pew center, however, did not seek to document media bias; instead, it counted the number of positive and negative statements made about the candidates' record and character.
The study found, for example, that the dominant narrative about Obama involved assessments of his economic record — primarily, statements that he has not done enough to help the economy. For Romney, the dominant themes were about his wealth and business experience — primarily, that they have put him out of touch with voters.
To a large extent, those media narratives reflect the candidates' attacks on each other through their campaign statements, as well as the negative ads by the campaigns and their allies, said Tom Rosenstiel, executive director of the Project for Excellence in Journalism.
The study found that an increasing percentage of the negative comments and observations in the media came from partisan sources quoted by journalists rather than from journalists themselves.
“Journalists to an increasing degree are ceding control of what the public learns in elections to partisan voices,” the study concludes. “Less of what we are hearing is coming from the press as an independent intermediary, filtering or assessing political rhetoric. And to that degree, the press is acting more as an enabler or conduit and less than an autonomous reportorial source.”
Rosenstiel said that finding might reflect several trends: the campaigns' nearly instantaneous ability to respond to attacks; the highly polarized nature of the campaign; and shrinking resources among media organizations, which he said have emphasized breaking news over in-depth analysis.
Of the four presidential campaigns that the project has studied, the 2012 race is similar to 2004 in terms of being the most negative. In 2004, 75 percent of the media narratives about the Democratic challenger, Sen. John F. Kerry (Mass.), were negative, compared with 70 percent for President George W. Bush, according to the organization.
The project also noted that the negative tone of the 2012 coverage correlates with — the center declined to say “caused” — negative public attitudes toward the candidates, with both nominees viewed less favorably in public opinion polls than any major-party candidate since 1992.
RELATED:
In aggressive ads, media are sources of convenience
The rosters for the NBA's Rising Stars Challenge have been released. The game, which takes place on the Friday of All-Star Weekend and will be played in Toronto's Air Canada Centre, features the NBA's top rookies and sophomores. One team features players born in the United States, while the other includes players born in the rest of the world.
Last year's No. 1 pick and current Rookie of the Year favorite Karl-Anthony Towns headlines the U.S. team. Towns are averaging 16.1 points, 9.7 rebounds and 1.8 blocks for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Fellow rookies Jahlil Okafor and D'Angelo Russell will join him, along with sophomores such as Milwaukee Bucks forward Jabari Parker, Philadelphia 76ers center Nerlens Noel and Timberwolves guard Zach LaVine, the reigning Slam Dunk champion.
New York Knicks rookie big man Kristaps Porzingis will headline the World squad. Porzingis is averaging 14 points, 7.8 rebounds and two blocks per game for the resurgent Knicks. Sophomore Timberwolves wing Andrew Wiggins and Denver Nuggets rookie Emmanuel Mudiay are the other World headliners.
Several American youngsters were snubbed from the game on account of the format, including Miami Heat forward Justise Winslow, Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker and Los Angeles Lakers big man Julius Randle. Cult hero Boban Marjanovic of the San Antonio Spurs also missed the cut.
Here are the teams:
USA TEAM
Jordan Clarkson, G, Lakers
Rodney Hood, G, Jazz
Zach LaVine, G, Timberwolves
Nerlens Noel, F, 76ers
Jahlil Okafor, C, 76ers
Jabari Parker, F, Bucks
Elfrid Payton, G, Magic
D'Angelo Russell, G, Lakers
Marcus Smart, G, Celtics
Karl-Anthony Towns, C, Timberwolves
WORLD TEAM
Bojan Bogdanovic, F, Nets
Clint Capela, C, Rockets
Mario Hezonja, G, Magic
Nikola Jokic, C, Nuggets
Nikola Mirotic, F, Bulls
Emmanuel Mudiay, G, Nuggets
Raul Neto, G, Jazz
Kristaps Porzingis, F, Knicks
Dwight Powell, F, Mavericks
Andrew Wiggins, G, Timberwolves
“But there was a point where we had to keep going… We just said, we can't stop now.”
Plus, if they didn't finish the work, the Trillium Foundation could ask for their grant money back.
“If we're going to call ourselves a theatre, even if it's only six days a year, we have to conform to the same standards that, say Mirvish Theatre in Toronto, does,” Goeree said.
“It doesn't matter if it's fair or not, it's the way it is. In the end, you just have to cope with what challenges they put in front of you.”
The renovations also had to be done keeping in mind that other groups use the arena for other events. “Everything we put in had to be removable,” Goeree said.
Meeting the fire codes also includes new ongoing costs: TCP expects to pay around $4,000 or $5,000 before each year's show for new mandatory inspections by the Fire Marshal, the Electrical Safety Authority, and more to ensure that the Trinity Theatre set-up meets code.
TCP sent out emails earlier this month asking for donations to “help us recover from this shortfall, and to ensure that we can produce community theatre at its very best.”
After a two-year hiatus, Goeree was worried about bringing back the army of volunteers needed to stage a big musical again. People are coming back, he said, but more bodies are needed as preparations for “Mary Poppins” in the coming spring pick up steam.
The coming show isn't at risk of being a low-budget production because of these construction costs, Goeree said, but TCP's reserves are gone. They've spent their savings, leaving the group in a very tight, potentially risky position. It could take TCP six or seven years of successful shows to make up the $25,000 they've spent on the arena.
“The goal of this fundraising program is to get us back on firm financial ground,” Goeree said.
Mary Poppins was specifically chosen to help draw families and kids back to TCP. “That's who we are,” Goeree said. The smaller shows staged while waiting for these renovations to end were fine, but are not TCP's true calling, he said.
“I think people should give because they believe in the value of community theatre,” he said. “And I think they should also give because they have confidence in our ability to run a business that is self-sustainable. We have always been self-sustainable, except when we have had to renovate someone else's building.”
Donations can be made online at thecommunityplayers.com, or by mailing a cheque to The Community Players, P.O. box 6154, New Hamburg, Ontario, N3A 2K6. TCP can give tax receipts for donations over $10.
Comedian Louis C.K. in 2009 | Photograph by Barry Brecheisen / Getty Images
In either ninth or tenth grade, my friend Dan and I found a book of “Truly Tasteless Jokes” on the cafeteria floor. Our teenage psyches were quickly mesmerized, and we spent the majority of lunch reading it cover to cover. I laughed at one dead baby joke in particular (which I can't repeat here). It involved a blender.
To see if I was a psychopath for taking delight in dead babies, I asked the cartoons editor for the New Yorker, Bob Mankoff, for his opinion. He's had plenty of time to ruminate on what makes a good joke, and he assured me that I was not a psychopath. Louis C.K., he points out, often gets giggles from depraved thoughts. He has a joke where he asks the audience to consider the love child molesters must have for molesting children, given the punishment if caught. “It asks us to consider what is in the mind of a child molester,” says Mankoff. “He's asking us to understand the things that drive them.” Watching the clip, you can almost feel the audience's guilt as they laugh.
Dark jokes often force listeners to consider new perspectives. By doing that, Mankoff says, offensive jokes could be like trial runs for true adversity. He likens their psychological affront to a challenge to the cellular immune system: Experiencing small doses of negative emotions, elicited by an offensive joke, may make us more resilient to future, more serious set backs. And may even help us realize we were perhaps mistaken to be offended in the first place. Of course, he says, “you should only tell them if they're really good.”
Dark humor is sort of oxymoronic that way. Child molestation, deadly car crashes, and genocide are among the most awful parts of the human experience. Yet we laugh at pointed jokes about wicked Catholic priests and Princess Di(e), and use hashtags like #Lolocaust when something is so funny a mere “lol” wouldn't do. Why?
Peter McGraw, a behavioral scientist at the University of Colorado, Boulder, has been trying to answer this question, among others, since 2008. In that time, he's developed what he calls the “benign violation” theory. “Most of the time we don't think tragedies are funny. It's only in a very rare circumstance that they actually are amusing,” says McGraw. “There has to be something there that makes this situation ok, acceptable, safe, benign.” That something, he says, is psychological distance.
Survey respondents reported that stubbing a toe was more likely to be humorous if it happened yesterday than 5 years ago, whereas the opposite was true for getting hit by a car.
Time is one of form of distance. “Too soon!” for instance, is a common refrain in response to jokes made immediately on the heels of tragedy. But according to the benign violation theory, time isn't the only one. Physical distance, hypotheticality, and social distance can also remove us far enough from a threat to render it humorous. Satire, for instance, places the obvious wrong in a kosher guise (like when Jonathan Swift argued in A Modest Proposal that the Irish poor should, to ease their financial woes, sell their children as food for the higher classes).
While it might seem obvious that being further from a tragedy would increase the odds that it seems funny, McGraw's research has suggested that too much psychological distance can blunt a joke's hilarity. Take Hurricane Sandy, for example. In 2012, as the storm approached, someone decided to make the hurricane a Twitter account, and tweet as if he or she were Sandy. Before, during, and after Sandy pummeled the United States, McGraw and his team asked people to rate the funniness of Sandy's tweets.
Peter McGraw
When Hurricane Sandy was still over the ocean—a hypothetical threat—humor ratings were high. However, once things got real—with first-hand accounts of suffering and damage—the tweets lost some of their hilarity. The psychological distance was too small. But then, as time passed, humor ratings rose, reaching a peak 36 days after the storm before dropping off again, as the hurricane's memory faded and became not-threatening-enough.
McGraw says the results lend credence to the benign violation theory: When enough time elapsed to soften the hurricane's menace, but not so much that it lost its edge entirely, the tweets became funnier. In previous studies, McGraw and his colleagues have shown that the amount of psychological distance required to make a threat funny varies, quite intuitively, with the threat's severity—the severer the threat, the more psychological distance you need to laugh. Survey respondents reported, for instance, that stubbing a toe was more likely to be humorous if it happened yesterday than 5 years ago, whereas the opposite was true for getting hit by a car.
When Dan and I found the joke book in our high school cafeteria, I had only just acquired the requisite physiology to procreate; and due to my limited (nonexistent) opportunity to engage in the child-forming ritual, a baby was still so far over the horizon that it seemed like it could safely be called “never.” Psychological distance from babies, in other words, was at a maximum.
But then one night two summers ago, I logged into Facebook to discover that two of my friends had just watched their son die a few hours after birth. In that moment, dead babies rocketed across psychological space from some infinitely distant locale and into my bedroom. I have not found dead baby jokes to be terribly funny ever since.
David Shultz is a freelance journalist covering biology and science of all sorts. Follow him on Twitter @dshultz14.
Dramatic ZvT wraps up WCS Korea day two
Featuring the matches of two GSL champions, the second day of WCS Korea Ro32 delivered a serious dose of escalating excitement that culminated at the 70-minute long ZvT between Soulkey and Gumiho.
WCS Korea Ro32 Day 2 results
Polt 2-1 Mvp
Tails 2-1 Happy
Seed 2-0 Coca
Gumiho 2-0 Soulkey
August 8th
Creator vs DongRaeGu
EffOrt vs Liquid'HerO
herO[jOin] vs Puzzle
YuGiOh vs Reality
August 9th
dreamertt vs Genius
Squirtle vs BBoongBBoong
RorO vs Hack
Leenock vs MC
WCS KOREA NATIONALS
The day began with two GSL stars: the winner of many Code S titlesand GSL Super Tournament champion. The two engaged in Banshee wars in the opening game on Entombed Valley and fired at each other's workers for a while until Polt hit a juicy +1/stim/siege tank timing that caught Mvp before his own siege was done and marked the end of the first set. IM's ace sprung back on Ohana after keeping ahead in the marine/tank mirror in both upgrades and bases but he could not bring this momentum to a victory. On Cloud Kingdom, MVP's mech was swiftly put under contain and after he could not efficiently break the wall of marines and marauders, IM's terran took the elevator down to the loser's bracket.After the proper and long TvT, WCS Korea welcomed the blitzkrieg PvT betweenrich on proxy rax, disastrous immortal timings and even more disastrous SCV all-ins, the latter awarding the protoss player a 2-1 victory over Happy.Reigning Code S championeasily advanced to the Ro16 of the Winners Bracket after a 2-0 against. Seed broke the zerg in game one with a +2 timing attack and pulled off the perfect archon vortex in the second to solidify his status quo as the highest tier protoss.In the final "you-should-pay-$10-just-for-this" series, Woongjin'sof FXO, the zerg being given the chance to avenge his KeSPA brothers who were. Despite being acknowledged as one of the best KeSPA players in transition, however, Soulkey was entering this series the underdong, with Gumiho fresh out of his GSTL all-kill of SlayerS not two weeks ago.In an impossible to recap in a few words game one on Ohana, Soulkey and Gumiho orchestrated a jaw-dropping ZvT concerto that spanned more than 40 minutes. Nukes and drops eventually put Soulkey into a state of no mining but despite having, the KeSPA zerg stayed alive for more than ten minutes straight and almost pressured Gumiho into a loss with his perfect brood lord/ultra/infestor/corruptor army mix. A money EMP landed to become Gumiho's savior, emptying the energy of every infestor, allowing for the vikings to clear the zerg threat.Game two was just as epic as Gumiho's multi-pronged nuking eventually left Soulkey with less that 10 workers - a scenario the terran effortlessly brought to a 2-0 victory.Today's results mean that the LB Round 1 will welcome two mirror matches in Coca vs Soulkey and MVP vs Happy. Tomorrow, WCS Korea resumes with another four glamorous face-offs, featuring Effort, DongRaeGu, Hero[join], Liquid`Hero and Reaility in the heaviest on GSL vs KeSPA matches playday!
In this picture taken Sept. 5 2017, a fish carcass lies on the baked, cracked earth that surrounds a slither of water of the Pego do Altar reservoir by the village of Santa Susana, southern Portugal. A drought is tightening its grip on wide areas of Portugal. More than 80 percent of the country is officially classified as enduring "severe" or "extreme" drought conditions that are among the worst in more than 20 years. (AP Photo/Armando Franca)
SANTA SUSANA, Portugal (AP) — Portugal's Pego do Altar reservoir looks like disused quarry now, its bare, exposed slopes rising up steeply on each side and shimmering in the sun as it holds barely 11 percent of the water it was designed for.
The huge lake where people used to swim, boat and fish has shrunk to a slither of water, surrounded by baked, cracked earth and a handful of white fish carcasses. It is a desolate and disturbing sight — and one that has become increasingly common in southern Portugal.
While parts of the United States and the Caribbean are drowning in water amid ferocious hurricanes, a drought is tightening its grip on wide areas of Portugal. More than 80 percent of the country is officially classified as enduring “severe” or “extreme” drought — conditions among the country's worst in more than 20 years.
Water has sporadically been scarce in this part of southern Europe for centuries. But Portuguese Environment Secretary Carlos Martins tells The Associated Press that “it has gotten worse with climate change.”
The prolonged dry spell is most acute in the Alentejo region, south and east of Lisbon, the capital. Here, the essential river is the Sado, Portugal's seventh-largest. As its flow has dwindled, so the reservoirs in the river basin, such as Pego do Altar, are drying up. In some places now, the Sado is a thin, knee-deep flow.
The receding water at Pego do Altar has exposed a small, 18th-century stone bridge which was last seen in 1999. Locals have been coming to take photos of themselves next to it.
The dead fish in Pego do Altar's dried mud are the canary in the mine for authorities. Large numbers of fish dying due to depleted oxygen levels would contaminate the area's public drinking water, so a program to scoop out the doomed fish from four Sado basin reservoirs is now underway. It's a race against the clock.
“It's a preventive measure,” says Carlos Silva, a spokesman for EDIA, a state company that helps manage the Alentejo's water supply. “It would be a catastrophe if the fish started dying off” in large quantities.
As gray herons watch from the bank and birds of prey glide silently by, fishermen Tomaz Silva, 25, and Miguel Farias, 29, nudge their boat toward silver nets buoyed by empty plastic water bottles that they had strung across the reservoir the previous day. Chatting in a strong Alentejo accent, they throw the fish into a box where they flap around. Some weigh 5 or 6 kilograms (up to 13 pounds) and are as long as an adult's arm. Many, however, are skinny due to the fierce competition for diminishing food.
With the water level so low, it's a bit like shooting fish in a barrel.
Silva and Farias catch on average between 1 and 1.5 metric tons a day. Their haul is taken away to be turned into fishmeal. Over about six weeks, officials expect to harvest more than 100 metric tons from the four Sado reservoirs.
Martins, the environment secretary, said a government drought monitoring committee is working to reconcile the conflicting demands placed on the region's scarce water resources. Making sure there's enough water for drinking faucets is the top priority, he says.
That could end up bringing a ban on the irrigation of farmland, which uses up 80 percent of the region's available water. Farmers are fretting over their parched pasture land and wilting cereal crops. Cattle breeders are demanding drinking water for their livestock. And energy companies want water to flow to keep up their hydroelectric production at dams.
The Alentejo is a famously pretty part of Portugal, with groves of olive trees, stone pines and cork oaks — native varieties resilient enough to survive its weather extremes. But it's also one of the European Union's poorest regions — sparsely populated, covering 34 percent of the country but containing only 7 percent of its population. Almost half of its residents are more than 65 years old.
Many people here make a living from farming, and cutting off irrigation would sound the death knell for their jobs.
At Torrao, a 15th-century hilltop village with a panoramic view of the Sado basin's Vale do Gaio reservoir, locals live with daily evidence of the drought.
Antonio Sardinha, an 82-year-old subsistence farmer with thick fingers and a sun-kissed complexion, says he has never seen the reservoir so low. Official records say it's at 18 percent of capacity.
The water in his well is so shallow, he says, that his bucket hits the bottom.
“Water is the key to everything,” Sardinha said. “You need water to create everything else.”
Tens of thousands filled the square as the echoes of the speaker at the podium boomed through huge speakers. Some came in anger, others in grief, but all agreed: It was time for a change. Many carried banners, others carried drums; some had taken their children out of school to attend. No, this wasn't Tahrir Square; it was Tokyo, Japan, on a chilly Monday last fall.
Tens of thousands filled the square as the echoes of the speaker at the podium boomed through huge speakers. Some came in anger, others in grief, but all agreed: It was time for a change. Many carried banners, others carried drums; some had taken their children out of school to attend. No, this wasn't Tahrir Square; it was Tokyo, Japan, on a chilly Monday last fall. Ever since the devastating earthquake and tsunami that crippled the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station, Japanese civil society has become less, well, polite. The compounded disaster has energized segments of Japanese civil society — long seen by observers as more advanced than their counterparts in other developed nations — to be more proactive, innovative, vocal, and even contentious about everything from personal safety to nuclear power. These changes in civil society can be seen in four main areas: mass protests, local and national referenda and petitions, renaissance of citizen science, and public uproar instead of rituals of assent.
Protests. Until recently, Japan's large-scale protests were mostly in the past; activists speak nostalgically of the huge rallies against the US-Japan Security Treaty in the 1960s. And back in the mid-1990s, large numbers of residents marched in protest of the rape of an Okinawan schoolgirl at the hands of US marines. But over the last year, civil dissent has become a routine feature of Japanese society. Mass, modern-day, anti-nuclear protests have been held countrywide, including large-scale rallies, such as the two-day Nuclear Free World conference that was held in Yokohama in mid-January, which drew more than 12,000 participants, and the semi-regular Tokyo rallies, which draw upward of 40,000 participants, with organizers calling for continued direct action. Protests have also included smaller-scale events, such as the activists who, in the fall of 2011, set up and occupied tents on the properties of the civil servants who regulate and promote nuclear power in Tokyo's Kasumigaseki district; they have remained ever since despite threats of eviction. Anti-nuclear groups — including the Citizens' Nuclear Information Center, Green Action, Nuclear Power Sayonara Network, and the National Network of Parents to Protect Children from Radiation — meanwhile are working to mobilize citizens against nuclear power through formal and informal civic engagement.
Referenda and petitions. More than five million citizens have signed a new petition against nuclear power in Japan, asking the government to shut down all atomic plants permanently. An Osaka-based group has filed for a referendum on nuclear power after collecting the requisite signatures — more than 2 percent of voters in the city. Along with the Osaka citizens' group, other groups and organizations in Tokyo and in Shizuoka are seeking the approval of local assemblies to hold nuclear referenda. Citizens' referenda have no binding legal power in Japan, but past referenda on nuclear power have still had a lasting effect. In Maki village in the mid-1990s, for example, a referendum resulted in strong anti-nuclear messaging and wins for those who sought to end siting processes in their communities. Along with local-level referenda on nuclear power, some groups and activists have pushed for an advisory-style national referendum on nuclear power based on a similar process held in Sweden in the 1980s. Such a national referendum would be a first, and it could push the government to consider new ways in which citizens can be more fully integrated into decision-making procedures on nuclear power.
Citizen science. Many observers noticed that the radiation data following the accident at Fukushima were released slowly and with little explanation of the consequences. Others took the complaint further, claiming that the government and public utilities deliberately sought to reduce public alarm by withholding critical information. Deciding to take matters into their own hands, a wide swath of citizens across Japan joined together for a creative-commons-based project known as SafeCast. SafeCast encourages citizens to use their own radiation-measuring devices to measure levels of radioactivity and post that data directly to the forum. Personal-radiation devices, like do-it-yourself Geiger counters, can be created with modified smart phones and personal computers along with standard, off-the-shelf radiation detectors. This crowd-sourcing on Japan's radiation levels has resulted in more than one million pieces of data published in an open forum that provides a dynamic map of radiation levels throughout the country. This form of democratization of data collection and analysis provides a new channel for citizens to move beyond the opaque nuclear industry institutions of the past.
Dissent. While many scholars have argued that citizens in Japan privatize protest or seek to avoid direct conflict with authorities, the vast disaster at Fukushima has brought out open backlash against bureaucrats in very public forums. Many citizens feel that the government has failed to demonstrate sufficient flexibility, openness, and transparency in its response to public concerns. Residents in Fukushima and elsewhere have vocally expressed their outrage with authorities at heated public exchanges and town-hall-style meetings — events which are often taped by citizens and then posted to YouTube. Hugh Gusterson, in his book People of the Bomb: Portraits of America's Nuclear Complex, deemed interactions in which scientists and other authorities go through the motions of public forums, but leave little room for questioning from citizens on scientific and technical matters, “rituals of assent.” Given that past meetings between Japanese state representatives and civil society on issues of nuclear power often resembled rituals of assent as a matter of course, this public outcry is a sea change in Japan's style of interaction.
These four new methods of state-civil society interaction in Japan illuminate not only an anger about the way that government and private-sector authorities have handled the 3/11 disaster, but also shed light on a broader dissatisfaction with a continued exclusion of civil society from the policy arena over the past decades. Through mass protests, petitions, citizen science, and direct — and often uncomfortable — confrontation with the state, Japanese citizens are pushing for a new, more vocal role in policy making. With Japan sitting at the crossroads of energy policy and struggling with the issue of restarting its fleet of nuclear power plants, the voices of citizens who bear the externalities of national energy policy are all the more critical.
The Missouri Western administration introduced the new head football coach for the Griffons Tuesday morning in the Griffon Indoor Sports Complex. Matt Williamson became the sixth head coach in the history of the program.
Athletics Director Kurt McGuffin only interviewed one assistant coach in his search to replace Jerry Partridge. That one assistant was the man he hired to take over as the head football coach.
McGuffin spent five hours with Williamson at 54th Street in Kansas City, and that is where McGuffin said he knew he had found his guy.
“He was not afraid to open up about his experiences with Missouri Western,” McGuffin said. “And right there I think I was sold, not just because I knew he could coach football, but I knew about his passion for the black and gold.”
Williamson most recently spent three seasons at Stephen F. Austin as the defensive coordinator. When Williamson took over as defensive coordinator, the Lumberjacks were allowing almost 50 points per game in the Southland Conference. SFA finished the 2016 season allowing just 28 points per game and 120 fewer yards per game than they did in 2013.
The Lumberjacks finished dead last in total defense, but Williamson is confident in his coaching abilities and that fans should also have confidence in their new coach.
“I took over the program, and it was the worst defense in the FCS, giving up like 52 points per game,” Williamson said. “With that said, I have had a lot of success, and I wouldn't have any worries about that all.”
Williamson was also the defensive coordinator at Central Arkansas. In his three seasons at Central Arkansas, the defense led the conference in scoring defense and was no. 1 in total defense in 2009.
Before he started his venture in the Southland Conference, Williamson spent seven seasons coaching here at Missouri Western.
“One of the toughest decisions I ever had to make was when I had to tell the players and coaches here that I was leaving,” Williamson said.
As defensive coordinator in 2005, the Griffons' defense allowed just 19.5 points per game. He will take over a defense that allowed 29.5 points per game this past season.
Before coaching, Williamson was a three-time All-MIAA noseguard here at Missouri Western State University and a second team All-American in 1996.
The first line of business for the new head coach will be choosing his coaching staff.
“I have to get a staff, and I have a bunch of the names, but I have to sit with Kurt and talk about a few things,” Williamson said. “There a bunch of good coaches here.”
The new head coach also said that the biggest task for him in the coming days will be recruiting — once his staff is filled.
Williamson will bring a new energy to the football program and believes that his energy and passion are his strongest attributes.
“One of my great tools is leadership and motivation, and working with three different successful head coaches and taking a little bit from them and then using my passion and ideas are going to be tremendous,” Williamson said.
Williamson will have plenty of talent and leadership coming back for the 2017 season. Offensively, they will return all-conference running back Josh Caldwell and, hopefully, a healthy Skylar Windmiller. The new head coach does plan on making a few changes offensively.
“We're going to be tempo-oriented on offense,” Williamson said. “Sometimes we'll go fast and sometimes we'll go slow.”
The opportunity to come home to Missouri Western was a dream come true for the St. Louis native. He spoke in the press conference about keeping track of his alma mater weekly and that in his heart he never really left here.
“This was the easiest decision I've ever made in my life,” Williamson said. “It was a slam dunk.”
James Cameron's "Avatar" had a $41.3 million weekend to shoot past "Star Wars" as the No. 3 movie on the all-time domestic box office charts. Next stop, "The Dark Knight."
No. 1 for the fifth-straight weekend, Cameron's sci-fi saga raised its domestic total to $491.8 million and should top $500 million after revenues are counted on Martin Luther King Day, according to studio estimates Sunday.
Worldwide, 20th Century Fox's "Avatar" lifted its total to $1.6 billion, second only to Cameron's last movie, 1997's "Titanic," at $1.8 billion.
"One guy makes two movies in 10 years, and they're by far the biggest movies of all time. That's remarkable," said Chris Aronson, head of distribution for the studio.
"Avatar" topped the original "Star Wars," which took in $460.9 million domestically in its original run and several reissues over the years. But factoring in today's higher admission prices, "Star Wars" remains well ahead of "Avatar" on actual number of tickets sold.
"Avatar" now is closing in on "The Dark Knight," No. 2 domestically with $533.3 million. After that, only Cameron's "Titanic" at $600 million will remain ahead of "Avatar" domestically.
"We'll be proud of our No. 3 slot," said Dan Fellman, head of distribution for Warner Bros., which released "The Dark Knight" and has hopes for more in the Batman franchise from its director, Christopher Nolan. "I can just give Chris Nolan a nudge that he's got to raise the bar."
Warner, which has Nolan's sci-fi tale "Inception" with Leonardo DiCaprio opening this July, had a strong No. 2 debut of $31.6 million for its action thriller "The Book of Eli." The movie stars Denzel Washington as a post-apocalypse prophet carrying the last known Bible to safe haven across a decimated America.
Expanding nationwide after a month in limited release, Paramount's drama "The Lovely Bones" came in at No. 3 with $17.1 million. Directed by "The Lord of the Rings" creator Peter Jackson, "The Lovely Bones" features Saoirse Ronan, Mark Wahlberg, Rachel Weisz and Stanley Tucci in the story of a murdered teen looking back on the world from the afterlife.
Lionsgate's family action tale "The Spy Next Door" debuted at No. 6 with $9.7 million. It stars Jackie Chan as a newly retired agent forced back into the spy game when bad guys come after him and his girlfriend's kids.
Like "Titanic," which dominated the Academy Awards 12 years ago, "Avatar" is expected to remain aloft in the box office charts as Oscar season progresses. "Avatar" was up for best drama at Sunday's Golden Globes and is considered a likely best-picture nominee when Oscar nominations come out Feb. 2.
"It's kind of the cherry on top of the cake for this movie to not only be a massive box office hit, but to get all this awards attention," said Paul Dergarabedian, box office analyst for Hollywood.com. "It's hard sometimes to get a 50- or 60-year-old out of their chair to go see a science-fiction movie in 3-D. But if `Avatar' gets enough recognition from the critics, they may just do it."
Fox executive Aronson would not say if the studio expects "Avatar" to pass either the $600 million domestic total for "Titanic" or its $1.8 billion worldwide total. Some box office watchers say "Avatar" could climb as high $2 billion, though.
"`Titanic' was a ship. Batman had a motorcycle. `Avatar's' a rocket ship," Aronson said. "Is there a lot of fuel left in the tank? You bet."
Even if "Avatar" sets a new revenue record, it's doubtful it would sell as many tickets as "Titanic" did because of today's higher admission prices.
"Titanic" sold about 130 million tickets domestically based on average ticket prices of about $4.60 back in 1997 and 1998. Based on today's average domestic price of about $7.50, "Avatar" would be at around half that mark.
Average admission prices for "Avatar" likely run even higher, given that much of its business comes from a 3-D version, which costs a few dollars extra to see.
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters, according to Hollywood.com. Final figures will be released Tuesday.
1. "Avatar," $41.3 million.
2. "The Book of Eli," $31.6 million.
3. "The Lovely Bones," $17.1 million.
4. "Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel," $11.5 million.
5. "Sherlock Holmes," $9.8 million.
6. "The Spy Next Door," $9.7 million.
7. "It's Complicated," $7.7 million.
8. "Leap Year," $5.8 million.
9. "The Blind Side," $5.6 million.
10. "Up in the Air," $5.5 million.
Ben Affleck doesn't need us. He's got a directorial career of three strong movies from three outings. He has a movie star spouse. He has two Oscars, one for both his downstairs and upstairs toilet, and he gets to tell his kids that he's Batman without having to lie. Furthermore, it's scary to think how good the boxset of his directorial work is going to be in 30 years' time.
But the resurgence of the Affleck, culminating in his Best Picture winning movie Argo, and his casting as Batman in Batman Vs Superman, overlooks the fact that his CV is hardly short of really good films, really good choices, and some really good performances. Whilst most of the press he's endured this week has been people on the internet telling him he's spoiled a film that won't come out for two years, his body of work serves him better than he's often given credit for.
Now okay, we're not taking a bullet for Gigli here. Likewise, Bounce - whilst a little bit different in its concept - wasn't something we'd joyfully sit through again. But the films that we're about to talk about? Every one of them is worth your time. So let's count them down...
7. Smokin' Aces
There's no such thing as a bad Joe Carnahan movie, and Smokin' Aces - while not the man's best - is not an exception to that rule. It's all a bit bananas this one, as Carnahan - who wrote the script as well - throws a bunch of hitmen against each other and basically sees who win.
There's a fun cast here, too. Aside from Affleck himself, there's Ray Liotta, Ryan Reynolds, Jeremy Piven, Andy Garcia and Peter Berg on the call sheet (as well as a young Chris Pine). There's a reasonable amount of exposition you need to digest, and things are put into place early on that it really helps to pay attention to. Carnahan then puts his foot to the floor, unleashing a carnival of entertainment that rewards more than one viewing.
It'd be fair to acknowledge that Smokin' Aces is as divisive as any film on this list. Some lost it altogether, others just report they think it's all a bit of a mess. But there's a more convincing argument, for us anything, that the whole thing is damn good - if confusing - fun. Worth watching at least once, probably twice.
6. Jersey Girl
Let's deal with the one that the law seems to say you have to hate. Jersey Girl struggled at the box office, not aided by following Gigli on the Affleck slate. It's also Kevin Smith taking a slightly different path than he had been doing with his View Askew movies. And, for my money, it's a charming, sold piece of work, with plenty to like about it.
Affleck here plays Ollie, a man who's life has dealt him some unpleasant cards, who's left in custody of his young daughter. It's a dark character he plays here, as Ollie tries to put his life back together. The key moment is when he meets Liv Tyler's Maya, but to gel with her he's got to get over all that's gone before. And as Jersey Girl progresses, it's clear that's no easy task.
It's a bit bumpy in places this one, and inevitably its tone is a little uneven. But I'd argue that the latter is part of the point: this is far from a cut and dried romcom, and Affleck is a good choice to lead it. Appreciating some people didn't like it, you can't shake the sense that some reacted to the circumstances it was released in rather than the final film itself. Because if you pick it up and watch it on a quiet night in, Jersey Girl is a rewarding little movie.
5. Extract
Mike Judge's live action films have a habit of not finding the audience they deserve until several years after their original cinematic release. The most recent case in point: Extract. This one's set in an extraction plant owned and run by Jason Bateman's Joel. Joel's life isn't going too well though. He fears his wife is being unfaithful, and an accident at the plant leaves a worker injured. This in turn leaves the whole business potentially under threat.
Panic not, though, as this isn't a deep drama about a man falling into despair over it all. There's comedy ingrained throughout, and as with all of Judge's films, he's got some things to say bubbling away under the surface as well.
Where does Affleck fit it? He's got a cameo in this one as Joel's friend, Dean. He's the kind of friend that doesn't give particularly helpful life advice, and whilst he's not on screen for long, it's another wise choice from Affleck to take the role in the first place.
Extract isn't up to the level of Office Space and Idiocracy, but it's still a good, ambitious overlooked comedy. With added Affleckness.
4. Hollywoodland
If you're looking for the film that marked a turnaround in the press that Affleck was receiving in the early to mid-2000s, that this was the one. There was Oscar talk at one stage when Hollywoodland came out, for Affleck's supporting role as George Reeves, the man who played Superman on the small screen. The film itself is a look at the circumstances surrounding Reeves' death, and whilst the movie is not a factual recreation (lots of liberties are taken to help shape the story), Affleck captures Reeves really very well. It's unsurprising that there were awards chatter. Bob Hoskins and Diane Lane are excellent, too.
Hollywoodland's best filed under good but not great, if we're being picky. The period recreation and the interplay between the characters work a little better than the actual narrative itself. But it's still a really interesting project, that had to go through quite a legal journey just to get near the screen in the first place. Recommended, definitely.
3. Changing Lanes
Director Roger Michell went from the huge global hit Notting Hill to this challenging mix of drama and thriller, that throws Samuel L Jackson and Affleck together, almost literally, as the pair are involved in a car accident. Affleck here is the be-suited rich man, an attorney by the name of Gavin Banek, who's desperately racing against the clock to get to a crucial business appointment. Jackson plays an insurance salesman, who's also in a mad hurry, this time to get to court to try and stop his wife taking his children from him.
This sets the scene for a complication between the two characters, not least when one suddenly needs the other. But what makes the film interesting is that by turns it makes both men dislikeable in different ways. You'd expect a film of this ilk to paint the businessman as bad, the family man as good, but Changing Lanes finds both of them willing to show their darker side to the other.
It makes for a fascinating clash, one that tames by the very end, but is compelling, particularly in the second act. And do you know what? Affleck is really good here, holding his own against Jackson, with the pair of them together really helping the piece come to life.
2. Boiler Room
Ben Affleck works well in ensemble casts - just look at the excellent School Ties, which we've left off this list as a) he's not a big part of it and b) we've already talked about it recently on the site.
Boiler Room, then, sees him lining up alongside Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi and Tom Everett Scott. It's a mix of drama and thriller, framed through the eyes of Ribisi's 19-year old who is recruited by his friend to a brokerage firm.
Affleck is one of the co-founders of said firm, which promises riches and success to those who work for it. So it turns out, but soon the reasons for this begin to become apparent, and here Boiler Room switches from the camaraderie of ensemble drama into something darker and far less predictable.
It's surprising that Boiler Room didn't resonate more than it did, and in the light of financial meltdowns to come, there's an argument that it was a bit ahead of its time. Furthermore, its ending doesn't really do it too many favours.
That notwithstanding though, Boiler Room is really good, and once again demonstrated Affleck's eye for an interesting script. The screenplay in question came from the pen/posh computer keyboard of Ben Younger. He also directed the film, and would go on to make 2005's Prime. Boiler Room remains the one to dig out so far.
1. The Sum Of All Fears
It seems a little crass, given that we've focused on some interesting indie and smaller dramas thus far, to top the list with a big, successful blockbuster. But have you seen it? There's never, in our view, been a bad Jack Ryan film, and we'd bore you to death in a pub for hours on the majesty of Clear And Present Danger. But The Sum Of All Fears is a genuinely terrific thriller, with a solid performance from Affleck at the heart of it.
It arrived, though, just as Affleck's career was going through its rocky period. His personal life was making headlines, Gigli was happening, and for reasons other than the film and its eventual box office performance, Ben Affleck never got to be Jack Ryan again. And that's a pity.
As with all of the big screen Jack Ryan movies, The Sum Of All Fears is expertly cast. The gravitas role here is taken by Morgan Freeman, who mixes wit with weight. James Cromwell and Philip Baker Hall add further gravity. And, as we charted here, there's a brilliantly-distracting appearance from 'Allo 'Allo's Colonel, Richard Marner, as the President of the Russian Federation.
The star of the show here though is Phil Alden Robinson. He doesn't direct many films - he's made four in total. In The Mood, back in 1987, was the first. The all-time classic Field Of Dreams was the second. The fresh as a daisy techno caper thriller Sneakers, which we looked at in more depth here, was the third.
And then there was The Sum Of All Fears, which has moments in it that are staggeringly bold for a blockbuster movie. No spoilers here, save to say that just when you think you might have second-guessed the film, you really find that you haven't.
It's an excellent thriller, this, and Affleck is an important part of it. Certainly the upcoming next reboot, starring Chris Pine, is going to have to go some way to top it.
What we didn't include:
State Of Play (lots of praise for that one already), Daredevil: Director's Cut (we talked about that here), Jay And Silent Bob Strike Back (Good Will Hunting 2: Hunting Season!), 200 Cigarettes (which isn't bad), the big hits, the acclaimed Kevin Smith movies and Forces Of Nature (although we have a very slight soft spot for that one).
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
Good news/Bad news for HoloLens fans as analysts weigh in on the share price of Himax Technologies, Inc., supplier of augmented reality components, who's share price fell 19.1% in September following reduced orders from a major Augmented Reality client believed to be Microsoft.
The drop came after Nomura analyst Donnie Teng reduced his rating on Himax to “neutral” from “buy,” after his channel checks indicated weak shipments for the HoloLens.
Today Northland Capital Markets's Tom Sepenzis also weighed in, saying there was “little chance of a positive catalyst until the second half of CY17”, leading to a further fall of 3% in Himax's share price.
He noted:
We believe that the primary customer is rapidly reducing orders for LCOS and WLO components. This could result in approximately $60 million in LCOS/WLO revenue in CY16, down from an expected $90+ million, and have a significant impact in CY17. Originally pegged at $270 million in potential revenue in CY17, we now expect this customer to drop off almost completely in the first half of CY17 as it looks to refine its AR products. We were modeling $230 million in revenue for AR components in CY17, and we are reducing our estimate to approximately $35 million, back to R&D levels.
The good news in this good news/bad news combo is that Sepenzis expected Microsoft to develop a new version of HoloLens for sale in the second half of 2017.
While the change in estimates is rather profound in CY17, the primary reason involves the augmented reality business, an area where future sentiment swings wildly from quarter-to-quarter. We continue to believe that this market will eventually develop, and Himax is working with most of the major OEM's to deliver viable products, so we do expect it to be one of the primary winners once the dust settles. We are therefore not changing our rating or target price at this time. However, we believe the stock will not see any major catalysts until the second half of CY17 when the second major AR device is expected to be delivered.
Sepenzis believes the new device would be a “refined” version. It is not clear if the two biggest issues with the device, the cost and the field of view, will be addressed with the new product.
Besides Microsoft a number of other OEMs are expected to deliver augmented and virtual reality devices in the second half of 2017, also based on Microsoft's Windows Holographic platform, which should create a competitive environment which should help address both issues. According to PCMag Acer, Dell, HP, and Lenovo have all said they are committed to delivering augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) devices from 2017 onwards.
When an armed man walks into a bank branch and demands money from a teller, he's likely to go to jail if he's caught. Criminologist David Friedrichs maintains some bank executives are equally guilty of stealing when they get exorbitant pay packages.
"It's a form of robbery," says Professor Friedrichs, who teaches criminal law at Scranton University in Pennsylvania. It shouldn't be dismissed as "just greedy."
The financial crisis has generated a huge amount of anger around the nation at the mismanagement and excesses of some big bankers – and to a lesser extent at highly compensated corporate executives in other industries as well.
"People are really ticked off," says Sarah Anderson, long a proponent at the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington of legal measures aimed at restraining CEO pay levels. Asked lately to join some call-in radio talk shows dealing with the financial crisis, she notes: "It's unnerving how angry people are with the bankers."
It's unclear whether public displeasure is great enough for Congress to put a complete brake on executive pay beyond measures already imposed on the financial institutions bailed out by Uncle Sam.
But Sen. Carl Levin (D) of Michigan apparently is planning to reintroduce a 2007 bill that would end tax favors for a major form of executive compensation: stock options. And Rep. Barbara Lee (D) of California last month reintroduced a bill that would deny corporations the ability to deduct as a business expense any payment to an executive that exceeds 25 times the lowest paid worker's wage in the company. If that worker received the minimum wage, the deductible compensation for an executive would be $304,200. The company could pay him or her more, but not receive a tax break for the excess.
In 2007, CEOs of major corporations were paid on average 344 times the average worker's pay.
Ms. Anderson advocates that 25:1 ratio on tax deductibility apply to all corporations, including any company that seeks a government procurement contract or tax break. This would generate more than $5 billion in extra revenues for Washington.
One factor probably weighing against congressional action is the political efforts of the nation's companies and their wealthy executives. From 1998 to 2008, the financial sector alone spent at least $1.7 billion on campaign contributions and another $3.4 billion on lobbying, according to a study released last week by Essential Information, a nonprofit group founded by Ralph Nader.
"The righteous populist anger is competing against the awesome political-economic power of Wall Street," says lead author Robert Weissman.
To him, managers of hedge funds won the "most egregious" tax break – the ability to claim their income as capital gains and pay only 15 percent in federal taxes. Considering the high incomes many got before stock prices tanked, these managers would otherwise pay regular income-tax rates at least twice as high. "Completely irrational," says Mr. Weissman of the tax break.
Last year, New York Democratic Senator Charles Schumer, highly dependent on Wall Street for campaign contributions, did not support a measure closing the hedge-fund tax loophole. Yet, argues Anderson, it was "a no brainer."
To "rob" banks, as Friedrichs regards the CEO pay process, executives walk into a corporate boardroom and secure from the board's compensation committee unjustified compensation packages of millions, tens of millions, and sometimes hundreds of millions of dollars. This process, says Friedrichs, "pays much better" for CEOs than robbery does for the crook with a gun. These compensation committees, appointed by the CEOs, are composed of cronies, paid consultants, and even relatives, says the criminologist. By law, some corporate directors must be "independent."
But an academic study of 2008 looking at a small subset of these so-called independent directors who were formerly Wall Street stock analysts describes them as "cheerleaders." One author of the study, Lauren Cohen of the Harvard Business School, says they are "clearly not independent," not adding objectivity to their boards.
Another academic, Harvard Law School's Lucian Bebchuk, suspects public outrage makes the prospects of reform "better than they have been for a long time." His reform preference would be "rules and regulations that strengthen shareholder rights and make boards more accountable to shareholders."
It used to be that CEO pay was a drop in the bucket compared with the size of big companies – "just" 42 times the pay of ordinary workers in 1980. But Professor Bebchuk found that during the period 2001 to 2003 the earnings of the top five executives at a set of large firms amounted to nearly 10 percent of corporate earnings. That is significant to shareholders.
Anderson also takes a shot at the argument that CEOs are irreplaceable management geniuses, deserving fat bonuses.
"I can't believe," she says, there aren't talented people who have "a spirit of shared sacrifice" and seek long-term gains for their companies, rather than those "fixated on how many zeroes there are in their paychecks."
Blogs Why Fox Thinks That Skipping Commercials is Like Robbing a Bank September 20, 2012
In its case against DISH, Fox is arguing that all TV viewers who skip commercials are copyright infringers. Of course, it is not doing so directly, but it's the clear implication of its arguments. This post will explain how this is.
It's easier to explain legal concepts in terms that everyone is familiar with. Copyright infringement doesn't have much in common with bank robbery, but they're both illegal, and bank robbery is easier to explain. Here's how Fox argues that TV viewers are like bank robbers.
A person who robs a bank is obviously guilty of bank robbery. In copyright terms we would say this person is "directly" liable.
The person who drives the getaway car is not directly robbing the bank himself. But assisting in a bank robbery in this way is still illegal. In copyright terms we would say that this person is "secondarily" liable. In bank-robbery terms we would say this person is liable as an "accomplice." In copyright, the same penalties apply for secondary liability as apply for direct liability.
However, even though the getaway car itself is part of the crime, we would not say that Chevrolet is secondarily liable.
In the DISH case, Fox is saying that TV viewers are like bank robbers, since it argues that recording TV shows and playing them back without commercials is copyright infringement. Fox is not suing TV viewers, however--they simply need to establish that skipping commercials is copyright infringement, so they can go on to find DISH secondarily liable. (Of course, they are wrong: users have a fair use right to record programming and play it back however they want.)
After arguing that TV viewers are direct infringers--the bank robber in our analogy--Fox then argues that DISH is like the driver of a getaway car.
This part of their argument doesn't work, because DISH is more like a car manufacturer, like Chevrolet, and not like a getaway driver. Courts have consistently held that consumer electronics that involve making recordings, like VCRs, DVRs, and iPods, are just tools, and are legal.
But that's not what's important here. In its arguments Fox concedes that most recording equipment cannot give rise to secondary liability under the law today. It just wants to make an exception for DISH. But nothing about this affects Fox's basic argument that all viewers, using any equipment, who skip commercials are copyright infringers. They do not make this argument outright, but it's a clear implication--if recording shows and then skipping commercials is illegal then it's illegal whether your DVR says DISH or TiVo.
Fox's "concession" only has to do with whether you can find the equipment manufacturer liable, not with whether a TV viewer is a copyright infringer.
Copyright laws are passed by Congress. While Congress does not always structure copyright in the best interests of the public, there are limits. As the Supreme Court said in 1984 when it ruled that VCRs and the home recording of television shows are legal:
"One may search the Copyright Act in vain for any sign that the elected representatives of the millions of people who watch television every day have made it unlawful to copy a program for later viewing at home, or have enacted a flat prohibition against the sale of machines that make such copying possible."
Home recording is legal, but Fox wants to change that. We shouldn't let it.
Images: Flickr users smithco, jodimarr, cloudzilla; vimeo user Nick Cross.????????
If you have not read: #SL Mesh Deformer Debate Update now would be a good time.
We have an estimate for the cost of getting the computer code written for a Multiple Base Shape Deformer. We have some of the money pledges and only need to raise less than US$1,000. Our problem is convincing the Lindens it is needed and wanted.
There is some discussion ongoing in several places. But, check out SLUniverse where I wrote:
OZ is of the opinion that a single base shape will be good enough and that some improvements in the weighting of the avatar will suffice. Others of us doubt that. See: http://blog.nalates.net/2012/05/31/sl-mesh-deformer-debate-update/ Oz is planning to do more testing by having those attending the Open Source UG come to a meeting using the Deformer Project viewer and wearing mesh that gives an example of how the Deformer does or does not work. I have yet to hear a time and place decided. Charlar Linden, and I suspect Oz Linden, did not feel mesh clothes would be that popular as mesh items. So, the Lindens developing mesh at the time skipped adding things that would have made mesh clothes better and easier to make. This time around they think all but a few extreme shapes will be happy with the single base shape. I think stats are lacking and the geeks' viewpoints are misleading once again. When was the last time you saw a Linden change clothes more than once every 4 or 5 years? We have an estimate from Karl/Qarl for adding the ability to have alternate base shapes. We have about half the funding and will need to raise less than US$1,000 if we can move ahead on the project. What we do not have is the opinions and hard evidence to deliver to Oz that multiple base shapes are needed and wanted by a significant number of users. My thinking is the max hip/butt w/gi-normous boobs people that are so prevalent in SL and fashion are invisible to the Lindens. They don't follow fashion. They probably consider CPU and memory cache mating excellent porn. :hamsterlove: Convincing the Lindens is going to be difficult. As a group, users are not credible. So, we need fashion designers to provide their input. So… reach out to the designers working in mesh that you know and ask them to help by providing information… in this case we need numbers on complaints regarding fit and lack of sizes to fit shapes to be able to cross the user to geek language barrier. We probably need a poll to gather information to be convincing. So, I put one up. Now, the challenge is getting more than 100 people to take it. See: (this article) (Reference)
So, here is the poll. Get your friends and favorite designers to stop by and take it. Comments are welcome.
Are you a Mesh Clothes Designer? No (67%, 222 Votes)
I'm trying (17%, 56 Votes)
Yes (16%, 51 Votes) Total Voters: 329
Do mesh clothes fit your shape? Close (44%, 147 Votes)
No (24%, 80 Votes)
Yes (21%, 71 Votes)
Not Even CLose (12%, 39 Votes) Total Voters: 337
Do you think a single base shape for the Deformer will work? No, multiple base shapes are needed. (64%, 218 Votes)
I have no clue. (25%, 86 Votes)
Yes, only ONE male and female shape are needed. (11%, 36 Votes) Total Voters: 340
This poll will run until I close it. But, we need information for convincing the Lindens this month. So, please get the word out.
Like this: Like Loading...
Two black students at Salisbury University drew a stick figure hanging from a noose on a whiteboard in the taxpayer-funded school's library, police say. The image also featured the word “Nigger!” (with the exclamation point) and the hashtag #WhitePower.
Wow. I have no words. Whoever drew this in Blackwell is sick. This makes me angry as hell. pic.twitter.com/I3YwmgxkUW — Bri. (@Briyaa) April 10, 2016
The hoax incident caused great calamity on the 8,657-student campus in Salisbury, Md. The Salisbury University Police Department initiated a hate-crime investigation. However, upon learning that the unidentified students are black, authorities chose to file no charges, reports The Daily Times, a local newspaper.
The racist image appeared inside Blackwell Library on April 10, around the time of the school's eighth annual “Stop Hatin'” week, which centers on diversity and acceptance.
On Tuesday, school officials announced that two students responsible for the image are black. Officials cited the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, a federal law, as their rationale for not naming the students.
Administrators criticized the racist drawing.
“Regardless of who created the drawing, we find such actions demeaning to all members of the campus community and against our core values,” Salisbury U. media relations director Richard Culver lamented, according to the Times.
Culver noted that the unnamed students may still face discipline by school officials. The exact nature of the discipline is unclear.
Before campus cops determined that two black students had drawn the image, Salisbury University president Janet Dudley-Eshbach had released a stern, serious statement.
“Diversity is a core value of SU, and reports of such acts are taken seriously,” Eshbach declared, according to the Times. “The university will not tolerate this kind of language or behavior.”
Eschbach observed that the racist image appeared following “Stop Hatin'” week, noted The Flyer, Salisbury State's student newspaper. Eschbach said she was “heartened to see many members of the campus come together” during “Stop Hatin'” week.
As at many campuses around the country, minority students at Salisbury U. have complained recently about race issues. In November, a group of students met with Eshbach to discuss their grievances. The encounter did not go well. The students walked out after reading a letter to the school president.
“As students of color, WE DO NOT” — that part was in all-caps — “point fingers nor cast blame for the lack of awareness and understanding in regards to the black experience here at Salisbury University,” the missive said, according to the Times.
“However, we refuse to deny that the current environment on campus takes a huge toll on the psyche of students of color affected by the subconscious oppression.”
About 25 percent of the students at Salisbury University represent minorities.
The Salisbury University hoax is the latest in a long series of hate crime hoaxes on college campuses featuring racist statements or imagery perpetrated by black people.
Last year saw a banner crop of such incidents. (RELATED: The Daily Caller Presents: The Biggest, Dumbest Race Hoaxes And Fake Hate Crimes On Campus In 2015)
November was the most impressive month, by far.
NEXT PAGE: Recent race hoaxes
At Saginaw Valley State University in central Michigan, for example, black student Emmanuel D. Bowden took to Yik Yak to declare: “I'm going to shoot every black person I can on campus. Starting tomorrow morning.” Upon receiving highly negative feedback on the social media app, police say, Bowden backtracked with messages saying “I'm black” and “I was going to give it an hour to see how you all would react.” Bowden was charged with making a false report on a threat of terrorism and appears to have experienced great difficulty getting bailed out of jail. (RELATED: Guy Who Threatened To ‘Shoot Every Black' Kid On Campus… Is Black)
At the University of Missouri, following the forced resignation of the school president, an attack by a white professor on student journalists attempting to cover protests, a poop swastika, a brief strike by 32 football players and a six-day hunger strike by the fancypants-rich-boy son of a millionaire railroad executive, hysterical students created a bogus rumor that the Ku Klux Klan was roaming campus. It was a Tuesday night. The rumors appear to have been given major life after the student body president, Payton Head, made a Facebook post declaring that the KKK sighting had been confirmed and that he was actively working with police and even the National Guard on the matter. (RELATED: Mizzou Students Hallucinate KKK On Campus)
Pandemonium struck students and administrators alike at the University of Delaware after students claimed they discovered three “nooses” hanging from trees after a Black Lives Matter rally. A police investigation was rapidly launched. Once police officers actually took a close look at the “nooses,” they “determined that the three noose-like items were not instruments of a hate crime, but the remnants of paper lanterns.” After the “hate crime” was exposed as a total non-event, school officials doubled on the necessity of fighting hate on campus. (RELATED: University Of Delaware Outraged Over Non-Existent Hate Crime)
At Harvard Law School, some unknown person went to Wasserstein Hall and carefully placed strips of very-easily-removable black tape over portraits of black professors. Naturally, many Harvard students quickly labeled the incident as a savage hate crime showing the horror lurking beneath the surface at the venerated Ivy League bastion. However, several aspects of the “hate crime” suggest it is almost certainly a hoax. One particularly noteworthy red flag is that the black tape used to deface the portraits appears to be identical to tape previously used by activists affiliated with a group called “Royall Must Fall” to tape over a Harvard Law seal. (RELATED: Harvard Students Decry ‘Hate Crime' After Tape Found On Black Profs' Portraits)
At Calvin College — a small liberal arts college in Michigan — swastikas and the words “white power” were found written in snow on several cars. Two students confessed to the deed, but their names, motivations and punishments haven't been revealed. In all likelihood, the stunt was either a hoax intended to show evidence of intolerance or a poorly conceived prank rather than an act of hate. The tempest in Calvin College's teapot caused Joseph Kuilema, a social work professor at the school, to pen a column in the school newspaper accusing his students and fellow faculty members of being white supremacists for failing to accept the notion of “white privilege.” Kuilema also charged that the school itself and, in fact, the entire state of Michigan only exist because of white privilege. (RELATED: Professor Blames White Privilege For The Existence Of Michigan)
A black graduate of Kean University in New Hampshire used a school computer to threaten to “shoot every black woman and male” on campus. The 24-year-old grad, Kayla-Simone McKelvey, was charged with creating a false public alarm after reportedly making death threats and bomb threats against black students and professors. Police say McKelvey, who is black and a self-described race activist, used Twitter and a computer at the taxpayer-funded New Jersey school. McKelvey reportedly chose the Twitter handle @keanuagainstblk (Kean University against black) to make the threats. Police said McKelvey also tweeted: “kean university Twitter against blacks is for everyone who hates blacks people.” (RELATED: Black Activist Made Death Threats To Black Students, Faculty)
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send education-related story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
Two bits of news in one – there's value for you! Neil Gaiman's NEVERWHERE is coming to Radio 4 and Radio 4 Extra; the first episode is on Radio 4 and will be a one hour pilot broadcast on March 16th 2013. This will be followed by five half-hour episodes following on Radio 4 Extra from March 18th to 22nd 2013.
The cast is impressive and includes James McAvoy, Benedict Cumberbatch, Anthony Head, Christopher Lee, Bernard Cribbins, Andrew Sachs, Johnn Vegas and many more.
Not only do we have this to look forward to but also the announcement that Neil Gaiman is working on a new NEVERWHERE novella entitled HOW THE MARQUIS GOT HIS COAT BACK a piece that he was ‘part way' though in 2006.
We will of course be reviewing the pilot, the series and the novella all of which we are looking forward to immensely!
Source: BBC / Radio Times
Share your thoughts in the comments below or on Twitter @STARBURST_MAG
Find your local Starburst Magazine stockist HERE, or buy direct from us HERE. Our issues are also available as fully interactive iPad editions, loaded with multimedia, and can be downloaded via Apple HERE.
Click To Buy
Uber is an inventive way of showing how new technology can provide us with cheaper and more efficient transportation, but did you know the concept of Shared Taxi has been around for a century![1]
Jitney was known as a (5 cent) nickel in the States, since 1914 the mass production of auto-mobiles led to the rise of private taxi services which would cost as little as 5 cents. Jitneys had all the features for rapid transit:
Rapid entry and exit
Adaptation of demand
Better alternative to peak time traffic
Accessible to all routes
Majority of the operators of jitneys were simply picking up passengers along the way to work or other trips. Jitney out-competed the street railways in major US cities. Consequently, to prevent the shame of the cross subsidization of public street railways, many cities began to destroy the jitney business by artificially increasing the need for private mobiles by distorting the locations of homes and businesses, then by forcibly preventing the sharing of cars through market regulation.[2]
What's ironic was that years later after the regulations the municipalities began to encourage carpooling to reduce traffic congestion, but the attempt was an utter failure as non-market mechanism is unable to operate without the knowledge through the market of jitneys and the result was decreased incentives and co-operations among the individuals. Without the ease instantaneous transactions, the planning required to prepare for carpooling required sorting, labelling and other tasks which made the operation a whole lot more expensive than expected; at the same time, it was still illegal to sell their service to any awaiting passengers without a city franchise. The result was a public outcry of traffic jams and overpriced transportion, yet this public irrationality was the result of government's use of force (Sowell, 1996)!
Shared Taxi was not just a phenomenon in the States but was occurring throughout the globe and encountered the same opposition everywhere thanks to the tyranny of bureaucrats and fascist unions. Shared Taxi was the future and it was curbed, now we can only hope people will realise enabling this service provides the solution to the transportation problem as well as providing benefits to everyone involved.
Dry sex is the sexual practice of having sexual intercourse without vaginal lubrication. Vaginal lubrication can be removed by using herbal aphrodisiacs, household detergents, antiseptics,[1] by wiping out the vagina,[2] or by placing leaves in the vagina[2] besides other methods.[3] Dry sex is associated with increased health risks.
Removing or preventing vaginal lubrication through practices associated with dry sex increases friction during intercourse, which may be perceived as increased vaginal tightness, and enhanced sexual pleasure for the male partner.[4] Some men who insist on dry sex regard "wet" women to be unchaste.[5] Dry sex can be painful for men[6][7] and women.[1] Dry sex is common in Sub-Saharan Africa[1][2] and it has also been reported in Suriname among Afro-Surinamese women.[8]
Health risks [ edit ]
The practice has been linked to the high incidence of HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa.[1] The practice is regarded as increasing the risk of transmitting sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) for both partners, including HIV[1][3] in a number of ways. Increased friction during intercourse can cause lacerations in vaginal tissue.[9] Drying the vagina also removes the natural antiseptic lactobacilli which combats sexually transmitted diseases. Furthermore, dry sex increases the risk that a condom will break because of the increased friction. It may also result in vaginal inflammation and/or traumatic lesions which in turn may increase the transmission of STDs in other ways.
OS X 10.11.4 (El Capitan) comes with new graphics drivers (kexts) for Skylake based hardware, and AppleIntelSKLGraphicsFramebuffer.kext includes the following hardware device-ids for supported Intel® processors. Have a look at the output of my yet to be released script – still a work in process – that most of you will know as AppleIntelFramebufferAzul.sh
AppleIntelGraphicsFramebuffer.sh v3.2 Copyright (c) 2012-2016 by Pike R. Alpha
------------------------------------------------------------------------
The supported platformIDs are:
[ 1] 0x191e0000 - Intel® HD Graphics 515..........(ULX GT2)
[ 2] 0x19160000 - Intel® HD Graphics 520..........(ULT GT2)
[ 3] 0x19260000 - Intel® Iris™ Graphics 550.......(ULT GT3)
[ 4] 0x191b0000 - Intel® HD Graphics 530..........(Halo GT2)
[ 5] 0x193b0000 - Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics 580...(Halo GT4)
[ 6] 0x19120000 - Intel® HD Graphics 530..........(Desktop GT2)
[ 7] 0x19020001 - Intel® HD Graphics 510..........(Desktop GT1)
[ 8] 0x19170001 - Skylake Desktop.................(GT1.5)
[ 9] 0x1912000 1 - Intel® HD Graphics 530..........(Desktop GT2)
[10] 0x19320001 - Skylake Desktop.................(GT4)
[11] 0x19160002 - Intel® HD Graphics 520..........(ULT GT2)
[12] 0x19260002 - Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540.......(ULT GT3)
[13] 0x191e0003 - Intel® HD Graphics 515..........(ULX GT2)
[14] 0x19260004 - Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540.......(ULT GT3)
[15] 0x193b0005 - Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics 580...(Halo GT4)
[16] 0x193b0006 - Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics 580...(Halo GT4)
Note that the device-ids with a strikethrough are still inactive and thus cannot be used without first modifying them. Now let's look at the data:
Especially the last two data sets, but there is a third one with the same device-id. All three new and added to support processors with the Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics 580 backed in. The most powerful Intel graphics ever.
Ok. So the first two words (0600 3b19) are the device-id (reversed). We know that. Just like all previous revision, but the next six words are new. And no. Sorry. I have no idea what they are used for. Anyway. The next forty three words are pretty much the same. With the exception of the termination value (2000 instead of 4000) and the feature bits (9800 and c701). The next forty one words are also still a mystery. Oh and they all drive an internal (eDP) panel:
0000 0000 0800 0200 0000 9800
Update: Laptop users are advised to use FakePCIID.kext (with injector) to fake a device id of 1912, or anything above 0x191d to bypass the check in AppleIntelSKLGraphicsGLDriver.bundle
Credit and thanks to doix for this update (see comments)!
Hmm. There is one other thing that I noticed in the setup that I used. Take a look at this snippet of the output of my AppleIntelInfo.kext:
iGPU P-States [ 2 5 (6) 21 24 27 30 ]
That is not good. The first three and last three values should not be there so the next thing that I did was to check the output of the Intel Power Gadget.
Even worse (goes up to 3.3GHz) so something was obviously not quite right. Ah there it is – I was stil injection plist data for the IGPU, which is not necessary anymore. Anyway. You can reproduce this with the following snippet:
<key>Mac-DB15BD556843C820</key> <dict> <key>IGPU</key> <dict> <key>BoostPState</key> <array> <integer>24</integer> <integer>24</integer> <integer>24</integer> <integer>24</integer> </array> <key>BoostTime</key> <array> <integer>1</integer> <integer>1</integer> <integer>1</integer> <integer>15</integer> </array> </dict> </dict>
Not that the Cinebench score changes, because it didn't, but just so that you know what to look for when it happens on your setup.
Ok. My flight is almost leaving, and then I will try to update my script, during the flight back home for a well deserved holiday with my family. Ok. This has to be it for now, but I will keep you posted of anything else that I may find, like the new AAPL,XXXX properties 😉
Edit: Okay. Apple sets the model name to: “Intel HD Graphics SKL CRB” and that in combination with the data from /S*/L*/E*/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/C*/P*/AppleUSBXHCIPCI.kext/C*/Info.plist
<key>SklCrb,1-XHCI</key> <dict> <key>CFBundleIdentifier</key> <string>com.apple.driver.AppleUSBMergeNub</string> <key>IOClass</key> <string>AppleUSBMergeNub</string> <key>IONameMatch</key> <string>XHC1</string> <key>IOProviderClass</key> <string>AppleUSBXHCIPCI</string> <key>IOProviderMergeProperties</key> <dict> <key>port-count</key> <data> GgAAAA== </data> <key>ports</key> <dict> <key>HS01</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> AQAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS02</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> AgAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS03</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> AwAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS04</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> BAAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS05</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> BQAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS06</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> BgAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS07</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> BwAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS08</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> CAAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS09</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> CQAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS10</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> CgAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS11</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> CwAAAA== </data> </dict> <key>HS12</key> <dict> <key>UsbConnector</key> <integer>3</integer> <key>port</key> <data> DAAAAA== </data> </dict> </dict> </dict> <key>model</key> <string>SKLCRB1,1</string> </dict>
That may put the Geekbench score the one that was found a few months ago, in a new light. I mean. That board-id (Mac-50619A408DB004DA) is still unused so who else – than Apple – would want to use this kind of data? Intel?
Advertisements
Our comprehensive guidance helps you make beautiful products, faster. Design and build with new tools for customizing Material and sharing work, find inspiration in the...
Our comprehensive guidance helps you make beautiful products, faster. Design and build with new tools for customizing Material and sharing work, find inspiration in the Material studies, and express your product's unique identity with Material Theming.
Find what you need by navigating across these three sections:
Material System Our expanded and enhanced design system is unified with Material tools and components to improve workflow between design and development. Material Foundation Design and strategize how to build your app using Material Design architecture, while learning the principles and theory that underpin Material Design. Material Guidelines Customize and deploy a unique Material theme systematically across your product – from design to code.
You can still view the previous set of Material Guidelines.
Marin Cilic's announcement during Wimbledon that he was pulling out of the tournament due to a knee injury was to avoid "adverse publicity" from the fact he had failed a drugs test, the full findings of the case have revealed.
The Croatian, who was No10 seed at the England Club this summer, was banned for nine months last week after testing positive for a banned supplement.
He had been one of the leading players at Wimbledon, having finished runner-up to Andy Murray at Queen's, but pulled out of his match against France's Kenny de Schepper on 26 June having accepted a provisional suspension for the positive test – but cited a knee injury as the reason. He was one of seven players to withdraw – such a higher number led to an inquest into the state of the courts.
The findings by the International Tennis Federation's independent anti-doping tribunal stated: "He [Cilic] played and won his first-round match at Wimbledon on 24 June. He has not played in a competitive match since.
"On 26 June his lawyers in Brussels responded on his behalf, voluntarily accepting a provisional suspension until a decision in the case, and waiving his right to analysis of the B sample. He withdrew from Wimbledon, citing a knee injury to avoid adverse publicity."
Cilic, 24, tested positive for the banned supplement nikethamide after taking Coramine glucose tablets bought at a pharmacy in Monte Carlo. The tribunal heard the tablets' information leaflet contained a warning for athletes that they could lead to a positive test, but Cilic argued that he could not understand French.
The tribunal's findings stated that the player could easily have checked before taking the tablets, but accepted he had inadvertently ingested the nikethamide and "did not intend to enhance his performance in doing so".
They added: "The product had the word 'Coramine' in upper case letters on the front. The player was familiar with websites such as Google and Wikipedia. It would have taken only minutes to search under 'Coramine' on those sites, and discover the danger he was in."
Cilic had also stated that he was under considerable stress due to problems between his coach Bob Brett and his parents. The tribunal accepted that but said: "We do not, however, think that the stress the player was suffering is a factor of great weight. Conditions in the highest echelons of professional sport are inherently stressful."
The tribunal said the offence was "not at the most serious end of the scale" but still warranted a nine-month ban. Cilic has said he will appeal against the decision to the court of arbitration for sport.
We observed high prevalence rates of overweight and obesity regardless of the growth reference used. WHO cut-offs generated the highest prevalence estimates of overweight and obesity for participants overall and for both genders compared to CDC and IOTF. Despite a good level of agreement observed between these BMI classification systems using the weighted kappa statistic, we noted significant differences for discordant obesity. Youth, who were considered overweight by IOTF classification but not by CDC or WHO (non-agreement), exhibited less severe clinical obesity – characterized by lower levels of body fat, insulin and HOMA2-IR score.
Several studies, using these three classification systems, have reported inconsistent prevalence estimates of overweight and obesity among youth worldwide [13, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26]. Overall, WHO criteria yielded the highest overweight and obesity prevalence. We noted overweight/obesity prevalence of 67.0% with IOTF, 64.9% with CDC, and 68.4% with WHO criteria. Among Canadian youth, prevalence for the combined overweight/obesity category (5–17 years) was estimated to be 24.8% (8.4% obesity) with IOTF and 31.5% (11.7% obesity) with WHO [27]. Our results are similar to those of our previous study of Inuit youth from Nunavik [14]. Lower prevalence estimates of obesity were observed with IOTF and CDC compared to WHO criteria, which generated higher values regardless of gender. In other studies where IOTF generated the lowest estimates of both overweight and obesity prevalence [10, 11, 12, 13], a higher prevalence of overweight was apparent for participants overall and by gender with IOTF compared to the CDC and WHO systems.
4 28 IOTF vs. CDC Non-agreement IOTF overweight/ CDC obese (n = 13) Agreement IOTF obese/ CDC obese (n = 123) Mean difference (95% CI) P Body fat, % 34.5 ± 6.6 41.7 ± 6.7 −7.1 (−11.0, −3.2) <0.001 SBP, mm Hg 104 ± 10.4 108 ± 11.6 −3.5 (−10.2, 3.1) 0.29 DBP, mm Hg 63 ± 8.9 65 ± 11.6 −2.1 (−8.7, 4.4) 0.52 Fasting plasma glucose, mmol/L 5.0 ± 0.40 5.2 ± 0.50 −0.17 (−0.45, 0.12) 0.26 Fasting plasma insulin, pmol/L 142 ± 49 207 ± 135 −65.3 (−102, −28.5) 0.001 HOMA2-IR 2.6 ± 0.86 3.5 ± 2.0 −0.97 (−1.6, −0.36) 0.003 TG, mmol/L 1.1 ± 0.45 1.1 ± 0.61 0.003 (−0.50, 0.51) 0.99 HDL-C, mmol/L 1.2 ± 0.32 1.1 ± 0.28 0.11 (−0.13, 0.35) 0.38 TG/HDL-C ratio 0.97 ± 0.46 1.1 ± 0.72 −0.14 (−0.74, 0.46) 0.64 IOTF vs. WHO Non-agreement IOTF overweight/ WHO obese (n = 19) Agreement IOTF obese/ WHO obese (n = 123) Mean difference (95% CI) P Body fat, % 33.6 ± 6.5 41.7 ± 6.7 −8.1 (−11.3, −4.8) <0.001 SBP, mm Hg 104 ± 9.3 108 ± 11.6 −4.2 (−9.7, 1.3) 0.13 DBP, mm Hg 63 ± 10.1 65 ± 11.6 −2.2 (−7.7, 3.4) 0.44 Fasting plasma glucose, mmol/L 5.1 ± 0.39 5.2 ± 0.50 −0.12 (−0.36, 0.12) 0.32 Fasting plasma insulin, pmol/L 135 ± 55.3 207 ± 135 −71.9 (−107, −36.6) <0.001 HOMA2-IR 2.5 ± 0.98 3.5 ± 2.0 −1.1 (−1.7, −0.50) <0.001 TG, mmol/L 0.97 ± 0.40 1.1 ± 0.61 −0.18 (−0.55, 0.20) 0.36 HDL-C, mmol/L 1.4 ± 0.35 1.1 ± 0.28 0.23 (0.04, 0.42) 0.02 TG/HDL-C ratio 0.77 ± 0.43 1.1 ± 0.72 −0.34 (−0.78, 0.10) 0.13 To investigate the accuracy of these three BMI classification systems in our population and in the absence of obesity-related outcomes (Table), we used body fat and different cardiometabolic risk factors [] as surrogates. All variables were significantly higher whereas HDL-C levels were significantly lower from normal weight to obesity regardless of the BMI classification system. Our previous results on Inuit youth disclosed similar patterns for plasma insulin and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations for the three growth references. Adiponectin levels were also significantly higher but only with WHO classification.
In our sample, IOTF criteria appear to be more accurate than CDC or WHO in identifying youth with obesity. According to the IOTF classification system, 90.4% of cases with obesity would be classified as obese with CDC and 86.6% with WHO. Also, we observed that youth classified as overweight by IOTF but not by CDC or WHO exhibited less severe clinical obesity. The lower proportion of subjects with obesity identified by IOTF was reflected by higher classification in the overweight category compared to CDC or WHO. In other words, false-positive subjects with obesity identified by CDC or WHO criteria were adequately classified as overweight by IOTF.
Our study has some limitations. Because of limitations inherent in cross-sectional investigations, no causal relationship can be ascertained. The cross-sectional design did not provide information on weight status variations through age and timing growth patterns. As the study participants were Indigenous, with a high prevalence of overweight and obesity, generalizability of the observed associations may be limited to similar populations. The strengths of this study are its relatively large sample and direct assessment of weight, height, body fat and large number of biological measurements under fasting conditions, especially cardiometabolic risk factors. These allowed us to investigate the accuracy of the three BMI classification systems to estimate overweight and obesity prevalence in our population.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is my belief that when you bring a player to a football club, he becomes your responsibility.
I know that lots of people are jumping up and down and saying that Liverpool should disown Luis Suarez.
Others are saying that the striker has become more trouble than he is worth, too.
But you don't just turn your back on someone because he has done something wrong.
I think you will find that Liverpool will not turn their back on Suarez, whatever the ban FIFA have decided he must serve. Of course it will be a heavy blow if the club has to do without him for the opening months of the season.
That will seem harsh, particularly as he has been in someone else's care for the last few weeks and Liverpool have had no control over him.
When he was punished by the FA for the biting incident with Branislav Ivanovic and banned from domestic games, he was still allowed to play for his national team.
It seems a bit strange, then, that when he is banned for something he did with his national team, his club has to suffer, too.
There are several things to say about Luis and what he did against Italy this week.
Sometimes, when people have something wrong with them, just because they don't have a plaster cast on their leg, people think they don't need help.
Well, after the Ivanovic incident last year, Liverpool gave Luis help - and he was receptive to that help.
He had meetings with the club psychiatrist, Steve Peters, as other players have, and he showed remorse and a willingness to be rehabilitated.
If a player shows a willingness to be helped, then you have a responsibility to help him.
Last season, he was a fantastic player for Liverpool, not just because of the goals he scored and the goals he made but because of his behaviour, too. He behaved impeccably, actually, something that was recognised when the Football Writers Association made him their Footballer of the Year.
At the end of the season, he was taken away from the ­environment that he had responded to so well in Liverpool.
He went to Uruguay to prepare for the World Cup and Liverpool had no control over him from that point.
You can't really ask any one person why what happened against Italy happened, because there is only person who knows and that is Luis - some people have ­injuries you can't see.
Amid all the noise, that's one thing that is maybe worth remembering.
Reps. Grimm (left) and Rivera had previously been opposed to raising the debt limit. | AP Photos Republicans who said no, then yes
Florida Rep. David Rivera said it would be “very difficult,” if not “next to impossible” to change his position on a debt ceiling increase. New York's Michael Grimm said “it simply is not an option,” to raise the debt limit. Arkansas Rep. Rick Crawford once said he was “absolutely opposed to” the president's request for a debt ceiling increase.
But all of them effectively voted for a debt ceiling increase Friday night, along with several other House Republicans who have suggested either in public statements or pledges that they would not vote for such a hike under the conditions laid out in Speaker John Boehner's bill.
Story Continued Below
Republican House members have given a number of reasons over the last week for voting for the plan. Many of the 115 members who signed the Cut, Cap, and Balance pledge, which sets strict guidelines for a vote to raise the debt ceiling—have said that the Boehner plan continues the spirit of that pledge, cutting more than the amount needed to raise the debt ceiling and enforcing caps on future spending. And they're satisfied that they'll get a real shot at passing the Balanced Budget Amendment.
“I'm a conservative, you guys say I'm a pretty hard-line conservative, and as I said, I'm going to support this,” Allen West told reporters this week when asked if it met the criteria set out by his pledge.
Some of the lawmakers who previously appeared to take a hard line said their position has always been more nuanced. Grimm spokeswoman Carol Danko said Grimm “always said he would vote for a debt limit increase, as long as it's paired with cuts. His position hasn't changed, and that is why he's supporting the Boehner plan.”
“Congressman Crawford is opposed to raising the debt ceiling, however it must be done because of the reckless spending of past Congresses,” said Anna Nix, spokeswoman for Crawford.“Congressman Crawford would only agree to a debt limit increase if the legislation included permanent structural reforms to the way Washington operates. The legislation the congressman supports includes those reforms,” Nix said.
Other members tried to argue that their alternative was more responsible then the Democratic plan. “By cutting more spending than it raises in debt, while not raising taxes, and including a balanced budget constitutional amendment, Speaker Boehner's plan provides the only alternative to President Obama's and the liberal Senate's irresponsible tax and spend approach to increase the debt,” Leslie Viega, Rivera's spokeswoman said.
California Rep. Jeff Denham told a liberal blogger this year “absolutely” when asked if he thought he'd vote against a debt ceiling increase. New Jersey Rep. Leonard Lance said in a statement on his website that he would “oppose raising the debt limit without first passing a real balanced budget plan that puts the Nation on a glide path toward fiscal responsibility,” a sentiment echoed by the Republicans who signed the Cut, Cap and Balance pledge.
“Rep. Denham already voted against a clean raise on the debt ceiling. Today he voted to control spending and taxes, reduce the debt on future generations and ensure a balanced budget amendment that will prevent Washington from continuing to spend money it does not have,” Denham spokeswoman Allie Brandenburger said.
Still, Boehner's plan wasn't good enough for some who had signed the pledge—part of the reason it was held up Thursday night, leaving leadership to scramble for votes. “I believe like a lot of us do that what we passed last week, Cut Cap and Balance is what we need to hold firmly behind, especially passing the balance budget amendment,” Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.) said.
HOW NIKE BUILT THE REAL POWER-LACING SNEAKER OF OUR DREAMS.
The Sneaker should come alive. Tinker Hatfield was sitting at a drafting table in his office in Beaverton, Oregon. He and another young designer at Nike named Mark Parker had just returned from a brainstorming session in Hollywood with film director Robert Zemeckis, who was storyboarding the sequel to his sci-fi comedy hit of three years earlier, Back to the Future. It was 1988, and Zemeckis and his creative team were on the hunt for futuristic sight gags for the film, set in 2015. They had tasked Hatfield and Parker with dreaming up some seriously 21st-century sneakers. One idea that came up in the meeting involved magnetic levitation, but to Hatfield that seemed a little too Jetsons.
His time as a pole-vaulter and his degree in architecture from the University of Oregon had taught him to prize utility, and it didn't seem plausible to him that any athlete, even decades in the future, would ever want or need to levitate. Hatfield and Parker decided to treat the assignment not as a sight gag but, as he recalls, “like someone had asked me to reinvent footwear for actual performance reasons, in the real world, only I had 30 years to figure the technology out.” And that's when the idea came to him: “What about a shoe that would essentially come alive when you put it on? It would sense you. It would become the shape of your foot, and when it came alive it would light up. Wouldn't it be great if shoes could do that?”
Hatfield didn't just sketch what such a shoe would look like. He drew a storyboard in which Marty McFly first encounters a pair of sneakers: He steps in, reaches down to tie the laces—an instinctual, ritual bowing down to the shoe—and the sneakers light up, come alive, and shape to his foot. (Hatfield says he even included a snippet of McFly dialog—something like Wow! Power laces!) A scene similar to Hatfield's drawing wound up in the movie, which became one of the highest-grossing films of the year and introduced the Nike Mag, as the shoe was christened, as something like the flying car of footwear—a sci-fi promise that nobody could figure out how to deliver on. Over time, the Mag would so capture people's imaginations that an intense campaign resulted in online petitions, with futurists, fanboys, and sneakerheads pleading with Nike to create a retail version.
First Lady Melania Trump's trip comes as President Donald Trump has continued to wage war on his political opponents, often with strong language | Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images Melania Trump takes on anti-bullying cause in trip to middle school
First lady Melania Trump on Monday spotlighted prevention of school bullying, with a stop at a Michigan middle school where she chatted with students in a sixth-grade class working on an activity about social isolation and inclusion.
At her side was Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
Story Continued Below
At one point, a group of students told Trump they've been learning to embrace their own personalities. Trump told them that "I always believe you need to treat each other with respect and compassion."
"Be yourself," she said.
She also told the kids that "I always say no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes, right? Because it doesn't do any good to your brains. It just damages."
The two also visited the cafeteria at Orchard Lake Middle School in West Bloomfield, Mich., to highlight the "No One Eats Alone" campaign. The campaign encourages students to ask a friend eating alone to join them at a cafeteria table.
“By our own example, we must teach children to be good stewards of the world they will inherit. We need to remember that they are always watching and listening. It is our responsibility to take the lead in teaching children the values of empathy and communication that are at the core of kindness, mindfulness, integrity, and leadership," Trump said in a statement announcing the visit.
Morning Education A daily dose of education policy news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Her trip comes as President Donald Trump has continued to wage war on his political opponents, often with strong language, such as recently calling Democratic Rep. Frederica Wilson of Florida "wacky."
Melania Trump's communications director, Stephanie Grisham, told CNN that "Mrs. Trump is independent and acts independently from her husband."
"She does what she feels is right, and knows that she has a real opportunity through her role as first lady to have a positive impact on the lives of children," she told CNN. "Her only focus is to effect change within our next generation."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Thousands of young former Farc guerrilla soldiers are trying to make a new life in safe houses and in neighbourhoods on the outskirts of Colombia's cities and towns
The left wing Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc) guerrillas say they will no longer recruit young people below the age of 17.
A Farc spokesman said that the new policy increased the group's recruitment age by two years.
He denied that they had a policy of forced recruitment, and said many young people came of their own free will.
However, the Colombian government says it has rescued almost 6,000 former child soldiers in the last 15 years.
The defence ministry said most of the children they had rescued had been between 16 and 17 years old, but 30% of the rescued children were boys and girls between the ages of 9 and 15.
Image copyright AP Image caption Ivan Marquez, chief negotiator for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc), (C), said the organisation wanted to reach a peace accord with social justice
Meanwhile, Farc accuses the Colombian military of using forced recruitment and says children are used by the military to infiltrate Farc positions.
In a statement, Farc said: "We want to take steps that will ensure that fewer generations and fewer young people will be involved in military confrontations which put their lives at risk."
Farc's announcement came on the UN's International Day Against the Use of Child Soldiers.
According to a report by Colombia's National Centre for Historical Memory (in Spanish), more than 220,000 people have been killed in the armed conflict between Farc rebels and the Colombian government.
Peace talks in the Cuban capital Havana have been taking place for more than two years. The two sides have reached partial deals on several issues but have not yet reached a definitive peace accord.
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
johoe
Offline
Activity: 217
Merit: 120
Full MemberActivity: 217Merit: 120 Re: Reused R values again December 14, 2014, 11:06:02 PM #205
I have computed more random values, but still have not captured all.
Unfortunately my ssh session timed out and took my script with it
Have to run it again, it will probably find some more keys.
Another 500 keys crackedI have computed more random values, but still have not captured all.Unfortunately my ssh session timed out and took my script with itHave to run it again, it will probably find some more keys. Donations to 1CF62UFWXiKqFUmgQMUby9DpEW5LXjypU3
HospitalDonations
Offline
Activity: 7
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 7Merit: 0 Re: Reused R values again December 14, 2014, 11:23:54 PM #207
we be wait more your details and informations
P.S
You very popular in tv show
guy robin hod
make 200.000$ victms you big boy in bitcoins scene
also thanx for any your donations we accept in our scene litle more
i am very love you! Ok this for help us continuewe be wait more your details and informationsP.SYou very popular in tv showguy robin hodmake 200.000$ victms you big boy in bitcoins scenealso thanx for any your donations we accept in our scene litle morei am very love you!
JorgeStolfi
Offline
Activity: 910
Merit: 1002
Hero MemberActivity: 910Merit: 1002 Re: Reused R values again December 14, 2014, 11:49:11 PM #210 Quote from: itod on December 14, 2014, 09:11:55 PM Quote from: johoe on December 14, 2014, 08:48:46 PM I feel like Sisyphos. You think you swiped everything but in the meantime someone else sends you new money...
You need Bitcoin forwarder service, upload private keys and it forwards funds the moment it sees them on the blockchain. Since it doesn't exist, you'll have to write your own
You need Bitcoin forwarder service, upload private keys and it forwards funds the moment it sees them on the blockchain. Since it doesn't exist, you'll have to write your own
If there was a forwarding option in the protocol, the first thing a black hat hacker would do is to sweep the coins, the second thing would be to set up forwarding to his address (and set it again every time the original owner tries to reset it). If there was a forwarding option in the protocol, the first thing a black hat hacker would do is to sweep the coins, the second thing would be to set up forwarding to his address (and set it again every time the original owner tries to reset it). Academic interest in bitcoin only. Not owner, not trader, very skeptical of its longterm success.
ProfMac
Offline
Activity: 1190
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 1190Merit: 1000 Re: Reused R values again December 15, 2014, 12:23:01 AM #211 Quote from: itod on December 14, 2014, 08:20:16 PM Quote from: johoe on December 14, 2014, 05:51:32 PM Do I have to use bitcoin-cli listtransactions and then dump each transaction to check which output was spent?
The wallet operations on bitcoind are so slow when you have 1400 private keys imported.
As I understand there's a new feature which will be introduced into bitcoind 0.10.0 to work with addresses without importing private keys (watch-only):
https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/4045
It should give you what you want with 'listtransactions', and should be working already in 0.10 branch in github, if you feel like working with it.
As I understand there's a new feature which will be introduced into bitcoind 0.10.0 to work with addresses without importing private keys (watch-only):It should give you what you want with 'listtransactions', and should be working already in 0.10 branch in github, if you feel like working with it.
I'm confused here.
I have been using the reference (Satoshi) client, both the graphic version and the daemon version. I did not check before posting, but I am pretty sure that I have used watch only addresses for a year or two.
I'm confused here.I have been using the reference (Satoshi) client, both the graphic version and the daemon version. I did not check before posting, but I am pretty sure that I have used watch only addresses for a year or two. I try to be respectful and informed.
John (John K.)
Legendary
Offline
Activity: 1260
Merit: 1086
Will read PM's. Have more time lately
Global Troll-buster andLegendaryActivity: 1260Merit: 1086Will read PM's. Have more time lately Re: Reused R values again December 15, 2014, 03:23:20 AM #213 Quote from: bitcoinaliens on December 15, 2014, 01:18:24 AM Quote from: johoe on December 14, 2014, 06:57:58 PM As always I plan to return it to bc.i and you can contact their support to get your refund.
I've had 1+btc "sweeped" into your account, and have requested to get it returned from Blockchain.info - this is their response:
Quote
Dec 14 20:11
Thank you for this information. We require further investigation into this matter, which means we need to verify that this address was generated in your wallet. Unfortunately we can only do this with the wallet identifier + password. Please provide this information along with the total amount removed from the other address.
Be sure to *NEVER* use the compromised bitcoin address again. You should also generate a new wallet at
Mandrik (Blockchain)Dec 14 20:11Thank you for this information. We require further investigation into this matter, which means we need to verify that this address was generated in your wallet. Unfortunately we can only do this with the wallet identifier + password. Please provide this information along with the total amount removed from the other address.Be sure to *NEVER* use the compromised bitcoin address again. You should also generate a new wallet at https://www.blockchain.info/wallet/new , and never use the other wallet again, since you'll be sharing the password information with us.
This looks like the stupidest idea ever to me - to send them my identifier and password over email (I have other bitcoin in other wallets inside that account... not for long..)
I'm pretty shocked that this is their approach to helping me to SECURE my bitcoin? Is this even allowed / legit?
I've had 1+btc "sweeped" into your account, and have requested to get it returned from Blockchain.info - this is their response:This looks like the stupidest idea ever to me - to send them my identifier and password over email (I have other bitcoin in other wallets inside that account... not for long..)I'm pretty shocked that this is their approach to helping me to SECURE my bitcoin? Is this even allowed / legit?
Are you sure this was sent by blockchain.info not some other scammer? Are you sure this was sent by blockchain.info not some other scammer? My BTC Tip Jar: 1Pgvfy19uwtYe5o9dg3zZsAjgCPt3XZqz9 , GPG ID: B3AAEEB0 ,OTC ID: johnthedong
Escrow service is available on a case by case basis! (PM Me to verify I'm the escrow!)
FinanceUS
Offline
Activity: 68
Merit: 10
MemberActivity: 68Merit: 10 Re: Reused R values again December 15, 2014, 03:55:12 AM #214 Quote from: bitcoinaliens on December 15, 2014, 01:18:24 AM Quote from: johoe on December 14, 2014, 06:57:58 PM As always I plan to return it to bc.i and you can contact their support to get your refund.
I've had 1+btc "sweeped" into your account, and have requested to get it returned from Blockchain.info - this is their response:
Quote
Dec 14 20:11
Thank you for this information. We require further investigation into this matter, which means we need to verify that this address was generated in your wallet. Unfortunately we can only do this with the wallet identifier + password. Please provide this information along with the total amount removed from the other address.
Be sure to *NEVER* use the compromised bitcoin address again. You should also generate a new wallet at
Mandrik (Blockchain)Dec 14 20:11Thank you for this information. We require further investigation into this matter, which means we need to verify that this address was generated in your wallet. Unfortunately we can only do this with the wallet identifier + password. Please provide this information along with the total amount removed from the other address.Be sure to *NEVER* use the compromised bitcoin address again. You should also generate a new wallet at https://www.blockchain.info/wallet/new , and never use the other wallet again, since you'll be sharing the password information with us.
This looks like the stupidest idea ever to me - to send them my identifier and password over email (I have other bitcoin in other wallets inside that account... not for long..)
I'm pretty shocked that this is their approach to helping me to SECURE my bitcoin? Is this even allowed / legit?
I've had 1+btc "sweeped" into your account, and have requested to get it returned from Blockchain.info - this is their response:This looks like the stupidest idea ever to me - to send them my identifier and password over email (I have other bitcoin in other wallets inside that account... not for long..)I'm pretty shocked that this is their approach to helping me to SECURE my bitcoin? Is this even allowed / legit?
I guess you'd move your funds away from all other addresses generated in this wallet first. You will have to abandon this account anyway.
If you're still afraid of signing transactions with blockchain.info, you may sign these transactions offline with other clients like Electrum. I guess you'd move your funds away from all other addresses generated in this wallet first. You will have to abandon this account anyway.If you're still afraid of signing transactions with blockchain.info, you may sign these transactions offline with other clients like Electrum.
Pierce was pulled by Purrs from the Heart from Chicago Animal Care and Control. His location is unknown.
The pictures being posted online are very much like the faces of the missing after a tragedy. In this case, the faces are cats and kittens. Their tragedy is being rescued and then let down by the group that stepped up to save their lives. As the story surrounding Purrs from the Heart unfolds, it has left rescues scrambling throughout Chicagoland to pick up the pieces while law enforcement and the department of agriculture puts together their own case against the organization and its leadership - founders Sherry and Brian Przybylski.
Purrs from the Heart, a small suburban rescue organization, pulled over 1,200 cats from Chicago Animal Care and Control over a six-month period. Now, the search is on to find where those cats ended up and how many are still alive. According to a WGN report, 500 cats died many others ended up at a house on Chicago's Southside where conditions were deplorable and many more cats died of illness.
The effect of this situation ranges far beyond the 1,200 cats pulled and unaccounted for in this particular case. It's effecting current and future rescue efforts for organizations of all sizes in the Chicago cat rescue community.
The pieces of the puzzle
“It has been very frustrating. So much effort is now going into looking for the missing cats,” says Allison Tarr of the CACC Cat transfer team. Her group of volunteers networks photos of the cats from CACC to rescue. “We have no idea right now how many cats are missing, how many died for sure or even how many found homes. It will take a long time to do right by these cats. In the meantime, it's all taking away from rescuing other cats that need help.”
Chicago's cat community has come together to put together the pieces of a very complex puzzle to try to find out the fate of the cats taken in by the rescue. That has included trapping cats in the neighborhood surrounding the Southside home were cats were dumped. The lack of information has made it challenging even for organizations like Tree House Humane Society, a group that manages many of the cities feral cat colonies.
“In this situation, it has been very difficult to really know how many cats were released outside and how many have indeed been trapped already, which has been frustrating for us,” says Jenny Schlueter, the community cats program director the organization. “Normally when we start a new TNR project, we work with a feeder or if there is no feeder identified, we canvass the neighborhood in an effort to find as much information as possible before attempting to trap the cats there. Knowing even some basic information makes trapping much easier and more efficient so we can get to the next project more quickly.”
In this case, community groups on the Southside near the Paulina house where cats were dumped have stepped up efforts to trap cats. Those groups have been running active Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) programs to manage the cat population in the area.
The ripple effect
While that work continues, there is the bigger question – what happens to the cats once they are re-rescued. Space opens up for cats at no kill shelters and rescues as more cats are adopted and this is a slower adoption time for many rescues and shelters. While groups are stepping up to help, that could have a ripple effect on current rescue efforts in the cat community.
“Every day we have to reassess the cats on our waiting list to determine who needs our services most urgently,” says Schlueter. Tree House is Chicago's oldest, largest, cageless, no kill cat shelter. “At any given time we have about 100-200 cats on our list, and we get calls about medical emergencies, threats of abuse and other urgent rescue situations every day.
“We recognize that the Purrs cats need urgent attention as well, and we are doing our best to juggle their needs with all the other pressing situations we are working on,” she adds. “We already have a couple of new fosters waiting to lessen the burden on those who have the bulk of the cats. We will continue to look for more fosters for them so they can receive their treatments from the comfort of a home until they are healthy and ready to come into the shelter.”
“We've taken in some kittens from Purrs from the Heart that have ringworm, which means they'll need to be isolated longer,” adds Tarr who also is the founder of CARF: Critical Animal Rescue Fund. “That will take some space from healthier kittens that have a quicker turnaround. We also took in some of their cats from their Petco location.”
“It's a case of re-rescuing cats that had already been rescued. We had not planned on taking on additional cats through the end of the year because it's a slower time for us,” says Lauren Rizzo from St. Sophia's Forgotten Felines. Her group has taken in four, one of which is FIV+. “We feel like many of the other rescues – how can we say no.”
In the case of Lulu's Locker Rescue, they've added one of the foster homes from Purrs from the Heart to their program. Lulu's focuses on FIV positive cats (and black cats and dogs) and that particular home had taken in an FIV positive kitty from Purrs. The organization says they are still pulling from CACC and can do more with more fosters.
Hard decisions
The inability to say no by Purrs from the Heart is also part the problem here. Throughout the summer, Purrs from the Heart took in many very sick cats and kittens that needed to be bottle fed - both are a strain on resources even for well established organizations. Although it may be difficult to turn down a cat in need, rescue organizations and shelters make decisions every day based on their capabilities. It's often a difficult call to make.
“We are in the same boat with our Community Cats Program. We get dozens of request for assistance daily and we have to reassess our project lists continuously to prioritize the most urgent requests,” says Schlueter from Tree House. “Normally, we address the situations in where there are sick kittens or the kittens are of the age where they need to be trapped quickly in order to meet that window of time when socialization is still a realistic option. Of course, we also prioritize cat colonies that have been threatened or ones that don't have a caretaker. Or, even if they do have a caretaker but that person is overwhelmed and not really able to provide sufficient food or shelter for them.”
Other effects on rescue
The greater Chicago-area is blessed with many dedicated cat rescues, most of which work very hard to not get in the same situation at Purrs from the Heart. Hopefully as these groups step up, more people will donate to help their work and also volunteer to help with fostering and caring for the cats in need. It would be terrible if the bad deeds of one group undermined the efforts of so many other organizations.
Maybe the most chilling effect of this case could involve changes that may come down the pike at CACC. Nationally, 7 in 10 cats that enter open access shelters are euthanized for lack of space. Great strides have been made by the all-volunteer transfer team at CACC to greatly improve those numbers in Chicago. (This group networks but doesn't have any authority on who pulls cats.)
Changes in the rules for the Homeward Bound program (the program that allows groups to pull from CACC) will most likely be on the horizon. What remains to be seen is how that will affect the many good and responsible groups that pull from the facility every day. As for Purrs from the Heart, a statement on their website says they are closing down effect December 31.
Fill in the box below to subscribe to my feed. Do you have Gmail? If so, make sure you go into your “promotions” box and drag one of my emails over to your “primary” box. That way, you'll never miss one of my posts!
You may reach me at kathypetexam@gmail.com and find me at on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+.
Contemporary accounts played the story as a Man vs. Machine battle, the quick wits of a human versus the brute computing power of a supercomputer. But Tinsley and Schaeffer both agreed: This was a battle between two men, each having prepared and tuned a unique instrument to defeat the other. Having been so dominant against humans for so long, Tinsley seemed to thrill at finally having some entity that could give him a real game. He had volunteered to play friendly matches against the computer in the run-up to their two world championship matches. And Schaeffer, though he was a bull-headed young man, had become the most effective promoter of Tinsley's prowess and legacy.
But there, in that hall, a quirk of human development was troubling Tinsley. His stomach hurt. The pain was keeping him up all night. After six games—all draws—he needed to see a doctor. Schaeffer took him to the hospital. He left with Maalox. But the next day, an X-ray revealed there was a lump on his pancreas. Tinsley understood his fate.
He withdrew. Chinook became the first computer program in history to win a human world championship. But Schaeffer was crushed. He'd devoted years of his life to creating a program that could beat the best checkers player ever, and just as he was about to realize this dream, Tinsley quit. Seven months later, Tinsley died, never having truly lost a match to Chinook.
And that would lead Schaeffer to undertake a 13-year computational odyssey to exorcise the man's ghost. With Tinsley gone, the only way to prove that Chinook could have beaten the man was to beat the game itself. The results would be published July 19, 2007, in Science with the headline: Checkers Is Solved.
“From the end of the Tinsley saga in '94–'95 until 2007, I worked obsessively on building a perfect checkers program,” Schaeffer told me. “The reason was simple: I wanted to get rid of the ghost of Marion Tinsley. People said to me, ‘You could never have beaten Tinsley because he was perfect.' Well, yes, we would have beaten Tinsley because he was only almost perfect. But my computer program is perfect.”
* * *
Jonathan Schaeffer did not begin his career intending to solve checkers. He was a chess player, first. Good, not great. But he also loved computers—and had done a Ph.D. in computer science, so he decided to build a chess-playing program. He called it Phoenix and it was one of the better chess programs of many that were created in the 1980s. In 1989, he “crashed and burned” at the World Computer Chess Championships, however. At the same time, the team that would form DeepBlue, the chess software that would eventually defeat Kasparov, was coming together. Schaefer realized he would never build the world computer champion.
A colleague suggested that perhaps he should try checkers, and thrillingly, with just a few months of work, his software was good enough to bring to the Computer Olympiad in London to compete against other checkers-playing bots. And it was there that he began to hear about Marion Tinsley, the great.
What we know:
New News: Not a peep since JordanCon back in April at which we learnt the following:
Related News: A few weeks ago it was reported Amazon were looking for the next "Game of Thrones". Well Variety has reported " Amazon Increases Production Spending for 2018, Developing Three New Sci-Fi Series ".
Amazon also has in production “Carnival Row,” a fantasy noir series which stars Orlando Bloom and Cara Delevigne and is partnering with BBC on "Good Omens".
Given all that, Narg opines that Wheel of Time most likely won't be landing at Amazon anytime soon if at all.
General Wheel of Time News
Ta'veren Tees has a new offering
This 11x14 print will transport you back to a simpler time, when an old gleeman spun fanciful tales for the simple village of Emond's Field - and may also remind you of the importance of stories.
r/wot member WrenTronic put to together some Amazon wishlists for peeps who want to dress up as Rand al'Thor or Mat. There's some neat stuff on them.
Quote of the Week
Another r/wot member just finished summarizing all 14 books of WoT over on YouTube. He's easy on the eye for those that need eye candy, plus he speaks good, like Narg.... Here's the first one to sample.
It has long been my desire that PCPartPicker be able to contribute to people in need. Not just help to build a computer, but much more fundamental and significant needs such as access to clean, safe drinking water. If you are building your own computer, the odds are high that you have quick and easy access to clean water. Many people in developing countries are not so fortunate.
I've had many people ask if they can buy PCPartPicker t-shirts or stickers. I am pleased to announce that I am now selling PCPartPicker shirts, and that 100% of the proceeds benefit charity. I have chosen to support Charity:Water, a non-profit organization that provides clean, safe drinking water to people in developing countries. PCPartPicker will also contribute an additional $10 for each shirt, up to the first 200 sold. Stickers are on order, and should be available for sale in roughly a week. As with the t-shirts, 100% of the proceeds from sticker sales will be donated to charity.
You can find all of the PCPartPicker merchandise at the new PCPartPicker store. I am extremely excited to open it up, knowing that with your help we will be changing lives for many people in need.
Paralyzed Man Stands and Walks after Doctors Implant Spinal Cord Stimulator
In July of 2006, Rob Summers suffered a spinal cord neck injury referred to as a C7-T1 subluxation after a motor vehicle accident. The injury left him paralyzed from the chest down. At the time of the injury, he was a junior baseball player at Oregon State University and pitched for his team in a championship season. Despite almost 3 years of extensive physical rehabilitation, Mr. Summers remained paralyzed without the ability to move his legs although he did retain the ability to feel the sensation of touch. In December of 2009, researchers from the University of California at Los Angeles and the University of Louisville implanted an electrical stimulator into the spinal cord of Mr. Summers. In the first few weeks after the surgery, Mr. Summers was able to stand from a seated position, and take steps on a treadmill with some assistance. The results are unprecedented for the field of spinal cord injuries and hopefully marks a new era of treatment advancements. Prior to this advancement, medical scientists had been able to use electrical stimulation to produce minor movements of muscles in spinal cord injury patients. This is the first time that the use of electrical stimulation has been able to allow a patient to stand and take steps with assistance. Mr. Summers can also perform fine movements of his toes, ankles, knees, and hips. The muscle function that Mr. Summers has regained occurs only when the electrical stimulator is active. Over a two year period, the doctors have use trial and error to establish the exact combination of electrical stimulation and position to produce these results. In Mr. Summers' case, the electrical stimulation has apparently re-activated nerve circuits that have remained intact despite the spinal cord injury. The research was recently published online in the British journal The Lancet, and was funded by The National Institutes of Health and the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation. The authors of the study caution that this is the first time these results have been obtained, and more research needs to be performed in order to establish which spinal cord injury patients will be able to benefit from this treatment. The researchers are estimating that about 10-15% of spinal cord injury patients may see similar results. This truly is a remarkable advancement, and hopefully marks an era of future gains for the field of spinal cord injury research.
See the YouTube Video about Rob Summers below:
Reference:
Susan Harkema et. al. “Effect of epidural stimulation of the lumbosacral spinal cord on voluntary movement, standing, and assisted stepping after motor complete paraplegia: a case study” The Lancet, Early Online Publication, 20 May 2011 doi:10.1016/S0140-6736(11)60547-3
Photo: AFP/Getty Images
I made 1 login page, 2 pages to control the lights and 1 page to see what lights are on or off.
You can connect to the site with the following apipa: 169.254.1.1:8080
The first picture shows the login page, this is necessary so not everyone is able to turn your lights on and off. I used the user 'webuser' with the password 'lightz'. But if you click on register you can make new users if you have the register code that is displayed on the prototype (you can change this in the code to whatever you like).
The second picture shows the overview, the red dots mean the light is turned off. If a light is turned on you will see a green dot.
The third picture shows the page to control each light individually, you can put a light on or off or you can turn all lights on or off, this feature is good if you are leaving the house and you only have to press one button to turn off all lights.
The fourth picture shows the page to setup some timers or periods to turn lights on. The first option allows you to select a light and give it a time to turn on the light and a time to turn it off again without you doing anything. The second option allows you to turn on a light a given time and turn off when that time is over.
All the code for this project can be found on my Github.
The larger share of credit for the surprise, quarter percentage point rate cut to 7.5 percent announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday morning should go to finance minister Arun Jaitely than to governor Raghuram Rajan.
The RBI has largely reciprocated to the budget promises of Jaitely on fiscal consolidation, besides demonstrating its readiness to act under the proposed new monetary policy framework.
The stage was already set for a rate cut post the union budget, which largely promised fiscal prudence, but most economists had factored in the rate cut to come on 7 April since the February retail inflation numbers, due later this month, would offer a convincing picture on the inflation, especially food prices.
The trigger for Rajan's surprise move, thus, has obviously come from the government. The evidence lies in the explanation Rajan has offered to cut rates, this time. There are four major reasons he has highlighted.
First, “The government has emphasized its desire to clean up legacy issues which gave a misleading picture of the true extent of fiscal rectitude, and has also moderated the optimism in its projections. To this extent, the true quantum of fiscal consolidation may be higher than in the headline numbers.'
Second, “Also, the government is transferring a significantly larger amount to the states, without entirely devolving responsibility for funding central programmes. To the extent that state budget deficits narrow, the general fiscal deficit will be lowed”.
Third, “Furthermore, supported by lower international energy prices, there is a welcome intent to shift from spending on subsidies to spending on infrastructure, and to better target and further reduce subsidies through direct transfers."
Fourth, “the central government has signed a memorandum with the Reserve Bank setting out clear inflation objectives for the latter. This makes explicit what was implicit before – that the government and the Reserve Bank have common objectives and that fiscal and monetary policy will work in a complementary way.”
Under this, a joint monetary policy committee comprising RBI and government officials and external experts will set the inflation target. The government has already set a target of 4 percent for fiscal year 2017.
Finally, Rajan says: “In sum, then, the government intends to compensate for the delay in fiscal consolidation with a commitment to an improvement in the quality of adjustment.”
One could argue that it is a bit early to buy the government's promise on ‘quality” of fiscal consolidation since the roadmap laid out in the budget carries multiple favourable assumptions such as lower crude prices, the government's own ability to roll out a successful disinvestment programme and the state of banking system in the country.
What is more surprising is that Rajan himself didn't sound very convincing until recently about a full victory over inflation. To be sure, the consumer price index (CPI) inflation stood at 5.11 per cent, at kissing distance of the 6 percent upper limit projected under the agreement signed between RBI and finance ministry.
It was just a day before, Rajan himself said RBI is not in a position to cut rates “very quickly” as the inflation still remains high.
“Our problem is: we also have high inflation, we cannot cut interest rates very quickly to the bone in order to tell those countries -don't come here expecting high interest rates," the RBI governor said, addressing students in Mumbai on Monday.
Then why this cut today? As mentioned above, the primary push is from the government, which is increasingly worried about the faltering growth on the ground, something that doesn't correlate with the image of a high-growth momentum in the economy the Narendra Modi–government is attempting to paint.
Rajan himself acknowledged the growth concerns as a reason for acting before the policy.
“The still weak state of certain sectors of the economy as well as the global trend towards easing suggests that any policy action should be anticipatory once sufficient data support the policy stance. Second, with the release of the agreement on the monetary policy framework, it is appropriate for the Reserve Bank to offer guidance on how it will implement the mandate,” Rajan said.
The growth across cores sectors has slumped as reflected in the recent data. There are no signs of strong revival as yet. The latest core sector growth numbers and HSBC PMI numbers corroborate this fact.
The PMI numbers released on Monday suggested the country's manufacturing activities in February fell the lowest in five months on account of low output and absence of fresh orders. The index fell to 51.2 per cent from 52.9 per cent recorded in the previous month.
A look at the growth pattern of January core sector industries tell a similar tale. Out of the eight core sectors, only two — fertilisers and steel sector — showed some growth.
Growth in all other sectors dropped with natural gas registering the sharpest fall of 6.6 percent in January compared with a fall of 3.5 percent in December.
Growth in electricity and cement sectors slumped to 2.7 percent and 0.5 percent as against a growth of 3.7 percent and 3.8 percent in the preceding month, respectively. Growth in coal production plunged to a ten-month low of 1.7 per cent, even though that can be attributed to the current restructuring in the industry.
As Firstpost has argued earlier, the medicine for faltering economy cannot come from the RBI rate cut but it should trigger by higher public investment by the government.
Banks, which have been reluctant to cut their base rates, or minimum lending rates, even after the rate signals form RBI in January, might go for some amount of rate cuts this time. But any significant reduction is unlikely given that business situation hasn't improved on the ground and banks are neck-deep in bad loans.
As the economic survey pointed out, the task of regaining the lost momentum in the economy is with the government, not with the central bank. That said, today's rate cut can surely act as a sentiment booster.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Coupons and Promo Codes for Stores
Savvy shoppers know that paying full price can almost always be avoided, which is why we've collected discounts, deals and coupon codes for your favorite stores and e-retailers all in one place. Since most retailers offer store-wide and item-specific sales and coupons daily, these deals could mean huge savings for you. Whether you're looking for printable coupons to use in store or discount codes for online shopping, saving money is as easy as checking out the coupon page for your preferred store and browsing through the available deals. You can find discounts at hundreds of stores on everything from the latest tech gadgets and gifts for the family to grocery store essentials and entertainment. We've done the heavy lifting of finding the best coupons and discounts out there, now it's up to you to shop smart and save big.
Ned Ludd, Leader of the Luddites, 1812 Engraving of1812
Ned Ludd, possibly born Edward Ludlam,[1][2] is the person from whom, it is popularly claimed, the Luddites took their name.
In 1779, Ludd is supposed to have broken two stocking frames in a fit of rage. After this incident, attacks on the frames were jokingly blamed on Ludd. When the "Luddites" emerged in the 1810s, his identity was appropriated to become the folkloric character of Captain Ludd, also known as King Ludd or General Ludd, the Luddites' alleged leader and founder.
History [ edit ]
Supposedly, Ludd was a weaver from Anstey, near Leicester, England. In 1779, either after being whipped for idleness[3] or after being taunted by local youths,[4] he smashed two knitting frames in what was described as a "fit of passion".[5][6] This story is traceable to an article in The Nottingham Review on 20 December 1811, but there is no independent evidence of its truth. John Blackner's book History of Nottingham, also published in 1811, provides a variant tale, of a lad called "Ludnam" who was told by his father, a framework-knitter, to "square his needles". Ludnam took a hammer and "beat them into a heap".[7] News of the incident spread, and whenever frames were sabotaged, people would jokingly say "Ned Ludd did it".[5][6]
By 1812, organised frame-breakers became known as Luddites, using the name King Ludd or Captain Ludd for their mythical leader. Letters and proclamations were signed by "Ned Ludd".[5]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
The character of Ned Ludd is commemorated in the folk ballad "General Ludd's Triumph." Chumbawamba recorded a version of this song on their 2003 release, English Rebel Songs 1381–1984 .
. Robert Calvert wrote and recorded another song "Ned Ludd," which appeared on his 1985 album Freq; which includes the lyrics:
They said Ned Ludd was an idiot boy
That all he could do was wreck and destroy, and
He turned to his workmates and said: Death to Machines
They tread on our future and they stamp on our dreams.
Steeleye Span's 2006 album Bloody Men has a five-part section on the subject of Ned Ludd.
has a five-part section on the subject of Ned Ludd. The Heaven Shall Burn song "The Final March" has a direct reference to Captain Ludd.
Alt-country band The Gourds affectionately refer to Ned Ludd as "Uncle Ned" in the song "Luddite Juice" off their 2009 release, Haymaker . [8]
. The Scottish folk musician Alasdair Roberts sings of Ned Ludd in his song "Ned Ludd's Rant (For World Rebarbarised)" on his 2009 album, Spoils.
San Diego punk band The Night Marchers included a song called "Ned Lud" on their 2013 release "Allez, Allez."
Literature [ edit ]
Edmund Cooper's alternative-history The Cloud Walker is set in a world where the Luddite ethos has given rise to a religious hierarchy which dominates English society and sets carefully prescribed limits on technology. A hammer – the tool supposedly used by Ned Ludd – is a religious symbol, and Ned Ludd is seen as a divine, messianic figure.
is set in a world where the Luddite ethos has given rise to a religious hierarchy which dominates English society and sets carefully prescribed limits on technology. A hammer – the tool supposedly used by Ned Ludd – is a religious symbol, and Ned Ludd is seen as a divine, messianic figure. The Fall of the Gas-Lit Empire , a steam-punk trilogy by Rod Duncan describes a hypothetical world nearly 200 years after a successful Luddite revolution. The powerful and corrupt International Patent Office controls and restricts technological progress and Ned Ludd is given a similar status to Henry Ford in Brave New World .
, a steam-punk trilogy by Rod Duncan describes a hypothetical world nearly 200 years after a successful Luddite revolution. The powerful and corrupt International Patent Office controls and restricts technological progress and Ned Ludd is given a similar status to Henry Ford in . The novel The Monkey Wrench Gang (1975), by Edward Abbey, is dedicated to Ned Ludd.
(1975), by Edward Abbey, is dedicated to Ned Ludd. Anne Finger wrote a collection of short stories titled Call Me Ahab about famous disabled historical and literary figures, which included the story "Our Ned" about Ned Ludd.
about famous disabled historical and literary figures, which included the story "Our Ned" about Ned Ludd. Ecodefense: A Field Guide To Monkeywrenching was published by Ned Ludd Books. Much of the content came from the "Dear Ned Ludd" column in the newsletter of the group Earth First!.
was published by Ned Ludd Books. Much of the content came from the "Dear Ned Ludd" column in the newsletter of the group Earth First!. In the comic book series Superman Unchained , a terrorist group called Ascension that opposes modern technology uses the image of Ludd in their broadcasts. [9]
, a terrorist group called Ascension that opposes modern technology uses the image of Ludd in their broadcasts. The Luddites were the inspiration for the play The Machine Breakers (Die Maschinenstürmer) by the German playwright Ernst Toller (1893-1939).
Television [ edit ]
In NBC's The Blacklist, episode 8 of season 1, an activist network that plans an attack on the US financial system is led by a man who calls himself General Ludd.
Games [ edit ]
In Sarah Northway's Rebuild: Gangs of Deadsville one of the factions is a group called The Luddies led by a man dubbed King Ludd Owen. The group is described as "part hippie, part luddite" and is an obvious reference to Ned Ludd and his luddites.
See also [ edit ]
President Obama maintains a 17-point advantage over Mitt Romney among voters under age 30, according to a new national poll released Tuesday. And as with older voters, the economy is the primary issue of concern for “millennials.”
“Young people don't have a separate set of special-interest points that have to be ticked off,” said Peter Levine, director of the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning & Engagement (CIRCLE), which conducted the survey for the Youth Education Fund. “It has more to do with whether you reach them or not.”
Mr. Obama racked up huge margins with the youngest voters in his history-making run in 2008, but there have been persistent questions whether he can duplicate the enthusiasm and turnout among new voters this time around.
CIRCLE polled the same group of 1,109 Americans aged 18-29 in June and July and again between Oct. 12 and Oct. 23. Mr. Obama is ahead 52 percent to 35 percent among likely voters in this age bracket, with 8.8 percent undecided and the rest planning to vote for someone else. The margin of error was calculated at +/- 4.2 percentage points.
These results were on track with a poll released last week from the Institute of Politics at Harvard University, which showed Mr. Obama with a 19 percentage point lead among young people.
But the CIRCLE survey suggested America's youngest voters are continuing to engage late in the race. Those stating they are “extremely” likely to vote is up 9.9 percent from July, and may have even risen since Harvard's findings just a few weeks earlier.
Only 48 percent of young people told Harvard pollsters they would definitely vote this time around — a steep downward trend from the historic 66 percent youth voter turnout in 2008.
But 54.6 percent of millennials surveyed by CIRCLE said they were “extremely likely” to vote in November.
“Their interest and engagement has risen rapidly in the past months,” Mr. Levine said.
This could be symptomatic of campaign strategies rather than voter apathy. By October, only 15.1 percent said they had been contacted by either candidate's party — up just 3 points from July. Most of those contacted heard from Mr. Obama's campaign.
Meanwhile, support for Mr. Romney is slightly down — from 36.9 percent to 35.1 percent. Some 59.7 percent of younger voters say they are disappointed or angry with the candidate, and only 9.4 percent said they admired him.
“Both campaigns, to their credit, have done a great job of reaching out to young people,” said Alexandra Acker-Lyons, director of the Youth Engagement Fund. “But from both sides, we're not seeing the same level of investment in young voters versus other electorates like women.”
The 18- to 29-year-old age group is a quarter of the total voting constituency this year, and by 2020 will make up a third. Failure to connect with this generation could spell trouble for both parties.
Defying the stereotypical youth response of apathy and disinterest, millennials have a strong sense of community involvement. 72.6 percent said young people have the power to change things — marking a shift from “Gen X” cynicism toward government institutions, Ms. Acker-Lyons said.
“Politicians will really ignore this group at their own peril,” she said. “They have the numbers and the will and the engagement to really wreak havoc on the current political system and shake things up.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Are school prizegivings fair?
A Massey University education researcher says no – it sometimes depends on who you know.
But school principals around Christchurch disagree, saying awarding prizes is tough work, especially when eager pupils and well-meaning parents place great importance on a trophy haul.
Massey University researcher Jenny Poskitt has studied prizegivings and experienced them as a pupil, parent and board of trustees member.
"You see, for example, that with parents who are involved in education, or might be heavily involved in voluntary work such as PTA [Parent-Teacher Association], the probability of their students gaining prizes increases," she said.
However, high-achieving pupils might be more likely to have highly engaged parents – the kind who sit on a board of trustees or join the PTA.
Schools should be up front on the prizes process to avoid "conspiracy theories" Poskitt said.
Former Lincoln High School principal Linda Tame said parents occasionally raised issues about award recipients but being seen to be fair avoided problems.
You've got to be seen to be fair."
Christ's College headmaster Simon Leese said the school avoided surprises by notifying award winners in advance.
"We do the same with sports colours. No awards are announced until those left out have been seen and decisions explained."
All principals The Press spoke to agreed prizegiving length was an issue. The shorter, the better. Horror anecdotes about interminable four-hour ceremonies were incentive enough to be brief.
"I dealt with that by not having a guest speaker," former Christchurch Girls' High School principal Prue Taylor said.
"That way – this sounds absolutely terrible – I could control the prizegiving."
Prizegivings, which included the entire school, ran a little more than two hours under Taylor's watch.
Tame kept them to three hours, including a half-hour break.
"Keep the speeches short," she said. "No-one wants to listen to them.
NAVIGATING THE PRIZEGIVING MINEFIELD
Love or loathe them, if you have children or grandchildren, there's no escaping them.
And school prizegivings are becoming, at some schools, patience-sapping exercises in endurance - some lasting close to four hours - held in special hired venues.
Prizegivings are used as a celebration of a school's success - the success of its students, its teachers, its culture.
But what about prizegivings' dark side. The jealousies, the disappointments, the bitterness.
One parent told me her daughter was almost hysterical and couldn't sleep after two of her friends won a prize and she didn't, even though there was very little between them in terms of achievement. She and her daughter thought the decision was so unfair they made a formal complaint to the school's principal.
Winning prizes isn't always the thrill you'd expect either. Some pupils win a science prize and complain they didn't win the maths prize; win a music prize but desperately wish they'd won a sports prize.
Kiwis are well trained in not crowing about success, or showing their disappointment or jealousies, but you can bet that among the people leaving prizegivings around the nation's schools between now and Christmas, there will be a great swirl of conflicting emotions.
Some students and parents will feel elated, some crushed. Some will feel uplifted by the display of school talent and spirit, others will be numbed by boredom. Some will feel jealous, and some may even feel embarrassed - either by too much success or not enough. And there will be plenty trying to work out the politics of it all - why did X win the prize as opposed to Y?
A question then emerges: Do prizegivings encourage student achievement? Does missing out on a prize encourage students to strive harder or do feelings of disappointment or even injustice result in less motivation?
Massey University education researcher Jenny Poskitt says the crucial thing is how clear a school is about the criteria used for awards.
"The advice I'd give is that schools make sure their criteria for prizes are clearcut, transparent and open. It can be difficult when prizes are a little nebulous - the best all-rounder, for example. On what basis is that awarded? The weighting of the mix of academic/sports should be clear to parents and students. That's when it's motivating: when they can see the criteria are clear and fair for everybody. It becomes demotivating, and people become suspicious, when the criteria are not clear and decisions seem arbitrary."
Over her years involved in education as a student, a parent, a board of trustees member and researcher, Poskitt has been to many prizegivings. And she has talked to many students and parents from different schools around the country.
On the whole, she thinks that prizegivings score highly for achieving what they're supposed to do: celebrate excellence within a school, whether academic, sporting or cultural.
But there is a pattern she's noticed that's less positive.
"You see, for example, that with parents who are involved in education - teaching at school or on boards of trustees - or who have a fair bit of financial, business or time investment in the school, or might be heavily involved in voluntary work such as PTA, the probability of their students gaining prizes increases.
"Those sorts of patterns are in all parts of New Zealand, not just one particular type of school; it does happen. That's why it's so important that schools are upfront about how those decisions are made. Then you don't give rise to those conspiracy theories about who gets prizes and why.
"If you want to motivate and inspire kids to strive for excellence in all endeavours, they need to perceive that it's fair, need to know what the game is and how to play it, to be inspired. If it's not fair, or they don't know how to get it, then it's not going to motivate them."
Poskitt says prizegivings are a great opportunity for schools to showcase their values and the multiple talents at the school.
Songs, dance, music, haka, video clips - there are all sorts of things schools do to make the events interesting.
Prizegivings shouldn't drag on forever though. "You don't want to be going beyond three hours." If a prizegiving is going to be particularly long, she suggests letting people know beforehand; that way they can decide in advance whether to take younger siblings along, and pace themselves during the event.
Some schools have separate junior and senior prizegivings. And some schools have ceremonies that are for prizewinners and their families only - often because school halls can accommodate only a certain number of people.
While Poskitt says there's an upside to prizewinner-only events in that "it protects some of your more vulnerable students who might be disappointed", she worries at the loss of a chance to motivate.
"It's only when you attend a prizegiving that you realise the range of prizes that are up for grabs." Knowing what's available can plant seeds of ambition to win one of those prizes.
It's also important for lessons about winning and losing.
"Everyone is going to encounter disappointments in life; everyone has to learn to cope with that; many of the top sportspeople of the world will say they have lost more games and had more disappointments than wins and rewards."
Poskitt says steps can be taken to soften the blow of disappointment for students who might reasonably have expected to win a top prize. Some schools will have a meeting with affected students before a prizegiving to explain why they haven't won an award. If schools don't want to give advance warning, then they could make some form of counselling or support available for those who really struggle with their disappointment afterwards, she says.
And then there's the more subtle, but widely used tactic, of alerting parents in advance of prizegivings that their child will win an award, but not the details of the award.
So if it's close to a prizegiving date, and you haven't heard from anyone at the school that you really should make an effort to attend, then that's a fairly reliable indicator there won't be any awards coming your child's way.
At least, not this year.
A CHANCE TO ENCOURAGE AND CELEBRATE
The Press emailed a range of school principals asking for their thoughts on prizegivings. The three principals who responded were Simon Leese from Christ's College, John Rohs from Aranui High School and Phil Holstein from Riccarton High School.
Simon Leese, Christ's College headmaster:
What role do you consider prizegivings play within your school?
They are an important opportunity to celebrate success and service - we have academic work, sport, community service, service to the school all recognised at the same time.
Do prizegivings encourage student achievement?
I believe they do - by deliberately not focusing exclusively on any one aspect of a full and balanced education. The awards build towards the awards for service - a strong emphasis. The prizegivings provide recognition - but are not the prime motivator. That comes from recognition structures embedded in the school.
Is there a downside to prizegivings in terms of jealousies or feelings of being excluded?
Interesting question. But no. We are very careful to emphasise shared ambition and achievement, and respecting the talents and abilities of others. The "tall poppy" business is (I believe) completely absent, thank goodness. We have had many occasions where individuals have had their minor accomplishments applauded as energetically as the highest achievers in academia, or apart. The boys know they could all be up there for something - if they want to be.
Of course, we celebrate achievements each week in assembly. Prizegivings are an extension of that, and are generally seen as such.
How common is it for parents to complain if they are not happy about the outcome of the prizegiving?
Another good question. It never happens to us. We deliberately don't have "surprises" on the day - all awardees know in advance. That way, anyone who may have thought they were in line for an award (or parents of) can be familiar with the process and the decision in advance. We do the same with sports colours (always keenly pursued) - no awards are announced until those left out have been seen and decisions explained.
John Roh, Aranui High School principal:
Our school prizegiving is hugely important in contributing to our culture of achievement in the school. Students and whanau look forward to this event every year as it's the most important opportunity for students to be recognised in front of the whole community - peers, parents and wider whanau and staff. It's also a great opportunity for students to share their creative talents as most schools will use these occasions to showcase their performing group - choirs, bands, kapa haka etc.
Phil Holstein, Riccarton High School principal:
Phil Holstein says he and his staff have given a lot of thought to prizegivings and recognising student achievement because it's important to get it right.
Holstein says end-of-year prizegivings are just one element of a network of ceremonies held throughout the year to recognise and celebrate student success.
While service, effort, improvement and performance are recognised during the year, the end-of-year senior prizegiving is about celebrating excellence.
Holstein agrees that yes, it can be hard when one person is recognised for an award that maybe 10 others could have won. But such disappointments are part of life, he says. And as long as the school is transparent and able to defend the decisions made, based on clear criteria, there shouldn't be an issue.
Holstein says prizegivings can often be long, so he has decided his speech should be only five minutes.
He says prizegivings can be "quite an emotional thing".
Hey, I haven't heard much about plans for a renovated Phoenix Suns arena lately. Why haven't I been hearing about that?
You haven't heard much about this deal because it's being hammered out behind closed doors.
Oh, thanks, KPNX-TV! And thanks also for reporting on this, even though there's nobody making press statements about it, which I know is the main way journalism happens these days. So what's the scoop?
A source familiar with the project says a proposed overhaul of the 25-year-old city-owned arena could cost close to a half-billion dollar, with taxpayers picking up more than half the bill.
Oho, so we have someone making not-for-attribution press statements about this! Also, “more than $250 million in taxpayer money” is a hell of a lot, especially for just a damn renovation to an existing arena.
Both of the leading candidates in next year's Phoenix mayoral election seem to agree, with Kate Gallego issuing a statement that “it is not in Phoenix's best interest to invest in an arena,” while her opponent Daniel Valenzuela chimed in, “For too long, taxpayers have been expected to foot the bill for sports venues. This practice must stop now.”
Of course, neither of these statements is a guarantee that as mayor they wouldn't support any kind of arena subsidies — or, for that matter, that current mayor Greg Stanton couldn't sign off on a deal before he leaves office a year and change from now. But “things aren't going any better for Suns owner Robert Sarver's arena subsidy demands at the city level than they did in the state legislature” is probably a pretty fair takeaway, at least until the city council finishes meeting behind closed doors and we can get a public statement of some kind.
Abertay University
Abertay University, in Dundee, Scotland, is a modern university with a global outlook, rooted in its local and national communities. In 2013 we marked the 125th anniversary of our foundation as an institution dedicated to supporting science, industry and the professions with a distinctive interdisciplinary and multi-disciplinary approach to teaching, research and knowledge exchange. Abertay University is home of undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes in games, digital arts, cybersecurity and applied computer science.
Abertay was the first university in the world to offer degrees Ethical Hacking, and the University continues to be recognised as an international leader in its field. The University has long-established professional links with the United Kingdom thriving cybersecurity community. Abertay University is also home to the largest Student run Cyber-Security Conference in the United-Kingdom.
Project Description
The Internet of Things (IoT) is expected to become a transformative technology that offers end-users the capability of sensing, actuating and improved communications. By 2020, 50 billions objects are expected to be connected, collect and exchange data. This will lead to significant improvements for Vehicular technologies, Health, Manufacturing (Industry 3.0), Farming, Energy Management, etc.
Computational intelligence approaches, examples of which include evolutionary computation, immune-inspired approaches, and swarm intelligence, are employed to develop scalable machine learning Intrusion Detection Systems.
In this project we will build and expand on existing research activities on Intrusion Detection within the Security Research Group and the Machine Learning Group at Abertay University and would aim to identify security risks in IoT networks and develop a machine learning (Deep Learning, Generative Adversarial Networks) methods for their mitigation.
In this project we will collaborate with Middlesex University (Mauritius Campus). The project is aimed at solving real world problems for the student to gain experience working with industry.
The ideal student would have an interest in Wireless communications protocols, Linux configuration, and GPU Programming (CUDA) as well as
A strong background in computing and mathematics (an understanding of machine learning is highly desirable).
An ability to programme in a high-level computing language (such as Python, C or C++) and/or experience with Matlab (or similar).
An interest in Security and Privacy applications and research (a background in Security is desirable, but not essential).
Good numerical and verbal communication skills.
This PhD studentship provides a package valued at around £75,000. This includes a fully funded tax free stipend of £14,296 per year over 3 and a half years, and tuition fees, travel and equipment.
The Abertay Graduate School
Abertay's PhD students are located in the Abertay Graduate School ( here) and have access to our dedicated study and social spaces – a forum in which you can meet, work and learn with other researchers and postgraduates from across the University. We provide training and professional development opportunities to our postgraduate community, and offer help with funding applications, placement opportunities, teaching support, public engagement and outreach activity.
You will be expected to undertake limited teaching duties of no more than 70 hours a year, typically providing support to academic staff in computing laboratories. We provide training on this activity and it is a valuable part of career development.
Entry requirements
A related Masters level qualification is desirable but not essential, but candidates must have, or expect to obtain a first class or upper second-class honours degree in a relevant discipline as detailed above. Applicants who are non-native speakers of English, the University requires IELTS of 6.5 (with no band less than 6.5) or an equivalent qualification accepted by the Home Office.
The Studentships are available for an October 2017 start for a period of up to 3.5 years.
The opening date for submission is 0800 on Monday 10 of June -- The closing date for submissions is 0800 on Monday 10 July 2017. Submissions after this date will not be considered. Interviews are likely to be held during the weeks 31 July – 11 August 2017.
Applicants should be submitting a personal statement of application detailing why you are interested in undertaking this project and a CV. (NOTE: Hirewire Only Allows you to submit one document, please merge your supporting documents and send a copy to x.bellekens [AT] abertay.ac.uk ).
If you are selected for interview you will be required to complete an online Research Student Application Form which includes the submission of a research proposal. Guidance on how to write the proposal can be found here , under 'how to apply'.
Contact
Applicants are also encouraged to contact Dr Xavier Bellekens () for advice on developing a proposal prior to submitting it.
There are more smiles around Matt Moulson's locker these days. Not a ton. Not as long as the team losses are piling up. But the forward has been able to breathe a little easier the first month of the season as his four power play goals ranked first in the NHL on Wednesday.
That's four goals in five games for Moulson who scored just eight goals in 81 games last year.
He credits his power play production to his unit, which includes Kyle Okposo, Sam Reinhart, Rasmus Ristolainen and Ryan O'Reilly.
"I don't think those chances come without the guys that we have on there," Moulson said. "We seem to work well as a unit, kind of in sync and supporting each other and creating opportunities. I've just been the beneficiary of a couple nice plays."
Sabres coach Dan Bylsma said he's seen where Moulson can be good for the team and the power play in his early-season production.
"He's in and around the net, in the middle of the ice, good screen net-front but quick on the puck, quick on the shot," Bylsma said. "Every one of his goals has been because of him doing that for our power play."
The good start is a confidence boost for Moulson and helps point him in the direction of his goal.
"You definitely want to get off to a good start," Moulson said. "I want to win a Stanley Cup. That's what I want to do and I know I can help this team if I'm playing the way I need to play and the way I know I can play. I think that's where the work comes in, just making sure you're able to help this team win. That's all I want to do is win The Cup and any way I can help this team and right now it's hopefully scoring goals."
***
Goaltender Robin Lehner missed practice on Wednesday. It was uncertain if he would be available for Thursday's game against the Minnesota Wild in KeyBank Center.
"This is our fourth guy that's gotten ill and it's all kind of been about the same amount of time frame – about a two-day window that it's happened," Bylsma said. "So Robin's just a shade over those two days now and hopefully he'll start feeling better today. We'll see going forward in terms of him coming back to the ice."
***
Thursday's game will be the Sabres annual participation in Hockey Fights Cancer, a league-wide program to raise money and awareness for cancer research.
The Hockey Fights Cancer Package is available for $99 and includes two 300 Level II tickets and a Hockey Fights Cancer t-shirt. Additional t-shirts are available for $20.
Fans can buy autographed Hockey Fights Cancer hats for $20. Donated by New Era Cap Company, all proceeds will go to Roswell Park Cancer Institute. Also available will be raffle tickets to win Sabres experiences and autographed items.
A ceremonial puck drop will take place before the game and Roswell Park volunteers will be in the concourse to help fans fill out "I'm fighting for ___" towels to be held up during the second period.
An online auction at auctions.NHL.com will feature Sabres items and special warmup jerseys. The auction runs through 9 p.m. on Nov. 6 and benefits Roswell Park Cancer Institute.
Over the past five years, the Buffalo Sabres' Hockey Fights Cancer fund has donated $25,000 to Flashes of Hope, a non-profit organization dedicated to finding a cure for children's cancer. The organization will be set up from 5 to 6:30 p.m. near the elevators on the street level while members of Carly's Club will join other cancer patients from Roswell park in suits donated by the Sabres organization and players Brian Gionta, Ryan O'Reilly and Zach Bogosian. After the game, pediatric cancer patients will have the opportunity to meet with Sabres players in the team's locker room.
Robert Lewandowski criticizes Bavaria's restrained transfer policy Bayern Munich must adapt to survive, says its €80 million striker.
In a frank interview with the German magazine Spiegel, Bayern Munich's most valuable player, striker Robert Lewandowski openly criticized his club's reluctance to pay the price for elite talent on the current transfer market. He sees Bavaria in danger of falling behind its international competition:
Bayern has to come up with something new and be creative, if the club wants to keep luring world-class players to Munich. And if you want to keep up at the very highest level, you need these players' quality.
Bavaria's summer transfer window brought several surprises, but on a shoestring budget compared to the exorbitant sums spent elsewhere. Rather than the highly sought-after Alexis Sanchez - who ultimately remained at Arsenal - Bavaria brought former World Cup star James Rodriguez out of the blue from Real Madrid on a very favorable loan.
Bayern also may have broke the Bundesliga record for the most expensive transfer, but it did so with the surprise signing of Corentin Tolisso from Lyon for a reported €41.5 million. Even that, though, is not enough in Lewandowski's eyes:
To date, Bayern Munich has never paid a transfer fee over around €40 million for a player. In international soccer, that is an amount that now has long become the average rather than the maximum. And now the distance from the highest sums is really massive.
Lewandowski thus views it as inevitable that Bavaria ultimately adjusts to the new transfer market. The question then becomes how Bayern (and indeed the Bundesliga) can adapt and compete with clubs bankrolled by billionaires and even foreign states.
Effective regulation is one means of preserving competition in world soccer in Lewandowski's view. Echoing the remarks of Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge about Financial Fair Play, Lewandowski stated,
UEFA must closely investigate the mega-transfers of this summer and ultimately work together with FIFA to close loopholes in the rules.
He concluded that the “associations [must] devise rules so that the market does not run completely amok.” How or when that may happen is uncertain, whereas the reality of the present market confronts the club and the Bundesliga daily.
It is worth noting in conclusion that had Lewandowski not come to Bayern from Borussia Dortmund on a free transfer in 2014, the club very probably could not have afforded him at all. Signing him to a contract through 2021 looks more astute every day.
Google Inc's logo is seen at an office in Seoul in this May 3, 2011 file photograph. Google Inc will launch a mobile payment system on Thursday, in the latest bid to help consumers pay at the checkout with smartphones instead of traditional credit cards, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on May 24, 2011. REUTERS/Truth Leem/Files
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Google does not work with nor does it support Carrier IQ, the software maker which has been accused of violating millions of mobile phone users' privacy rights, Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said on Thursday.
Carrier IQ makes software that operators including AT&T and Sprint Nextel install in mobile devices. The software transmits data that Carrier IQ says allows mobile operators to better understand their devices and networks.
But it has come under fire following reports that its software collects and transmits potentially sensitive data about phone users.
Google's Android smartphone operating system has been associated with Carrier IQ after a hacking expert released a video on YouTube showing his Android-powered HTC running the software.
Schmidt said: “Android is an open platform, so it's possible for people to build software that's actually not very good for you, and this appears to be one.”
“It's a key-logger, and it actually does keep your keystrokes, and we certainly don't work with them and we certainly don't support it,” he told an Internet freedom conference in the Dutch city of The Hague.
Sometimes wonderful blog stories just write themselves, and fortunately for me today is one of those wonderful, unbelievable, glorious days -- it also is a sad day considering Sean is on vacation and probably would KILL this post.
After years of being the Doug Gottlieb of the college basketball world (for me it would be Colin Cowherd, but whatever), former Syracuse Orange guard Eric Devendorf will get his chance to be Doug Gottlieb. Like, for realz.
Better yet? Devendorf will get his shot to do so in the town that helped him develop his wonderful reputation for being a douche -- Syracuse!
According to Syracuse.com's Donna Ditota, Devo has been working out at Wayne State University in Detroit. Wanting to try radio, Devo reached out to Mike Bristol of ESPN CNY. Bristol, who hosts the Syracuse Legends show each Friday at 6 p.m., agreed to give Devo a chance and will allow him to co-host the show with Bristol and Damien Rhodes.
"I definitely like it," Devendorf said. "I'm trying to learn more about it and hopefully expand off it."
It is about this time in a post where I rehash Devendorf's career at SU, but I think your time is better spent imaging Devo Radio and what it will do to your soul.
1. In which year were the Cardinals founded? 1906 1897 1900 1898
2. Who holds the record for all time passing yards? Neil Lomax Jake Plummer Jim Hart Kurt Warner
3. Who holds the record for all time touchdowns? Roy Green Larry Fitzgerald Sonny Randle Jackie Smith
4. Who is the Arizona Cardinals the longest serving head coach (in terms of games)? Jim Hanifan Gene Stallings Ken Wisenhunt Don Coryell
5. How did the Cardinals finish the 2014 season? 10-6 8-8 12-4 11-5
6. Which was the last season the Cardinals contested the Super Bowl? 2009 2008 2007 2011
7. Who were the opponents the last time the Cardinals played in the Super Bowl? Pittsburgh Steelers New England Patriots Oakland Raiders Baltimore Ravens
8. How many NFC Conference Championships have the Cardinals won? 4 3 2 1
9. Who holds the record for all-time points scored for the Cardinals? Neil Rackers Jim Bakken Larry Fitzgerald Greg Davis
10. In which season did the Cardinals move to the University of Pheonix Stadium? 2006 2002 2005 2000
The power output of Mercedes-AMG upcoming A45 appears to have been revealed accidentally by a German insurance website.
HUK24, an online insurance provider, has stored powertrain specs in a drop-down list for the new range-topping A-Class, examples of which were registered for road use in Germany in December.
The details, although unconfirmed officially, reveal that there will be two different power outputs from the car's 2.0-litre turbocharged petrol engine. The 'base' model will produce 387PS (382bhp), while the flagship S variant makes 421PS (415bhp). Both will put their power down through all four-wheels, and are set to go on sale later this year.
The output of the standard model is already in excess of the 370bhp produced by the outgoing A45, with the top-spec car a full 45bhp more powerful. That should translate to 0-62mph of around four-seconds, and possibly less.
The video, which the German firm has called 'Not another Christmas video', showed an A45 in a bold multi-coloured disguise livery lapping a test track in Germany, and showed the car performing a series of powerslides.
While few official details of the range-topping A-Class have been revealed, Autocar has previously learned that it is set to have the highest specific output for a production engine in the world, eclipsing even the McLaren Senna's 789bhp V8.
AMG boss Tobias Moers told Autocar earlier this year that the A45 will get "well over 400bhp" from its new engine, which is expected to be an extensively re-engineered version of the current car's 2.0-litre unit.
The death of a state representative -- who apparently committed suicide Wednesday after being accused of molestation -- sent more shock waves through a Kentucky Statehouse already rocked by other sexual misconduct scandals.
State Rep. Dan Johnson, 57, appeared to have shot himself just days after a woman reportedly alleged that he had sexually assaulted her on New Year's Day in 2013 when she was 17, according to police and the local coroner. An autopsy was planned for Thursday.
The accusation against Johnson was published Monday by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting (KyCIR), which also cast doubt on the Republican's claim that he had set up a morgue at Ground Zero after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
According to KyCIR, Johnson forced himself on his accuser.
Johnson said at a news conference at his church Tuesday that the claim “absolutely has no merit,” before adding he was “very sorrowful” that his accuser was “in this dark place in her life.”
The former pastor who reportedly called himself the “pope” initially said that he did not remember what happened on the night in question because he had been “drugged” at a bar.
He later backtracked and said he did recall that he never entered the accuser's room, according to the Louisville Courier Journal.
Fiery Facebook post
On Wednesday, Johnson again denied the accusation in a fiery final Facebook post.
“The accusations from NPR are false GOD and only GOD knows the truth, nothing is the way they make it out to be,” Johnson apparently wrote. “AMERICA will not survive this type of judge and jury fake news. Conservatives take a stand. I LOVE GOD and I LOVE MY WIFE, who is the best WIFE in the world, My Love Forever!”
Johnson also wrote that post-traumatic stress disorder was “a sickness that will take my life, I cannot handle it any longer. It has won this life, BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME.”
After Johnson's death, Louisville Public Media, which oversees KyCIR, said it was “deeply sad” to learn of Johnson's death and would “grieve for his family, friends, church community and constituents.”
The episode unfolded less than two months after at least four Kentucky lawmakers, as well as the chief of staff to the state's House speaker, were linked by the Courier Journal to a confidential settlement of a sexual harassment claim by a female staff member.
The newspaper's report prompted Gov. Matt Bevin in November to call upon "every individual” in the Kentucky Statehouse involved in wrongdoing to resign.
Of the five individuals named by the Courier Journal, two have acknowledged some wrongdoing.
Rep. Brian Linder admitted to signing the settlement and apologized for causing “grief and embarrassment" and acknowledged that he had made "some mistakes," the Courier Journal reported.
'Saved by God's grace'
Jeff Hoover, Kentucky's Republican House speaker, resigned his leadership position shortly after news of the settlement broke.
He acknowledged in a news conference that he was “wrong” to send what he said was consensual text message “banter” to a female colleague.
“I have asked for and received forgiveness from God, my family, my wonderful wife, Karen, and my daughters,” Hoover said.
The Courier Journal published some of the text messages apparently sent by Hoover, who described himself on Twitter as a “Sinner saved by God's grace.”
“If you decided to send a photo of the black lace g string, I won't share. For my eyes only,” read one of the texts.
After Johnson's death, Hoover exhorted his followers on Twitter to treat accusations of misconduct with healthy skepticism.
“I am very sad over the passing of Rep. Dan Johnson,” Hoover tweeted. “Over the past few weeks in some of the darkest days of my life, he reached out to me, encouraged me, and prayed for me. Prayers for his wife, children, grandchildren and all affected by this sad event.
“In America, those accused of wrongdoing are presumed innocent until proven guilty. Persons posting accusations on social media as truth, and those who are self righteous and indignant over mere accusations must do better. Personal attacks don't have to be part of politics,” he continued.
In 2015, Thomas Clay, the lawyer who represented Hoover's accuser, won a $400,000 settlement for three women in a sexual harassment and retaliation case involving Kentucky House Democrats, the Courier Journal reported.
The women worked at the state Legislative Research Commission, a state agency that heads administrative functions in the Kentucky Statehouse.
Clay said at the time that he was “not optimistic” that the settlement would fix the culture at the state Capitol, WFPL reported.
“We still have the same people,” Clay said.
When 23-year-old Soheila was forced by her father to marry an older Afghan man, she ran away and married the man she loved. Her father tracked her down and dragged her back to Kabul where she was sentenced to six years in the women's prison – all despite being pregnant.
“Here I don't have a life. My child does not have a future. Life in prison is difficult. But if I go to be with my husband, my father will kill me,” Soheila told filmmakers of the Center for Investigative Reporting (CIR).
CIR's film offers a rare glimpse into the daily lives of Afghan women behind bars against a backdrop of rising violence. The center explains that the majority of women in Afghan prisons have committed what courts describe as moral crimes: refusing arranged marriages, running away from home, marrying without family consent and attempting adultery. Prisons, much like safe-houses established by NGOs, have emerged as one of the few places women can go to be safe.
On Tuesday, the United Nations published a report revealing a rising number of discrimination and domestic abuse cases among Afghan women, and this despite the 2009 Elimination of Violence Against Women law. Most of these incidents, the report says, remain under-reported because of "cultural restraints, social norms and religious beliefs," according to Reuters.
The report comes only a day after unknown gunmen fatally shot Nadia Sediqqi, acting head of the women's affairs department in Laghman province. Reuters reported that Sediqqi's predecessor Hanifa Safi was killed by a car bomb in July. Safi's family blamed the Taliban for the attack.
Most of the women's rights abuses in Afghanistan are seen as being rooted in the rampant illiteracy in the male-dominated country. Even so, Afghan women's rights lawyer Gol Ghutai tells CIR that the responsibility of Afghan society is not just to educate women on women's rights, but also to educate men.
According to Ghutai, Afghan law is not that much different from Western countries, but there is a marked discrepancy between the constitution and what is being practiced in Afghanistan.“For instance, if the husband disappears for more than three years, Afghan law says the wife can go to court and ask for divorce,” says Ghutai. “But according to Sharia law, a woman has to wait for her husband for 70 years. The judge will give his verdict with consideration to both Shari'a law and civil law.”
There will be no intimate, offensive or indecent physical examinations of air travellers using Australian airports when body scanners are introduced in the New Year. A spokesperson for the Minister for Infrastructure and Transport, Anthony Albanese, confirmed that Australia would not go down the same path as the US Transportation Security Administration, which has caused […]
There will be no intimate, offensive or indecent physical examinations of air travellers using Australian airports when body scanners are introduced in the New Year.
A spokesperson for the Minister for Infrastructure and Transport, Anthony Albanese, confirmed that Australia would not go down the same path as the US Transportation Security Administration, which has caused uproar at American airports by requiring physical genital area touching and feeling searches of those passengers and pilots who refuse to submit to revealing imaging X-ray scans before boarding aircraft.
The spokesperson said that a final decision on the technology to be used initially at a number of Australian international air terminals had not been made, but that the selection would seek out the devices that produced the least possible amount of radiation and coded the data so that the operators could only see stick figures on which suspicious objects would be identified by symbols.
The scanners would be used for secondary rather than primary screening.
Plane Talking understands that instead of ordering persons who refused body scanning to submit to a hands-on experience, the Australian way will be to deny boarding to the passenger, who will be told to leave the terminal.
No scan, no fly. Simple. (Maybe). Certainly different to the inane situation in San Diego in which John Tyner, a software engineer, who refused to have ‘my junk' touched by a TSA official, was then threatened with a $10,000 fine if he left the terminal, even though he had cancelled his flight, received a refund for the fare, and no longer had any reason to be at the airport.
The public anger over the new TSA get-naked-scanned or get-physically-examined procedure continues to grow in the US. The media is full of stories questioning government mandated molestation as a prerequisite for boarding an airliner, and social media videos of passengers being ordered to submit to manual checks that would in criminal law be a sexual or indecent assault.
These incidents have also involved children and elderly passengers.
In the past week an Opt-Out protest movement has begun to grow through social and public media in the US, with calls for mass refusals to submit to physical checks or electronic strip searches next Wednesday, the day before Thanksgiving, and one of the busiest days for domestic air travel in the US. However there are some doubts that many travellers would give up their turkey and family reunion feasts on that day, even if they start to cut back on air travel at other times.
In Australia, part of the emphasis of the evaluation process for secondary scanning machines has been on the potentially harmful cumulative effects of low levels of radiation on those who operate the machines or who as other airport workers or pilots have to cross the landside/airside security divide many times a day.
In the US however the TSA prohibited the wearing of radiation dosimeters by its airport workers, thus removing the risk of employees being able to prove excessive exposure to the scanners.
It could be that the theatrical and often hysterical political investment in security paranoia in the US has finally outreached itself. Literally.
Postscript: This appeared on the Pprune site tonight.
It raises an important security question for Australian airports, and needs its own post as soon as travel and connections allow.
(Visited 17 times, 1 visits today)
A Fun-LUVing Attitude is a required skill for working at Southwest. That's why when Nintendo asked if we would like to create our own level in the new Super Mario Maker™ game for the Wii U™ console, we jumped at the opportunity. Beginning today, Wii U users can play the Southwest Air Adventure level by visiting Course World in Super Mario Maker. Users will take to the skies in an air-travel adventure, with unique Southwest-themed obstacles before ending at our signature Southwest Heart, made out of coins, of course! The Southwest level for Super Mario Maker also offers players the exclusive chance to unlock the Sky Pop costume in the game. Once players locate a Mystery Mushroom in the Southwest Air Adventure level, they are able to play the level in the classic Super Mario Land plane costume. Also, by completing the level, players can use the costume in future levels of their choosing! Play and enjoy Southwest Air Adventure, and share your clear time with us at @SouthwestAir! If you're up for an even greater challenge, you can also try to set the World Record for fastest clear time!
by Brendan O'Connor
Until last week, I worked at a food truck downtown. We sold grilled cheese and milkshakes. One of the unusual things about this particular food service job was that the owner used customer comments and pictures on social media — especially Twitter and Instagram — to monitor his workers. Grilled cheese: gamified.
And it was explicitly framed as a game for workers. Members of whichever ‘crew' got the most positive feedback on social media each month would win a $25 iTunes gift card.
But compliments are hard to track online. Even if a customer thinks she is paying a compliment online, she might not be. Like if you enjoyed your sandwich enough to Instagram it, but the color of the grilled bread wasn't exactly right, we'd hear about it.
Anyway. The other rainy Monday morning, business was slow when a group of about a dozen customers sprinted up. This was at our second location, a stall the company opened in South Street Seaport to support the area while Hurricane Sandy repairs were happening. This group placed a huge order: three of this sandwich, four of another, three of the one that takes forever on the grill, two of the one that takes forever to assemble. Five or six milkshakes. The order came to just under $170.
I was making sandwiches, another worker took the order and a third made the milkshakes and watched the grills. A line grew while we worked, and we had to tell other customers that their lunch orders would take longer than usual. They paid; I asked my co-worker who was dealing with the money how much of a tip they'd left. They had left actually no tip at all. (They had paid with a card so we checked the cash tips to see if there'd been a bump. There hadn't.)
I asked some of the group as they were picking up their orders if they had intended to not tip. They hemmed and hawed and walked away.
Well. I could have not said anything. I could have made it a subtweet. I probably should have made it a subtweet. But I didn't, because of some misguided notions about having “the courage of your convictions,” or whatever.
Shout out to the good people of Glass, Lewis & Co. for placing a $170 order and not leaving a tip. @glasslewis
Two days later, I got a text from the owner asking if I was free to talk on the phone at some point. We spoke later that afternoon.
He told me that he'd gotten a call from the company, Glass, Lewis & Co. The company provides shareholder advisory services. Apparently, those employees were mortified that their lunch truck had tip-shamed them — the home office in San Francisco even got involved.
And it was unfortunate but he was going to have to let me go. The company has a way of doing things and he thought I'd understood that. I had embarrassed him and the company and that was that.
The food truck apologized to the customers on Twitter, and Glass, Lewis accepted that apology.
@milktrucknyc We appreciate it, and look forward to doing business with you again!
— Glass Lewis & Co. (@GlassLewis) July 24, 2013
Obviously I knew it was a possibility that I'd get fired. I guess I had hoped that the owner would have my back if they complained, but that was a miscalculation. And the stakes weren't too high, or I wouldn't have done it: I'd been thinking about quitting and focussing on freelancing, so I had a luxury of speaking, and then tweeting, my mind.
What did I get out of this? Hmm. A “story,” maybe. A lesson about employers — at least in the food service industry — and what they think of workers advocating for themselves.
To be fair, maybe I'm not the best employee for a gamified grilled cheese truck. About a month earlier, I'd come into work on a Saturday and was told I'd need to work late the next day. (Our schedules are established on a weekly basis, so this was very late notice.) I believed this gave me some degree of leverage. So I started bargaining. If they needed me to stay late on Sunday with only 24 hours notice, surely it was only fair that they let me go early that night?
They weren't too happy about this and my bargaining failed — they just found someone else to work late on Sunday. I suppose this is why ‘collective bargaining' is a thing.
The justice or injustice of tipping is a question again under hot debate; the incivility of failing to leave a tip on an order of that size, in the current arrangement of things, is not. There is a reason so many restaurants impose a mandatory tip on parties of a certain size.
And also: If social media is going to be used in one way to monitor worker productivity, why can it not also be used to advocate for a more civil exchange between worker and consumer? And why wouldn't a food service entity, while it's judging employees on social media, also judge its customers? The business practice of running a restaurant is to cultivate great customers and spurn bad ones.
At least I wasn't asked to delete the tweet. And I wasn't asked to apologize. Not that I would have done either of those things. I was just canned. A part-time food-truck worker with 300 Twitter followers managed to shame some Wall Street firm into getting him fired. What a world.
Logo for the 2014 Staten Island Readers' Choice Awards.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="http://polldaddy.com/poll/8211610/"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Vote for the borough's favorite radio personality&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — The readers have spoken.
More than 100 nominations for "Staten Island's Favorite Radio Personality" were cast last week via the SILive comments section and emails.
Your passion mattered — we selected the finalists based on the quantity and quality of those shout outs.
It's not surprising that Z-100's Elvis Duran pulled numbers befitting a Top 40 FM star — but AM 970 personality Frank Morano made quite the respectable showing, too.
In fact, the responses were so varied — this category is anybody's game.
But now it's up to you to pick the final winner.
The polls are officially open: Vote for your "Favorite Radio Personality" — from old school DJs to Sirius satellite contenders — in the poll to your right.
HOW READERS' CHOICE WORKS:
MONDAY, JULY 28: Best Radio Personality finalists are announced. The voting phase then runs from Monday, July 28, through Sunday, Aug. 3, at SILive.com/readerschoice. Help us get the word out to make sure your favorites get their share of the voting love!
MONDAY, AUG. 4: We announce your winner in the Favorite NYC Radio Personality category at noon Monday, Aug. 4. Then the entire process starts all over again with a new category Monday, Aug. 11.
WHAT'S NEXT: After this nominate-vote-win category cycle, we will follow up with a series of additional voting categories celebrating so many aspects of life on S.I.
So dine out. Belly up to a dive bar, cocktail lounge or dance club. Catch some live music and theater. Get a tattoo. Whatever. Just determine the borough's best.
Then nominate and vote for your picks as their respective categories are announced, one by one, on SILive.com.
Feel free to blast social media with calls to vote. Go old school with flyers and distribute them at your fave business. Go door to door. Whatever it takes (within legal and moral reason, of course) to get S.I. some much-deserved recognition is fine with us.
Hey, you have no one to blame but yourself if your personal picks don't own this thing.
EARLY NEXT YEAR: We will publish a compilation of all your categories — and it just might serve as the definitive guide to everything great about Staten Island. Oh, and there will also be a party to honor all of the winners YOU select. More details on that later.
QUESTIONS? Post them in the comments section below or hit me up at bailey@siadvance.com. I'll answer them as soon as possible.
At the giant electronics convention, CES 2011, Samsung showed off their flexible AMOLED displays to great fanfare. Soon after, rumors ran rampant flexible displays would be available in 2012. The year brought many things, but a flexy Samsung phone was not one of them. Well, if you've got flexible phone fever, never fear. Word is we may get a look at these phones commercially in 2013. Maybe.
Why might you want a flexible phone? The flexible part may be the least attractive attribute. What's best about the materials used to make flexible displays is their toughness—AMOLEDs are printed on plastic substrates that are less prone to scratching and cracking than their glass counterparts. Additionally, AMOLED displays are thinner, consume less power, and provide better color.
The technology itself isn't particularly new. Samsung already uses AMOLED displays in its Galaxy smartphones. However, though their screens are flexible, these devices must be rigid because the rest of their components are.
So, will Samsung's upcoming offering pair a flexible display with flexible components (battery, processor, etc.) for a fully bendible phone? It's possible. The technology exists. Graphene, an ultra-thin sheet of carbon atoms arranged in a lattice, is a prime candidate for flexible electronics.
In a BBC interview, Professor Andrea Ferrari of Cambridge Graphene Lab says, “If you think ten years backwards, in 2002, graphene was not there. You know, we didn't even think about it. So, it's such a fast moving field that we don't know where we're going to be in a few years time.”
The truth is, no one really knows what Samsung or any of the other electronics firms (LG, Philips, Sharp, Sony, and Nokia) rumored to be working on flexible phones are planning. We'll have to wait and see next year.
But whether we have flexible phones or not is somewhat beside the point. Dreaming down the road a bit, there are larger, more exciting applications for flexible electronics.
Even cooler than phones would be an all-in-one device. Imagine an ultra-thin 40″ bendable screen with flexible graphene components—not unlike these 0.3mm thick e-ink newspapers (of dubious value) or this 80 micron Sony OLED display. Such a thin flexible device could serve as a TV that rolls up in the corner or displays your favorite work of art (à la back to Future II) when sitting idle.
Or going a step further, maybe the device folds neatly into a tablet or phone—equally comfortable on the wall or in your pocket. The device has a wireless internet connection and is charged by inductive wallpaper. And no need for a keyboard and mouse, the interface is entirely gesture controlled by motion sensing technology.
Of course, the future itself is flexible and prone to upset even the simplest prognostications. Maybe physical displays will be made obsolete by holographic displays. Or maybe the technology will interface directly with our brains sooner than we think. Maybe all of the above, each one a step ahead of the previous.
A bendy phone seems a touch gimmicky, but the technology itself has great potential. Time to get past the hype already and see some real world applications.
It's a historic day for one of the most beautiful places on Earth, Yosemite National Park.
On this day in 1890, the government decided to "set apart certain tracts of land in the State of California as forest reservations," establishing the hallowed land as a national park. On the same day Google is honoring Yosemite's 123rd birthday with its doodle on the homepage, the park is closed because of the U.S. government shutdown.
The shutdown began at 12:00 a.m. on Tuesday after the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate could not agree on a plan to keep the government funded beyond the end of the fiscal year. The two houses clashed over the controversial Affordable Care Act, better known as "Obamacare."
House Republicans continually tried to defund or at least delay the legislation as part of a new spending bill while the Democrat-controlled Senate refused to pass a spending bill that tinkers with Obamacare.
"The Affordable Care Act is moving forward," President Barack Obama said in a press conference on Monday. "That funding is already in place. You can't shut it down."
All national parks and monuments are closed due to the shutdown, which has forced about 800,000 federal employees to stop working until Congress can strike a deal for future funding.
Yosemite is not the only government entity to have a historic day snuffed out. On the 55th anniversary of the day it became operational, NASA is almost entirely nonoperational due to the shutdown, aside from mission control which remains open to support the astronauts serving on the space station.
Images: National Park Service, Google
While the DevOps movement began in earnest in 2009, there are still a lot of questions about what DevOps means, how it's done, and what the purported benefits of DevOps are. Big questions, for sure. And there are no quick answers. In fact, to thoroughly answer each would require numerous books.
Which brings us to the question, what are the best books that define DevOps, describe how to operationalize it in the real world, and show what beneficial outcomes one could expect?
Here are my choices of five great books on DevOps, in no particular order:
Book: The Phoenix Project
Authors: Gene Kim, Kevin Behr, George Spafford
This one is a fictional story, written in engaging novel style, that tells the story of how to apply DevOps to unleash IT's potential. The story is about Bill, the IT manager at the fictional company Parts Unlimited. Not an exciting business name, but the adventure starts in earnest when on a drive to work, Bill gets the call from the CEO that sets the story in motion.
The book's cover description tells it best:
The company's new IT initiative, code named Phoenix Project, is critical to the future of Parts Unlimited, but the project is massively over budget and very late. The CEO wants Bill to report directly to him and fix the mess in ninety days or else Bill's entire department will be outsourced.
With the help of a prospective board member and his mysterious philosophy of The Three Ways, Bill starts to see that IT work has more in common with manufacturing plant work than he ever imagined. With the clock ticking, Bill must organize work flow streamline interdepartmental communications, and effectively serve the other business functions at Parts Unlimited.
In a fast-paced and entertaining style, three luminaries of the DevOps movement deliver a story that anyone who works in IT will recognize. Readers will not only learn how to improve their own IT organizations, they'll never view IT the same way again.
As one Amazon reviewer put it: “This “parable” of how applying DevOps to pull out of an IT death spiral of delays and defects is an enjoyable read backed with great references and support materials for understanding the principles underlying DevOps. It's not enough to get you all the way there, but it will get you inspired to start down the path.”
Book: Continuous Delivery: Reliable Software Releases through Build, Test, and Deployment Automation
Authors: Jez Humble and David Farley
This seminal read is all about putting into practice rapidly and consistently delivering new highly-functional software to your users. From the back cover: “Through automation of the build, deployment, and testing process, and improved collaboration between developers, testers, and operations, delivery teams can get changes released in a matter of hours—sometimes even minutes-no matter what the size of a project or the complexity of its code base.”
The book covers automated infrastructure management and data migration and the use of virtualization, and automating creating, integrating, testing, and deploying software, as well as improvement collaboration within the teams.
As one Amazon reviewer put it, “This is an absolute must-read for anyone in software or application development. It is amazing how well the authors capture the real pain points and provide all the information you need to getting to a more effective IT practice.”
Book: The Visible Ops Handbook
Authors: Kevin Behr, Gene Kim and George Spafford, IT Process Institute
This is the first book I ever read on IT process improvement, and it was an eye-opener for me. This book came out about 4 years before the term DevOps was coined, but it nailed the essence of what high-performance IT is all about. And it's an essential read today:
Visible Ops codifies how these [High performance enterprise] organizations achieved their transformation from good to great, showing how interested organizations can replicate the key processes of these high-performing organizations in just four steps:
Stabilize Patient, Modify First Response – Almost 80% of outages are self-inflicted. The first step is to control risky changes and reduce MTTR by addressing how changes are managed and how problems are resolved.
Catch and Release, Find Fragile Artifacts – Often, infrastructure exists that cannot be repeatedly replicated. In this step, we inventory assets, configurations and services, to identify those with the lowest change success rates, highest MTTR and highest business downtime costs.
Establish Repeatable Build Library – The highest return on investment is implementing effective release management processes. This step creates repeatable builds for the most critical assets and services, to make it “cheaper to rebuild than to repair.”
Enable Continuous Improvement – The previous steps have progressively built a closed-loop between the Release, Control and Resolution processes. This step implements metrics to allow continuous improvement of all of these process areas, to best ensure that business objectives are met.
As this Amazon reviewer this had to say, this fall, on the book: “This is the first and foremost required reading on my team! If you are an IT professional, you must read this. It is a concise, powerful expression of how to reinvigorate your operation and become a top performing IT organization.”
Book: DevOps for Developers
Author: Michael Hüttermann
This book is for software developers and engineers that aim to help improve the delivery of software by using lean practices to get apps and software into production.
From its description:
DevOps for Developers is for motivated software engineers, particularly programmers, testers, QA, system admins, database admins, both beginners and experts, who want to improve their software delivery process. It's the perfect choice for engineers who want to go the next step by integrating their approaches for development and delivery of software. This book is for engineers who want to shape their processes and decide on and integrate open source tools and seek for guidance how to integrate standard tools in advanced real world use cases.
And as an Amazon reviewer put it: “Developers tend to produce updates in short cycles whilst admins prefer a stable system. And if something bad happens, they often start finger-pointing to blame the other side. One solution is to tear down the silos of development and operation. In other words, set up integrated teams.
This is the core message which Michael Hüttermann would like to stress out. Agile methods and tools might be used for development as well as for deployment and operation. In his book, Michael explains how to do and which (free) tools to use.”
To be fair, the book has taken dings about not being a programming book, and repeating some of its concepts. But the value in this book is its real-life examples, and explanations as to how different roles on teams in Dev and Ops can work together more collaboratively. It also dives into common pitfalls organizations hit in their journeys of operationalizing DevOps.
Book: The Goal: A Process of Ongoing Improvement
Authors: Eliyahu M. Goldratt, Jeff Cox Author, David Whitford (Other Contributor)
The Goal is the second fictional book in this list. Written more than 30 years ago, it could have been written yesterday. When discussing concepts and systems, many times story is the way to go because the motivations and thought processes of different roles can be discussed in depth and elegantly so. The Goal succeeds in this, and is a must-read for anyone who seeks to help be a catalyst of improvement in their organization.
From the book description:
One of Eli Goldratt's convictions was that the goal of an individual or an organization should not be defined in absolute terms. A good definition of a goal is one that sets us on a path of ongoing improvement.
Pursuing such a goal necessitates more than one breakthrough. In fact it requires many. To be in a position to identify these breakthroughs we should have a deep understanding of the underlying rules of our environment. Twenty-five years after writing The Goal, Dr. Goldratt wrote Standing on the Shoulders of Giants. In this article he provided the underlying rules of operations.
This article appears at the end of this book.
Here's what an Amazon reviewer had to say: “I have often heard myself complaining that companies overcomplicate the simplest of activities. Measurements do not truly measure the end result and are often held in a high regard by executives. These measurements cause further loss and mask the true issues. This book was fascinating, very “simple” in a sense which lends to making it even more fascinating. I learned a lot about the production aspect of my “department” which would often not be looked as a production department in the literal sense of the word. Thought provoking and inspirational, every leader can benefit from the story told. A must-read.”
I would love to hear from you, what are the most important books on DevOps that you've read?
There are a number of tools that you can use to root, unlock the bootloader, backup, or update the firmware of a Nexus phone or tablet. But the Nexus Root Toolkit from WugFresh is probably one of the easiest of those tools… and now you can use it to install or root Android 5.0 Lollipop.
Nexus Root Toolkit version 1.9.4 was the first to add full support for Lollipop, but any version with a higher number should work as well.
You can use the toolkit to download and install the latest factory image to your Nexus 4, 5, 7 or 10 tablet and once you've loaded the operating system the toolkit can also walk you through the process of rooting your device and/or installing a custom recovery such as TWRP.
Before you get started, you can also use the toolkit to help you install adb drivers and backup your device, among other things.
It's usually a good idea to have some familiarity with Android adb commands before using a toolkit like this, because if anything goes wrong you may find the automated toolkit can't help you. But if you don't feel like entering a bunch of commands by hand, it's nice to have an app that'll let you do everything with just a few clicks.
Note that the Nexus Root Toolkit doesn't currently support the Nexus 6, Nexus 9 or Nexus Player yet, but it does work with every other member of the Nexus family starting with the Nexus S.
You can learn more about the toolkit at WugFresh's blog or the xda-developers forum.
Apple Stock News
For the latest Apple Stock News, AAPL closed at $102.95 on Wednesday, July 27th, an increase of $6.28 or 6.50% from Apple's previous closing.
(Image Source: Google Finance)
Analysts have been making predictions for weeks about what we could expect to find in Apple's third quarter earning reports and now we have a realistic picture of what's going on. On Tuesday July 26, Apple released its Q3 2016 Earnings and the company surprised the world with higher than expected earnings, although its profit margin did decrease. In the day following the release of the report, Apple's stock (AAPL) shot up experienced significant growth of 6.50%.
CEO Tim Cook has a very optimistic outlook when it comes to opening up retail stores in India. According to Cook, “India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 per cent year-on-year.”
Some exciting news in the Apple world is that Apple sold its billionth iPhone this week! This triumphant moment comes 9 years after the first iPhone was released back in 2007. One thing to note is the record number of people who switched from Android to iPhone during the third quarter of 2016.
“This is what we do,” said Louis Friedman, former executive director of the Planetary Society, in Pasadena , Calif., which bills itself as the world's largest public space organization.
Many scientists wonder if life, especially intelligent life, exists beyond Earth . Some day, the interstellar dreamers vow, the life out there will be us.
People like Dr. Tziolas say the technology already exists or will soon exist to send instruments and perhaps even people to nearby stars, although a human flight could cost a hundred of trillions of dollars. The half-million dollars Darpa will award is not enough to build a starship or even to buy a modest office in which to imagine one — but it is enough to start serious fund-raising and, perhaps to invite ridicule from critics of government spending.
An actual human launching is at least a couple of centuries away and, barring the invention of Star Trek -like warp drives, could take additional centuries to complete. Whoever goes on such a journey will not be coming back.
But there are plenty of reasons that humans will eventually summon the political will to make the trip, scientists say, if not for human restlessness that has taken us out of the caves and across the oceans, then to escape being wiped out when the killer asteroid appears or the Sun boils the oceans, which it will do in a couple of billion years.
Another lure could be the discovery of a habitable planet elsewhere, something that could happen in the next few years through the efforts of NASA's Kepler satellite and related astronomical efforts, according to Jill Tarter, an astronomer at the SETI Institute in Mountain View, Calif., who has devoted her life to the search for extraterrestrials. “This will get real when we have an Earth analogue as a destination,” she said.
David Neyland, Darpa's director of tactical technology, is at pains to point out that the goal of his project is not an interstellar spacecraft, only a business plan for designing one. The search, he explained, is for an organization, presumably private, that can develop the interstellar vision without government help, carrying the load for the next 100 years, developing valuable technological offshoots the way investing in computer protocols enabled the Internet. (The time frame was inspired by Jules Verne , whose novel “From the Earth to the Moon” was published in 1865, 104 years before it came true.)
Photo
After this November, whoever it is will be on their own. “We don't intend to carry it forward,” Mr. Neyland added. “Darpa hands the keys over to this entity, and we wish them well.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Interstellar travel is a tall order. It would take Voyager 1, humanity's fastest artifact, now traveling 38,000 miles an hour relative to the Sun, more than 70,000 years to reach Alpha Centauri, if it were headed in that direction.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s, a group of physicists led by Theodore Taylor of General Atomics and Freeman Dyson of the Institute for Advanced Study proposed propelling a ship by the pressure waves from atomic bombs dropped one after another out of the back, every three seconds. Such a spacecraft, they calculated, could reach Jupiter in a year but would take hundreds of years to reach Alpha Centauri.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The British Interplanetary Society used a more benign form for this propulsion idea in its interstellar spaceship study, Project Daedalus, in the 1970s. Their spacecraft would be powered by tiny thermonuclear explosions caused by compressing pellets of deuterium and helium-3 with laser blasts. It would carry a 500-ton scientific probe to Barnard's Star, 5.9 light-years away, in about 50 years, reaching a top speed of 12 percent of the speed of light along the way.
Dr. Tziolas said, “That was the very first study that proved it's possible with knowledge we have now to travel to another star.”
In recent years, other virtual collaborations have joined the party. The Tau Zero Foundation, based in Cleveland, was founded by Marc G. Millis, who directed propulsion research at the NASA's Glenn Research Center in Cleveland, to encourage work on “practical interstellar flight.” Last year Mr. Millis calculated that it would be at least 200 years before society had the energy resources to send 500 people out of the solar system.
A variety of propulsion schemes have their fans and might prevail the long span between now and launch day — a problem that Mr. Millis terms “incessant obsolescence.” Among them are gigantic sails pushed by sunlight or by powerful microwave beams and ion drives in which beams of high energy particles do the propelling.
Scientific probes could go sooner and cheaper. Professor Dyson recently pointed out that soon all the genetic information needed to reconstruct Earth's biosphere could be packed into something the size of an egg. Dispersed through space to different planets, such eggs could create homes-away-from-home waiting for us. “The new technology will be biological,” he said. “It will make everything else obsolete.”
In January, Mr. Neyland and Pete Worden, director of NASA's Ames Research Laboratory in Mountain View, quietly invited about 30 scientists, entrepreneurs and science fiction writers to a two-day brainstorming session in northern California . Mr. Neyland described the first meeting as an attempt to get past “the giggle factor” associated with the subject. Participants included scientists like J. Craig Venter of the J. Craig Venter Institute, who was one of the first to sequence the human genome, and writers like Joe Haldeman, author of the award-winning novel, “The Forever War.” One participant said, “There were a few people on the other side of reality.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Then again, nobody is smart enough now to know what could come of the starship effort, Mr. Neyland pointed out. It would be naïve to think we even know the right questions to ask.
“If you had asked Einstein and Marconi in 1910 to define a worldwide communication system for the common man,” Mr. Neyland asked, “would he have come up with the iPhone ?”
A call for ideas for the Orlando meeting drew hundreds of responses, which are being sorted to decide who will get to speak. Dr. Tarter, the astronomer at SETI, will coordinate talks on where to go. She has received 50 or 60 proposals, which she called a “mixed bag,” some of which read like U.F.O. reports. “Maybe,” she said, “you have to be a little bit crazy to think about this seriously.” She added, “We've all read enough science fiction to be fundamentally optimistic about the possible outcome.”
Kelvin Long, a physics graduate student at Warwick University and member of Project Icarus, said he had already thought about the floor plans, an organization chart and even a Japanese garden in the backyard for a pyramidal Interstellar Institute, where the research for an interstellar trip could eventually be centered.
Mania is irrational. You can't deny that whatever is happening before your eyes is indeed happening but shouldn't be based on all known rules and limits. When ever a rule is being defiantly broken and leading to success and riches (without anything tangible of value being produced), you question your sanity and everything you come to know and hold dear.
Imagine yourself in the 17th century. There's no reason a single tulip is worth the same or even more than a whole farm. But your neighbor took a massive loan on his farm and livestock just to buy that one tulip and flipped it at a nice profit… in a matter of days. Makes no sense, but it happened.
Imagine owning a small clothing business in the late 90's. Your competitor down the block has inferior customer service, low quality merchandise, and is almost always near bankruptcy. But they buy a computer, get a kid to design a dinky webpage, and then they add “.com” at the end of their store name. Suddenly your competitor is considering going public. Might be worth millions if not hundreds of millions once its stock trades on the NASDAQ. Makes absolutely no sense… but it happened.
Bitcoin is currently in mania territory. But it is nothing like the tulips or the dot-com bubbles that it's commonly compared to. But let's do so nonetheless, and compare it to the most recent and tragic example of mania: the housing market bubble.
Houses were being bought at irrational prices every day, every week, every month, for years. And almost each purchase resulted in a successful sale at ever higher prices to what appeared like an endless pool of “greater fools” willing to buy and hoping to flip for a quick profit. Is this what's happening to bitcoin? No. Let's examine the mania more closely.
Asset bubbles form when more of the same limited number of product is bought and sold and flipped to a new buyer who becomes a seller who looks for another buyer who looks for another seller… and so on. But it's the same product. When a person bought and sold a house, that same house exchanged hands at higher prices to newer fools. The physical act of buying a home drove prices higher than the rate at which they were being built. The solution appeared to be to build more houses, more condos, more apartment buildings. But since buying homes required borrowing from the banks, it didn't matter that there was all this mania-driven demand to buy homes. Eventually, the lenders wanted to get paid so that they could pay their mortgage bond investors. The number of home sellers began to outnumber home buyers which began the crash in prices as sellers couldn't recoup the amounts they borrowed from the banks. As mentioned earlier, buying a home did not contribute positively to the economics of the housing market. It simply shifted debt on to the next fool. Is this what's happening with bitcoin?
The mechanics of buying bitcoin (which is pushing its price higher) follows different rules than in the previous examples of manic bubbles. Physically buying bitcoin has a positive effect on the network that makes bitcoin possible. Every time a person transacts with the network, either to buy or sell, they are forming an indirect relationship with the miners that maintain the bitcoin network. Miners are the backbone of the blockchain network. Every transaction, whether it's to buy or sell, requires a complicated confirmation process executed by the miners. The miners incentive for processing your transaction is that when they do enough of these complex confirmations, they are rewarded with bitcoins of their own. The bitcoin protocol has limited the number of bitcoins to 21 million. There are currently 16 million in circulation. Since mining bitcoins gets more difficult every year, requiring more time and computing power, it is estimated that the full 21 million will be mined by the year 2130. Furthermore, each bitcoin can be broken into fractions of up to 8 decimal points behind zero. These are called “satoshis”, fractions of bitcoin.
Still with me?
The physical act of buying bitcoin follows the basic tried and true dynamics of supply and demand. As more people enter the network by buying and selling bitcoin, they provide an incentive for the mining network to keep mining. Since their collective mining power maintains the blockchain network of transactions, every transaction is verified and secured. This is the process that legitimizes bitcoin as a secure store of value (like digital gold). Since the supply is limited, it has valued the more it is in demand. It's limited supply also acts as a hedge against inflation. And since that supply can be broken into fractions, it is accessible to anyone in the world at whatever price they can afford: $1, $10, $50, $100, $5000, or the full bitcoin price of $9900 at the time of this post.
Participating in bitcoin follows the rules of Metcalfe's Law which states that a network's value increases the more users it has. Bitcoin is made possible by a network. That network is a decentralized group of miners around the world. They are the ones building and maintaining the authenticity of the blockchain network. As more users come in, the more valuable it gets. Currently, 0.01% of the world's population is using bitcoin. Imagine where the price will be if we reach a full 1% of global population.
During the tulip mania, buying a single tulip didn't contribute anything meaningful to the tulip market. It simply pushed the price higher, shifting debt to the last greater fool. During the dot-com bubble, putting your crummy business online didn't really make the internet any better nor did it deliver profits to investors who pushed share prices to ridiculous levels. During the housing boom, buying property with bad credit didn't make the housing market better with new homeowners. It simply delayed the day of reckoning when the lenders wanted to get paid by whoever was the last person who borrowed money to buy it.
With bitcoin, there is no last “greater fool”. Not when bitcoin has yet to tap even 1% of all the people on earth. With bitcoin, prices are going higher because buyers have a direct effect of contributing genuine demand in the bitcoin economy, creating an economic incentive for the network to keep mining for more bitcoins to go out in circulation. Those bitcoins can be broken and sold into fractions, facilitating the ease of access for anyone in the world. Those fractional transactions are equally processed and confirmed by the miners like all the other transactions. Bitcoin mania is, for the first time in human economic history, completely justified to keep going, with no end in sight.
Am I wrong? Leave me a comment and say so. Thanks.
Advertisements
Today the stout Mountain Vargath will face off against the mobile Jungle Elves. This matchup probably wouldn't even occur if the lore of Summoner Wars were ironclad, since both factions are only fighting to defend their homeland. Ah well, maybe there's a tract of mountainous jungle somewhere that everyone lays claim to. The Itharian Poland or something.
This match caught us both by surprise. It was surprisingly nonviolent, though it lasted fewer than 10 full rounds. Neither faction managed to get through their entire deck, and nobody was sure who would win until the very last dice roll.
Somerset: Abua Shi of the Jungle Elves
Many a Summoner has been snuffed by a flurry of Abua Shi-empowered and -hasted assassins — as in my Summoners. I have often been the recipient of those perfectly executed multi-event attacks, and it bites [pun! —Dan]. It is incredibly daunting to play the team my husband likes best, against one of the teams I like most, especially since I'm pretty sure I'll fail miserably at being clever enough to pull it off. To be honest I haven't played the Jungle Elves often nor lately, so I'm flying by the seat of my soft black velvet pants here. The JE can end the game surprisingly fast with the right units and events. I have seen this. I know it can be done. However, the Vargath are powerful, well-armored, guerrilla-maneuvering units with amazing advantages on the opposing side of the board. To defeat these overgrown goats, I will have to end the game quickly and decisively with carefully hoarded events and strong empowered attacks, because there is no way the JE can survive a game of attrition against the stronger Vargath team. Sunderved, with his seven life points and Command ability will probably be surrounded by strong defenders and a difficult little billy to land a hit on.
My goal is to bring out as many hard hitters in the early game as possible to control the board and keep the minotaurs away from my walls and my side of the board. To this end, I'll be dispatching several of my own starting units and burning my deck like crazy. I'm planning on bringing a common-heavy deck to the table, with Gorillas, Elephants, and Lioneers, all empowered by Abua Shi, as my main attacking force. I'll be leaving in a few Archers on the off-chance I'll be able to use their Arching Shots to get at the well-protected Sunderved. Building my deck this way necessitates leaving behind Miti Mumway, one of my favorite but terribly expensive champions, in favor of empowering Shikwa to dispatch Sunderved's retinue of defenders and then landing her second attack on the Summoner himself, and using Makeinda Ru strategically placed to control choke points and quickly eliminate threats.
Somerset's Jungle Elves deck (reference):
Kadara, Makeinda Ru, Shikwa
3 Archers, 3 Elephants, 2 Gorillas, 3 Lioneers, 7 Lionesses
Dan: Sunderved of the Mountain Vargath
It's a bit ironic the way this matchup has aligned. Somerset's chosen team is the Mountain Vargath, so on the one hand I'm relieved to have taken them away from her. On the other, the Jungle Elves are my personal favorite — they're the sneaky jerks I use to scare new players away from the game. One minute you're thinking their units seem overpriced, and the next you've surrounded the enemy Summoner with a pack of enraged pachyderms and lion-riding elven boy-toys. And it's only the fourth round.
Unfortunately, my love of the Jungle Elves makes me wary of facing them. I bottle up, wall in my Summoner, and pray they don't use Jungle Guards — or, crud, even their basic Archers — to kill me in spite of my defenses. And now I don't even have that luxury, because the Mountain Vargath are distinctly not a team that likes being bottled. They break from the norm by having no (or near to no) ranged units, and they love nothing so much as bustling over to the enemy side of the board to pick up various bonuses, from the Warrior's extra attack to the Warden's strong defenses when hanging out by enemy walls. One thing is certain: I'll need to stay on the mobile offensive and keep Sunderved in the middle of a retinue of soldiers if i want to take advantage of my units' abilities.
My longterm goal goes something like this: Put a wall of commons around Sunderved where they can be empowered with his Command ability, march them into enemy territory, and then use Muster to transfer even more soldiers to his side, which will hopefully be right in Abua Shi's musky grill.
I'm taking Growden for just that purpose, since he sunders walls at a frightening rate, and the JE having fewer summoning spots is nothing to sneer at. Bellor will hopefully let me get a few extra hits with his Retribution ability, and Luka should be able to nullify a few of Somerset's powerful unit abilities. My common choices aren't as focused, since I want a bit of everything.
Dan's Mountain Vargath deck (reference):
Bellor, Growden, Luka
3 Brutes, 5 Rushers, 3 Storm Mages, 3 Wardens, 4 Warriors
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Bitch Media, an independent, nonprofit feminist media organization now in its 22nd year, is pleased to offer the Bitch Media Fellowships for Writers, a series of three-month intensive writing fellowships whose goal is to develop, support, and amplify emerging, diverse voices in feminist, activist, and pop-culture media. The program is directed by Bitch cofounder Andi Zeisler.
Bitch Media's mission is to provide and encourage an engaged, thoughtful response to mainstream media and pop culture. We strive to be a fresh, revitalizing voice in contemporary feminism, one that welcomes complex arguments and refuses to ignore the contradictory and often uncomfortable realities of life in an unequivocally gendered world. We publish the award-winning quarterly magazine Bitch: Feminist Response to Pop Culture; we also feature daily online articles, interviews, opinions, and weekly podcasts at bitchmedia.org; and send speakers and workshop leaders to colleges and universities around the world through our Bitch on Campus program.
We want to thank everyone who applied for the 2019 writing fellowships. You can find a list of our past fellows here.
Have questions? Read our Fellowship FAQ sheet here.
I'm starting to come around to the view that there is something weird going on with students these days, where they are coming into the world with rather unrealistic expectations about how they can expect to be treated. For the first time the other day, I came across the suggestion – made by a grad student – that a philosophical research talk should be a “safe space,” in which audience members are expected to be “tough yet supportive.” (I actually don't quite know what this means – if someone is saying something totally wrong, it's a bit hard to point that out while at the same time remaining supportive. What are you supposed to say, “you seem like a really nice person, but you're totally wrong.” Or maybe, “well this argument doesn't work, but keep trying, I'm sure you'll come up with a better one next time!”)
Anyhow, as most people who are familiar with how philosophy works will know, this is not the way the discipline currently operates. Philosophy has what could best be described as an adversarial disciplinary culture, something that manifests itself most clearly in how the Q&A goes after a research talk. Basically, after people present their philosophical views, the audience members try to tear them apart. Every question is a variation on “here's why I think you're wrong…” It is not supportive. Also, because this is the expectation in the discipline, philosophers tend not to preface their comments with ingratiating verbiage, like “first let me thank you for the rich and thought-provoking discussion” (the way they do in political theory, of instance). Philosophers will go straight to the “here's why I think you're wrong” part.
I think that there are good reasons for wanting to preserve this aspect of the discipline, so I would like to explain first what I mean by “adversarial,” and then second defend these practices. (I should mention, in passing, that a great deal of the complaints about adversarialism have come from people who think that the underrepresentation of women in the discipline is a consequence of those disciplinary practices. I happen to disagree with this – law is also highly adversarial, but that doesn't seem to deter too many women – but I'm not going to get into that too deeply.)
Also, I would like to distinguish between “being adversarial” and “being an asshole” or “being confrontational.” A lot of people in philosophy are assholes, but that is a distinct phenomenon. To illustrate the distinction, I'd like to draw a contrast between philosophy and surgery (a discipline that I happen to know well, because my wife is an academic surgeon). Surgeons are notorious assholes, a tendency that is clearly encouraged by the disciplinary culture. They are also extremely confrontational, sometimes (to me) shockingly so. For instance, they lose their temper and yell at each other a great deal – my wife's division head used to come into her office and literally yell at her for 10-15 minutes straight. They also swear constantly. At the same time, the disciplinary culture, with respect to research talks, is weirdly (to me) non-confrontational. What this means, in practice, is that when a person gives a talk, the questions will almost always be softballs, like “how did you exclude this confounder?” or “can you say more about what you think is responsible for x?” Then, as soon as people are out in the hallway, everyone will be like, “wow, what a piece-of-shit study that was,” or “holy crap, they are killing patients right and left at that hospital,” etc. And yet they never say it to the speaker! I don't know how many times I've heard surgeons complaining about awful research and terrible talks, and I'll say “did you tell them that?” and the response is always “oh no, of course not.”
This example is illuminating, because it shows that the adversarialism of philosophical exchange is not merely a consequence of the fact that so many philosophers are assholes. As the example of surgery shows, it is perfectly possible to have a discipline full of assholes, who nevertheless sustain a non-adversarial discourse around academic research. In fact, I suspect the causality in philosophy runs the opposite direction – that being an asshole is not positively encouraged, but because of the adversarial norms, the discipline tends to attract more than its share of assholes.
The reason I'm getting into so much detail on this point is that I don't want to be seen to be defending assholes. The fact that there are so many assholes in philosophy is, for me, a major negative for the discipline, and one of the reasons that, over the years, I've found it increasingly painful to be around academic philosophers. I would, however, like to defend the adversarialism of the disciplinary culture of philosophy. (I think that it retains its value despite the fact that it tends to attract assholes to the discipline.)
One other little thing. Philosophy is also, in its disciplinary culture, fundamentally a problem-creating, and not a problem-solving discipline. Here I think a useful contrast can be drawn between philosophy and economics (another discipline that I have a lot of contact with). A lot of this comes, I think, from the influence of Socrates, and of the importance of Socratic method. Basically, Socrates went around Athens causing problems for people, by taking their everyday understanding of concepts like “justice” and showing that it made no sense. Skepticism does something broadly similar, and the fascination with paradoxes and puzzles has remained central to the discipline. Philosophers have built entire careers around discovering new problems (think of Parfit's “non-identity” problem, or Gettier, or Goodman, etc.)
I must admit that this aspect of the discipline is one that I sometimes find frustrating, particularly when you want to do something fairly innocent, like come up with a model of something. Speaking roughly, my experience has been that economists will at least sometimes want to help you, and so will make positive suggestions, along the lines of “maybe you should try doing it this way.” Philosophers, by contrast, never have any positive suggestions. Even if they appear to be offering you a cup to drink from, you can be certain it will be poisoned. This is great for encouraging critical thinking, but the discipline as a whole is a very negative one. Basically, colleagues exist to tell you why you're wrong.
This all sounds like criticism, but it's not. It's actually important that philosophy operate in this way. To see why, let's go back to the case of surgery for a moment. When I ask academic surgeons why they never pose challenging questions at research talks, the answer is usually the same – they don't think it matters, because “it'll never get published,” or else “the referees will catch it.” In particular, when academic surgeons make methodological errors, or they do their stats all wrong (which they often do), everyone knows that it will get picked up by referees, and so they don't feel any obligation to make things uncomfortable for the speaker. (By contrast, in “M&M rounds,” when they review the treatment of patients in hospital, they are much more likely to pose challenging questions, precisely because there is no other system of quality control in place.)
In other words, the practice of medicine, as well as scientific work more generally, is subject to much stricter methodological constraints than philosophy is. Consider, for instance, a flaw in our thinking such as confirmation bias. We human beings are all terrible at “thinking the negative.” When it comes to testing a theory, our tendency is to look only for evidence that supports the hypothesis. What we should also be doing is figuring out what evidence would disconfirm the hypothesis, and then actively seeking that out as well, in order to establish that it is not there. (This is point of Peter Wason's famous “2, 4, 6” test, which everyone fails. I wrote about this here last week.) There are various features of scientific method – from study design, the use of controls, the concern about replication – that all serve in various ways to control confirmation bias. (That is, in fact, the most essentially difference between medicine and quackery. The former is based on controlled studies, the latter is based on “testimonials.”)
Philosophers are just as prone to confirmation bias as anyone else. Indeed, anyone what has read the literature on confirmation bias, and understands just what a profound and pervasive bias it is, must at some point have begun to suspect that philosophy is “all confirmation bias all the time.” After I failed the Wason 2,4,6 test, I stopped to think how much time and effort I have put into thinking about what it would take to prove my own philosophical views false, or cause me to change my mind, and then, how much time I have actually spent investigating whether these conditions obtain. The answer was “very little.” I invest a tremendous amount of effort in the positive task, of working out the view and marshalling the evidence that supports it, but expend almost no effort in thinking about what would prove it wrong.
So what makes philosophy an academic discipline, rather than (as my former teacher, James Johnson used to put it) “the department of data-free speculation”? Part of the reason that I don't have to work very hard thinking of ways that my view might be wrong is that I have colleagues who enjoy nothing better. In other words, if there are obvious blind spots in my reasoning, I can be quite confident that they will be pointed out to me, in one of those unsupportive, adversarial Q&A sessions.
This occurred to me one day at a research talk, given by a distinguished colleague of mine, who was arguing that the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms was not really deontological, despites its surface grammar, but that it was really a consequentialist document. He proceeded to go through and give a consequentialist reading of all the major rights and the way they had been interpreted by the courts. During the Q&A, I asked what seemed to me the obvious question, which was “what would a deontologist have to do, to formulate a right that would be invulnerable to one of your consequentialist readings?” In other words, the question was just “imagine you were wrong, what would that look like?” Somewhat to my surprise (that was before I had read much about confirmation bias) he was stumped by the question – and even came up to me after the talk and said, “you know, I never really thought about that.”
To me, this is a great example of how the disciplinary culture of philosophy works, when it works well. Wilfrid Sellars once defined philosophy as the study of how things, in the most general sense of the term, hang together, in the most general sense of the term. We're doing pretty abstract work, and we're often trying to see how things fit together at a very general level. What makes us different from conspiracy theorists, or people who claim to see Jesus in their toast? Or what stops us from just making stuff up and believing it? I really think that the only thing keeping us tethered to the world is the disciplinary culture, and the fact that we have to defend ourselves, in a room full of people who have spent decades listening to arguments and identifying bad ones.
Snoop Dogg just issued a scathing warning to George Zimmerman after he threatened to feed Jay-Z to an alligator.
The rapper made it clear, Zimmerman won't get away with murder “again.”
“If one hair on Jays hair is touched that's when the revolution will b televised. We 👊🏾and to thank the system let the Bitch ass muthafucca get away with murder try it again 🙏🏾Trayvon Martin Gone but not forgotten,” Snoop wrote on Instagram.
The Blast broke the story yesterday, Zimmerman made disturbing threats to Jay-Z after he claims a production team working on an upcoming Trayvon Martin documentary produced by Jay harassed his family for interviews and footage.
Zimmerman told us production “harassed” his family, but refused to elaborate on what the harassment was. The neighborhood watch volunteer who fatally shot an unarmed Trayvon Martin in 2012 also would not answer whether his family agreed to go on camera at any point.
Jay-Z and the production team have yet to comment on Zimmerman's threats.
THAILAND seized four tons of ivory hidden in bean sacks tracked from Congo in what authorities said was the biggest bust in the country's history, customs officials said on Monday.
The 739 elephant tusks, bound for Laos, were seized upon arrival at a port in Bangkok on Saturday after the authorities received a tip-off and had tracked the containers from Congo, the Customs Department's director-general Somchai Sujjapongse told reporters.
He said that the shipment, labelled as beans, was shipped out of Congo in February and went through Malaysia before reaching the Bangkok port.
“We have been following the (shipment) for two months.
Intelligence reports said ivory from Africa might be smuggled with other products to go through the Laotian border,” Somchai said.
Thailand is one of the top destinations for African ivory smuggling in Asia and could face international sanctions soon if it doesn't show progress in combating the problem.
Somchai said authorities believe that had the ivory worth $US6 million ($7.8 million) had reached Laos, it would then have been distributed to buyers in China, Vietnam and Thailand.
Poachers have killed tens of thousands of African elephants for their tusks in recent years to meet demand for ivory in Asia. China has imposed a one-year ban on ivory imports amid criticism that its citizens' huge appetite for ivory threatens the existence of Africa's elephants.
The nominating period for the 2019 Hugo Awards and 1944 Retrospective Hugo Awards is now open, according to an announcement from Dublin 2019. The convention also announced the designers for the various award bases. The 2019 Hugo Award base will be designed by Jim Fitzpatrick; that for the 1944 Retro Hugo Awards will be designed by Dr Eleanor Wheeler; and the trophy for the new Lodestar Award for Young Adult Fiction will be designed by Sara Felix.
Instructions for accessing the online nominating form have been sent via e-mail. Check your junk e-mail/spam/promotions folders in your e-mail client for this e-mail if you did not receive it. Despite the convention's efforts, voter information notification messages may be flagged as spam.
The Dublin 2019 Hugo Awards web page has the links to the online nominating ballots for the 2019 and 1944 Hugo Awards. Dublin 2019 is not using a voting PIN system. Your email from the convention will contain a unique URL that provides access to your ballot.
Paper ballots will be mailed to those members of Dublin 2109 who requested paper publications along with the convention's Progress Report 3, currently in production. PDFs of the paper ballots are also available from Worldcon 76's Hugo Awards page.
Nominations will close on March 16, 2019 at 06:59 UTC (11:59 pm Pacific Daylight Time on 15 March). Paper ballots must be received by mail by 15 March 2019. The Finalists for the Awards will be announced in early April.
Dublin 2019 will be presenting the 2019 Hugo Awards (generally for works first published or appearing in 2018) as well as the 1944 Retrospective Hugo Awards (generally for works first published or appearing in 1943). Any person who was a voting member of at least one of the 2018 or 2019 World Science Fiction Conventions as of December 31, 2018 may cast nominating ballots for the 2019 and 1944 Awards.
If you are a member of the 2018 Worldcon but not the 2019 Worldcon and did not give the 2018 Worldcon (San José) permission to share your information with the 2019 Worldcon (Dublin), the 2019 Worldcon will not contact you, due to data-privacy rules. If you are a member of the 2018 Worldcon and did not receive an e-mail from the 2019 Worldcon but want to nominate, contact the Dublin 2019 Hugo Award Administrators.
Included in the ballots will be voting for a Special Hugo Award of Best Art Book. Each Worldcon has the right to add one category to the Hugo Awards for their year only, and Dublin 2019 has elected to use this power to test an Art Book category.
The ballots will also include voting on two other awards administered by the World Science Fiction Society. These are the WSFS Lodestar Award for Young Adult Fiction; and the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer presented by Dell Magazines.
Please direct any questions about the administration of the 2019 and 1944 Hugo Awards to the Dublin 2019 Hugo Award Administrators, not to the Hugo Awards web site. The Hugo Awards web site team does not administer the elections for the Hugo Awards, nor do we make eligibility rulings. The 2019/1944 Hugo Awards are administered by the Hugo Awards Administration Subcommittee of Dublin 2019, and all decisions regarding the eligibility of works and the administration of nominations are exclusively the committee's responsibility.
Cannabis users are more likely to have psychotic experiences (PEs). The degree to which these associations are driven by genetic or environmental influences in adolescence is unknown. This study estimated the genetic and environmental contributions to the relationship between cannabis use and PEs. Specific PEs were measured in a community-based twin sample (4830 16-year-old pairs) using self-reports and parent-reports. Adolescents reported on ever using cannabis. Multivariate liability threshold structural equation model-fitting was conducted. Cannabis use was significantly correlated with PEs. Modest heritability (37%), common environmental influences (55%) and unique environment (8%) were found for cannabis use. For PEs, modest heritability (27-54%), unique environmental influences (E=12-50%) and little common environmental influences (11-20%), with the exception of parent-rated Negative Symptoms (42%), were reported. Environmental influences explained all of the covariation between cannabis use and paranoia, cognitive disorganization and parent-rated negative symptoms (bivariate common environment=69-100%, bivariate unique environment=28-31%), whilst the relationship between cannabis use and hallucinations indicated familial influences. Cannabis use explains 2-5% of variance in positive, cognitive, and negative PEs. Cannabis use and psychotic experience co-occur due to environmental factors. Focus on specific environments may reveal why adolescent cannabis use and psychotic experiences tend to 'travel together'.
Copyright © 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Aqua
My opinion on the first two volumes
For this and my next video I'm going to be taking a look at a couple of Tokyopop translated books. Following Tokyopop's fall they're pretty much out of print now, but you still might be able to get them second-hand or from your library, so I think it's still worth me going through them.
First up is Aqua (which is also known as Aria due to a licensing issue).
After 150 years of terraforming, Aqua, the planet formerly known as Mars, now has more than 90 percent of its surface covered in water. A young girl named Akari Mizunashi arrives at the city of Neo-Venezia, an exact replica of the old Italian city of Venice, hoping to become an Undine, the most coveted job on Aqua.
Hold on tight and follow Akari's adventures as she discovers the wonders of Aria!
This has a sci-fi setting, and is set in a future where Mankind has melted the polar ice-caps on Mars and then colonised the planet. (By the way, someone should do this in real life. I'm looking at you, the European Space Agency. NASA seems to be skint now, so it's got to be either you or the Chinese.)
The comic stars Akari, who moves from Earth to Mars (both of which have been given appropriately sci-fi renames in the story) to work in the tourism industry on the newly colonised planet.
For anyone who is interested in a plot I'm afraid I must fuss up and tell you that I've just gone and spoiled all of it there; that's all there is to it. Aqua is extremely episodic, and apart from a few character introductions most of the chapters could really be read in any order.
But the lack of a plot shouldn't really be taken as a criticism though, as Aqua isn't aiming to have one. It's mostly a comic that revolves around showing the reader another world. This is mainly a feelgood comic. Nothing exciting really happens in any of the stories; the main draws are reading about Akari's nice, laid-back new life and finding out more about the fictional future Mars.
If you're a busy person, working nine-to-five or longer trying to make ends meet, but don't want to be busy and would like a laid-back and quiet life, then this is probably a book for you. The main characters have a relaxing life working as tour-guides, smile a lot and generally have a nice time. In a similar way to how someone who is forever-alone might fantasise over photos of models in swimwear, it's almost as if Aqua is some kind of relaxment-porn for busy people.
Any drawbacks? Well, as I said above, I won't fault Aqua for not having a gripping plot or exciting action sequences, because that's just not what it's aiming to do. I'm not going to fault it for lacking any sense of suspense either, because it's supposed to be a relaxing read.
However some fair criticism that I will throw at it is that Aqua is supposed to be about sci-fi and Akari's exploration of a foreign world; but there are a couple of elements that fall back on pseudo-science or supernatural elements. As the series was supposed to be scientific these seem a little off and not particularly well implemented.
I doubt you'll be able to buy Aqua new now as it's more or less out of print, but if you are browsing your library and see a copy then it's worth a read.
DIFFERENT WORLDS: Friends of Christian convert Khalid Muidh Alzahrani fear the refugee has been abducted from his Christchurch flat and taken back to Saudi Arabia – home to the Islamic holy city of Mecca – where it is against the law for Muslims to abandon their faith.
A Saudi Arabian refugee, who left New Zealand in mysterious circumstances, feared he was being spied on and believed he would be killed if he returned to his homeland.
No one has seen or heard from Khalid Muidh Alzahrani, known as Daniel, since he left his Christchurch council flat in a hurry with two men.
His former English teacher and friend believes he has either been kidnapped or forced to return home because his wife and two children had been threatened.
Louise Macfarlane has called for a thorough investigation into the Christian convert's sudden departure from the city more than three weeks ago.
"I hope that we don't live in a country that's so blase, that we just don't accept this kind of thing," Macfarlane, 37, said through tears yesterday.
Food can be seen rotting inside on the kitchen bench at Alzahrani's Redwood flat.
Alzahrani, 42, arrived in Christchurch about five years ago on a Saudi Government scholarship before converting to Christianity and applying for asylum.
He was granted refugee status on the grounds that he would be persecuted in Saudi Arabia. He told friends he was terrified he would be kidnapped and forced to return.
"He said to me he would be killed if he went back," Macfarlane said.
The Saudi ambassador to New Zealand said Alzahrani had insisted on returning home to visit his mother and the consulate had paid for his air ticket.
His friends believed he was taken out of the country under duress, possibly by agents of the state or family members.
Police said they were satisfied Alzahrani had left voluntarily, but were checking on his situation through Interpol.
Macfarlane said Alzahrani feared he was being spied on when she last met him in May.
"I thought he was being dramatic, but now I know that he knew the true danger he was in."
She found it hard to comprehend that someone who had claimed asylum in New Zealand from religious persecution in their home country could be allowed to return there without further questions.
Immigration New Zealand confirmed that Alzahrani left the country on July 31, but refused to say if he was travelling alone.
Cox offering subscribers an alternative to watch Super Bowl
As Cox Communications and KLAS-TV parent company Nexstar continue contract negotiations, the cable giant is offering an alternative for its 353,000 blacked-out Las Vegas customers to watch Sunday's Super Bowl.
Cox today announced ESPN Deportes will be available to all customers through Monday. The Spanish-language station, normally available only through select Cox sports and Latino entertainment packages, will broadcast the Super Bowl in standard definition on channel 16 in the Las Vegas Valley.
“We found a workaround to provide the Super Bowl for all of our customers,” Cox spokesman Juergen Barbusca said. “We understand there are only so many options to see the game, and we wanted to expand it, so people can still stay at home and watch it.”
Barbusca said Cox will not have an English-language Super Bowl broadcast without KLAS-TV but encouraged non-Spanish-speaking viewers to listen to the local ESPN affiliate's audio broadcast on 100.9-FM and 1100-AM while watching the Deportes broadcast.
Despite the added viewing option for Cox customers, Barbusca and KLAS-TV President Lisa Howfield said the companies still hope to reach an agreement before Sunday's big game.
If an agreement is reached, KLAS-TV's signal could be back on Cox immediately, Howfield said.
Howfield said she didn't think Cox's addition of the ESPN Deportes broadcast would affect the negotiations.
“I can't imagine a quiet television and radio audio coming in ahead of the broadcast would be an optimal way to watch the game,” Howfield said. “It's just another tactic.”
I recently had the pleasure of moderating the first day of the DevOps track at Gluecon 2014. As I wrote about in a previous post, the good folks at CloudSoft were kind enough to have the days sessions video taped (OK I don't know if they actually use tape anymore, but you know what I mean). They have made these videos available to us here at DevOps.com. We have uploaded them to YouTube and will be posting them here through the week.
The DevOps sessions got started with Thomas Hatch of SaltStack presenting, 6 things you don't know about SaltStack. Kudos to Thomas who is a due to a technical glitch had to start off without his slides up on the screen. But Thomas did not miss a beat and gave the audience some insight into SaltStack and what makes it best for certain tasks.
Below is the video
Early Thursday morning, Kerry Washington and Jimmy Kimmel (subbing for a travel-sidelined Nick Offerman) announced the nominees for the 64th annual Primetime Emmys. Early mentions went to Mad Men, Downton Abbey and Homeland, all three of which landed noms for outstanding drama series.
Newcomers Girls and Veep also nabbed a few big mentions, with both HBO series up for outstanding comedy series and stars Lena Dunham and Julia Louis-Dreyfus each up for the lead actress in a comedy category.
PHOTOS: 'Mad Men,' 'Downton Abbey' and More Emmy Nominees
American Horror Story, submitted as a miniseries, also tied Mad Men with the most mentions: 17.
Read the complete list of nominees below:
Outstanding Comedy Series
The Big Bang Theory
Curb Your Enthusiasm
Girls
Modern Family
30 Rock
Veep
Lead Actress In A Comedy Series
Lena Dunham, Girls
Melissa McCarthy, Mike & Molly
Zooey Deschanel, New Girl
Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie
Amy Poehler, Parks and Recreation
Tina Fey, 30 Rock
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep
STORY: Emmy Reactions: What the Nominated Stars and Execs Are Saying
Lead Actor In A Comedy Series
Jim Parsons, The Big Bang Theory
Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm
Don Cheadle, House of Lies
Louis C.K., Louie
Alec Baldwin, 30 Rock
Jon Cryer, Two and a Half Men
Supporting Actress In A Comedy Series
Mayim Bialik, The Big Bang Theory
Kathryn Joosten, Desperate Housewives
Julie Bowen, Modern Family
Sofia Vergara, Modern Family
Merritt Wever, Nurse Jackie
Kristen Wiig, Saturday Night Live
Supporting Actor In A Comedy Series
Ed O'Neill, Modern Family
Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Modern Family
Ty Burrell, Modern Family
Eric Stonestreet, Modern Family
Max Greenfield, New Girl
Bill Hader, Saturday Night Live
Guest Actress In A Comedy Series
Dot-Marie Jones, Glee
Maya Rudolph, Saturday Night Live
Melissa McCarthy, Saturday Night Live
Elizabeth Banks, 30 Rock
Margaret Cho, 30 Rock
Kathy Bates, Two and a Half Men
Guest Actor In A Comedy Series
Michael J. Fox, Curb Your Enthusiasm
Greg Kinnear, Modern Family
Bobby Cannavale, Nurse Jackie
Jimmy Fallon, Saturday Night Live
Will Arnett, 30 Rock
Jon Hamm, 30 Rock
Writing for a Comedy Series
Community, Remedial Chaos Theory
Girls, Pilot
Louie, Pregnant
Parks and Recreation, The Debate
Parks and Recreation, Win, Lose, or Draw
Outstanding Drama Series
Boardwalk Empire
Breaking Bad
Downton Abbey
Game of Thrones
Homeland
Mad Men
Lead Actress In A Drama Series
Glenn Close, Damages
Michelle Dockery, Downton Abbey
Julianna Margulies, The Good Wife
Kathy Bates, Harry's Law
Claire Danes, Homeland
Elisabeth Moss, Mad Men
Lead Actor In A Drama Series
Steve Buscemi, Boardwalk Empire
Bryan Cranston, Breaking Bad
Michael C. Hall, Dexter
Hugh Bonneville, Downton Abbey
Damian Lewis, Homeland
Jon Hamm, Mad Men
Supporting Actress In A Drama Series
Anna Gunn, Breaking Bad
Maggie Smith, Downton Abbey
Joanne Froggatt, Downton Abbey
Archie Panjabi, The Good Wife
Christine Baranski, The Good Wife
Christina Hendricks, Mad Men
Supporting Actor In A Drama Series
Aaron Paul, Breaking Bad
Giancarlo Esposito, Breaking Bad
Brendan Coyle, Downton Abbey
Jim Carter, Downton Abbey
Peter Dinklage, Game of Thrones
Jared Harris, Mad Men
Guest Actress In A Drama Series
Martha Plimpton, The Good Wife
Loretta Devine, Grey's Anatomy
Jean Smart, Harry's Law
Julia Ormond, Mad Men
Joan Cusack, Shameless
Uma Thurman, Smash
Guest Actor In A Drama Series
Mark Margolis, Breaking Bad
Dylan Baker, The Good Wife
Michael J. Fox, The Good Wife
Jeremy Davies, Justified
Ben Feldman, Mad Men
Jason Ritter, Parenthood
Writing for a Drama Series
Downton Abbey, Episode 7
Homeland, Pilot
Mad Men, The Other Woman
Mad Men, Commissions And Fees
Mad Men, Far Away Places
Miniseries or Movie
American Horror Story
Game Change
Hatfields & McCoys
Hemingway & Gellhorn
Luther
Sherlock: A Scandal in Belgravia
Lead Actress In A Miniseries Or A Movie
Connie Britton, American Horror Story
Julianne Moore, Game Change
Nicole Kidman, Hemingway & Gellhorn
Ashley Judd, Missing
Emma Thompson, The Song of Lunch
Lead Actor In A Miniseries Or A Movie
Woody Harrelson, Game Change
Kevin Costner, Hatfields & McCoys
Bill Paxton, Hatfields & McCoys
Clive Owen, Hemingway & Gellhorn
Idris Elba, Luther
Benedict Cumberbatch, Sherlock: A Scandal in Belgravia
Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or A Movie
Frances Conroy, American Horror Story
Jessica Lange, American Horror Story
Sarah Paulson, Game Change
Mare Winningham, Hatfields & McCoys
Judy Davis, Page Eight
Supporting Actor In A Miniseries Or A Movie
Denis O'Hare, American Horror Story
Ed Harris, Game Change
Tom Berenger, Hatfields & McCoys
David Strathairn, Hemingway & Gellhorn
Martin Freeman, Sherlock: A Scandal in Belgravia
Writing for a Miniseries, Movie or a Dramatic Special
Game Change
Hatfields & McCoys • Part 2
The Hour
Luther
Sherlock: A Scandal in Belgravia
Reality-Competition Program
The Amazing Race
Dancing With the Stars
Project Runway
So You Think You Can Dance
Top Chef
The Voice
Host For A Reality Or Reality-Competition Program
Phil Keoghan, The Amazing Race
Ryan Seacrest, American Idol
Betty White, Betty White's Off Their Rockers
Tom Bergeron, Dancing With the Stars
Cat Deeley, So You Think You Can Dance
Outstanding Variety Series
The Colbert Report
The Daily Show With Jon Stewart
Jimmy Kimmel Live
Late Night With Jimmy Fallon
Real Time With Bill Maher
Saturday Night Live
For the complete list of nominees, including awards to be handed out during the Creative Arts ceremony, head to the Emmys website.
Courtesy of Amber Sessions(REXBURG, Idaho) -- Even in this economy, a picture-perfect five bedroom rural home that lists for just over a $100,000 might seem like a real deal. Except for the fact this home is known by locals in Rexburg, Idaho as the "snake house" because it apparently sits on a nest of non-poisonous garter snakes.
The home has had a fraught history of owners leaving in haste. Now owned by Chase bank, it was on the market briefly in January and then taken off again.
In September 2009, it seemed like the ideal home for the growing Sessions family. Ben and Amber Sessions got it for what seemed like a steal, paying less than $180,000. But soon after moving in, they found snakes slithering inside the residence and all around the property.
"After we moved in, it was really horrible," Amber Sessions told ABC News. "There were snakes in the walls. We could hear them and then our water tasted like how they smell."
Sessions said they trusted their real estate agent, who, she claimed, told them the snake problem was "made up" by the previous owners so that they could leave their mortgage behind. He assured them that every precaution was made to keep the snakes away, she said.
But shortly after they moved in, Amber Sessions saw eight snakes in one day. She texted her agent, she said, and he told her he was going to help them take care of it with traps.
The problem just kept getting worse and three months after they moved in, Amber Sessions, who was pregnant at the time, had enough of what seemed like the serpent house of horrors. She said she got so scared about coming across a surprise snake in the house that she was worried she would miscarry.
"One day, we caught 43 snakes in total and that was it. The next morning I almost stepped on one in our house and I had enough, we can't do this anymore," she told ABC News. "I don't know how we stayed there as long as we did."
The Sessions family eventually abandoned the home in December 2009, a day after their daughter was born and three months after they moved in.
Real estate experts say the Sessions' story is a hard-learned lesson in the importance of due diligence when searching for your dream home.
"This is a buyer beware nation," New York City broker Brian Lewis told ABC News. "You have to do your research because if you don't do your research, you end up with a house full of snakes."﻿
Copyright 2011 ABC News Radio
The Microlibraries Architecture
In computing, microlibraries is a software architecture style in which complex applications are composed of small, independent libraries communicating with each other using language-specific APIs. These libraries are small building blocks, that are tightly coupled and focused on doing a small task well, facilitating a modular approach to system-building.
How did we get here?
The world is becoming more and more modular every day. With the pressure of existing systems to be modularised under the hype of microservices, architects want to compose their system architecture of bite sized modules with well defined edges. The microservices architecture is the first software architecture style that has begun to make use of microlibraries.
Microlibraries Philosophy
The philosophy of the microlibraries architecture is similar to the Unix philosophy of “Do one thing and do it well”. It is described as follows
The libraries are small – fine-grained to perform a single function, literally.
The organization culture should blindly embrace automation of deployment and testing. This eases the burden on management and operations.
The culture and design principles should embrace failure and faults, similar to anti-fragile systems.
Each library is elastic, resilient, composable, minimal, and complete.
Examples
Microlibraries have particularly taken off in the JavaScript space with some hugely popular microlibraries that have even been hosted on the popular NPM website.
isArray — With 18M downloads last month this is the most popular microlibrary on NPM. It provides one function and it really delivers on it. More information at https://www.npmjs.com/package/isarray
— With last month this is the most popular microlibrary on NPM. It provides one function and it really delivers on it. More information at https://www.npmjs.com/package/isarray Left pad — With over 2M downloads last month this is another great example how a single function has been packaged into a microlibrary. See the examples at https://www.npmjs.com/package/left-pad
isPositiveInteger — This is a new, up and coming library with only 86 downloads last month but shows great potential. The author has succeeded in packaging a very important necessity of checking whether a integer (almost every number will do!) is positive. See https://www.npmjs.com/package/is-positive-integer for examples
Is-thirteen — This microlibrary is still on github and hasn't quite made it to npmjs.com yet, but sources say it is going through the review process. Already with hundreds of stars, tens of forks this project enables developer to check if the number is equal to 13.
However until now, this was other people's problem, mostly affecting JavaScript developers.
But now even the slowly moving world of Java is finally onto this microgoodness. One fantastic microlibrary that anyone should check out is isJRebel.
isJRebel — a microlibrary available on Github, that is looking for a permanent home in your code. It has the simple task of determining whether or not a String is equal to the String “JRebel”.
It's extremely simple to make use of microlibraries from your code. Here's an example in which I invoke my isJRebel microlibrary from a simple microapp that runs on the JVM.
@GrabResolver(name='jitpack', root='https://jitpack.io') @Grab('com.github.zeroturnaround:isjrebel:-SNAPSHOT') import org.zeroturnaround.isjrebel.IsJRebel println "Hello ${IsJRebel.isJRebel('JRebel') ? 'mad-mad' : ''} world"
If you tend to support the myth that Java is verbose, you might think this is a revolution! Well, in fact, the code above is actually a Groovy example. However, it is a working app, and you can save this snippet into a file, say, isJRebelTest.groovy and execute: groovy isJRebelTest.groovy to check if the world has truly gone mad.
Even now isJRebel has fairly advanced functional capabilities! It is aware of the common practices of including typos, l33t slang, and even can perform a case insensitive comparison. On top of that, isJRebel follows the best trends of microlibraries and pulls some wonderful dependencies into your code like the Apache commons library. Less advanced developers would consider it a massive overkill for such a simplistic task. However, it allows isJRebel to perform the task at hands in a very flexible manner and expands its capabilities to previously unimaginable depth.
Note isJRebel is a microlibrary in active development and the team are accepting contributions to some of the future features enhancements planned. If you want to help, fork the project and send the team a pull request!
Criticism
The microlibraries architecture has been subject to criticism for a number of issues:
libraries form information barriers as they are highly coupled
the architecture introduces additional complexity and new problems to deal with, such as dependency management with deep transitive dependency version hell, load balancing and fault tolerance
testing and deployment are more complicated
the complexity of a monolithic application is only shifted into the dependencies, so persists.
Nanoservices
Too-fine-grained microlibraries have been criticized as an anti-pattern, dubbed a nanoservice by Samoot Remor Nomis:
A nanolibrary is an anti-pattern where a library is too fine grained. A nanolibrary is a library whose overhead (project README, logo etc.) outweighs its utility.
Problems include the code overhead (constants being in separate projects), compilation overhead (pulling in the dependencies, network traffic), and fragmented logic (useful functionality not implemented in one place, instead requiring combining many libraries). Many call for the functionality in a nanolibrary to be packaged as part of a microlibrary.
More information
If you'd like to learn more about microlibraries and nanolibraries you can read all the documentation in microbook format, available on Amazon. Whereas traditional books tend to write too much fluff on a topic, bloating out concepts with information on edge cases, microbooks focus on being concise, only talking about key aspects of the subject matter. They achieve this by restricting their physical form to a post-it pad. This ensures authors cannot write too much, forcing them into documenting the key points only. As post-it note pads work well as flipbooks, they can also be used to produce off-line how-to videos, showing you microlibraries in action.
So it's been a little bit, but the time has come once again to return to the various myths and monsters of Mike Mignola's Hellboy (…I promise you, the alliteration won't be a recurring feature.)
With last entry's look at the first collection, Seed of Destruction, most of the work was pretty cut and dry, going into a handful of fairly known myths. For this installment, Wake the Devil, we're cutting more into some old world European folklore, including the first appearance of a particularly famous face we'll be seeing more of down the line.
That said, I will be prefacing this with a partial note regarding my prior entry – going into this run, I'm rereading some of these stories for the first time in years, so events of later works are a bit hazy. It is with this in mind that, if I am proven incorrect in a statement in an earlier entry (as I will acknowledge with regards to part of my entry on Rasputin last time) I will attach a note of correction where appropriate in this entry.
Okay. Let's get started.
-Vampires
Okay, this particular entry is one we'll be evolving as we go into later volumes. There's a good reason for this – vampires, by their general nature, are one of those forms of monster that has iterations in various different countries' lore, each with their own particular rules and nature to them. Given we'll be encountering other ‘types' in later volumes, we'll take each particular as it comes.
In this case, the particular vampire in question is one Vladimir Giurescu – a Romanian noble with a track record for serving in many battles, wherein he was cut down and seemingly rose from death.
The nature of Giurescu's vampirism is one that doesn't necessarily conform to a specific set of cultural rules, but rather builds from a composite of them. A good chunk is taken from what's known in the west as the most classic vampire narrative – an immortal being that feeds on the blood of the living, living in a castle, complete with the nearby village of victims.
The most distinct element of Giurescu's case, beyond its origins, is his ability to be healed by moonlight after he's been struck down. While it's more than likely Mignola incorporated this to tie into elements of the background of Giurescu, it does also have a small place in vampire lore. Said place, admittedly, is actually a fairly minor note later in the overall history of the mythology (primarily turning up in 19th century vampire fiction, most famously the book Varney the Vampire.)
Suffice it to say, there will be subsequent further entries on vampires as other lore and types are introduced into the series.
-Lamia
Speaking of Gieurescu's origins…let's get rolling on that front.
As referred to above, Giurescu's vampiric origins aren't quite those of convention here. This is instead tied into the Greek myth (and it's offshoots) of the cursed queen Lamia.
In her human life, Lamia was said to be a queen who, as so often happens to unlucky mortals in the Greek canon, became one of Zeus's many, many, many flings. Ever having to deal with her husband's infidelities, Hera decided to have her revenge on Lamia. This part has been told a couple of ways, two prominent examples being that Hera either kills or steals Lamia's children, after which Lamia is transformed into a child-eating monster (in the former version, it's Hera that does it, in the latter, she is driven mad and seeks out others' children out of jealousy, being eventually transformed by her own actions.) Another worth mentioning as it ties into another of this volume's entries is that, rather than being a human cursed into monstrosity, Lamia herself was a child of Hecate, who will come to shortly.
Going off of this monster form, the lore has also evolved to a grouping of demons referred to as Lamiae, that share similar traits but – relevant to the use in this story – rather than flat-out devouring children, survive on drinking blood. The common physical description of these, as well as what has been generally commonly accepted as the physical form for Lamia's transformed body – a serpentine creature with a woman's face, is also employed in Mignola's depiction in this story.
Which, of course, is then applied to this volume's depiction of Hecate.
-Hecate
A poster child for the malleable nature of myths and legends if ever there was one, Hecate's image has undergone many changes over the course of her story's life. Despite being most commonly known for her role within the Greek canon – the earlierest mention of her on record is actually among the Carians of Anatolia, Hecate is actually a deity that has been recognized among several cultures, for several different roles. On the one hand, in several circles, she is now as a goddess of nature and the wilderness, as well as being viewed as a mother goddess. On the other, she has also been seen over time as being a goddess of the underworld, sorcery, and death.
For this story, her particular role seems to be an amalgamation of a number of these aspects. As one of the primary antagonists – the end game of the story being to revive her into the world with the sacrifice of Guirescu – the sorcery aspect is already quite pronounced (particularly with her work being aided by the Witches of Thessaly [see below]). Alongside that, elements of her wilderness role-play a part – most notably with regards to her title as goddess of the crossroads (initially born out of a custom to make a sacrifice to her at a crossroads before setting out for a safe journey).
In this case, that is especially prominent, as the climax of the story involves Hellboy being left as a sacrifice at a crossroads (though that role is then conferred to Guirescu instead) for her resurrection.
As a general note goes, Hecate herself is still often recognized as a goddess figure within the Wiccan religion.
-Witches of Thessaly
‘Witches of Thessaly:
According to Greek folklore, women with the power to “draw down the moon,” to transform themselves into monsters, birds, and animals. They were know to eat corpses and excrement and possessed insatiable sexual appetites.' – Hellboy: Wake the Devil.
The region of Thessaly, in legend and literature, has developed a reputation for witchcraft, with the literature depicting several witch characters (one famous example – Erichtho – featured in several works of Greek literature).
In reality, the women of the region were believed to be astrologers, but their ability to predict lunar cycles was seen as witchcraft that allowed them to command the moon. One particular woman, Aglaonice, was known enough for this to merit a proverb declaring ‘As the moon obeys Aglaonice.' This aspect, not surprisingly, plays into this story quite a bit, playing into Giurescu's ability to be healed by moonlight, as well as several mentions of the moon's role in the rituals employed throughout this arc.
Besides this, the witches depicted in this story (who, as a decidedly non-Greek turn go, in one scene quote the witches from Shakespeare's Macbeth) also employ the mentioned shape-changing, taking on bird forms and at times resembling another figure of Greek mythology – the harpy.
-Baba Yaga
Before we go into this, a slight correction on the notes of my previous entry: As I said, I'm taking this information as it's presented volume by volume, and as such, I had erroneously credited Rasputin's occult teachings as a result of his encounter with the Ogdru Jahad. As this volume shows, prior to his brush with death in the Neva River, he was visited by Baba Yaga, who explained his fate and was entrusted with half of his soul.
It's only fitting that Baba Yaga would be a major mover among Mignola's antagonists. Though only a small part of this particular story (which also makes reference to a prior case that will be included in a later collection), Baba Yaga herself is among the more well known figures of European folklore.
A prominent character in Slavic legends, the old witch Baba Yaga is, depending on the story in question, either an aid or a hindrance, a friend or a foe. The things she provides can either test a hero or act against him, making her a fairly ambiguous character by design.
As this story is concerned, she is firmly entrenched in the latter camp, aiding Rasputin (in this volume providing him with an iron maiden previously employed by the infamous Elizabeth Bathory) and seeking revenge upon Hellboy for a previous slight. With what few pages she features in here, Mignola still includes two of the most distinct pieces of Baba Yaga's iconography, depicting her traveling in a signature giant mortar and pestle, as well as mentioning and featuring her residence – a house that travels on a pair of chicken legs.
This is an entry we'll likely be coming back to and modifying as new stories deliver new information, if only for the sake of refining and/or contrasting.
-Homunculus
Speaking of ‘We'll come back to this.'
I will admit, I could probably have left the Homunculus entry out of this part entirely, as the still dormant Roger is shown here, but doesn't do much in the greater story yet. At the same time, I'm keeping this in here as a quick entry for formality's sake.
Traditionally, a literally man-made human (often of small size), homunculi have been noted in stories as far back as 16th century alchemy. That Roger isn't fitting the typical type is acknowledged within the story as well as the alchemical origins.
For the purposes of this particular role, this will make for enough to start on. Rest assured, we'll be exploring homunculi and the mythology therein in the future.
-Ragnarok
So, in hindsight, I should have discussed this last time. Though it's not explicitly calling out the event of Ragnarok as defined in Norse mythology, there's no reason to not be at least a little thorough and discuss this quickly here.
Over the course of the first two volumes, Rasputin makes reference to a Nazi project being codenamed Operation Ragnarok. This is, of course, the name given to Norse equivalent of the Apocalypse – a fateful, final battle in which many of the great old gods will perish, the world will be drowned, and at the end, the few survivors will start anew.
Given Rasputin's plans for the Ogdru Jahad, he couldn't have picked a more suitable name for his project while also playing to Hitler's fascination with Norse lore.
-Yggdrasil
Appearing briefly in the epilogue of this story, the Yggdrasil is another call to Norse mythology – the so named World Tree that connects the various worlds of Norse lore.
In Mignola's setting, this is treated as a sort of mid-point between this world and the next. This serves as a sort crossroads where Rasputin meets with Baba Yaga (and where she has hidden her half of his soul). With much of her power lost from her encounter with Hellboy, she now resides there, unable to continue existing within the human world. She offers Rasputin the opportunity to stay with her, only for him to decline, resuming his efforts among the living.
That concludes the primary points for this volume. With the next volume, things will get a little more varied as we hit a collection of more short stories rather than a single narrative.
Keep an eye out in a month or so for the case file on The Chained Coffin and other stories.
Till then.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
Boston Red Sox fans who tuned in to this season's opening match between the defending World Champions and their bitter rivals, the New York Yankees, possibly thought last night's game should have featured this dependent clause of a disclaimer: “For wicked sliders lasting five innings or more…..”.
That choice of words may sound like a Pfizer commercial promoting the popular E.D. wonder drug, Viagra. However, there may be a new topical derivative of the pharmaceutical, called Slide-Agra, undergoing secret clinical trials in the Bronx Bombers Clubhouse.
Last night's starting pitcher for the Yankees, hard-throwing Michael Pineda, made only his second start since July of 2011, and racked up another solid six innings on the mound. With the exception of just two walks, however, his command was impeccable, and his slider was untouchable through the fourth inning.
Pineda's performance had to be encouraging to team manager, Joe Girardi and General Manager, Brian Cashman, who acquired the highly touted pitcher from the Seattle Mariners in exchange for high-baller (and recently DFA'd), Hector Noesi, as well as the perpetually overweight Jesus Montero.
After last night's game at the stadium though skeptics across the country have been looking at game tape to see if there's any substance behind Pineda's performance.
And by “substance”, I'm not talking in the abstract.
During the 3rd inning of last night's game television cameras captured what appeared to be a brown, shiny substance, similar to pine tar, on Pineda's throwing hand. Speculation immediately spread across the Internet that perhaps Pineda was gumming up the ball.
Suspicion further mounted during the fifth inning when the pitcher returned to the mound after obviously washing his hands. In post-game comments Pineda explained the brown substance was nothing more than dirt he had rubbed on his hand to absorb excess sweat.
Diehard Yankee fans had to roll their eyes and giggle at that explanation. Pineda quelling sweat with dirt is less believable than the Seattle Mariners Player Directory that still lists Jesus Montero at 235 pounds.
Dirt mixed with moisture is commonly known as mud. It doesn't reflect a sticky shine. Thus, if Pineda is going to insult the intelligence of baseball fans, he should do so with a story that is remotely believable.
The larger question is: if Michael Pineda has completely rehab'd his shoulder, why did he allegedly doctor his pitches? Does he know something about his own abilities that Yankee coaches haven't figured out? Is he inadvertently signaling his own deficiencies? Or is it possible he was just seeking a little extra something to keep a tighter grip on his balls on a cool night in the Bronx?
After two years on the DL it is understandable that Pineda might lack confidence and suffer occasional performance anxiety. In that regard, a bit of pine tar applied at the right time could probably give his game the type of lift he is looking for.
But why be so blatant?
Since the substance is dark brown and sticky, it's hard to conceal. Also, it doesn't disappear as fast as other water-soluble solutions, like KY, which was the apparent preference of famed spitballer, Gaylord Perry.
Moreover, the side effects of pine tar on a pitch as it travels through space are not always consistent, and vary depending on the actual dose administered. When applied to breaking balls, however, pitchers can be confident the substance will add a few inches of movement to their game. Sliders, in particular, are known to bend more due to the velocity of the pitch against the added friction.
From a pitcher's perspective, pine tar on a ball is only as good as the odds of getting away with using it, which are small. Whether Pineda used the substance or not is moot at this point because the Red Sox dugout never alerted umpires that anything was amiss. Therefore, he's off the hook with respect to last night.
Whether Boston's lack of apparent interest or action had anything to do with accusations last year by Jack Morris that Red Sox pitcher Clay Buchholz uses pine tar is unknown., however.
Certainly his next opponent will cast a keen eye on Michael Pineda's every pitch. If he's hooked on pine tar it could be a short season… and a short career.
Thanks for reading! “Testiclees” is a freelance writer, based in Seattle, who lives out his real-life under the fictitious name of Scott Gentry. Readers can view his blog at testeeawards.wordpress.com, interact with him @testeeawards on Twitter, email at testyawards@yahoo.com or “like” on Facebook. Give us a follow while you're at it – @LastWordOnSport, and “Like” our Facebook page!
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our writing team. Visit our “Write for Us” page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
“You like baseball? Get involved! Check out LWOS Partners Bases Loaded EU for fantastic podcasts, news and a growing message board community of baseball fans like you!”
Main Photo:
Writing async code is hard when not done properly. However there are ways to make it a breeze. One of them is to use promises and not have to worry about code being async or not.
I was looking around at different things and came across koa and got inspired to try a similar idea.
The basic idea of Koa is that when you need some async functionality you yield an async thingy like a promise or something similar and then koa waits for it to resolve and then continues your program injecting the new value into the function.
Sounds complicated? Let's try an example (all examples will only run in FF unless Chrome decides to support generators)
Let's start with a simple generator.
As you can see the syntax is function *() {} and you need to instantiate a generator before you can use it. For more info on the basics of generators see MDN
A cool thing about generators is that you can inject a value back into the generator function like so:
You actually can't inject something into the first .next() call, if you try you get this error: TypeError: attempt to send "a" to newborn generator
Using just these two concepts and the very basics about Promises, we can write something that:
Runs a generator until control is given back If result if promise like, then resolve it and inject the resolved value back to the generator Rinse and repeat.
Let's start to write just that. Here's what out program will look like:
function *program() { var rand; rand = yield getRandAsync(); console.log('first time around = ' + rand); rand = yield getRandAsync(); console.log('second time around = ' + rand); } function getRandAsync() { return Promise.resolve(Math.random()) } run(program());
Now all we need to do is write the run function:
function run(gen) { step(); function step(value) { var result = gen.next(value); if (result.value instanceof Promise) { result.value.then(step); } } }
Putting that all together:
Now a couple of nice thigs to have. Let's assume that sometime in the future getRandAsync is changed to just return a value and not a promise, we should handle that:
function run(gen) { step(); function step(value) { var result = gen.next(value); if (result.value instanceof Promise) { result.value.then(step); } else if (!result.done) { step(result.value); } } }
Easy enough. Now how would we handle concurrent async functions? Well the Promise object has a method all which handles it nicely, we just need to utilize it (MDN ctrl+f Promise.all ):
function run(gen) { step(); function step(value) { var result = gen.next(value); if (result.value instanceof Promise) { result.value.then(step); } else if (result.value instanceof Array) { Promise.all(result.value).then(step); } else if (!result.done) { step(result.value); } } }
Now we can yield an array of promises to run and Promise.all will handle them. The great thing about Promise.all is that it will handle an array of non promises just as well
putting that all together we get a very powerfull way to write javascript:
Gist
Multimillionaire tech mogul Gurbaksh Chahal — once one of San Francisco's Internet entrepreneur darlings until he was convicted of domestic abuse and ousted from his own company — was sentenced to 12 months in County Jail Friday by a judge citing his pattern of violence against women.
Prosecutors said Chahal, 34, attacked a woman in his San Francisco penthouse in 2014, just a year after beating a different woman in the same apartment, and that his actions violated the probation he was placed under as a result of the first case.
San Francisco Superior Court Judge Tracie Brown agreed with the district attorney's office last month, and ordered Chahal to surrender his passports. After she sentenced Chahal on Friday, he remained free on $250,000 bail, pending an appeal that his attorney has 30 days to file.
“I don't think it would be appropriate to keep Mr. Chahal on probation given the nature of the new incident,” Brown said in court.
It could have been worse for the tech founder, who stepped down as CEO of advertising company Gravity4 after last month's ruling that he had violated his probation. The district attorney's office recommended he get 18 months in jail, the maximum sentence.
Chahal, dressed in a suit and black tie, his shirt unbuttoned at the top, did not speak during the hearing, though he was given the option to address the court before being sentenced. He had no obvious reaction to the sentence, mostly looking forward with his head bowed.
Assistant District Attorney O'Bryan Kenney said during the hearing that Chahal had shown “a complete lack of remorse” after being accused of abusing the second woman.
Chahal had, according to prosecutors, violated the terms of his probation in other ways. In particular, they said, he yelled at his probation officer while discussing community service he was required to perform.
His attorneys, in arguing that he should not be sent to jail, cited his contributions to charitable causes. They also asked the judge to take into account Chahal's “functional neurological disorder,” saying the medical condition affects muscle strength and movement and comparing it with Parkinson's disease.
Chahal has stirred controversy and outrage since he was first arrested in August 2013, after he attacked his former girlfriend inside his Rincon Hill penthouse.
Police investigators seized surveillance camera footage that they said showed Chahal beating and kicking the woman more than 100 times. But a judge suppressed the video from evidence, ruling it had been unlawfully seized.
Prosecutors charged Chahal with 47 felony counts related to domestic violence. However, without the 30-minute video as evidence, Chahal struck a deal and pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor charges of domestic violence and battery, leading him to be placed on probation.
Chahal was removed from his role as chief executive of San Francisco advertising company RadiumOne soon after the plea. But just over a year later, Chahal allegedly attacked a woman he was dating.
On Sept. 7, 2014, prosecutors said, Chahal kicked a South Korean woman roughly 10 times in his apartment. They asserted that he conspired to keep the woman from talking to the police by threatening to report her to immigration authorities for purportedly faking a marriage to obtain a U.S. visa.
The woman returned to South Korea in the middle of litigation, prompting Chahal's defense team to argue he had a right to confront her in the probation hearing. Since the woman could not testify, Judge Brown admitted her statements to a 911 dispatcher and hospital workers into evidence.
Brown ruled last month that the video of Chahal's first attack could be entered into evidence when considering whether Chahal violated probation in the alleged second assault. However, she later sealed the evidence to protect the privacy of the woman in the video.
Kenney had argued for the judge to admit the video, calling the similarity between the two incidents “remarkable.” In both cases, he said, Chahal accused the women of infidelity. Kenney called on the court last month to immediately put Chahal in jail without bail, a request the judge denied.
Much of Friday's hearing centered on the availability of the South Korean woman to testify. Chahal's team said the woman had visited Las Vegas after telling the district attorney's office she could not return to the United States. Her refusal to show up suggested she was an “untrustworthy” witness, said attorney James Lassart.
“The Constitution requires that my client be able to confront his accuser,” Lassart said. “All activity indicates that she does not want to be confronted.”
Kenney said her actions did not affect her credibility, and he argued it was inappropriate for the defense team to have information about where and when the woman had traveled.
Before becoming chief executive of RadiumOne, Chahal founded and sold two Internet companies for more than $300 million, all by the age of 25. He also released a memoir: “The Dream: How I Learned the Risks and Rewards of Entrepreneurship and Made Millions.”
During his rapid rise to tech fame and fortune, he appeared on “The Oprah Winfrey Show.” He had a role on Fox TV's “Secret Millionaire,” a series in which wealthy individuals went “undercover” in poor neighborhoods — in Chahal's case, San Francisco's Tenderloin.
Once, he was named one of America's most eligible bachelors on the entertainment television program “Extra.”
Libby Rainey is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: lrainey@sfchronicle.com
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Browns receiver Terrelle Pryor was quick to refer any questions about the unsportsmanlike-conduct penalty against him to his head coach, Hue Jackson.
"I'll let Coach Jackson handle that," Pryor said multiple times following Sunday's loss to Baltimore.
"I'm not going to say if it was or wasn't (taunting)," Jackson said. "I haven't seen it. I've heard different sides of it, but they called it so we have to do a better job of making sure that we get the ball to the official and go from there."
The call came on the Browns' final drive of the game after Pryor caught a pass from Josh McCown at the 10-yard line. He appeared to be attempting to flip the ball to the official in front of him and hit Ravens defensive back Lardarius Webb on the shoulder with the ball. The trailing official threw a flag.
The taunting call ended up offsetting a defensive holding call on Webb and erased what would have been a first down inside the red zone with seconds remaining. Instead, the Browns had another first-and-10 from the Ravens' 30-yard line and McCown threw an interception on the ensuing play.
"I didn't see what he did," McCown said. "Obviously, very deflating because we are going to get down there tight and have some shots at the end zone where the clock is kind of no longer a factor. That hurt, but again, I didn't see what he did or what happened."
That was the tone from most players in the Browns locker room following the game, preferring to defer on whether the call was a good one or not.
"All I know is there was a call and everyone was going crazy about it," running back Isaiah Crowell said, "But I don't know exactly what happened, so I can't speak on it."
Joe Haden said he didn't have a good angle on the play.
"I looked back up at the Jumbotron and saw what it was," he said, "but I think (the official) thought (Pryor) probably flipped the ball at him."
Pryor did eventually let a little agitation show through.
"I'm just saying there's other people that can catch a ball and spin it and look at players in the face," Pryor said. "But if I get up and drop the ball -- clearly I wasn't trying to drop it on nobody. But I'll let Coach Jackson handles that."
-----
Follow me: on Twitter | on Facebook
IN THE early morning of September 19th Mary Pitcaithly, the person in charge of counting the votes in Scotland's referendum on independence, declared that the Scots had voted—by 55% to 45%—to stay within the United Kingdom. But with one British constitutional upheaval averted, it took David Cameron, the prime minister, little more than an hour to announce another one. Now that Scotland had decided to stay, with the promise of significantly more leeway to set its own policy, it was time to turn to the question of what to do about England. The prospect of a more powerful Scottish government, said Mr Cameron, meant that the time had come at last to grapple with the West Lothian question, a British constitutional oddity that has kept political scientists and pub bores in happy disagreement for decades. What is it?
Although the question dates back to the debates on Home Rule for Ireland in the 1860s (when the entire island was part of the United Kingdom), it was first raised in its modern form in 1977 by Tam Dalyell, then Member of Parliament for the Scottish constituency of West Lothian. He subsequently asked the same question so often that it became known as the West Lothian question. At the time, the UK was pondering whether to establish a devolved Scottish government. That would mean that MPs from England, Wales and Northern Ireland would not vote on certain matters of Scottish policy. But the reverse would not be true: because none of the other nations had a devolved parliament of their own, their affairs would be settled in the UK parliament, where Scottish MPs would still vote even though the policies passed would have no effect in Scotland. When a Scottish parliament (as well as a Welsh one) was finally created in 1999, the question ceased to be theoretical. On two occasions—a vote in 2003 about hospitals, and another in 2004 about university tuition fees—it became very non-theoretical indeed. On both those occasions, votes from Scottish MPs were necessary to push through the bills, even though neither one applied to Scotland.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
That is unfair. But, as those constitutional scholars and pub worthies have found, it is far from clear what to do about it. These days England is the only one of the UK's constituent nations without a parliament of its own. One answer would be to set up an English-only chamber, leaving the current UK parliament at Westminster to deal only with trans-Union matters like war, foreign policy, transport and infrastructure. But that is awkward for two reasons. First, the three existing devolved administrations have differing amounts of power, making it unclear what powers the English could expect to receive. Second, a federated UK would be a lopsided beast. England is home to 85% of the country's population and the lion's share of its economy. England could be chopped up into smaller, more manageable chunks. But whereas Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland each have a reasonably coherent national identity, the same is not true of England's regions. (One creative proposal is to revive the ancient medieval kingdoms of Wessex, Mercia and the like.) The citizens of the North East were offered a regional parliament in 2004, and voted "no" overwhelmingly.
Britain's constitution has always displayed a preference for pragmatism and gradualism over logical coherence. With that in mind, other reformers prefer less sweeping solutions. One idea is simply to cut the number of MPs that are sent to Westminster by Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. That is a very British proposal: it would not decisively answer the West Lothian question, but it would make it a little less pressing (albeit at the expense of giving the other three nations even less say over UK-wide affairs). Another idea is to forbid non-English MPs from voting on English-only matters (a convention that the Scottish National Party already observes), though critics foresee wrangling over which laws would count. The Economist's preferred solution is "double majority" voting, in which laws that affect England would require approval by both the entire Westminster parliament and, separately, by the English MPs sitting there. Most commentators agree that something, this time, really must change. But they have felt that way before. (Here, for instance, is an article from The Economist in 1997, arguing that the Question had become intolerable.) At the moment, in the febrile aftermath of the UK's near-death experience, things really do feel different. But it is not impossible that The Economist will be writing another explainer on exactly this question in a decade's time.
Dig deeper:
Scotland's place in the UK is settled. Time to deal with its larger neighbour (September 2014)
The referendum in Scotland has opened cracks in the United Kingdom (September 2014)
Mountains, skyscrapers, Oscars, rain: 28 charts show who gets what if Scotland secedes (September 2014)
This artist uses old computer parts to make cool city scares.
One of the greatest things about being an artist is that you can creatively turn one man's garbage into another man's little paradise. That is exactly what one artist, Benjamin Yates, is exhibiting by amazingly crafting fabulous future cities using what many of us consider yesterday's discarded technology.
While exploring his various techniques, Yates discovered he could put his designing and crafting skills to display by using old computers parts to create miniature cityscapes that are only comparable to forward-thinking cities.
Walking into his utterly blacked-out studio, it's instantly noticeable that Yates' creativity can be so crucial in the science fiction world. Using recycled electronic pieces, Yates created flash cities that are meticulous, electrifying and ultramodern. These mini cities are full with wee citizens going about their businesses on the streets, in a way that can perhaps be imagined in a future world.
Yates uses LED lights to give his minuscule cities electrifying looks that make it impossible to realize that the real structures lining the cities are just old PCs. He admits that the original idea of creating such futuristic cities was sown in him after watching the movie Tron as a kid.
“I watched Tron as a young boy and the complex graphics and the concept of a society within a computer instantly appealed to me,” he says.
His detailed works show how you can take outdated goods and incredibly turn them into environmentally friendly and fun objects.
[php snippet=2]
The Turkish government's massive crackdown since last year's attempted coup has targeted not only the putschists, but also the media, Kurdish politicians, as well as leftist, liberal and conservative oppositionists. The latest developments in this crackdown show that the regime is proceeding fast to the lowest point on its path to autocracy.
One particularly alarming omen is the arrest of six human rights activists, including Amnesty International's Turkey director, following a July 5 police raid on a gathering of civic activists on an Istanbul island. The move indicates that Ankara's suppression campaign has reached a new phase, turning to local and international human rights groups and civic society.
For Amnesty International Secretary-General Salil Shetty, the arrests represented a watershed. “This is a moment of truth for Turkey and for the international community. Leaders around the world must stop biting their tongues and acting as if they can continue business as usual,” he said, slamming the arrests as a “politically motivated persecution that charts a frightening future for rights in Turkey.”
The events have already had a chilling effect on civic society. The Citizens Assembly, for instance, postponed a “summer school” with Turkish and Armenian participants in Turkey, while the Berghof Foundation canceled a roundtable on the Kurdish problem.
The arrest of the six activists demonstrates how arbitrariness is increasingly permeating the justice system in Turkey. After the police raid on the meeting, a journalist asked President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to comment on the calls for the release of the activists during a press conference at the G-20 summit in Germany. Erdoğan claimed the purpose of the gathering was to plan subversive activities similar to the July 15, 2016, coup attempt, which Ankara blames on the Fethullah Gulen religious community. “Upon [a tipoff] received by intelligence services, the police carried out the raid and detained those individuals. They [the activists] are calling for what [the putschists] called. And by asking me this question, you, too, are supporting this call,” he said, adding that it was up to the judiciary to decide the fate of the detainees.
Obviously, Erdoğan had already made his decision. While passing judgment, proclaiming it to the world and even accusing the journalist who posed the question, he mentioned not the judiciary but the intelligence, which raises myriad questions over the rule of law. How Erdoğan's statement affected the court's subsequent decision to incarcerate the activists is another serious question.
Now, a brief account of the events that led to the activists' imprisonment. Back in April, about 30 activists from various associations gathered in the Mediterranean city of Antalya to discuss the human rights violations and political situation in Turkey as part of an initiative by the Human Rights Joint Platform, which brings together a number of leading advocacy groups, including Amnesty International's Turkey branch. Given the prevailing climate in Turkey, they opined that rights activists could also face prosecution, which would increase the importance of communication between fellow groups and the security of their websites and digital data. They decided to organize a special meeting on the issue. So that was the meeting the police raided. German national Peter Steudtner and Swedish national Ali Gharavi were present as consultants.
The police stormed the gathering on its fourth and last day, detaining all participants. Someone had reportedly tipped off the police. That person and the police apparently attributed secretive intentions to issues such as the protection of digital data and encryption. According to press reports, the prosecution reached a similar conclusion at the end of the 12-day detention period. Asking the court to remand the activists in custody, the prosecution wrote, “The suspects have followed the secrecy rules of terrorist organizations and talked about police seizing their phones, preserving the data in those phones, concealing the data even if the phones are seized and preventing the data from being seized by the police or others as well as encryption.”
The prosecution's opinion may have seemed to be a joke to the activists, but soon it turned into a nightmare. Even worse, no direct link was drawn between the raided meeting and the reasons the prosecution put forward for the arrest of the activists. According to defense lawyer Meric Eyuboglu, “The meeting allegedly constituted a crime, but looking to the reasons put forward to justify the arrests, we don't see a single word about the meeting.”
What constituted the evidence here was the interpretation of information obtained from the activists' computers and telephones rather than the content of the meeting they held. According to defense lawyers, one activist was questioned about a telephone call with a person who was being investigated for belonging to the Gulen community, while another was accused of links to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) after a banned book was found in his home.
In sum, the judicial investigation took for granted the tipoff or the intelligence report that incriminated the activists and embarked on an effort to dig out pieces of information to back it up. In other words, it was not following evidence to uncover a crime, but looking for evidence to suit the accused. As a result, six of the 10 detained activists were jailed pending trial, with some being linked to the PKK, some to a radical leftist group and another to the Gulen community, all considered to be terrorist groups in Turkey.
According to the Sozcu daily, the prosecution argued that “the suspects held a meeting aimed at creating movements that would lead to social chaos in line with the goals of terrorist organizations,” noting that “most of the suspects had links with terrorist organizations and were able to influence society due to their areas of activity.” The prosecution then concluded that the suspects “had acted with a deliberate intention to aid [terrorist groups] and had thus committed the alleged crimes,” demanding that the court jail the activists pending trial.
“Nothing is left to say. The law is finished,” defense lawyer Murat Dincer said in comments on the prosecution's stance. “Anyone who comes up with such a demand is after something else.”
And what could this “something” be? An effort to vilify human rights groups that struggle against rights violations and reach out to the victims? A move to intimidate anyone who might think of engaging in such activities?
Ozlem Dalkiran, one of the imprisoned activists, was one of my closest co-workers from 2008 to 2015, when I chaired the International Hrant Dink Award Committee, an initiative against violence. From 2001 to 2004, we co-managed a large international project called New Tactics and Strategies in Human Rights. A big symposium, which attracted some 400 rights campaigners from seven continents, was held in Ankara as part of the project, backed by a $400,000 contribution from the Turkish government. Erdoğan, then prime minister, and then-Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul made the opening speeches at the event, hailing human rights defenders and the importance of their work for a new Turkey. The audience, including Dalkiran and myself, greeted the speeches with applause. It was at this gathering when we had met Gharavi. Now he and the others are behind bars for defending human rights. A dramatic reversal, indeed.
Read more articles by
John Dennen
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
TYSON FURY made quite a splash at last week's press conference in Germany to officially announce his October challenge of heavyweight king Wladimir Klitschko, and the unbeaten Fury is full of self belief. But can the vocal challenger pull off the win?
Here, ten names from the world of boxing tell us what they think will happen in Dusseldorf:
Harold “The Shadow” Knight, former co-trainer of Lennox Lewis:
“I got for Klitschko by late stoppage, around the 11th round. Fury has no chin, he was dropped by Steve Cunningham, who is only a cruiserweight. Also, Fury has been largely inactive recently. Fury has not fought quality world class fighters. Fury's size is what keeps him in the fight as long as the 11th. I think he should take the whipping, take the experience and the money, and move on.”
Al “Ice” Cole, former IBF cruiserweight champion:
“To me there is no way Fury will win. Today's fighters, they don't think about winning or believe they can win. Their managers just try to set up their fighters to get a chance to fight for the title and make some money. Because these fighters have no skill or heart or desire to fight, they only try to make money. Also, today's trainers are people who didn't fight themselves or if they did were not any good – so they cannot teach. I cannot teach a person how to do subtraction if I cannot do addition!”
Tony Thompson, current heavyweight contender and former two-time challenger of Klitschko:
“I definitely give him [Fury] a shot. I wouldn't write him off, not with his size. With his size he won't have to work chasing Wladimir down. From the outside he can maybe hold his own and match Wladimir's jab. I heard he is maybe going to fight Wladimir from a southpaw stance, and with his stronger hand being the jab, maybe he can overcome Wladimir's jab.”
Chris Arreola, current heavyweight contender:
“I give him [Fury] a shot – you can't teach size! I just hope they get a good referee who won't allow all the holding [from Klitschko]. I think that could be an awesome fight. Fury's a ballsy fighter and I'm sure he wants to get down and fight. The problem is, whenever he [Klitschko] fights in Germany, he gets away with all the holding and it becomes boring to watch.”
James “Quick” Tillis, former heavyweight title challenger and the first man to take Mike Tyson the distance:
“I like Klitschko. I'm not sure if it will be a KO or points, but my pick is Klitschko to win.”
Peter McNeeley, 1990's heavyweight tough guy and former Mike Tyson foe:
“A pure and simple win for Klitschko, due to his great experience. Do I see a Klitschko KO? I hope so, I can't stand Fury and I don't want to hear him sing any more either!”
Clinton Woods, former IBF light-heavyweight ruler:
“I go for Klitschko to win by early KO. He is well past his best but he still has too much power for Fury. But I hope I'm wrong, I love watching Fury, he is great entertainment.”
Antonio Tarver, former light-heavyweight ruler and current heavyweight contender:
“Come on, man; Klitschko's just giving Fury a payday! He's [Fury] just big, a brute. But once Klitschko chops that tree down, that's it. He have no skills, I don't think, and he have no punch. As soon as Klitschko hits that chin, it's a wrap.”
Eric Molina, recent WBC heavyweight title challenger:
“I think Fury's size will get to Klitschko. Even though Klitschko is very strong, the game changes when you face a fighter who is bigger than yourself. Let's see how he [Klitschko] can adjust to being the smaller, shorter man in the ring.”
Charles Brewer, former IBF super-middleweight champion:
“Giants do fall! First off, I don't like Fury as I think he's arrogant as hell. Nor am I a fond Klitschko fan. But in my opinion Klitschko is more skilled and he has faced better opposition. My pick is Klitschko by 8th-round TKO.
CLICK HERE FOR A VIDEO INTERVIEW WITH TYSON FURY
By
Patrick Henningsen
21st Century Wire
It's no surprise that this latest announcement hardly registered on the US media who were busy covering Obama's latest flip-flop on Syria, and the US royal family's visit to Ireland. It's deception on a grand scale this time, and here's how it's done…
For the second time in as many years, Iran has once again made the right moves towards proving to the world that it is not, and will not be pursuing a nuclear weapons program. This time it announced it's halting its 20% enriched uranium, and has a solid partner in Russia to help make this happen. As one would expect, the US-led axis bloc has completely ignored this important development, opting instead to soldier forward on a predictable war path which the bellicose Israeli lobby running the US Congress and Senate has been campaigning for all these years.
When lawyers become Presidents
You can see why Obama was the candidate of choice for the Democratic Neoliberal machine in the US. As a lawyer-cum-salesman, he is a master in NLP, and casting verbal smokescreens – very generous with words, but very stingy when it comes to conclusions. White House spin doctors and focus group pollsters have already established that Obama's core supporters don't actually listen to the content of his speeches, most will suspend critical thought in favour of the joy they receive by simply hearing the sound of his voice. This allows the President to deliver a style, featuring a well-rehearsed cadence, rather than any specific meaning. By the time you finish listening to one of his long-winded conversations, it's hard to actually recall what's actually been said. Another aspect of this technique is to stretch out the answers to questions, before eventually contradicting one's self, leaving the average TV viewer in an induced state of intellectual paralysis.
During the President's recently staged interview with the CFR, Trialteral Commission and Bilderberg's own embedded ‘journalist', Charlie Rose, Obama was asked directly whether or not he thought that Iranian voters choice of moderate President-elect Hassan Rowhani, was significant and could this a BS positive development in terms of US diplomacy with Iran. In typical Obama style, he gave a verbose, highly vague, nonspecific answer, followed by:
“Our bottom lines have been: show the international community that you are abiding by international treaties and obligations – that you are not developing a nuclear weapon, based on that, there are a whole range of measure that can be taken to normalise relations between Iran and the whole world, but we don't know yet if they are going to take up that offer, they have not been during my entire my first term when we showed ourselves open to these discussions.”
“My general view is we are open to discussions, both through the P5+1, and through potential bilateral channels, and we recognise that you're not going solve problems all up front as a pre-condition for talks, but There has to be a serious recognition that the sanctions we put in place against Iran – the most power economic sanctions that have ever been applied against Iran, that those will not be lifted in the absence of significant steps in showing the international community that Iran is not pursuing a nuclear weapon. As long as there is an understanding about the basis of the conversation, then I think there is no reason why we should not proceed… ”
Incredible. The ambiguity in Obama's answers and the classic NLP ‘anchoring' techniques used throughout the interview are not accidental, they're intentional. Constant fuzziness and communicative misdirection. This has become the hallmark of nearly every Obama public statement. Unfortunately for Americans, Iranians and the rest of the peace-loving world, this is what we are stuck with as a President in America for now.
Obama is a microphone for K Street
Not surprisingly, the White House has completely ignored the significant announcement that Iran has confirmed it will halt its enrichment of 20-percent uranium, with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov still urging the West to end their sanctions against Tehran. Still, no answer from the west. Maybe Obama's speechwriters need a few weeks to figure out ‘what it all means'. They should have a statement ready by the time the Obamas return from their $100 million African safari vacation.
General thinking in the neocortex of Washington, which takes place within the CFR, neoconservative think tanks and on the kosher end of K Street, is that Iranian claims are all lies, made up as part of Iran's campaign of international propaganda designed to conceal its evil plans to wipe Israel off the face of the earth.
Sounds like a comic book plot, doesn't it? That's because it is.
So we have lawyers making deals with lobbyists. This is how they don't want you to see the Iranian narrative…
The brains of Washington might pretend to not fully understand the idiosyncracies underpinning the fact that Iran's having nuclear reprocessing capabilities does not automatically imply a nuclear weapons program, but of course, you should know by now that the facts of this matter are of little concern to them. They are merely shilling for an international energy and financial cartel who seek total dominance in their sectors.
The International Nuclear Mafia
The other huge issue in all of this that might be too deep, and too complex for the brains of Washington and its media surrogates to get their heads around, is the international nuclear energy lobby, a powerful cartel, who is more or less dictating Anglo-Franco-American foreign policy regarding anything to do with the nuclear industry.
After being burnt in business trying to deal with countries like France in the past, Iran is seeking total energy and technological independence.
The timing of Iran being declared as “Axis of Evil” amazing coincided with their movement forward in breaking the international nuclear monopoly stronghold currently being held between the US, Great Britain and France. The nuclear industry operates like a global cartel with three main players who divide the trade amongst themselves exclusively. Production material is handled by France. Production systems are handled by the United States. Reprocessing is done by the British. There are some minor exceptions to these, but overall, that's how it has worked over the years.
PHOTO: For Tehran, a nuclear program is a matter of national pride.
On the oil and gas front, here another reason why Iran are persona non grata: the US agenda remains to somehow force Iran to accept a private central bank and sell all of their oil only for US dollars. Again, it's an issue of operating outside of the monopoly.
Anglo-Franco-American dominance over the UN and the IAEA also mean that these agencies can be manipulated in order to frame the conversation only in terms of the threat of nuclear weapons in the future, and completely divorced from the real economic battles taking place. In addition, the UN has a built-in blind spot for Israel who is somehow exempt from any jurisdiction regarding nuclear weapons.
Of course, you have never heard the White House answer a question on any of that, nor will you ever hear Charlie Rose ask those questions, and you probably never will.
US ‘diplomacy' based on public deception
President Obama and his advisers are well aware that Iran is not on track to produce any nuclear weapons, so Obama's line that he understands that ‘you're not going solve problems all up front as a pre-condition for talks' is disingenuous at best, and a cynical lie targeting American voters at its worst. Washington is afraid of diplomatic talks with Iran because it would force the west to voice their true demands in public which appears to be something along the lines of, “Shut down your nuclear power program first, and then we can begin talking.”
The reality, of course, is that the Anglo-American foreign policy on Iran has never been and will never feature (under the current rulings powers anyway) any real political diplomacy, or “bilateral discussions” as Obama refers to them. Obama's intentionally ambiguous comments should reiterate this obvious fact. Rather, the policy is, was, and will be that of its two client state powers in the region Israel and Saudi Arabia – which is a policy of war, designed to maintain hegemony by either eliminating or severely crippling their chief economic and political rival in the region.
The US, its allies and Israel have already declared war on Iran by imposing binding economic sanctions in the absence of any actual evidence of Iran having a nuclear weapons program. Yes, you heard that right – the war has already begun. The timing of their game in Syria is design to cripple each of Iran's remaining allies in the region, Syria, and then Hezbollah in Lebanon – all in advance of their final push towards Iran.
It's also worth pointing out that the loud mouth on Iran's still nonexistent nuclear threat is Israel – a country who have refused to allow nuclear inspectors into its country and who, unlike Iran, refused to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, making Israel's leading role in all of this highly suspect to say the least.
Understand when you watch this tedious interview (below), that all of Charlie Rose's questions were vetted in advance, and those that weren't, were given to Rose by the White House. After nearly an hour, nothing conclusive could be determined from the President of the United States. That, is this administration in a nutshell.
In short, this was nothing more than a staged a corporate interview with CEO Obama…
.
(The first reader who you can correctly count how many times Barack says “Uhhhh….” during this interview, could win a T-shirt. Please leave your guess in the comment section below)
What now Barack? Iran ready to halt 20% uranium enrichment, West must reciprocate
A recent report from RT explains:
Iran has confirmed it is prepared to halt its enrichment of 20-percent uranium, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said, urging Western nations to end their sanctions against Tehran.
“For the first time in many years, there are encouraging signs in the process of settlement of the situation with the Iranian nuclear program,” he said in the interview to Kuwait's KUNA news agency, that was published on Russian Foreign Ministry's website.
“Without going into details, the Iranians confirm the most important [point]: Their readiness to stop 20 percent uranium enrichment at its current levels,” Lavrov said.“This could become a breakthrough agreement, significantly alleviating existing problems, including concerns about the possibility of advanced uranium enrichment to a weapons-grade level.”
Such a move “implies significant reciprocal steps by the Six,” the minister added, referring to the group of world powers seeking to peacefully resolve the issue of Iran's nuclear program.
“The international community must adequately respond to the constructive progress made by Iran, including gradual suspension and lifting of sanctions, both unilateral and those introduced by the UN Security Council. It would be a shame not to take advantage of this opportunity,” Lavrov concluded.
News of Iran's possible concessions over its nuclear program comports with promises made by Iranian President-elect Hassan Rowhani, who vowed to make the program more transparent.
Still, the moderate cleric stressed on Monday that Tehran would not consider halting the country's uranium enrichment activities entirely. Rowhani insisted that Iran's nuclear activities are“within the framework of law,” and dubbed the international sanctions “baseless.”
Despite numerous accusations by Israel and the US that it is secretly conducting military nuclear research, Iran has maintained that its nuclear program is only for civilian purposes.
At his first media conference since winning the presidential elections, Rowhani – who previously headed Iran's delegation during nuclear talks with the six world powers – said that Tehran's nuclear activities “are already transparent,” but “the only way to end the sanctions is to increase the transparency and trust” between Iran and the international community.
Washington has been expecting changes in Iran's hardline stance on the nuclear issue following the country's presidential elections. White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough said Sunday on ‘Face the Nation' that Washington is ready to work with the new administration in Tehran, “If he lives up to his obligations under the UN Security Council resolution to come clean on this illicit nuclear program.”
But Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu remained unconvinced: “The international community must not become caught up in wishes and be tempted to relax the pressure on Iran to stop its nuclear program,” he said.
President-elect Rowhani will assume office in August. He believes that he can heal the “old wound” of troubled US-Iran relations if Washington stops interfering in Tehran's internal affairs and permanently ends its “bullying” practices towards Iran.
READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files
By Dani Siragusa | A few years ago, my employer was applying for a grant. They were compiling statistics about the staff, per the grant's request, and one of the questions happened to be about sexual orientation. The completed grant application was shared with the staff, and the first thing I noticed is that everyone had been identified as lesbian, gay, or straight. This puzzled me, as I had come out as bisexual to my coworkers.
It was the perfect example of how being bisexual at the workplace is at times not validated or is overlooked.
When I approached the Human Resources department about the topic, the HR representative said, “I thought you were straight.” At this point I felt a big disconnect with the organization. For the next few years, I stopped talking about being bisexual, because I didn't feel confident that I would be taken seriously.
Around this same time, in a meeting, a coworker of mine said, “I don't believe in bisexuality. I don't think it's real.” I felt angry and annoyed. It was another instance where someone was speaking insensitively, and wasn't aware of who was in the room. It cemented my decision to not be open about who I was at work.
Now, in my current position at Out & Equal, with continued support from the leadership team, I finally feel comfortable about being out about my sexuality. My coworkers and supervisors encourage me to share my story and to be involved in the Out & Equal Bisexual Advisory Committee. The Bisexual Committee comes together to discuss ways that Out & Equal can be more inclusive and educated about bisexuality, and helps make choices around workshops and trainings. The committee is a filter through which our organization facilitates our strategic planning process, and it is a great resource for cultural competency. I am not quite 100% comfortable with being bisexual at work but I am definitely getting there.
Self Identification
One way that companies can avoid this type of misinformation and insensitivity when it comes to acknowledging staff is by offering voluntary self-identification in satisfaction surveys and HR records noting sexual orientation and gender identity. Once a company has this data, it can be used to help shape trainings, contribute to scripts used by HR, and generally open discussions around LGBT employees. Leadership also needs to be educated and informed about diversity and inclusion.
Coming out as Bisexual in the Workplace
The most important thing about coming out in the workplace, whether as L, G, B or T, is to be confident and open. The more you stay in the closet, the more insecure you will feel, and the fewer people will take you seriously when you do come out. The best thing you can do for yourself is to be comfortable (which, I know, sounds easier than it is), but it's a decision you have to make every day, in every situation.
Bisexuality is the most misunderstood sexual orientation, but the most common. By coming out as bisexual, it's hard to determine who will be accepting. Will the gay community be accepting? Will the straight community be accepting? You have to put these questions aside, and be true to yourself. There are a lot of myths surrounding bisexuality, but once someone meets a person who openly identifies as bisexual, these myths get debunked. By being open, proud, and confident, you will be putting your best foot forward, and your honesty and integrity will be contagious.
Advertisements
Federal and local authorities are looking for a woman they say has robbed or tried to rob several banks throughout metro Atlanta and one in Tennessee.
She most recently struck two banks — one on Cheshire Bridge Road in Atlanta, and the other on Barrett Parkway in Kennesaw — over the weekend, according to an FBI news release Wednesday.
From the information authorities have released, she usually walks in alone and hands employees a note demanding money. Police have not mentioned a weapon being involved.
Law enforcement officials describe her as being between 25 and 35 years old, with a slender to medium build.
Here's a rundown of the incidents police have detailed:
June 16 about 3:25 p.m. — She walks into the Wells Fargo at 602 Roswell St. in Marietta, hands over the note and leaves with an undisclosed amount of money.
— She walks into the Wells Fargo at 602 Roswell St. in Marietta, hands over the note and leaves with an undisclosed amount of money. June 26 about 4:25 p.m. — She gives a teller at the PNC Bank location at 5640 Roswell Road in Sandy Springs the note and leaves with an undisclosed amount of money.
— She gives a teller at the PNC Bank location at 5640 Roswell Road in Sandy Springs the note and leaves with an undisclosed amount of money. June 28 — The robber enters the Chase Bank at 2002 Howell Mill Road in Atlanta, gives the note and leaves again with an undisclosed amount of cash.
— The robber enters the Chase Bank at 2002 Howell Mill Road in Atlanta, gives the note and leaves again with an undisclosed amount of cash. June 29 about 11:55 a.m. — At a SunTrust Bank on Ringgold Road in Chattanooga, she hands over the note and “in spite of the threat contained in the note, the teller did not give the robber money.” The robber demanded the teller give the note back and she split. Police did not give details about the threat in the note.
— At a SunTrust Bank on Ringgold Road in Chattanooga, she hands over the note and “in spite of the threat contained in the note, the teller did not give the robber money.” The robber demanded the teller give the note back and she split. Police did not give details about the threat in the note. July 8 — She enters the Chase Bank at 2350 Cheshire Bridge Road, and for unknown reasons, fails to come away with any money.
— She enters the Chase Bank at 2350 Cheshire Bridge Road, and for unknown reasons, fails to come away with any money. July 8 at 10:40 a.m. — She walks into the Navy Federal Credit Union at 1300 Barrett Parkway in Kennesaw, gives the note and leaves with an undisclosed amount of cash.
If you have information about the case, contact Crime Stoppers Atlanta anonymously by calling 404-577-TIPS (8477) or texting “CSA +” your tip to CRIMES (274637).
Like Cobb County News Now on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
In other Cobb news:
Neil Gaiman has just announced his latest project, which should arrive in bookstores on February 7, 2017–a book of rewritten Norse mythology, published by W. W. Norton.
Gaiman was approached for the project by an editor at Norton, and quite pleased to be asked:
“To get the opportunity to retell the myths and poems we have inherited from the Norse was almost too good to be true,” Mr. Gaiman said in a statement released by his publisher. “I hope the scholarship is good, but much more than that, I hope that I have retold stories that read like the real thing: sometimes profound, sometimes funny, sometimes heroic, sometimes dark, and always inevitable.”
Fans of Gaiman's work know that Norse mythology has always been a heavy influence on his stories, with much of the pantheon making repeated appearances in his work, from Odd and the Frost Giants to American Gods to Sandman.
For those who are keen to know what Gaiman is working on next, he assured readers on Facebook:
Now back to finishing the Good Omens TV series and starting the next actual proper novel. (And yes, many of you have guessed correctly what that is going to be.)
Many fans have assumed that the next box will be the sequel to American Gods, the TV adaptation of which debuts on the Starz network in 2017. The upcoming book of untitled Norse myths, titled simply Norse Mythology, is also available for preorder through your preferred retailer.
via New York Times
Fire Emblem Echoes Shadows of Valentia Limited Edition Fire Emblem Echoes Shadows of Valentia Limited Edition Nintendo 3DS Nintendo 3DS
Omschrijving
Wanneer een burgeroorlog dreigt, moeten twee jeugdvrienden zich na lange tijd weer herenigen, hun krachten bundelen en de vrede op het continent herstellen. Spelers beleven het in Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia voor de Nintendo 3DS-systemen. Deze versie van het klassieke Fire Emblem Gaiden (NES) is opnieuw gemaakt en verbeterd, en verschijnt nu voor het eerst buiten Japan. Zo kunnen Europese spelers genieten van een gloednieuw Fire Emblem-avontuur met een legendarisch verleden.
Fans van de Fire Emblem-serie kunnen kiezen voor een luxe Limited Edition, met daarin de game, een hardcover artbook, metal pixel pin badges van Alm, Celica en Marth zoals ze in het de originele game Fire Emblem Gaiden uit 1992 verschenen, een omkeerbare hoes, de cd “Sounds of Echoes” met een selectie van de soundtrack en de amiibo-figuren van Alm en Celica. Deze amiibo geven beide toegang tot hun eigen, exclusieve kerker, waarin helden voorwerpen kunnen verdienen en hun legers kunnen versterken door eindbazen te verslaan.
Reviews
Following Thursday night's explosive Republican primary debate on Fox News, MSNBC's Morning Joe was in Cleveland for reaction. A panel heaped praise on Ohio governor John Kasich, particularly regarding his response to a question from Megyn Kelly about Medicaid expansion. Willie Geist described it as “the best answer of the entire night that any candidate gave.” Host Joe Scarborough thought he “hit it out of the park.” John Heilemann, regular guest on Morning Joe and host of Bloomberg's With All Due Respect, claimed Kasich's general performance was “Reaganesque in some ways.”
In fact, not one contributor to the show disputed the contention that the Ohio governor had a great night. Co-host Mika Brzezinski thought Kasich had a “good night.” Former RNC chairman Michael Steele believed that his strong debate will eventually “show him moving up rapidly” in the polls.
Heilemann added to his comments about Kasich's “Reaganesque” temperament, saying “he spoke the language of optimism...[h]e was sunny, he was hopeful, and he was very much himself. And that again is really playing to his advantage as he tries to get a little altitude in this race.”
After first criticizing the debate moderators for softball questions – with the exception of those directed at businessman Donald Trump – Scarborough mentioned that the Medicaid expansion question from Megyn Kelly was tough:
Basically saying do we have to worry you about you using Jesus to raise our taxes and raise spending? [inaudible] So, that was very tough. Which actually is one of the things, Willie, that made Kasich's answer to that so impressive. That – unlike Donald Trump, Kasich got a fastball at his head and he hit it out of the park. That was one of the better moments all night.
Positive press for John Kasich's performance hasn't been limited to Morning Joe. Last night, Andrea Mitchell cheered the Ohio governor's defense of his decision to support Medicaid expansion.
The relevant portion of the transcript is below.
Players are unpaid, must provide their own insurance, and clothing offers dubious protection. But there is the TV exposure
Despite getting more TV coverage than most female sport teams could ever imagine, women who compete in the Legends Football League – a form of American football previously known as the Lingerie Football League (no prizes for guessing the selling point) – don't get paid.
Guardian Australia confirmed with competition organisers that LFL players receive no wages, competitors have no minimum training session attendance requirements and many have never played American football before.
Organisers also confirmed that players must rely on their own insurance, despite the obvious injury risks from a game based on American football.
“Much like every amateur sport, the athletes use their primary insurance for treatment of injuries. The LFL does provide secondary medical services through its network of sports medicine sponsors," a league spokesman said. This means if players suffer a serious injury and are required to have time away from work they are not entitled to any compensation from the league.
Sydney University student Tal Stone attended an LFL training session in 2012 where she was “handed an application form, talent release and ‘Waiver of Compensation' form”. Stone told Guardian Australia the staff running the training session said the LFL would not be liable if she was injured while training or playing in the league.
“I saw one of the American players on crutches and wondered how she was paying for her treatment,” she said.
Stone was concerned because “at the training session we were encouraged and to a point intimidated to act aggressively towards the other girls trying out. In one girl-on-girl drill, we had the US players circling us shouting at us and trying to rally us to bring harm to the girl we were up against. If we lost, the US players would mock us, and yell ‘you're a pussy'. We were told to ‘pancake the shit out of her' and told to ‘put her in the parking lot'.
“We were playing on AstroTurf. I still have scars from the burns I got from my skin having contact with it,” Stone said.
Asked about the competitors' uniforms, fashion commentator and author Mel Campbell said she was particularly worried about “cuts and grazes from grinding and bashing their bare skin again helmets, padding or hard artificial turf”.
Campbell also wondered whether the male spectators enjoyed seeing women getting “broken wrists, shoulders, ribs or necks like LFL player Marirose Roach who was rushed to hospital with a broken neck." Campbell believes safety could be improved if players' uniforms were designed more for protection and less for titillation.
Stone told Guardian Australia that rather than players getting advice on safety, “training ended with a pep talk about how to look sexy on Saturday night. We were told to turn up a couple of hours beforehand for hair and make-up. ”
By contrast with the coverage afforded the LFL, netball was dumped from commercial free-to-air television in 2012 and has since struggled to salvage a deal with Foxtel and SBS. The latter shows a single match at midday on Sundays (which apparently not a single commercial television channel was interested in showing, even at that non-obtrusive timeslot).
Next year's Netball World Cup is expected to bring 17,000 to the grand final in Sydney, but Netball Australia's desperate attempts to find a commercial TV broadcaster have so far come to nothing.
It's a given that there will be enough men of a certain disposition to watch the LFL games. What is harder to understand is why a woman would engage in this arguably demeaning conduct and not even get paid. Are free labour and sexploitation suddenly appealing if they come with admiration and fame?
LFL organisers said “these athletes absolutely love the sport and their involvement. It's a shame that their love of the game and commitment to the game is completely overlooked by most of these agenda-driven writers. Remember one very simple point, these athletes chose to compete in the LFL, no athlete has ever been mandated to be part of the LFL and in fact can choose to leave their club at any point.”
While many of the players are high-level athletes, others have little to no experience of playing American football, so it's hard to swallow the argument that they play purely for the love of the sport.
LFL player Anna Heasman has defended the game, saying: “We are an aesthetically driven society, as much as we like to believe that we're better than that … It does prove exhausting continually facing the critics and truthfully it seems to be women that are the hardest on their fellow women.”
I would like to think I am not the only person who loves watching female athletes for their skill, grace, style and strength. Do most people really not value women's physicality unless it involves sex, pain and subordination?
A photographer in the UK is accusing the Royal Mail of smashing his camera lens “to smithereens” on its journey to an eBay buyer and then refusing to provide reimbursement. The zoom lens wasn't just damaged from rough handling: it somehow got turned into a pancake lens.
The Daily Mail reports that 24-year-old Jacob Hawkins of Sheffield, Yorkshire, had carefully packaged his £300 (~$393) Tamron 70-300mm f/4-5.6 VC lens for shipment in bubble wrap and Styrofoam after selling the used lens for £200 (~$263) to a buyer on eBay back in August.
A week later, however, Hawkins received photos from the buyer in London showing that the lens had somehow gotten flattened somewhere along the way. Hawkins says the lens had gotten “smashed to smithereens, looking like an elephant had trodden on it.”
“My best guess is that one of their cars ran it over,” Hawkins tells the Daily Mail, “because if you look at the package you can see the rock indentations down one side where it's been on the floor. It must have been a vehicle that drove over it or something.”
Hawkins refunded his buyer's £200 payment and immediately filed a complaint with the Royal Mail, which took a month to acknowledge the complaint and initially refused to reimburse him for the loss.
“The buyer sent the lens off to the Royal Mail to be evaluated and then they sent it back to me with a letter stating they won't be paying anything,” Hawkins tells PetaPixel. “They said it wasn't protected well enough.
“The lens was shipped ‘Special Delivery Next Day Guaranteed (before 1 pm),' which is advertised as ‘the' service for valuables and insures products up to a value of £500. They state on any adverts that if any product shipped with this service lost or damaged with be refunded in full.
“It doesn't state anywhere about how thick packaging should be or even provide links to their terms and conditions. It was protected well enough for knocks and bumps' as it states on the terms and conditions, but they said it wasn't sufficient enough and denied all liability of driving over it.”
“I thought paying for a premium service it would be treated differently from the rest of the mail but I guess not,” Hawkins tells PetaPixel. “Paying insurance is pointless if it needs to be packaged well enough to prevent damage from being driven over.”
After escalating the case twice with the Royal Mail to no avail, Hawkins turned to the media. Once the story got out in the press, the Royal Mail finally offered to reimburse Hawkins for the destroyed lens. Hawkins finally received the “goodwill” check today.
“Once the press got involved and contacted them, I was contacted by one of the CEO of the company who offered a ‘goodwill' payment equating to the value of the lens and the service provided,” Hawkins tells PetaPixel. “But they denied any liability and insisted all practices were followed correctly.”
(via Daily Mail via Fstoppers)
Image credits: Photographs by Jacob Hawkins and used with permission
Hillary Clinton defended on Monday her push for regime change in Libya while she served as secretary of state, telling MSNBC's Chris Matthews the U.S. “didn't lose a single person” in the North African country.
But the Democratic presidential candidate appears to have forgotten about the Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist attacks that left dead Ambassador Chris Stevens, State Department information officer Sean Smith and former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty.
Clinton was one of the most ardent voices for invading Libya and deposing its dictator, Col. Moammar Gaddafi. The New York Times recently reported in detail how Clinton helped convince an ambivalent President Obama to enforce a no-fly zone in Libya and to support rebel forces.
Matthews asked Clinton how she could support regime change in Libya while now opposing the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
“Libya was a different kind of calculation, and we didn't lose a single person,” she said in defending her apparently conflicting positions.
Two elections have been held in Libya since Gaddafi's ouster, Clinton pointed out. But she did not acknowledge that ISIS has gained more power in the majority Muslim nation.
WATCH:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Star CBS reporter Sharyl Attkisson announced Monday that she has resigned from CBS.
She grew tired of the network's liberal bias.
"Attkisson who's been w CBS News for 2 decades, had grown frustrated with what she saw as the network's liberal bias” http://t.co/3ZAna7X8Ds
Attkisson won five Emmy awards at CBS.
The Politico reported:
CBS News investigative correspondent Sharyl Attkisson has reached an agreement to resign from CBS News ahead of contract, bringing an end to months of hard-fought negotiations, sources familiar with her departure told POLITICO on Monday.
Attkisson, who has been with CBS News for two decades, had grown frustrated with what she saw as the network's liberal bias, an outsized influence by the network's corporate partners and a lack of dedication to investigative reporting, several sources said. She increasingly felt like her work was no longer supported and that it was a struggle to get her reporting on air.
At the same time, Attkisson's own reporting on the Obama administration, which some staffers characterized as agenda-driven, had led network executives to doubt the impartiality of her reporting. She is currently at work on a book — tentatively titled “Stonewalled: One Reporter's Fight for Truth in Obama's Washington” — which addresses the challenges of reporting critically on the Obama administration…
…Others have suggested that CBS News itself was politically biased: “It's no secret that Sharyl has been unhappy about CBS's lack of interest in investigative reporting, especially when it comes to stories about the Obama administration,” a source close to Attkisson said.
Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) said Tuesday that the GOP has already suffered a key defection on its healthcare reform bill and it may make sense to move past the issue sooner instead of later.
“We're stuck. We can't get there from here,” Graham told reporters. “I'm very leery of a healthcare bill passing the Senate that can get through the House. We've already lost Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE, so we're down to 51.”
Graham said Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) is “irretrievably gone,” meaning GOP leaders can only afford one more defection and still pass legislation repealing and replacing ObamaCare.
ADVERTISEMENT
“He's not going to vote for any bill that has refundable tax credits to help low-income people buy healthcare,” Graham said of the Kentucky senator, who is one of the most conservative members of the GOP conference.
“While we do have a press assistant opening in the Communications Department, Senator Graham has not applied and should not make public statements on behalf of Senator Rand Paul,” Paul spokesman Sergio Gor said in a statement, however. “Senator Paul remains optimistic the bill can be improved in the days ahead and is keeping an open mind.”
Republicans control 52 seats in the Senate, and Vice President Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE can break a 50-50 tie, but three GOP no votes would spell the end of the legislation.
Graham is the latest Republican senator to publicly express doubt over the Senate's ability to pass a healthcare reform bill that has any chance of later passing the House and becoming law.
There's growing concern within the GOP conference that they will end up spending too much time on a healthcare debate that goes nowhere and will then have less chance of overhauling the tax code, another top priority.
Graham said if the Congressional Budget Office score for the Senate healthcare bill is as negative as its analysis for the House-passed measure, “we're in trouble.”
“We need to bring this to an end and move to taxes,” he said. “A lot of the blame is on the Congress here.”
Sen. Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller's investigation MORE (R-N.C.), one of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE's (R-Ky.) the closest allies in the Senate GOP conference, last week said he did not think the Senate would be able to pass a comprehensive healthcare reform bill this year.
“I think it's unlikely we will get a healthcare bill,” Burr told a local television station, calling the House bill “dead on arrival” and “not a good plan.”
McConnell told Reuters last month that he does not yet know how he will find 50 votes to pass a healthcare overhaul, a comment that was interpreted among Senate Republicans as lowering expectations for a legislative victory.
Graham said on Tuesday Republicans should “let ObamaCare collapse” and then work with Democrats to “find a better solution.”
He added that the GOP should move quickly to taxes.
“On taxes, that needs to be the next agenda item. We need to do it in calendar year 2017,” he said.
--Jordain Carney contributed to this report, which was updated at 3:22 p.m.
I received a package on Christmas eve with my reddit username on it, and in it was a keychain of Ryuko's sword scissor from kill la kill. I was over the moon :)
But then I got a message from my Santa on Christmas day with a link to a guessing puzzle he made based on kill la kill. A few questions had me stumped, but when I got them I was rewarded with a copy of Monaco for steam :D (I was really surprised I thought my Santa went really above and beyond)
edit
After posting this the first time i got a message from my santa, there was another puzzle link further down the page so i checked it out and answered the questions. Then i got a copy of Towerfall Ascension. But wait there's more!
There was another link to more questions, after i got these right my SS gave me some bitcoins he had mined :O i read about them a bit when they where all over Reddit but now i'm more interested now that i have some :P
Then another puzzle! This time when i answered them i got a $25 Kiva Card, (i'll post a pic of my SS's description of them and here's a link http://www.kiva.org/ )
All in all this has been a great experience and i can't thank my santa enough :D Merry Christmas!
crime
The 36-year-old driver was arrested within 12 hours and he told the police that he could not resist himself and assumed that the victim wouldn't be able to do anything as she was a foreigner
“Is it safe to take an Uber at this time?” asked Isabella (name changed).
The 32-year-old Italian had moved to Mumbai just six months ago and already loved the city, but still didn't know her way around properly. It was around 11 pm, but her friend assured her she had nothing to be worried about — Mumbai was safe. Half-an-hour later, this confidence in ‘safe Mumbai' fell flat on its face when the Uber driver stopped the car at a secluded spot and molested Isabella.
Also read: Social media forces Uber to suspend driver who molested woman in Mumbai
Uber driver, Shehbaz Shekhani, was arrested from Mandvi, south Mumbai yesterday on charges of molestation
Thanks to prompt action by the police, the driver — identified as 36-year-old Shehbaz Abdul Sattar Shekhani — was arrested within 12 hours.
Also read: Uber driver held for lewd behaviour with woman passenger in Bengaluru
Shekhani told the cops, “I could not resist myself after watching her. As she was a foreigner, I knew that she wouldn't know anything about Mumbai and thought she could not do anything to me.”
Survivor's tale
Isabella was having dinner at her friend's house at Pali Hill on Thursday night, after which, she had to go to Versova to ring in a friend's birthday. The 32-year-old doctor booked a cab after her friends persuaded her it that was perfectly safe. The driver, Shehbaz, seemed friendly and struck up a conversation.
Also read: Uber driver held for 'touching himself' in front of female passenger
With the roads empty at night, it was supposed to be just a 15-minute ride from Bandra to Versova. Instead, the accused drove into a secluded bylane.
A police officer said, “The accused repeatedly asked the woman to come and sit ahead with him, so it would not be a bumpy ride. But she was uncomfortable and refused. Later, he told her that he could not see through the rear windshield properly and stopped the car to clean it.”
Under the pretext of cleaning the windshield from the inside, the driver let himself into the back and began to molest Isabella.
She told mid-day, “I didn't know where I was. When I started screaming, he went back and sat in the driver's seat, and drove on.” She even called her friend and began to narrate what had happened, after which the driver
panicked.
Also read: Uber cab driver gets jail for life imprisonment for raping woman executive
An officer said, “At Gajdarband, he stopped the cab opposite a hotel and approached the woman again. She screamed and told him to leave her. The accused sensed that he could be caught, so he grabbed the woman and pushed her out of the cab onto the road. He then escaped in his car and drove towards south Mumbai, where he lives. He also stopped to eat at Nair Hospital.”
The woman called her friends again and they went to Khar police station to report the crime. As the jurisdiction fell under Santacruz police station, the Khar police filed a ‘Zero FIR' under Section 354 (molestation) of the IPC and transferred the case to Santacruz police. Meanwhile, the Crime Branch also started a parallel investigation. Yesterday afternoon, Shehbaz was arrested outside his home at Mandvi, in south Mumbai.
Blue Origin, the private space company owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, made history by being the first company to launch and land its New Shepard reusable rocket for a second time.
The launch, which took place on 22 January, saw New Shepard travelling to the Karman line (63 miles above Earth) before returning back to Earth. In a blog post on Blue Origin's website, Bezos makes the whole ordeal sound incredibly simple to do – something we know can't be true thanks to SpaceX's landing issues. However, there's one crucial difference with how Blue Origin handles its rocket landings.
Video of Launch. Land. Repeat.
“Rather than [New Shepartd] translating to land at the exact center of the pad,” writes Bezos, “it now initially targets the centre, but then sets down at a position of convenience on the pad, prioritising vehicle attitude ahead of precise lateral positioning. It's like a pilot lining up a plane with the centre-line of the runway”.
Bezos compares this new landing style to that of a pilot landing a plane, explaining that a pilot just lands “a few feet left or right of the centre-line”, instead of trying to hit the exact midpoint. Bezos is essentially saying the new landing technique succeeds because it emulates a human approach to landing.
Blue Origin's successful second landing of a reusable rocket goes to show that the future of more sustainable spaceflight is truly possible. Thanks to this success, Bezos sees New Shepard launching and landing again and again this year as they begin testing the BE-4 engine and scaling up booster sizes.
Let's just hope we'll see more celebrations like this from both Blue Origin and SpaceX.
Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton is always a topic of conversation among NFL fans these days, but that was even more true on Wednesday.
At his mid-week press conference, Newton sparked another round of conversation by saying race affects how he's perceived. "I'm an African-American QB that scares people because my skill set isn't like anybody else," Newton said.
While that is part of it, there's also the fact that Newton's brash persona rubs some people the wrong way. Charles Barkley, a brash and successful former athlete, said he totally understands why people would dislike Newton by the way he acts on the field.
Article continues below ...
Now add former Chicago Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher to that mix.
Urlacher told USA Today that he's not a fan of the way Newton celebrates all of the time and says he wishes he'd be more like Peyton Manning, who is widely applauded for being a classy competitor.
“I played defense so I don't like when guys celebrate with dances and stuff. You know who I like the way he celebrates is Peyton. He kind of gives the guy a handshake and goes back to the sidelines. I think that's a great celebration right there. You don't see him dancing. You don't see him doing all of that stuff. Even when he gets a first down he doesn't do anything.”
That said, Urlacher wouldn't mind if the Panthers won the Super Bowl, as Ron Rivera was his coach in Chicago.
“I'm a huge Ron Rivera fan, I played for Ron for three years in Chicago. Obviously Charles (Tillman) is there and Jared Allen, I've known Jared for a few years. I'd like to see Peyton go and win the Super Bowl and then retire because I'm such a huge Peyton Manning fan but at the same time you don't get many chances to get back to the Super Bowl and so Carolina, you know you'd like to see them win as well.”
And to everyone criticizes Cam for his celebrations, well, he has a message:
Back in 2005, the magical and mysterious world of C. S. Lewis's epic fantasy The Lion, The Witch & The Wardrobe was brought to the big screen. Filled to the brim with talking animals, mythical creatures, otherworldly conflicts and one White Witch who rules the land submerged in deep winter for a hundred years, the on-screen adaptation was undoubtedly a marvel to behold. Need reminding of exactly why? Here's the trailer:
Error loading player: No playable sources found 
Indeed, when the Pevensie siblings curiously stepped out into the world of Narnia through a magical wardrobe, it kick-started one of the most successful fantasy franchises in recent history. And unsurprisingly, the actors who portrayed the WW1-era brothers and sisters were catapulted into superstardom.
Eleven years on, and they have followed in the footsteps of many child stars and grown into beautiful swans — in other words, they've Eleven years on, and they have followed in the footsteps of many child stars and grown into beautiful swans — in other words, they've completely Neville Longbottomed. Don't believe me? Take a look:
1. Georgie Henley
Georgie was cast at the tender age of 10 as Lucy. Over a decade on, and the beautiful red-head is still showing off her acting skills in various projects, while also studying English at Cambridge University. Most recently, she appeared alongside equally grown-up child-star Abigail Breslin in Perfect Sisters. Take a sneak peek at the trailer:
Error loading player: No playable sources found 
2. Skandar Keynes
Just like Georgie, Skandar Keynes also spent a lot of time getting his brains into gear at Cambridge University. After bidding a fine farewell to his role in the movie series (he appeared in three of the movies!), he enrolled in an Arabic and Persian Languages course at the world-renowned institution.
3. William Moseley
In the movie, 18-year-old William was cast as Peter, the eldest of the Pevensie siblings. Today, he is 28 and has morphed into an exquisite man with a jaw-line to die for — just take a look at this absolute babe:
Since his Narnia days, he's been best known for his performance as Prince Liam alongside Elizabeth Hurley in The Royals.
4. Anna Popplewell
Following her performances in the The Chronicles Of Narnia series, Anna (who played Susan) went on to study at the University of Oxford in England. These days, you can catch her in Reign — she plays the part of Lola in the drama that follows the life of Mary, Queen of Scots.
Are you surprised at how the Pevensie siblings turned out?
Accumulation by Dispossession
Maehkaenah-Menaehsaeh (Turtle Island) has sustained people and other living things from time immemorial. Complex and interconnected systems of life make up its forests, rivers, lakes, prairies, and tundra. Beneath the ground, millions of years of intricate geological processes have resulted in deposits of copper, oil, and other metals and minerals, which Indigenous peoples have used for generations. In the eyes of the European colonists who began occupation in the 1400s, this land held a different kind of value. Ancient forests could be logged, and the timber sold or used to build ships, railroads, and settlements that would nourish population growth and stimulate the economies of their home countries through remittances. Copper, gold, coal, and other metals and minerals could be ripped from the Earth using industrial technologies that had irreversible effects on the environment.
Colonists envisioned Canada as a nation of white settlers, but they enlisted disposable, cheap, and exploitable labour, often indentured Chinese workers, to do the dangerous and frequently fatal work of creating railways, mines, and other drivers of the burgeoning capitalist economy. The Canadian state was formed from a distinct process of displacing Indigenous peoples from their land and using racialized labour to build infrastructure and to “tame” that land. The process of primitive accumulation (or accumulation by dispossession) that arose from both the resource extraction on Maehkaenah-Menaehsaeh, and the enslavement of African and other peoples, were, and remain, the major forces that allowed the capitalist world economy to emerge in the first place.
Extraction continues to play a central role in the capitalist economy. Canadian mining companies have a global presence, extracting vast amounts of capital from Indigenous lands on multiple continents and leaving forced displacement, armed conflict, pollution, and the murder, rape, torture, and imprisonment of union organizers and other activists in their wake. Between 2010 and 2014, natural resource sectors contributed C$27 billion per year to the Canadian state, evidence of the crucial role that extraction plays in state-building.
Dene scholar Glen Coulthard argues that primitive accumulation, rather than labour exploitation in the traditional capitalist sense, remains the most important vector in contemporary settler colonial oppression of Indigenous peoples. He writes: “It is now generally acknowledged among historians and political economists that following the waves of colonial settlement that marked the transition between mercantile and industrial capitalism (roughly spanning the years 1860–1914, but with variation between geographical regions) Native labour became increasingly (although by no means entirely) superfluous to the political and economic development of the Canadian state. Increased European settlement combined with an imported, hyper-exploited non-European workforce meant that, in the post-fur trade period, Canadian state-formation and colonial-capitalist development required first and foremost land, and only secondarily the surplus value afforded by cheap, Indigenous labour.”
As far as the colonial-capitalist project was – and is – concerned, Indigenous peoples are primarily viewed and treated as physical obstacles standing in the way of resource capital – rather than a source of exploitable labour, they are obstacles to be removed through violence, assimilation, criminalization, and other genocidal measures.
In the contemporary Canadian state, the overwhelming majority of wealth extracted from the Earth remains controlled by the settler population. The pursuit of resource capital drives industrial encroachment onto Indigenous lands as well as the criminalization and surveillance of Indigenous sovereignty movements. Natural Resources Canada unequivocally links resource extraction to capital: “Canada is blessed with a vast wealth of natural resources, which contributes significantly to our national economy. Resource industries play a critical role in delivering jobs, growth and prosperity for Canadians.” This prosperity, however, is reserved for settlers: many Indigenous people, particularly First Nations on reserves, are systematically deprived of access to proper medical care, potable water, adequate housing, and other vital necessities. In Saskatchewan, for instance, where over 90 per cent of First Nations have had at least one water advisory since 2004, the Saskatchewan-headquartered uranium producer Cameco has been in a dispute with the Canada Revenue Agency over an alleged C$2.1 billion in avoided taxes, a sum that could cover the costs of eliminating boil-water advisories on every reserve.
In a liberal political climate where corporations pay lip service, to some extent, to corporate social responsibility, many extraction companies and the provincial and federal bureaucracies that support them are increasingly promoting equity hiring practices and “partnerships” with First Nations. A Government of Canada strategy file on oil sands frames its hiring practices as a process of folding Indigenous peoples into the existing extractive-capitalist economy: “Aboriginal economic development is a priority for Canada…. Canada is working in partnership with First Nations, provincial and municipal governments, and industrial developers to help First Nations communities secure ongoing social and economic benefits from oil sands development.” But the hiring practices aren't acts of benevolence. Jim Boucher, chief of the Fort McKay First Nation, notorious for the economic stimulus it has reaped from tarsands money, stated in 2014 that partnering with the oilsands was the community's only option after the decline of the trapping economy, knowing full well that choosing to work with the industry realistically meant destruction of the land.
Extraction companies have long been using the pretext of job creation in Indigenous communities to obscure their ultimate objective: the expropriation of Indigenous lands and resources – if not through force, then through economic coercion.
In 1976, the Dryden Observer quoted the president of the Reed Paper Company – the same company responsible for the devastating mercury poisoning of the Grassy Narrows First Nation and Wabaseemoong Independent Nation – promising jobs and training programs to residents of the Pikangikum First Nation. Then-chief of Pikangikum, Ben Quill, blasted the offer of jobs, saying that introducing colonial industry to the community would not only “destroy the water and forest and everything,” but also be a path to assimilation and misery for future generations forced into a life of wage labour. Training a Pikangikum resident to operate forest-harvesting machinery, he said, would be tantamount to “giving him a gun and telling him to go out and shoot my people.”
Forty years later, extraction companies' partnerships with Indigenous peoples have become glossier and more sophisticated, but a close look reveals these “partnerships” to be astoundingly asymmetrical. Barrick Gold's Hemlo mines boast about hiring from “local Aboriginal communities,” yet only 10 per cent of their workers are local Indigenous people (Barrick does not disclose whether they are hired for skilled or unskilled jobs, nor does it report whether there are Indigenous workers who are not from local communities). A community-led study released in 2015 by Pauktuutit Inuit Women of Canada revealed that the Agnico-Eagle Mines-owned Meadowbank gold mine in Qamani'tuaq (Baker Lake), having negotiated an Impact Benefit Agreement (IBA) with an Inuit organization in 2011, failed to follow through on its promises of social and economic development for the community. At the end of 2012, almost 25 per cent of the mine's workers were Inuit, though Inuit women made up a mere 6.5 per cent of the total permanent workforce of the mine, and most of their positions were unskilled and temporary ones. The mine's presence and imposed work structure resulted in a more-than 100 per cent rise in alcohol consumption in Qamani'tuaq, a sharp increase in domestic disputes recorded by the RCMP, and harassment and racist comments directed at Inuit women by miners.
Prominent companies and extraction projects that claim to prioritize equity-hiring practices and partnerships with local Indigenous communities often do not list their hiring statistics, or fail to disclose who holds the high-paying, high-ranking, permanent positions. Since the higher-paying positions in mining and other industries often require specialized training offered mostly in urban areas, Indigenous people in systematically resource-deprived rural and northern areas, especially fly-in communities, are even less likely to access the marginal benefits of equity hiring.
Private corporate practices are emboldened by the state's cheerleading of these colonial-capitalist strategies. While the Canadian government boasts that billions of dollars in oil contracts in the tarsands have been granted to Indigenous-owned companies, many in Indigenous communities emphasize that the contracts do not imply consent from an entire nation or band. In many cases, extraction companies are savvy enough to cherry-pick leaders who wish to partner with industry as a way of side-stepping the consent of communities in general – a strategy that recently led to the Haida nation's ousting of two hereditary chiefs who supported Enbridge's Northern Gateway pipeline.
A second form of evidence of Indigenous peoples positioned as surplus labour includes the colonial impulse to suggest that moving off the land and into cities will improve the economic and social conditions of Indigenous peoples in remote communities and on reserves. When the suicides of young people in Attawapiskat triggered a crisis, commentators like Maclean's Scott Gilmore proselytized that residents of the North should move to cities in the south rather than staying in a non-industrialized home community (where, as it happens, people are better able to connect with the land and their traditional lifeways and extended family). Whereas life on reserves is seen as self-destructive and illogical, life in the cities is progress. No matter that migration to the cities leaves many Indigenous people facing police violence, loss of language and culture, discrimination in housing and job markets, homelessness, poverty, and extreme rates of violence against Indigenous women. No, jobs are apparently the remedy for colonialism … but more importantly – if less transparently – they are the means for clearing the resource-rich North.
The long-term, often-irreversible effects of extraction activities on the land, as well as the increases in substance misuse and violence against women associated with extraction, are well-known facts in areas affected by these activities. Conditions of lethal oppression and poverty in the North and on reserves, including lack of electricity and housing in extreme temperatures, underfunding of social services like education, health, and child welfare, and catastrophic rates of youth suicide, leave people with dismally few economic options. Many workers take jobs out of necessity, compelled by capitalism to work within and for industries they know are actively destroying the land and their abilities to maintain their traditional ways of life.
When extraction industries do offer communities tangible benefits, they are temporary due to the boom-and-bust nature of extractive development. Although communities often make the most out of the infrastructure left behind by extraction booms and people appreciate past prosperity and worker solidarity forged while jobs were available, the crisis of deindustrialization cannot be downplayed. Extraction projects mean that jobs, money, materials, resources, and knowledge enter remote areas in a whirlwind and leave just as quickly once the resource is exhausted – a phenomenon that political economist Harold Innis calls “cyclonics.”
Capitalism assimilates non-capitalist ways of being, quashing Indigenous communitarian economies. Imposing extractive industries on Indigenous people who are denied other options is a powerful way for capitalism to expand its reach and eliminate alternative livelihoods.
Simultaneously, groups such as the Unist'ot'en, which refuse extractive projects on their lands, face the ongoing threat of legal discipline and repression for exercising their internationally enshrined right to free, prior, and informed consent, and living traditionally on their territories. With declines in oil, pulp, and other industries, and growing support for Indigenous self-determination, it is more important than ever to stand in solidarity with Indigenous movements that are modelling alternatives that go beyond the liberal paradigm of equity hiring and inclusion. After all, in an age of widespread environmental catastrophe, the lives of all living things depend on it.
A riddle of a how a wooden post appeared on a grass verge outside a residents home has been solved.
Residents were baffled when a wooden post was put up on Kayemoor Road last month.
Conservative councillor for Sutton South Tony Shields said: "Needless to say nobody asked for the post and it is already proving to be a hazard to residents who have nearly damaged their cars whilst reversing off their driveways, even the man across the road now finds it hard to swing out of his drive, a mystery indeed."
However. the council have now cleared up the mystery.
A Sutton Council spokesperson said: "We took the decision to install a temporary post onto a small piece of land on Kayemoor Road.
"The reason for this was to help revitalise the growth of grass on this patch and prevent further damage to the area from cars."
TODAY'S TOP SUTTON STORIES
John F. Manning, the Bruce Bromley Professor of Law and deputy dean at Harvard Law School (HLS), an eminent public-law scholar with expertise in statutory interpretation and structural constitutional law, will become the School's next dean on July 1.
“John Manning is known among colleagues and students for his intellect and humility, his wisdom and integrity, his energy and openness,” said Harvard President Drew Faust. “He has an unusual capacity for creating conversations and connections across lines of difference, and a deep appreciation for a wide range of perspectives and methods. Over and again during the search, I heard people remark on his magnetic enthusiasm for the law, his strong academic values, his collaborative instincts, and his extraordinary devotion not just to Harvard Law School as an institution but to the people — faculty, students, staff, and alumni — who are the lifeblood of its vital work. I'm delighted that he has agreed to guide Harvard Law School forward.”
“I feel honored and grateful to President Faust for the opportunity to lead Harvard Law School as we enter our third century,” said Manning. “And I feel privileged to work alongside our exceptional students, staff, faculty, and alumni, whose invaluable contributions to legal scholarship, education, and practice inspire me every day.
“Generation after generation, Harvard Law School prepares leaders who shape the law and institutions in the private bar, the public-interest community, government, business, academia, and beyond,” he added. “Our unique strength comes from our large, excellent, and wonderfully diverse community — people whose many backgrounds, many lived experiences, many interests, and many perspectives energize all that we do. With them, I look forward to exploring how we can best nurture important scholarship on pressing issues, how we can embrace innovative teaching and learning, how we can further the best ideals of law and justice, and how we can together deepen an environment of belonging and mutual respect in which we discuss and debate the hard and crucial questions that belong at the heart of what we do.”
A graduate of both Harvard College and Harvard Law School, Manning has been on the HLS faculty since 2004, following a decade at Columbia Law School. In her letter to the HLS community announcing his appointment, Faust called Manning “a greatly admired teacher and mentor,” while noting his strong ties to public service and practice, including two stints in the U.S. Department of Justice as an attorney in the Office of Legal Counsel and the Office of the Solicitor General. Faust also noted Manning's service as a “University citizen,” highlighting his role as a member of the University-wide Task Force on Inclusion and Belonging, and as a member of both the HarvardX faculty committee and the Vice Provost for Advances in Learning's faculty advisory committee.
A prolific and influential scholar, Manning has published more than 40 articles in a range of leading law journals. He is co-editor of two leading casebooks, “Hart and Wechsler's Federal Courts and the Federal System” and “Legislation and Regulation.” A past chair of the HLS committee on lateral faculty appointments, he teaches courses on administrative law, federal courts, legislation and regulation, separation of powers, and statutory interpretation. His honors include the ABA Section on Administrative and Regulatory Law's Award for Scholarship in Administrative Law and Columbia Law School's Willis Reese Prize for Excellence in Teaching, which he received two years in a row. He has argued nine cases before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Early in his career, in addition to his service in the Justice Department, Manning was an associate in the Washington office of the law firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher. He served as a law clerk to both Associate Justice Antonin Scalia of the U.S. Supreme Court and Judge Robert H. Bork of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.
“Having admired John Manning since we were law students together more than 30 years ago, I know he will lead Harvard Law School with the energy, intelligence, collegiality, and good judgment that he brings to everything he does,” said Supreme Court Associate Justice Elena Kagan, who was HLS dean from 2003 to 2009. “He embodies a blend of scholarly accomplishment, devotion to teaching, engagement with practice, and passion for the law that represents the best of our profession. And he's a terrific human being, always intent on what he can do to help others do their best work.”
In her letter to the HLS community, Faust expressed gratitude to the 12-member faculty advisory committee that assisted her and Provost Alan Garber with the search, as well as people across the HLS community who offered advice. She also praised Martha Minow, who will conclude her deanship on June 30, “for her eight years of outstanding service as dean,” and wished Minow “all the best as she embarks on the next phase of her brilliant HLS career.”
“Harvard Law School will be fortunate to have at the helm such an outstanding person whose scholarship, teaching, public service, and devotion to justice and the rule of law exemplify the School's highest aspirations,” Minow said. “John Manning's generosity of spirit, his superb judgment and integrity, his commitment to respectful and vigorous consideration of all points of view, and his longstanding contributions to strengthening community illuminate our crucial values, and I look forward to the splendid next chapter for this exceptional School.”
Responding to Manning's appointment, Danielle Allen, director of the Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics and the James Bryant Conant University Professor, called it was a “brilliant” choice. “John Manning is a thoughtful person and good listener who is devoted to the University,” she said. “He has been a superb contributor to the work of the Task Force on Inclusion and Belonging.”
David Barron, '89, J.D. '94, a federal judge on the U. S. Courts of Appeals for the First Circuit, said he believed that Manning “will give every ounce of his energy to the School.” Barron, who has been a professor at HLS, added, “He loves everything about the School: the students, the faculty, the institution. He likes and respects people for who they are, and that is a great quality in a dean.”
Susan M. Davies, former deputy counsel to the U.S. president and Story Senior Lecturer on Law at the School, cited Manning's “tremendous intellect,” his scholarship that “has shaped the way we think about statutory and administrative law,” and his dedication to learning. “His agile mind and generous soul, combined with a puckish sense of humor and a genuine compassion for others, make him ideally suited to help guide the Law School as it begins its third century,” she wrote in an email.
Andrew Ho, education professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education, served with Manning on the Vice Provost for Advances in Learning committee and as subcommittee chairs on the inclusion task force. “I am delighted by his appointment as dean,” Ho said in an email. “I'm especially pleased that he'll continue in Martha Minow's tradition of seeing important connections between education and the law.”
On this episode of Cooking with Crusoe, I'll be making a delicious home-cooked meal of steak and sweet potatoes for dogs. That's right, this is not a human food recipe this time, although I'm sure people would enjoy anything Chef Crusoe puts out.
Plus, I'll also be showing you how to cook with “love” (and a bit of lust). Make sure to check out the video summary below, too!
Ingredients:
A nice big, juicy steak.
A sweet potato.
Coconut oil.
Rice (if you're boring and want to add it).
Step 1: Lick it
First of all, the smell of steak has already got me licking my chops. I have to be careful while cooking this as I could be tempted to take a bite, even in it's raw form.
But it's good to be hungry while you cook. That just makes the activity all the more engaging and fun.
So the first step here is to take the steak out of its packaging, lay it on the cutting board, and give it a good conquering stare to tell yourself you won't take a bite out of it until you're done preparing the meal.
I couldn't help but take a couple licks just to wet my appetite, but that's acceptable – so you know.
Step 2: Spank it, baby
Now we have to tenderize this steak so that it melts in our mouth. Us dogs often forget to chew when it comes time to eating something as scrumptious as this, so it's best to at least serve it somewhat pre-chewed.
Most people would call this action ‘tenderizing', but we're making this meal with love (and a bit of lust), and so it's called ‘spanking it'.
I am quite proficient at this, considering my many attendances to Sexy Lady Wiener Parties..
Step 3: Bust out the oil
That's right – we're about to get kinky with some coconut oil. Coconut oil is really good for dogs, both as a food and an exterior application. It has anti-inflammatory, antibacterial, and antifungal properties, whatever the heck all that means. Most importantly, it's tasty and really good for our health.
This is what we're going to use to sear our steak in.
But while you have authorized access to snoop in the cupboard, take this opportunity to make a mental note of any stashes of treats or cookies in there. I will exploit this at a later chance when Mum and Dad are unaware.
Step 4: Intermission
I know it's just getting excited, but this is where I briefly step out of the kitchen for a little intermission. You see, supposedly the potatoes take longer to cook than the steak, and due to my limited foresight we now have to play ‘catch up' on the potatoes so everything will be ready at the same time.
I told Mum that nobody wants to see me cook potatoes (because they're boring), so that she could do it while I caught a quick nap.
Step 5: Make it sizzle
Now for the fun part. This is where we add in our coconut oil to the pan, let it melt down (which it will do quickly), and then toss in our steak.
Are you paying attention?
Good.
It's important to hear the sizzle. Shaking the pan back and forth doesn't really do anything, but it does enhance the sound and make you look more like a chef.
Step 6: Take a video
So for those of you who like to skimp on the reading, here's a quick 6-second Vine video tutorial:
Notice my little ‘hop-to' when getting started? This is recommended.
As I mentioned earlier, you can also add a bit of white rice into the recipe for a little more substance, but it's the steak that I care about (sweet potatoes are pretty good too though).
Step 7: Indulge the senses
And finally, now we get to indulge in our delicious creation. With this meal I recommend a nice Pinot Noir or Cabernet Sauvignon red wine, but feel free to pair with whatever suits your taste best.
Take a (brief) moment to admire your creation, sniff the aromas, and let the slobber build up in your mouth.
And when you're ready, chow down like it's your last meal on Earth.
(But seriously, it's good to eat slow).
Step 8: Brag about it to your friends
This is pretty much what I've done by writing this post. And hey, if ye' dig it, feel free to do likewise!
Hope you liked my steak and potatoes meal. It was absolutely delicious. Try it yourself sometime!
And fans, I have one little favor to ask! As you know, I recently took home the prize for Best Pet Blog of 2013 at the Bloggies. But guess what – there's another award I have my eye on, and that's a Petties Pet Blog Award! If you could nominate me for Funniest Blog (I don't really mean to be funny but supposedly it comes off that way) that would be awesome and much appreciated! I need to continue on my steak streak and my ever-continuous quest for becoming more of a celebrity than I think I am!
Thanks so much fans! You're the best.
Keep sizzlin',
~ Crusoe
My New Book! Featuring my worldly travels far and wide, from Europe to Mexico and more, and the whole story of my surgery and recovery! Rated 5 stars on Amazon! Get Yours!
Comments
comments
After some supply delays, the BlackBerry KEYone finally made it to US shores on May 31st. The handset that was announced at CES 2017 and then followed up on in greater detail at MWC 2017, is what we believe to be one of the best premium mid-range handsets out there.
For $549, which is $50 more than the price tag will be for the upcoming Moto Z2 Play, the BlackBerry KEYone can be had in the US. The handset was produced in conjunction with TCL, who manufactured the units by assembling all the parts.
Popular retailers, Amazon and Best Buy, have already put up their listings for the phone which is GSM unlocked to work on carriers like T-Mobile, AT&T and others. Verizon will also sell the handset in carrier stores, but beginning at a later date. This will be a carrier specific model of the phone, and is also available from Amazon.
As of the time we're writing this post, it appears that the KEYone has been pushed to out of stock. Best Buy is giving the option to sign up for updates, while Amazon estimates delayed shipping times of 1 to 2 months. Hopefully, if you wanted one, you bought it already, because the wait could be quite a bit if this estimate proves to be accurate.
Does BlackBerry have a turnaround, or is it too little too late? It has been some time since we last heard of a BlackBerry phone selling out, but that's what you get when you make a phone that becomes of high demand!
[Amazon] [Best Buy]
The Clippers and Warriors are supposed to produce shootouts. Lob City vs. the Splash Brothers. Stephen Curry vs. Chris Paul. Blake Griffin vs. the Warriors' ball movement.
Instead, we saw both teams have out-of-body experiences, which suited the Clippers well. In desperate need of a win after two straight defeats to San Antonio and Atlanta, the Clippers got one, dialing up the defensive pressure for a much-needed 100-86 victory. The win moves the Clippers to 20-10, tying them with Dallas for fifth in the West. The Warriors fall to 23-5, just a game ahead of Portland for first in the West.
The game was oddly a defensive struggle, though it didn't appear to be headed that way early on. It looked like the Warriors would pull away early when Stephen Curry made several highlight plays and the Clippers missed 16 shots in a row after making their first.
But Golden State couldn't get good looks thereafter, allowing the Clippers' bench to slowly chip away. L.A. eventually went on a 9-0 run to cut the Warriors' lead to one at halftime, aided in part by Steve Kerr's decision to sit Curry to end the half so he wouldn't pick up his third foul.
That proved to be a critical stretch because it gave the Clippers life that carried over to the second half. Griffin set the tone early in the third quarter when he spun away from a Warriors double team and finished through Draymond Green for a hoop and the foul. The Clippers played maniacally thereafter, increasing the pressure of their traps and hounding Curry away from the ball. The offense finally got in gear and the Clippers surged ahead by seven midway through the quarter.
It soon got much worse for the Warriors. Curry stayed in, but the Clippers' intensity hit a fever point and their offense kept humming. A floater by Jamal Crawford, who rescued the Clippers early when nobody else was hitting shots, put the Clippers up 10 with just under eight minutes remaining. He hit a second leaner over Klay Thompson's outstretcted arm to push the lead to 12 a possession later, leading to a timeout. The Warriors never got close from there.
3 things we learned
1. This was a gut check for the Clippers
As the rest of the West has taken off, the Clippers have underwhelmed, at least relative to their expectations. They started slowly, raising questions about the supporting cast and whether Blake Griffin had taken a step back. But they've now won 15 of 21 since a 5-4 start and appear to be as dangerous as ever, especially with Dallas struggling to integrate Rajon Rondo.
This win in particular shows the Clippers' resiliency when they dig deep down. The game was the Clippers' third in four days in three time zones, thanks to a grueling back-to-back that began in San Antonio and ended in Atlanta. Forty-eight hours later, they were back in L.A., and it showed early with that 1-17 start. Most teams would have called it a day and accepted the schedule loss.
Yet the Clippers didn't fold. Crawford hit key shots to keep the Clippers close early and the rest of the team eventually woke up, using stifling defense to mask any offensive struggles. After getting blitzed early by a Curry explosion, Chris Paul and his teammates vowed to take him out of the game. Curry finished with just 14 points on only 12 shot attempts because the Clippers wouldn't let him get free. They also made multiple efforts to recover when Curry did move the ball out of traps, cutting off the Warriors' beloved three-point line.
It was a firm reminder that as good as the West is, the Clippers have not been left behind. Doubt them at your own peril.
2. The Warriors rely too much on Stephen Curry
The Warriors' ball movement captures the fancy of all hoops fans, but it's also necessary to cover up a fragile reality: they depend so much on Curry's shotmaking, especially without Andrew Bogut healthy. Klay Thompson has made significant strides as a player, but he still struggles to attack the basket at times. Other than him, there's nobody that can get to the hoop and a real spacing problem when Curry is out and non-shooters like Shaun Livingston and/or Andre Iguodala are in.
That puts a huge burden on Curry, one he can't always carry when teams are allowed to play him physically. This was the Warriors' bugaboo in last season's playoff series and it was again in this game. The Clippers slid up to the level of the ball to trap Curry and grabbed him when they could get away with it, which short-circuited the rests of Golden State's offense. This gameplan is more difficult to execute when Bogut's screen-setting and dribble-handoff skills are in the lineup, but it has to worry the Warriors that so much of their offensive success lies with one player that can be keyed on in a playoff series.
The Warriors should also be scared that their offense falls apart when Curry rests. This is a multi-year trend that's gotten worse because teams can cheat off Livingston and Iguodala without worrying about them connecting from three-point range. A healthy David Lee could fix this problem, but he's still rusty from missing so much time due to injury.
These may sound like quibbles for a team at the top of the Western Conference, but playoff series swing on quibbles.
3. These teams know each other too well
For evidence, consider a play midway through the third quarter. The Clippers prepared to run a snug pick and roll, a set where the point guard starts in the mid-post, goes off a screen coming back out and hopes he gets a lane or can drop it to the big man right by the hoop. It's a pet play, and usually, Paul can get the ball easily. But in this case, Curry fronted him and had lots of backside help, killing the play before it even started. The Warriors knew what was coming.
The Clippers also knew what was coming, particularly on those drag screens in transition that the Warriors use to free Curry in scramble situations. Curry never got free for threes after the first six minutes, and it's no accident why.
All this made for a game that wasn't free-flowing, but was intense. Such is what happens when two teams that know each other so well meet in a game both badly wanted to win. It felt like Game 9 of last year's Western Conference first-round series (the Warriors took Game 8 in a blowout earlier this year). We'll sign up for seven more.
Veteran Swan Ryan O'Keefe is keen to find another club to play for
NORM Smith medallist Ryan O'Keefe has revealed his desire to continue his AFL career at another club next year.
The Sydney Swans veteran, an unrestricted free agent at season's end, has played just four games this year after being dropped in round four.
O'Keefe's management confirmed to The Footy Show the dual premiership player was set to look elsewhere for 2015.
“Ryan will be exercising his right as a free agent. His body is sound, he loves footy and he's not ready to hang up the boots,” Darian Lobb of MVP Management said.
“He wants the opportunity to play at another club.”
O'Keefe, 34 next January, has played 10 reserves matches in the NEAFL this year, averaging 29 disposals.
He has played a minimum of 22 games in each of the previous 10 seasons before this year.
The midfielder/forward has played 286 AFL matches.
Should a Muslim woman who enrolls as a cadet at the Citadel, a public military college in South Carolina, be permitted to wear hijab with her uniform?
One student cadet at the Citadel doesn't think so. As The Washington Post recently reported, when Cadet Nick Pinelli found out that an incoming Muslim student had requested religious accommodation to wear hijab, he took to his Facebook page, publicly proclaiming it “shameful that people expect to be accommodated by groups that are opposite to themselves” and calling on people to “Make America Great Again.”
Pinelli's rant may have garnered a lot of attention from the media, but hopefully it will hold little sway over Citadel officials as they consider whether to grant the Muslim cadet's request. As the ACLU explained in a letter sent today, allowing a Muslim cadet to wear hijab is not only consistent with military values and current practices, but it is also vital to respecting the religious-freedom principles at the heart of the First Amendment and South Carolina law.
Over the years, military officials often have dragged their feet on diversifying our armed forces or resisted such efforts outright, arguing that integrating people of color, women, and LGBT people would undermine unit cohesion and weaken military readiness. Officials' dire predictions have been proven wrong.
Public military academies like the Citadel and the Virginia Military Institute — which operate based on the same principles as our armed forces, and, for many students, are pipelines to military service — have likewise resisted diversifying. Even now — more than two decades after a federal court ordered the Citadel, in an ACLU lawsuit, to admit women — men still comprise 90 percent of the undergraduate class. The ACLU recently had to sue other military academies to obtain information about their gross gender disparities in enrollment.
We get it — change is hard, especially when it involves admitting that certain public institutions are unfairly and unnecessarily exclusionary. But no matter how hard these changes are for some to accept, they are inevitable. The fact is that our Constitution requires our public institutions to be open to all — regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity, and sexual orientation. Even the Army now recognizes that “[d]iversity is a source of strength.” According to its own materials, an inclusive military enhances our “ability to operate globally with a culturally astute Force, bringing to the fight specific cultural, ethnic, language, and other backgrounds of our personnel.”
When it comes to religious diversity, in particular, the victories have been hard-fought in Congress and the courts. But over the years, the military has, in fact, granted a number of religious exemptions from its uniform and grooming standards to accommodate Muslim, Jewish, Sikh, and other soldiers. Sometimes the Army has faltered in its commitment to religious diversity — for example, when it initially denied religious accommodation to a Sikh ROTC student who wore a turban, beard, and unshorn hair. When that happens, the ACLU or others have stepped in to sue, and the courts have been increasingly clear in response: There is no evidence that the grooming and uniform accommodations granted to soldiers or cadets have impeded the military's ability to achieve its overall mission or caused any other danger or harm.
The Citadel should follow the lead of our military and courts by recognizing the value of religious diversity among the student body and providing religious accommodations to cadets who need them.
For many Muslim women, wearing hijab is central to their faith. The same is true for many Sikh students who wear turbans, or Jewish cadets who wear yarmulkes. A uniform policy that does not allow exceptions for these religious practices is tantamount to a ban on these students. And effectively banning people of minority faiths — in violation of our most cherished principles of religious freedom — from public institutions like the Citadel is hardly a recipe for making America great.
This posting is dedicated to the the 29 men who lost their lives on the Edmund Fitzgerald lake freighter 38 years ago. May they rest in peace.
In a heated tent set up beside the park's lighthouse, Abair and other museum volunteers displayed mural-size photos and a model of the famed ore carrier that sank in Lake Superior on Nov. 10, 1975, in a gale. Source: The Detroit Free Press
“It's appropriate to have this here because the ship was built 1,000 yards south, and it unloaded all the time 1,000 yards north,” said Tom Abair, 62, codirector of the River Rouge Historical Museum.
As the winds of November whipped through a park beside the Detroit River, 29 lanterns flickered at the water's edge and bagpipes wailed as about 60 people gathered Sunday evening to remember the 29 men who lost their lives on the Edmund Fitzgerald lake freighter 38 years ago.
Lyrics:
The legend lives on from the Chippewa on down
of the big lake they called “Gitche Gumee”
The lake, it is said, never gives up her dead
when the skies of November turn gloomy
With a load of iron ore twenty-six thousand tons more
than the Edmund Fitzgerald weighed empty,
that big ship and true was a bone to be chewed
when the Gales of November came early
The ship was the pride of the American side
coming back from some mill in Wisconsin
As the big freighters go, it was bigger than most
with a crew and good captain well seasoned,
concluding some terms with a couple of steel firms
when they left fully loaded for Cleveland
And later that night when the ship's bell rang,
could it be the north wind they'd been feelin'?
The wind in the wires made a tattle-tale sound
and a wave broke over the railing
And ev'ry man knew, as the captain did too
'twas the witch of November come stealin'
The dawn came late and the breakfast had to wait
when the Gales of November came slashin'
When afternoon came it was freezin' rain
in the face of a hurricane west wind
When suppertime came the old cook came on deck sayin'
“Fellas, it's too rough t'feed ya”
At seven P.M. a main hatchway caved in; he said,
“Fellas, it's bin good t'know ya!”
The captain wired in he had water comin' in
and the good ship and crew was in peril
And later that night when ‘is lights went outta sight
came the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
Does any one know where the love of God goes
when the waves turn the minutes to hours?
The searchers all say they'd have made Whitefish Bay
if they'd put fifteen more miles behind ‘er
They might have split up or they might have capsized;
they may have broke deep and took water
And all that remains is the faces and the names
of the wives and the sons and the daughters
Lake Huron rolls, Superior sings
in the rooms of her ice-water mansion
Old Michigan steams like a young man's dreams;
the islands and bays are for sportsmen
And farther below Lake Ontario
takes in what Lake Erie can send her,
And the iron boats go as the mariners all know
with the Gales of November remembered
In a musty old hall in Detroit they prayed,
in the Maritime Sailors' Cathedral
The church bell chimed 'til it rang twenty-nine times
for each man on the Edmund Fitzgerald
The legend lives on from the Chippewa on down
of the big lake they call “Gitche Gumee”
“Superior,” they said, “never gives up her dead
when the gales of November come early”
Unfortunately, it takes the media mouthpiece of the Russian government to tell the truth about Hillary Clinton and the War Party.
You'll never get the truth from the U.S. government's media mouthpiece who self-righteously and disingenuously claim they are independent and “fair and balanced” (cue laugh track).
Clinton, of course, is no different than your garden variety Republican, including any number of neocons. All of them are propped up by the military-industrial-intelligence complex and the banksters who run the show and who laughingly pretend we all live in a pluralistic democracy. Of course, anybody who has more than two brain cells to rub together and is not in serious denial knows we live in an authoritarian plutocracy run for the sake of a small clique of mega-rich and powerful global internationalists.
Clinton will be the Democrat contender for the position of teleprompter reader. Jeb Bush will probably be the Republican choice to play the political equivalent of musical chairs. The ruling elite has decided it wants to stick with the Bush-Clinton dynasty for the foreseeable future.
Hillary is preferable because the elite are keen on making sure all criticism and political activism is either marginalized or written off as hatred and thus not only dismissible, but worthy of a violent response by government. Criticism of Hillary will be deemed sexist the same way serious criticism of Obama is now considered racist.
In addition, Hillary's confrontational and ugly personality will be described as an admirable attribute indicative of a strong leader the same way the psychopathic personalities of her male counterparts are described as the attribute of masters of statecraft (the word is synonymous with bombing small helpless nations and bailing out transnational banks).
It really is too bad RT had to run this piece. The Russian government, of course, is as authoritarian and violent, and in some instance more so, than the government ruling the United States. Anti-Russian propaganda disseminated by alphabet networks owned and operated by an interlocking directorship dominated banks and transnational corporations point out Russia's flaws on a daily basis.
Everything we see on television, an increasingly on the internet, “often surpasses expectations of media subservience to government propaganda,” as Edward S. Herman noted nearly two decades ago. Only the alternative media, which naturally suffers from its own flaws, is free to tell the truth.
As an arm of the state, RT has its own propaganda agenda. Part of that agenda is pointing out the indisputable fact the U.S. government is owned and operated by banks and large corporations. For pointing out what the corporate media in this country is forbidden to mention, we can be thankful. On the other hand, we should be wary and mistrustful of RT and any other propaganda organ of the state.
Reprinted with permission.
Super Heroine Chronicle Is The Biggest Crossover Of Anime Heroines To Date
By Spencer . May 28, 2013 . 12:08am
Namco Bandai is taking the Super Robot Taisen formula and making a similar crossover with anime heroines. Super Heroine Chronicle is a strategy RPG in development for PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3. The game brings together heroines from ten different anime and manga series. Here's a list of confirmed series so far from Dengeki PlayStation:
Twin Angel
Kyousogiga
Di Gi Charat
Swan Song of the Valkyries: Symphogear
Super Sonico
Higurashi When They Cry
Aria the Scarlet Ammo
Infinite Stratos
The Familiar of Zero
Dream Hunter Rem
Characters in Super Heroine Chronicle will have toon rendering so expect cel-shaded graphics. Shinichiro Otsuka (Blue Roses, Eternal Poison), Satoshi Urushihara (Growlanser), and Toru Minazuki (To Heart) are artists for the game.
Super Heroine Chronicle plays like a traditional turn based strategy RPG where you move on a map and attack each turn The direction you attack can damage the battlefield and change the terrain. Characters have combination attacks too.
It sounds like Super Heroine Chronicle will have an amusing story since the setting takes place in a school in Akihabara that's underneath a dome.
Bob Jones University recently achieved a long-sought goal: regional accreditation. Pictured is the fountain in front of BJU's Rodeheaver Auditorium. (Photo: Dan Calnon)
After shunning accreditation for most of its 90-year history, Bob Jones University in the past six years has made achieving the designation a top priority.
On Thursday, the university officially earned regional accreditation from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges.
The change means more doors will be open throughout the nation to BJU graduates who want to attend graduate school, according to BJU officials.
Students will find it easier to transfer credits to other colleges and universities. Plus, some scholarships are available only for students attending accredited universities.
The boost in prestige also could help BJU's own student recruitment efforts.
"Being granted regional accreditation is one of the biggest milestones in Bob Jones University's 90-year history," BJU President Steve Pettit said in a news release.
"We're deeply grateful for our faculty and staff and proud of what they've accomplished through this process," said Gary Weier, provost and executive vice president for academic affairs.
"We believe regional accreditation reassures parents, prospective and current students, employers and other universities that Bob Jones University provides a high-quality education," he said.
The BJU Board of Trustees, for its part, resisted accreditation for 84 years before voting in December 2011 to pursue accreditation.
Former BJU President Stephen Jones saw the need for regional accreditation and won the support of the board, said university spokesman Randy Page.
The decision came in the midst of declining enrollment and after complaints from some alumni who found difficulty getting into graduate schools or obtaining professional certifications in some states.
In 2006, BJU's student enrollment was 4,800. Today, enrollment is about 2,700, Page said.
More: BJU pedestrian bridge over Pleasantburg removed & here's why
Maintaining its vision
BJU met the criteria for accreditation without sacrificing the autonomy cherished by the university and its supporters throughout its history, Page said.
The university did not have to make any changes to its curriculum or rules for student, faculty or staff behavior as part of its application process, Page said. It also did not have to modify its Bible-based policies, its hiring practices or its biblical worldview, he said.
"We set out to obtain regional accreditation and strengthen our mission and, by God's grace, we've accomplished both objectives," Pettit said in a statement.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Top 5 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The five biggest headlines in your inbox each morning Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-736-7136. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Top 5 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Regional accreditation "will show prospective employers a BJU education meets high standards and equips our graduates with skills needed in today's world, and it could help graduates entering a profession where a regionally accredited degree is required for licensure or employment," BJU said in a news release.
The path to BJU's accreditation was an extensive, six-year-long process. Prior to applying for membership with SACS, BJU implemented a number of enhancements, including a new board and governance structure, new academic programs in health sciences, curriculum updates, intercollegiate athletics, and a completely renovated dining facility.
Past coverage: Bob Jones Academy earns accreditation
During the process, BJU went through evaluations provided by two peer review committees comprised of faculty and senior administrators from other SACS-member colleges and universities.
Before applying for regional accreditation, BJU chose more than 10 years ago to seek national accreditation through a religious accreditation agency.
BJU holds national accreditation through the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools.
But SACS accreditation is more widely accepted as the standard by graduate schools, companies and many government agencies, Page said.
SACS is an accreditation agency for colleges and universities in the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia as well as Latin America and other international sites.
BJU offers more than 100 undergraduate and graduate programs, ranging from the humanities to professional degree programs such as accounting, nursing and engineering.
Paul Hyde covers education and everything else under the South Carolina sun. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter: @PaulHyde7.
Read or Share this story: https://www.greenvilleonline.com/story/news/2017/06/15/bob-jones-university-earns-accreditation-boosting-its-prestige/400317001/
The UFC appears to be going north of the border once again in 2017, when it makes its return to the MTS Centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The card is expected to take place on December 16th and as of now, would be the second to last card of the year. Raphael Marinho, of Combate, was the first to report the news. This move potentially is a result of a decision to push off the UFC's first South American show outside of Brazil to next year. Marinho cited lack of available venues as the reason why the UFC is now eying 2018 for either Chile or Argentina to receive their first ever UFC event. While unlikely, the South American “UFC Fight Night” is not completely off the table. If the event does happen, it will likely take place on December 12th, one week prior to the Winnipeg card.
This will mark the UFC's second ever card in Winnipeg, and the first since UFC 161 back in 2013. The PPV card was stricken with injuries, as both its main and co-main events ended up being pulled from the card. When all was said and done, the June 2013 card ended up being headlined by former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion “Suga” Rashad Evans and MMA legend Dan Henderson. The bout was fairly uneventful, and saw Evans squeak out a split decision victory. The card's co-headliner featured current UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic defeating Roy “Big Country” Nelson by unanimous decision.
There have been no bouts announced at this time, and the UFC has still yet to announce the event officially.
Stay tuned to MMA Today for all of the news, updates and announcements regarding all things “UFC Fight Night: Winnipeg.“
The wisdom of the crowd opens conversations around treatment options, symptoms, and options moving for improved patient care. Thinking and information processing (cognition), coordination (optimization of the utilization), and cooperation (how groups for networks of trust) applies to artificial intelligence, analytics, co-creation, and principles of the sharing economy. Social networks are creating new health information with disease association support groups (think crowd analytics). The collision of social media and healthcare create global crowds. These groups no longer need to be led by the smartest people. How clinical experience and insights are collected is changing.
Wisdom of the crowd
Are irrational mobs capable of wisdom that can be used to predict markets? In the age of social and global connected economies, can crowds make you healthier?
These principles are harnessed in the wisdom of crowds. The psychology of crowds is explained in James Surowiecki's book, The Wisdom of Crowds. This captures his primary thesis on the wisdom of the crowd: the collective opinion of a group is superior to that of a single expert. Surowiecki, expanded on the 1841 work Memoirs of Extraordinary Popular Delusions, by Charles Mackay. Mackay is famous for saying. “Men, it has been well said, think in herds; it will be seen that they go mad in herds, while they only recover their senses slowly, and one by one.” Mackay didn't see a lot of intelligence in crowds. Surowiecki took a differing perspective in response to Mackay's work, saying that given the right circumstances, crowds or groups may have better information and make better decisions than even the best-informed individual.
Crowd-enabled health
PatientsLikeMe is a great example of where connecting to people like you, learning from others, can improve your personal health. PatiensLikeMe provides a more efficient method for patients to share real-world health experiences to improve patient health and by connecting other patients like you with organizations that focus on your conditions. NursesRecommendDoctors is changing the way patients find quality doctors. The premise is that nurses know which doctors have the best reputations, the best technical skills, and the best outcomes. Why? They see it every day. Sermo is the number one social network for doctors globally. This crowd has ballooned to over 600,000 verified and credentialed physicians for big meetings of the minds. Sermos operates across 80 countries including US, UK, Mexico, Germany, Sweden, Canada, and many others. Patients, nurses, and doctors are creating crowds for wisdom.
However, as it turns out, not all crowds are wise. Surowiecki, breaks down four criteria that separate the wise crowds from the irrational ones:
1. Diversity of opinion – each person should hold private information.
2. Independence – individual opinions aren't determined by the opinions of those around them.
3. Decentralization – individuals specialize and can offer local knowledge.
4. Aggregation – mechanism exists for turning private judgments into collective decisions.
Today, we rush to schedule doctor's appointments, only to wait to be seen. If we apply Surowiecki's thesis on the wisdom of the crowd to healthcare we can surmise it as follows: there is no need to chase the expert.
Forecasting markets
Social media platforms have helped to increase the collective knowledge of the crowd. These media platforms include wikis, blogs, social networks, video-sharing, online forums, and video blogs like blab.im. From WebMD to WEGO Heath, social networks are integrating into the healthcare delivery system.
Augur is the future of forecasting. Augur is a prediction market platform that rewards the users for correctly predicting the future events (a decision market to capture collective wisdom). Augur prediction markets allow users to purchase and sell shares in the outcome of an event. The current market share of an event is an estimate of the probably of an event occurring. On Augur, the price of each share adds up to $1.00 USD, so if you buy a share at even odds it will cost, $0.50 USD, and if you predict correctly, you'll earn $1.00 USD for that share. Augur combines the magic of prediction markets with the power of decentralized networks to create a stunningly accurate forecasting tool. This all happens on the blockchain. In a centralized prediction market, one person has to report back on the outcome of the event. This encourages mistakes or even corruption. Augur, is decentralized and uses blockchain with thousands of users reporting on outcomes using reputation. With Augur, anyone anywhere in the world can create a market by asking about anything. Augur was one of the first applications built on Ethereum, a decentralized computing platform featuring digital contracts and a turing-complete programming language.
What if there was a healthcare market prediction platform that used the wisdom of the crowd, social media, and analytics to make everyone healthier by becoming an expert on their health?
Tomorrow's prediction of markets
The global healthcare analytics market is expected to reach $29.53 billion by 2019 from $7.04 billion in 2014, at a CAGR of 33.2 percent over the forecast period 2014-2019, according to MarketandMarkets.com. While descriptive and retrospective analytics offer historical information, it's the predictive and prescriptive analytics that will move the economics of global health forward. The predictive analytics market is going to impact everyone in the healthcare value chain value including payers, private insurance companies, government agencies, employers and private exchanges, providers, hospitals, physician practices and IDNs, ambulatory settings, ACOs, HIEs, MCOs, and TPAs.
Growth will occur across five core prediction analytics markets.
1. Clinical analytics
2. Population Health Management (precision medicine and health)
3. Quality Improvements (clinical benchmarking, operational and administrative analytics)
4. Comparative (effectiveness Analytics, clinical decision support)
5. Payment Integrity (fraud, waste and abuse)
Big data evolutions, mHealth, and customer centricity all disrupt health insurance and the business of health. Likewise, market predictions will be part of the future of health.
Is it possible to predict factors that have greater insight and influence over patients' behaviors? Can we use prediction markets to forecast infectious disease activity? Will prediction markets help align incentives creating long-term behavioral change supporting healthcare payment reform? As the frequency of chronic diseases rise and we move toward outcomes and value-based-care can we use prediction markets to forecast the demand for hospital services? It's going to be an exciting road ahead. Prediction markets will be part of the future of healthcare.
Surowiecki believed that groups are remarkably intelligent, and are often smarter than the smartest people in them. Let's use the collective wisdom of the crowd to produce clinical insights and make the world healthier. Monumental change starts with believers.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
OAKLAND — A 36-year-old woman suspected of shooting a man Monday night at the East Oakland apartment complex where she lived surrendered to police later, authorities said Tuesday.
Police said they don't believe the 31-year-old man who was wounded was the intended target but was part of a group including the man who was. He was in stable condition.
The woman's name was not released because she had not been booked yet.
The shooting happened about 7:15 p.m. Monday at an apartment complex in the 7700 block of MacArthur Boulevard.
Police said there was a dispute at the apartment that ended with the suspect shooting from a balcony into a group of people standing in the complex parking lot below.
After the shooting the woman fled the scene in a Mercedes SUV. About 45 minutes later she called police to surrender and was taken into custody in the 3300 block of 62nd Avenue.
Inside the SUV police recovered two pistols registered to the woman including the one she is suspected of firing at the group. The woman was arrested on suspicion of assault with a firearm.
PRO FOOTBALL '86 : The Decline and Fall of Monday Night Football
The 1984 average Nielsen rating was 16.9. The '85 average was 19.7, boosted by a record 29.1 for a game in which the Miami Dolphins handed the Chicago Bears their only loss. Otherwise, it was another bleak season.
ABC has been singing the Monday night blues for the past several years. The network reportedly lost $16 million on its prime-time NFL football telecasts in 1985, even though ratings were up 17% over '84, when they hit an all-time low.
What became an American institution in the 1970s and peaked in popularity in 1981, may be canceled after this season, if you are to believe what many television executives are saying.
But "Monday Night Football" might not make it to season No. 18.
"Monday Night Football," beginning its 17th season Monday, is television's second-longest-running prime-time show. Only "60 Minutes" has been around longer.
Said Dennis Swanson, the president of ABC sports: "Dropping 'Monday Night Football' is an extreme position, but we can't continue to lose money."
Executives at both NBC and CBS have said their networks are not interested in a prime-time NFL package.
The fate of "Monday Night Football" will not be determined until early next year when NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle sits down with the heads of the network sports divisions to negotiate a new contract. The current five-year, $2.1-billion contract runs out this season.
The three networks will pay $495 million to the NFL this season, up from last season's $450 million. According to Broadcasting magazine, ABC pays the most, $175 million this season, followed by CBS at $165 million and NBC at $155 million.
The networks say that at those prices, they can't make a profit in the current economic climate.
"It's not an impossible scenario that ABC will no longer be in the 'Monday Night Football' business after this season," said Peter Lund, president of CBS sports. "I'm no authority on how much ABC will lose on the NFL this season, but together the three networks could lose as much as $120 million."
The main problem, the television people say, is a soft advertising market, which has affected all televised sports. This has prompted the networks to consider making cutbacks.
Dropping a dog-sled race is one thing, though, and dropping "Monday Night Football" is quite another.
Cynics say that ABC will never drop "Monday Night Football," that ABC, as well as NBC and CBS, are only poor-mouthing to position themselves better for next year's negotiations.
Still, Chevrolet, a major sponsor of "Monday Night Football" the last five seasons, announced in June that it will no longer be a sponsor. The automobile company believes that there are better ways to spend its money, and lesser sponsors are saying the same thing.
A 30-second commercial will cost $192,500 this season, based on a 19 rating.
Another problem with "Monday Night Football" developed in June at the ABC affiliates' meeting in Los Angeles.
Affiliates have always been compensated monetarily when their local programming--mainly newscasts--are preempted by a sporting event. But the network, now owned by cost-conscious Capital Cities Communications, said it was discontinuing the compensation.
Many affiliates in turn threatened to drop "Monday Night Football."
The network came back and offered the affiliates a five-minute slot at halftime for local news and commercials. The network itself took another five minutes for national news and commercials, which doesn't leave much time, if any, for highlights from Sunday NFL games.
It's a format that surely won't go over with hard-line sports fans, who would prefer seeing football highlights to news.
Also different this year is the announcers. Al Michaels will do the play-by-play, Frank Gifford the analysis.
