It was only a matter of time before there was some sort of controversy involving the massively popular Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. With $500M worth of copies sold on day one, you probably can't hope for good news forever.
But this time the hiccup came at the hands of Activision and Treyarch themselves, a move that's still quite hard to understand.
By far, the most popular map in the original COD: Black Ops was Nuketown, a very, very small multiplayer level that took place in a nuclear test city from that era. It was pure chaos, and a hell of a lot of fun.
Rather than include a remake of it in the game however, Treyarch decided to make its futuristic counterpart, Nuketown 2025, a preorder bonus. As it's standard practice for nearly everyone to preorder AAA games these days, few complained about that.
But then, six days after release, Treyarch's game design director David Vonderhaar announced that it was removing the map from circulation and bringing it back for "special occasions." The obvious question was "why the hell would they do that?" Here's the tweet:
"Double XP weekend is official over. That means Nuketown 2025 / 24-7 is as well. I know. RIGHT? Don't kill the messenger."
This is interesting phrasing, as if a director this senior is protesting the move, it's clear the decision came down from on high. Likely, from Activision attempting to open up some new frontier in temporary, limited run-only DLC. It's still unclear what they were thinking. Maybe in their minds, it would be a big draw for double XP weekends or something. Making something rare, makes it more sought after.
Whatever their initial motivations however, fans rebelled en masse immediately, flooding Facebook and Twitter with messages ranging from polite questioning to snarling rage at the decision. In short, it's an experiment in DLC branding gone wrong. Preorder bonuses may now be generally accepted by the gaming public, but try to take them away without warning after handing them out? That's a line it's now clear you don't cross.
Treyarch responded barely a day later by saying that Nuketown 2025 (ironically advertised in-game as being open 24/7 and never closing) was returning to a bonus playlist called "Chaos Moshpit," and the special occasions idea is no more.
Good for them for responding swiftly to an obvious mistake, but it's one that's perplexing when trying to understand why they made it in the first place.
Related on Forbes:
COMING SOON
The only device in the world which picks the poo and turns it into sterile ash in seconds
THE ASHPOOPIE
As much as we love our pets, non of us enjoy picking up their poop during our walks, having to place the squishy smelly waste into a plastic bag and carrying it around until we find the nearest trash. In fact pet owners dislike this task so much that almost 60% of dog owners just don't do it, leaving smelly waste on the ground for our dear neighbors to step on, or even worse, to be flushed into our water systems causing contamination and the spread of disease.
The Ashpoopie brings the joy back into walking your pet!
The AshPooPie is a lightweight device which mechanically picks up dog poop, placing it into a clean, sterile compartment and with the click of a single button releases a cartridge that sets into motion a chemical process which turns your dog poop into a non-toxic fertile powder in under a minute.
blog | oilshell.org
OVM will be a Slice of the CPython VM
Today's post is a status update on OVM, the virtual machine that OSH and Oil will run on.
Recap
Earlier this month, I listed six problems with using CPython to implement shell. The OSH interpreter is currently ~12K lines of Python.
In Cobbling Together a Python Interpreter, I described a potential solution to these problems. Inspired by tinypy, I would assemble a Python interpreter to run OSH and Oil. I would reuse 8K - 9K lines of Python for the front end, and write an estimated 3K - 5K lines of C++ from scratch for the runtime.
Yesterday, I described a successful integration of the front end components.
Writing the VM is achievable, but it's not clear how long it will take. The biggest risk is probably that I've never written a garbage collector. Garbage collectors are hard to debug, and I've observed that each one is a unique research project.
This post describes an alternative plan:
Using the CPython VM as the basis for OVM. The experiments I've done to validate this approach. How it addresses the six problems with the Python interpreter.
(Aside: A few people on Lobsters doubted the original OPy plan, and I concede that they had a point. But they didn't suggest a better solution. Neither rewriting all the code in C/C++ nor shipping OSH as a Python program are good solutions. Leave a comment if you're unclear about this.)
Demo Code
In oil/cpython-slice on Github, there are shell scripts that build a stripped-down CPython 2.7 VM. It's messy, but it proves the concept:
I removed the CPython tokenizer, parser, and bytecode compiler. This computation can be done offline with the bootstrapped OPy Front End. The Lua VM can be shipped without its parser, and this is the same idea.
I statically linked the fcntl module, which we need to implement redirections, and removed all the dynamic modules from the build process. I disabled dynamic loading of .so files, because a shell doesn't require that. CPython's build system can be configured to statically or dynamically link each standard library module via the Modules/Setup file.
Initially, I was modifying Makefile.pre.in (the autotools input). After I gained familiarity with the build system, I wrote a shell script ( slice.sh ) to compile and link CPython/OVM with a single cc invocation. A debug build only takes 5 seconds.
I plan to further strip down CPython, guided by these analysis tools:
Code coverage using GCC and Clang. This example report shows that 20K of 73K executable lines were hit during a certain run of OSH. I plan to do this in a more rigorous fashion with the spec tests and OSH unit tests.
Code coverage in Python with coverage.py. In addition to removing native code, I also want to remove Python code, i.e. unused parts of the Python standard library. This will help me select the right files.
Bloaty McBloatface, a size profiler for binaries. I tried it this morning, and it was fast and helpful.
How the CPython Slice Addresses the Six Problems
Here I address the six problems in order of most-solved to least-solved:
Python 3's handling of unicode is awkward for a shell. For both OSH and Oil, I plan to Go's UTF-8 centric strategy, implemented in Python 2. That is, only a handful of operations like ${#s} and ${s:0:8} need to know about bytes vs. characters. Otherwise, the shell can pass byte strings from input to output unmolested. For example, a common input is the file system, and a common output is the argv array passed to exec() . If you have a use case where this doesn't work, or you require an encoding other than UTF-8, leave a comment.
The Python interpreter does things with signals that we don't want. I'm taking control of the Python VM, so this can be fixed by with different calls to the embedding API or patching the source. I noticed the Py_InitializeEx() function with its initsigs parameter while doing this experiment.
Shells are required on machines where Python isn't, like Android phones and other embedded devices. Bundling a stripped-down interpreter with OSH solves this problem. It's important to think of it as an implementation detail . From the build perspective, it should be indistinguishable from any other C program: download a tarball and run ./configure && make .
The Python interpreter starts slowly. Python's baroque import mechanism is the main reason for this. Everything related to site.py can be stripped out of OVM, and sys.path will have a single entry. Also, we no longer have to look for .py or .so files. Everything will be .pyc files or statically linked. I'm really excited by this. Not just because Oil has no need for it, but because startup time has been bugging me for over a decade while working with Python!
A shell should be simpler and smaller than Python. Also, OSH should also be smaller than bash, which is ~150K lines. Right now my slice of CPython has ~135K lines of C. However, the ~12K lines of Python in OSH, combined with their Python standard library dependencies, unfortunately makes it bigger than bash. This is where the quick solution loses compared to writing my own VM. But a key point is that the size can be reduced after the OSH 0.1 release, and after writing Oil. There are still many opportunities to strip out code. As long as the startup time is low, there shouldn't be any noticeable downside of a big binary.
The Oil interpreter should be a library. I won't be exposing the Python-C API to users. Eventually I'll be able to design my own Lua-like API, but that remains in the distant future.
Conclusion
Rather than writing my own VM, I'm forking the CPython interpreter, which is the minimum amount of work to address the six problems.
Essentially, my strategy is to ship the prototype. I mentioned in the first post that I wrote ~3K lines of C++ to start OSH, but realized I would never finish at that rate. The Python code turned into the whole project.
I'm not sad about that, because I need leverage to complete not only OSH, but Oil with its Awk and Make functionality.
I believe there are no remaining obstacles to an OSH 0.1 release. There's just work! I don't know when it will be done, but I'll lay out the criteria for a release in a future post.
Deferred Topics
Potential future topics:
Origin of greyhound 'rescued from Chinese meatworks' being investigated by DPIPWE
Updated
The origin of an emaciated greyhound, which animal activists say was rescued from a "meat truck van on the way to a slaughterhouse" in China, is being investigated by authorities in Tasmania.
The Office of Racing Integrity (ORI) - a division of the Department of Primary Industries, Parks, Water and Environment - is checking a number of claims on social media, including whether an ear tattoos on the animal, now named Hope, shows the dog came from Tasmania.
Disturbing images of the eight-year-old dog were uploaded to social media on Sunday, purporting to show the animal with signs of starvation and mange.
An ORI spokesman said he was concerned by reports the dog may be from Tasmania.
"At this stage, there is not enough information available to determine the origin of the dog," he said.
"However, the Office of Racing Integrity is undertaking further inquiries to see if it can be identified.
"There are rules in place for the international movement of racing greyhounds as part of maintaining their welfare while they are racing animals.
"Breaches result in investigations being undertaken by ORI, where stewards conduct inquiries into the matters and penalties can be imposed."
The Facebook post shows a tattoo on one of Hope's ears, that appears to read "T21" plus another obscured numeral or letter.
Emma Haswell from Tasmania's Brightside Animal Sanctuary said the "T" in the markings could mean Hope was from Tasmania.
Ms Haswell claimed there have been instances of trainers sending dogs to China to get money rather than just euthanising them once they were finished racing.
In 2015, an ABC investigation identified dozens of Australian trainers and owners involved in exporting dogs to Asia - a practice that requires appropriate documentation.
Hope 'on way to slaughter'
The pictures of the dog were posted by Kerry Elliman, a greyhound protection advocate in the United Kingdom, who said Hope's apparent treatment left her heartbroken and angry.
"This is Hope, she is a tattooed racing greyhound that was exported to China," she wrote on the Facebook post.
"She was pulled out of the meat truck vans on the way to the slaughterhouse.
"I can't thank the people in China enough for what they do to save these dogs."
Ms Elliman said Hope was taken to an animal refuge she identified as "Wang's shelter", a dog home she said was set up by a Chinese millionaire in north-east China, and was being treated by vets before being sent to the UK in the next three months.
Wang Yan, 29, became well known when he saved more than 2,000 dogs from butchers at meat markets in three years after losing his own dog in 2012.
Ms Elliman added that people were trying to track down the dog's origin from the ear tattoo, but she believed it was from Australia.
Topics: animal-welfare, law-crime-and-justice, tas
First posted
Rasmus Ristolainen is one of the most divisive players in hockey. The Numbers and The Eye Test can't agree on what he is, so here is a closer look at Buffalo's presumed No. 1 defenseman.
The biggest debates in hockey these days usually come from two opposing viewpoints of how best to analyze the game: the numbers vs. the eye test. The two groups are usually on the same page, but there are times when they're worlds apart, and that's usually when evaluations get interesting.
It's in those instances where things are especially illuminating. Maybe there's something missing from the equation or maybe there's an aspect that goes unnoticed, but what's usually clear is that neither side is perfectly right and there's a place somewhere in the middle (or closer to a specific side) to co-exist. Current hockey data is primitive and the sport is so fast and dynamic that there's bound to be things missed on both sides.
That brings up the curious case of Buffalo Sabres defenseman Rasmus Ristolainen, who is probably one of the most divisive players in hockey right now. At least, among those two groups from above. The soon-to-be 23-year-old was picked eighth overall in 2013 with the hopes that he would blossom into a No. 1 defender, a vital piece to a rebuilding team.
There are people who believe Ristolainen is already there, if not very close, and others who see someone who belongs much lower on the depth chart. I conducted a quick Twitter poll to see what people thought and while most people said second pair, the difference between that (47 percent) and top pair (39 percent) wasn't too large, with some suggesting he might be even worse.
POLL
Heat Check: How good is Rasmus Ristolainen? — ? dom ☀️ (@domluszczyszyn) August 10, 2017
This poll isn't very scientific and has the bias of my followers (who are probably also numbers nerds) engrained into it, but the results are interested in showing the divide in opinion of what Ristolainen is at this point.
I understand why people see him as a top pair defenseman. His 45 points last season, 15th among defensemen, is nothing to sneeze at and neither is his monstrous 26:28 of ice-time per game. Only four other guys saw the ice more than Ristolainen did last season and not many other defenders saw the level of competition he did either. Then there's the fact he was the quarterback of an elite power play that finished first in the league last season. Pretty impressive for a defenseman his age.
He's being used in big, important minutes and he's producing in them, so how is he not at least a top pair defenseman?
For starters, his point totals are a little deceiving. Sure, 45 points is nice, but it's a lot easier when you're getting as many minutes as he is. To his credit, he definitely was an elite power-play producer last season with a 5.61 points-per-60 rate, the sixth best mark among defensemen, but his scoring is nowhere near as prolific at 5-on-5. There he's at 0.64 points-per-60, sandwiched between Marco Scandella and Ben Chiarot and good for 128th in the league, or third pair company.
Elite powerplay QB, but third pair scoring at evens, and you can see why some people were splitting the difference and marking him as a second pair guy. The season before was a similar story though he was a bit better at 5-on-5 and a bit worse on the power play. Either way, you got a 40 to 45 point defensemen that's doing the bulk of his damage on the power play while being mostly ineffective at creating offense when both teams have the same number of players.
There's more to his 5-on-5 struggles, too. Points are nice, but top defensemen usually need to drive play. Ristolainen doesn't. So much so that he's actually one of the league's worst defenders in that regard. Over the last two seasons, Buffalo has taken 44.8 percent of the shot attempts when Ristolainen was on the ice, which is 4.4 percent worse than when he's on the bench.
Of the 236 defensemen to play 41 or more games in that time span, only 20 have worse relative numbers. I'll even name them so you can see the company he's in.
Brandon Carlo, Derek Forbort, Tom Gilbert, Jyrki Jokipakka, Kris Russell, Deryk Engelland, Andrew MacDonald, Cody Ceci, Kevin Bieksa, Matt Tennyson, Karl Alzner, Rob Scuderi, Korbinian Holzer, Nick Schultz, Mark Stuart, Nicklas Grossmann, Matt Carle, Anthony Bitetto, Dan Girardi, Willie Mitchell.
There are exactly zero top pairing defensemen on that list (Sorry, Montreal). In fact, there are probably more players who are out of the league now than there are second pairing guys here. And that's the main crux of why Ristolainen is so reviled around many analytics circles: when he's on the ice, the Sabres get killed. Most of that is on the defensive side where the Sabres have given up about nine more attempts per 60 with Ristolainen on the ice.
Now there is a caveat to that and it's part of the Top Pair Ristolainen Argument: he does play tougher competition and he also plays with weaker teammates. Ristolainen is being put in a very tough situation without much help around him.
The effect itself is hard to extract, but I've got a method using 5-on-5 Game Score. Ristolainen faced forward comp in the 95th percentile in both of the last two seasons, which equates to a Game Score roughly 0.05 higher than average. It's not much, but it's basically equal to the effect it had on him. Over the last two seasons his 5-on-5 Game Score is -0.14, but after accounting for usage (including his teammates) that number should be closer to -0.07. That's still below average, but it's closer to break-even than before and puts him at the high end of third pair territory at evens. Usage matters, but a guy who does poorly is usually still a guy doing poorly even after accounting for it.
The big question from this now is why his numbers at 5-on-5 stink, because it's not just who he faces or who he plays with. The NHL doesn't really track numbers that tell us any answers in that regard, but dedicated hobbyists do. One of the big findings from the last few years is that carrying the puck over the line instead of dumping and chasing led to more than twice as many shot attempts. Defenders who allow a lot of shots, like Ristolainen, tend to give up the blueline more.
The man who tracked zone entries for every game of the 2013-14 season, Corey Sznajder, was back at it again last season (though this time around there are only partial season stats) and the numbers aren't pretty for Ristolainen. Compared to every team's No. 1 D-man and the few others who were top 30 in TOI, Ristolainen looks more like a traffic cone than a traffic cop in defending Buffalo's blueline. Just three defenders allow carry-ins at a higher rate than Ristolainen and it's the same story for breaking up plays at the blueline.
That's not to say the order of this list means best or worst defender, it's just best or worst at this specific skill – one that correlates highly with allowing a lot of attempts. It's a likely reason why Buffalo bleeds shots against when Ristolainen is on the ice, he's way too passive at the line and doesn't break up many plays compared to the league's top defensemen. (He's below average compared to regular defensemen, too).
Interestingly, one of the league's best shot suppressors, Mattias Ekholm, is right below him. To get such different results means there's something Ekholm does better in the defensive zone or he defends fewer entries (or maybe being paired with the guy at the top of the list), but it also means this might not be the only reason Ristolainen struggles.
On top of allowing anyone and everyone into the Buffalo zone, Ristolainen also struggles to get it out with control. The best breakouts come from skating or passing the puck out, and Ristolainen only manages that in 42.6 percent of his successful breakouts, the worst mark among these top defensemen. Almost every other defender here gets it done at least half the time. Two-thirds of Ristolainen's exits are either dump-outs, failed attempts, or icings – all of which usually lead to a regroup back into Buffalo territory.
So Ristolainen lets anyone into the zone and doesn't really do well at getting it out afterward. That pretty much explains it… probably. It seems pretty cut and dry with Ristolainen, but seeing Ekholm right there with him again is strange given they have polar opposite results. There's more to be uncovered there and it may be the key to turning around Ristolainen's game at 5-on-5, but for now it's a pretty simple diagnosis: safe is death.
I think that might be one of the big reasons those that watch Ristolainen are enamoured by his play – there's not much risk involved in what he does. In transition defense he defends and protects the net, not forcing anything at the blueline, backing in and allowing opposing forwards free reign into the zone, but guarding the net front. Going the other way, he usually goes for the safe play out of the zone, without much care for how it gets out. These are traditionally low-risk plays, but they come at a much higher price than other options, even if it doesn't seem that way. It usually means a lack of or loss of possession and Ristolainen's results attest to that.
All this is fixable though, especially with a new coaching staff. It's possible that this style of play had more to do with what Dan Bylsma wanted than Ristolainen's ability. He's still very young, his peak years are ahead of him, and they may be much better than what he's shown so far.
They'll have to be if Buffalo intends to contend. He's their No. 1 guy, but he's not a No. 1 on a good or great team. That's the sentiment I got from a quick survey around the THN office who likened him to a 2D or second pairing guy on a good team in his current state, and it's the sentiment I got from the Twitter poll from above. By the numbers he's a strange case where he looks woefully in-over-his-head at 5-on-5 yet magnificent on the power play. Split the difference and that puts him probably around the second pairing. By Game Score that's exactly where he is, too. He's Buffalo's top D-man, but on a good team he wouldn't be and that's a big reason why Buffalo isn't a good team.
Sabres fans may not like it, but it's hard to see it any other way. Ristolainen may be a top defenseman in the league soon, maybe even next year, but he probably isn't one now.
Data via hockey-reference.com, naturalstattrick.com, nhl.com, theenergyline.wordpress.com
Research on stoneflies in Glacier National Park indicates that global warming is reducing the genetic diversity of some species, compromising their ability to evolve as conditions change. These findings have major implications for how biodiversity will be affected by climate change.
The meltwater stonefly has adapted to a very specific and extreme niche — the cold, clear water that pours off of the melting ice and snow from the glaciers in Glacier National Park in Montana. This bug is on the leading edge of climate change because its frigid mountain habitat is rapidly disappearing. Since 1850, 85 percent of the ice in Glacier has disappeared, and all of it is forecast to vanish completely by 2020. In a study published this year, researchers found the cold-loving insect in trouble. “Their physiology requires really, really cold water, and they can't survive once the water gets above an average of 9 degrees Centigrade during August,” said Joe Giersch, a biologist with the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), who has studied this and a similar insect, the western glacier stonefly.
Meltwater stoneflies and western glacier stoneflies move upstream to find cold water as things warm, and because of steeper mountain topography, populations become separated. This has interrupted gene flow, causing some genetics to disappear. As genes dwindle, the species is losing genetic variation and likely “adaptive capacity” — the genetics that give species the ability to evolve needed traits as habitat conditions change. It's a big part of why the meltwater stonefly (Lednia tumana) is being considered for listing as threatened under the federal Endangered Species Act.
A meltwater stonefly. Joe Giersch/U.S. Geological Survey
And many of its fellow high-altitude insects are in trouble too. This stonefly, Giersch and his co-authors wrote, “likely represents a guild of species facing similar threats in alpine headwaters worldwide.” There is a huge unknown when it comes to protecting the meltwater stonefly and other species. Biologists are missing a huge piece of the puzzle — knowing which genetics will give species the evolutionary lift that allows them to adapt successfully to a warmer world. This hidden DNA and the possibly important traits it represents are known as “cryptic diversity,” and much of it is being lost, experts say, as the range of species contracts, fragments, and otherwise changes. Yet this DNA is vital because it contains information on different lineages and on species that are emerging, the cutting edge of evolution. Losing it will greatly complicate the task of assessing how climate change will affect biodiversity and what to protect.
What disappears before we know it could have far-reaching consequences. A long-term research project on the genetic variations in cottonwood trees, called the Cottonwood Ecology Group, found that the genotype of a tree affects the communities of some 700 insect species that depend on it, as well as chemical emissions, microbes, bacteria, lichens, beavers, and birds that feed on the insects. Should important genotypes disappear, whole ecological communities could change in unpredictable ways. “Genetic diversity in foundational plant species — alpine flowers, cottonwoods, or tall grass prairie — drive hundreds if not thousands of other species,” said Thomas Whitham who heads the project at Northern Arizona University. “That's why climate change is an evolutionary event.” Often where the climate is changing fastest is where species are affected most. The bull trout, a threatened species that depends on very cold water in the Pacific Northwest, is also being impacted by warming. “What we found is that genetic diversity is lowest in those locations that are going to experience the greatest climate change and the most stressful environmental conditions,” said Ryan Kovach, a USGS fisheries biologist in Glacier National Park who has published papers on the subject of bull trout and climate. “In other words they don't have genetic diversity where they are most likely to need it.” That's because there are fewer fish in these habitats because of already stressful conditions.
These genetic studies are a race against climate warming that is happening far faster than predicted.
These kinds of genetic studies are a race against climate warming that is happening far faster than predicted. “Although genetic diversity is literally the fundamental building block for all life, it is almost completely ignored in the context of climate change,” said Kovach. Carsten Nowak, a conservation biologist at the Senckenberg Research Institute and Natural History Museum in Gelnhausen, Germany, has also studied the genetics of climate change response in alpine insects, as well as in wolves and other species.
In 2011 Nowak and his colleagues conducted research in high-country Europe that looked at seven species of caddis fly and one species each of mayfly and stonefly, which like the stoneflies in Glacier National Park are cold-loving bugs. The scientists examined the species' genetics and divided them into a finer scale, populations within the species that are genetically distinct from each other, something known as Evolutionary Significant Units (ESUs).
If the climate scenario doesn't change, according to their work, 79 percent of the ESUs will go extinct by 2080, decimating hidden genetic diversity. If greenhouse gas emissions are reduced by the amount needed to cap global warming at 2 degrees Celsius, as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has urged, then 59 percent of the ESUs are projected to disappear.
Nowak's study predicted that the loss of genetic diversity in Europe would be most marked in the Mediterranean region of southern Europe, which is also the area of the continent with the greatest genetic diversity. Even if populations disappear, no one knows what the loss represents. “We need to know if there are ten populations and nine disappear does that matter?” Nowak said.
Portuguese researchers forecasted in a paper published earlier this year that many lineages of amphibians and reptiles on the Iberian peninsula, which is expected to be the hardest hit by warmer and drier weather, could disappear or contract within the next half century, causing a loss of cryptic diversity “with implications to evolutionary processes.” These losses are important because a species, for example, that is exposed to a new disease, might not be able to evolve resistance to it because the genetics that govern immune response are gone. Or the genes that allow a fish or stonefly to regulate its temperature in warmer water might disappear.
Scientists want to sequence the genomes of a species to understand which part is responsible for adaptation.
When I first looked at these pieces by Chinese artist Shi Jindian, they reminded me of really amazing line drawings. I was completely taken aback when I discovered that each form is actually a delicate and intricate 3D wire sculpture!
Shi Jindian says, “I don't like hard, heavy materials…I prefer fine and delicate things.” So the steel wire is a perfect medium for creating these almost ethereal objects.
The artist learned how to create the three-dimensional structures by wrapping steel wires around objects. He then destroys or removes the original object, leaving the detailed, wire form in tact. The results are accurate to the finest detail. Each piece took the artist years to construct, and according to his bio, he says the pieces, “touch the state of mind that emerge from the labor of my hands: tranquility and calm.”
Shi Jindian's website
via [Arrested Motion]
There seems to have been something in the air in June.
According to an international group of alien hunters, the number of UFO sightings doubled last month.
The Mutual UFO Network (Mufon) recorded sightings of 1,179 mysterious unexplained crafts in June – an increase from around 600 in the same period last year.
Scroll down for video
There appears to have been something in the air in June. According to an international group of alien hunters, the number of UFO sightings doubled last month. High-profile sightings last month included one of a 'flying saucer' UFO which visited Stonehenge
The majority of Mufon's cases are in the US, and the organisation usually receives anywhere from 400 to 700 reports each month.
Around 10 to 20 per cent of these cases turn out to be unidentified when matched up weather phenomenon and man-made objects.
But Roger Marsh, Mufon director of communications, doesn't think this means an impending alien invasion.
'We feel [it] was directly related to the final two episodes of Season 2 of 'Hangar 1: The UFO Files,' he told the alternative news site Open Minds.
The Mutual UFO Network (Mufon) recorded sightings of 1,179 mysterious unexplained crafts in June – an increase from around 600 in the same period last year
Roger Marsh, Mufon director of communications, doesn't think this means an impending alien invasion. 'We feel [it] was directly related to the final two episodes of Season 2 of 'Hangar 1: The UFO Files,'' he told the alternative news site Open Minds
This History Channel documentary took a look at Hangar 1, a facility that houses an archive of more than 70,000 files that have been gathered over a period of nearly 50 years.
The files, maintained by Mufon have recently been opened for investigation.
High-profile sightings last month included one of a 'flying saucer' UFO which visited Stonehenge, according to UFO Sightings Blog.
The site said the UFO was 'black in colour and disc shaped,' and described it as 'medium' size at around 20 to 30 feet (6 to 9 metres) across.
In a separate report a UFO enthusiast claims to have found the wreckage of an alien spaceship in Antarctica.
MAPPING 90 YEARS OF UFO SIGHTINGS Last month a data visualisation expert created a map of the US showing almost 90 years of official UFO sightings (above), including information such as the time of day they are typically noticed in different months. The data also reveals that UFO sightings of fireballs are the most common, while egg-shaped craft are the rarest over time. John Nelson combined census data with statistics compiled between 1925 and 2014 by the National UFO Reporting Centre to make his maps. 'Of course, as is the case for any observation data, there is a strong tendency towards echoing a population map' he wrote on his blog. 'This is certainly the case with this sighting data, as well. In order to visualise the actual sighting phenomenon, I needed to normalise by the underlying population.' To do this, he created a map showing sightings by population density, as well as maps based on more complex calculations to build the most accurate maps he could.
Using Google Earth, Valentin Degterev zoomed in on a dark area and says that the shape is a clear sign that it is a crashed UFO.
However, an expert has told MailOnline that it is just a shadow caused by a crevasse, while the blue tinge is bare ice.
Marsh said a very high percentage of the June UFO report surge were historical cases.
'People were watching our show and decided they finally discovered a place where they could report their encounter,' he said.
He added that another explanation for the sightings may be that more people were outside celebrating during the evening hours, and looking up for events such as Memorial Day.
'Some of these are very, very interesting and compelling cases currently under investigation,' he added.
With the battle between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders turning to the question of electability in November, it's often suggested that nominating Sanders could risk a blowout on the order of Barry Goldwater's epic 1964 loss to Lyndon Johnson or George McGovern's epic 1972 defeat at the hands of Richard Nixon. That's because the political science tells us that perceptions that a candidate is outside the ideological mainstream can really matter in general elections, and Sanders would seem vulnerable to being painted as such.
One political scientist who doesn't think Sanders would necessarily face such a fate, however, is Alan Abramowitz of Emory University. That's because he's done a lot of work studying the rise in “negative partisanship,” i.e., the increasing tendency of voters to shape their loyalties around opposition to the other party. As Jonathan Chait noted recently, this means the electorate is more polarized and less fluid than it has previously been, and also that we have very few presidential elections to go on to judge what this trend might mean for 2016.
In an email, Abramowitz explains why he thinks Sanders might not be blown out in a general election or could even possibly win:
Although I generally agree that Sanders would be a risky candidate, I don't think it's obvious that he couldn't win or that the election would end up as a blowout for a couple of reasons: 1) The big reason is polarization and negative partisanship This is also why a Trump or a Cruz nomination would not lead to a blowout loss for the GOP against Clinton. In both parties, voters are much more ideologically cohesive and dislike the opposing party much more than in the past. On the Democratic side, there are far fewer conservative voters who would prefer a Republican to even a very liberal Democrat like Sanders. On the Republican side, there are far fewer moderates to liberal voters who would prefer a Democrat to even a very conservative Republican like Cruz (not sure how to classify Trump here). Therefore defections would likely be far smaller than in past elections like 1964 or 1972 when one party nominated a relatively extreme candidate. 2) The second reason is that the GOP may well nominate an extreme or high-risk candidate of their own in Trump or Cruz. Even Rubio is no moderate. In fact, his views are more extreme in some ways than those of any recent Republican candidate.
Other political scientists disagree with this, however. Vox talked to a number of them and found a range of views, with some fearing a Sanders nomination could cost the Democratic Party a loss, relative to a more conventional nominee, of anywhere from 2-3 to 6-10 percentage points.
If we are going to debate this, however, one hopes we'll adhere to some general standards. For instance: polling of general election head-to-head matchups between Clinton or Sanders and the GOP candidates is borderline meaningless, since the general election voters just aren't paying serious attention now. These numbers shouldn't be pressed into service for either candidate's electability case.
For another, it might not matter that Sanders is widely identified in press reports as a Democratic socialist — and thus would not be vulnerable to being portrayed as extreme — because, again, voters aren't paying attention, and there hasn't been any sustained national effort to frame Sanders and his policies in the eyes of the general election audience. We have no idea how they will be perceived once these things change. And it's not enough to argue that Sanders's general ideas are popular: we should take into account the possibility that a billion-dollar campaign to distort his policies might actually make a difference.
In other words, even if Sanders makes a good argument that middle class tax hikes to pay for single payer would be offset by savings in premiums, it can hardly be assumed that making this case to voters will be easy or that it will be a piece of cake to rebut Republican attacks on single payer as a full government takeover of a huge chunk of the economy. (Yes, Republicans said the same about Obamacare, but a transition to single payer, whatever its virtues, might actually be a good deal more disruptive.)
That's the Clinton campaign's apparent assumption, beyond its real substantive differences with Sanders: That there are some policy positions (middle class tax hikes; transitioning to single payer; universally free public college) that actually could become serious liabilities in a general election, even if we'd like to believe that arguing boldly for the most progressive agenda possible will necessarily prove persuasive if we only do so with enough fearlessness and conviction. We can be overly constrained by being risk-averse, of course, but that fact doesn't mean that there aren't actual limits on what sort of agenda can prevail in a general election or that we can wish away the possibility that the Republican attack machine might have a much better chance at succeeding if given certain fodder to work with.
On the flip side, however, the fact that Sanders excites young voters, and Clinton appears not to, is a serious and legitimate factor when weighing electability. So are Clinton's dismal personal numbers and the possibility that the email story could take a very bad turn. And as political scientist Abramowitz notes above, facile comparisons to 1964 and 1972 aren't sufficiently mindful of how much our politics has changed since then. Also, those who believe conventional Democratic politicians are no longer speaking to the depth of the country's real challenges or think the only way to address them is with truly transformative bottom-up change (even if the chances of it working are deeply uncertain) might see nominating Sanders as worth the risk, particularly since (as Abramowitz also notes) the GOP could nominate an extreme candidate, which could actually result in a Sanders victory.
Ultimately, I think Paul Krugman has the right idea when he says:
On electability, by all means consider the evidence and reach your own conclusions. But do consider the evidence — don't decide what you want to believe and then make up justifications. The stakes are too high for that, and history will not forgive you.
The unfortunate truth is that we're all flying a bit blind here. But that's what the primary process is for — to try to sort this kind of thing out.
Tirau toilet-goers will be relieved to hear that the Tirau Outhouse is open and ready for business.
The Tirau Community Board (TCB) came up with the idea for an 'outhouse' look and feel and the South Waikato District Council contracted Corrugated Creations to carry out the design and build it in Hillcrest St.
"We wanted something fun and fresh, and completely different that reflected our town's uniqueness," Corrugated Creation's Sheryn Clothier said.
"It's a real credit to the TCB and the council for getting behind this project and supporting something so unique."
One of the distinctive features of the Tirau Outhouse is the photo opportunity that allows people to snap a picture on the loo reading the paper - without getting wiped out by traffic.
"We've noticed over the years that when people pass through Tirau they of course want to take a photo with the dog, sheep and the ram but that they'd go out onto the highway to do this. We wanted to give people the opportunity to take a photo with the outhouse without putting themselves in harm's way," Clothier said.
Sitting atop the outhouse is a corrugated kereru (wood pigeon) which pays homage to the kereru that would frequent the area many years ago to feast on the cabbage trees found in Tirau and for which Tirau was named after.
Also included in the design is rusted corrugated iron but users need not break into a sweat over the structural soundness of the building as this is all part of the facade. The building itself is hidden beneath all the design work.
"We've been talking about a toilet at the top of the hill for years and it's great to see such an iconic loo developed," mayor Jenny Shattock said.
"We've had really good feedback from visitors and locals."
There was a time I was pretty much obsessed with zombies. I really loved the whole trope, and I pretty much breezed through movies, TV shows, books, games, and comics that featured them. But you know, everything can hit saturation point, and I was done with zombies ages ago.
Still, when Goat Simulator developer Coffee Stain Studios announced the GoatZ DLC, I found myself jumping in with no hesitation. Heck, I love Goat Simulator. It's buggy, sure, but it's charming and I can find myself playing the stupid game for hours on end and I'd still find something funny about it at the end of the day.
So I grabbed a copy of GoatZ on release date, loaded it up on my trusty Xperia Z3, and played away. How'd I find GoatZ? Read on for the rest of my GoatZ Android review.
Just so you know, I'm reviewing the Android version of GoatZ, so I can't speak for PC users.
Still buggy as fuck
Good news: they kept the bugs. You can sigh in relief now. All the crazy physics are still there. Cars still explode. You can still drag people around when you lick them. And most importantly, the goat's fucking neck still stretches whenever you make it climb ladders.
However, this game introduces big changes to the Goat Simulator formula. Before, you just wander around the map, wreaking havoc while getting achievements like “Michael Bay” for blowing up an entire gas station. There's just no way your goat can die, no matter how high a fall you subject it to.
It's like DayZ, but with goats
This all changes with GoatZ. The main gaming mode, Survival, now has a health bar so when you're head-butting zombies you have to dodge their attacks and not die. There's also a hunger bar which drains pretty quickly – you have to find food pretty much all the time, or else your goat starves to death. Fortunately, whenever you defeat zombies you will be provided with their brains for much-needed sustenance.
One more thing – you can also pick up items and “craft” some weapons out of them. The weapons themselves range from pretty silly (a bubble gum machine bazooka) to the useless (a rocket launcher that only honks; and I got this when 20 zombie goats attacked me – obviously, this lead to me dying). I still haven't figured out how to discard weapons that you don't need.
Chillin' with the undead
There's also a Casual Mode where you don't have to worry about your hunger or health bars. You'll be just a zombie goat, chilling in the zombie apocalypse with your fellow undead. Basically, this is the original Goat Simulator experience but with zombies.
As with the original Goat Simulator, doing different stunts will help you gain achievements, and getting enough achievements will let you unlock skins. I am laughing my ass off at my current favorite, the Fake Goat skin:
Gameplay videos, yay!
Anyway, here's a gameplay video for GoatZ. I played in casual mode because I am a filthy pleb and I just wanna show the crazy physics of this game.
And here's one where a car just drags my goat throughout the entire map:
Yes, I know GoatZ sounds uncomfortably close to Goatse. Yes, I know it might actually be on purpose. And yes, the game is out for less than a week and the joke is getting old already. Come on, internet.
So what do you think of GoatZ? Are you going to get it for yourself or are you gonna wait?
Download GoatZ for Android here and here. If you want it on iOS, here you go.
I didn't meet Bob Huggins until I was an adult. But I feel like I've known him my whole life. And I used to hate him. Man, I used to hate Bob Huggins so much.
I grew up just outside of Memphis, you see?
This was back before the Grizzlies moved to town, when the most significant sports franchise in the city, by a wide margin, was the Memphis Tigers basketball team. My parents loved the Tigers. Seemed like everybody loved the Tigers. So I also loved the Tigers -- first when Keith Lee was the star, then Elliot Perry, then Penny Hardaway.
I wanted Memphis to win big every season.
And the person most responsible for preventing that from happening, year after year, was then-Cincinnati coach Bob Huggins -- most memorably during the 1991-92 season when his Bearcats beat my Tigers twice in the regular season, then again in the Great Midwest Conference Tournament title game, then one last time for good measure in the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament in Kansas City ... by 31 freakin' points!
I despised Bob Huggins that season.
He ruined my year.
I told him as much the other day.
"And I loved every minute of it," Huggins said with a laugh.
I was 14 years old when that 1991-92 season began. Huggs was 38. So we've both aged 25 years and been through a lot since then, not all of it good -- though I suppose that's true of any human who was alive in 1991 and is still breathing today. Either way, the profession I chose created a world in which our paths have, for more than a decade now, crossed often. We've watched stupid AAU games in gyms together. We've ordered strong tall drinks in bars together. We've laughed and traded stories, texted and talked. And I say all that only so that I can say this: I now know Bob Huggins fairly well and I really like him a lot.
He's one of my favorite college basketball coaches.
If you knew him, you'd feel the same.
And I can't wait to watch him win his 800th game this weekend.
Bob Huggins is about to join some very elite company. USATSI
***
West Virginia will play UMKC Saturday afternoon, at which point a capacity crowd is expected to fill WVU Coliseum and witness history. Because when the final buzzer sounds, barring a massive upset, Bob Huggins will become just the 10th person ever to spend at least 10 years as a Division I men's coach and win 800 games at the four-year college level. The other men on the list are mostly giants: Mike Krzyzewski, Bob Knight, Jim Boeheim, Dean Smith, Adolph Rupp, Jim Calhoun, Jim Phelan, Eddie Sutton and, most recently, Rollie Massimino.
Next up: Bob Huggins.
And I've apparently thought about it more than he's thought about it.
"I haven't thought about it other than when people ask me about it," Huggins said. "I just don't live my life that way. I live in the present."
But you'll appreciate it someday, right?
"I'm sure I will when I'm done," Huggins answered. "But I don't think about it now."
Fair enough.
But I've been thinking about it a lot. And it really is something to be celebrated because it's an awesome achievement by a mostly misunderstood man who's been one of college basketball's most consistent winners for more than three decades despite having never worked at a Blue Blood program.
Bob Huggins was never supposed to be here.
And that sentence has multiple meanings.
First and foremost, a coach who has only worked at Walsh, Akron, Cincinnati, Kansas State and West Virginia isn't supposed to surpass the 800-win mark under any circumstances. Or average 23.3 victories per season. Or coach 12 All-Americans and 18 NBA Draft picks. Or win 13 regular-season league titles. Or earn National Coach of the Year honors six different times. Or make two Final Fours.
Those jobs aren't built for those things.
But Huggins has achieved them all anyway.
It's remarkable.
But it's not even the most remarkable thing about Huggins being on the verge of making history in December 2016. Because the most remarkable thing about Huggins being on the verge of making history in December 2016 is that a massive heart attack nearly killed him in September 2002.
"I died twice," Huggins said. "They shocked me back to life twice."
Which is true, by the way.
Scary and true.
Somehow, Huggins survived that and recovered quickly. He was coaching again within weeks and back to being his old self not too long afterward.
"When I'm around him in the summer, he's the same Bob Huggins," said Ole Miss coach Andy Kennedy, who worked for Huggins at Cincinnati. "My father has been through a heart attack. My father-in-law just went through one. It shocks you in those first few days because your own mortality flashes before your eyes. But I think, as time went on, Huggs got back to being who he is."
At this, Kennedy chuckled.
"For better or for worse," he added. "As you know well."
Make that as everybody knows well. And that's the other thing I wanted to highlight about Huggins -- how he's the son of a coach, a coach's coach, a man who enjoys few things more than sitting at a table with people who love basketball, sipping drinks and telling stories. He's earned legend status in the coaching fraternity, proof being that when we polled coaches this summer and asked which other coach they'd most like to have a beer with, the overwhelming winner was Bob Huggins.
"I've seen a lot of, I'll call them victims, who want to have a beer with Huggs but don't understand that's just the beginning," Kennedy said with a laugh. "It does not end there. You have to put your big-boy pants on if you're going to sit at our table."
Added Oklahoma State coach Brad Underwood, also a former Huggins assistant: "People don't actually go to drink with Huggs. They go to laugh with him. The guy's hilarious. He makes you laugh. And he likes people who make him laugh."
This is what I meant when I mentioned Huggins is mostly misunderstood. If all you've done is watch him coach, you might think he's a rough-and-gruff maniac. "But he's only that way when he's coaching because his will is driving that team," Kennedy said. "Off the court, he's laid back, soft-spoken. You have to really pay attention when he speaks or you won't even hear him. He's a completely different guy off the court."
"And most people don't know how smart he is," Underwood added. "Huggs' intelligence is under-appreciated. ... And he's so falsely perceived by most. He became the black hat [of college basketball] because, early on at Cincinnati, he did things differently; he won with junior college players when junior college players were taboo. So he became the black hat. But that's not right. That's not him. Anybody who has been around Huggs and who has gotten to know Huggs, or worked for him or played for him, knows that he'd give them the shirt off his back. He's so loyal. I know very few people who are as loyal as Huggs."
I asked Huggins about the so-called black hat assigned to him.
"You know this better than anybody, man," he said. "I came in at Cincinnati, and because I had all those junior college guys, I was UNLV of the East. They put a black hat on me. Was it fair? No. Did the people saying that know me? No."
And did it bother you?
"You just get used to it," Huggins answered. "After a while, you just get numb."
Huggins took Cincinnati to 14 straight NCAA Tournaments. Getty Images
***
The one obvious thing that separates Bob Huggins from the other 800-game winners -- besides the fact that most of them have coached at Blue Blood programs, and he hasn't -- is that most of them have won national championships, and he hasn't. Which brings me to the 1999-2000 season. Huggins had the best team in the country that year, everybody agreed. And then, randomly and cruelly, Wooden Award winner Kenyon Martin suffered a broken leg in the Conference USA Tournament.
I've often wondered what would've happened if that never happened.
I asked Huggins if he's ever wondered.
"I don't have to wonder," he said. "I know what would've happened. Big fella wasn't gonna let us lose. ... And, yeah, the Kenyon thing still bothers me."
From there, Huggins told a story about how Martin came to him after his junior season and was considering entering the NBA Draft. Huggins did the homework and ultimately told his star player that he'd likely be selected around 20th.
"So Kenyon said to me, 'What do you think?' And I said, 'Honestly, I think if you come back you could be the first pick in next year's draft. Or at least top five. But that's up to you. That's not my decision. What do you want to do?'" Huggins recalled. "And Kenyon looked at me and said, 'Coach, I want to win a national championship.' That's why he came back. And when I went out on that floor, after he got hurt, what I never heard come out of his mouth was 'What about my career? What have I done? Should I have left last year?' There was none of that. When I went out on that floor, all Kenyon said was, "Why, Huggs? Why? All I wanted to do is win a national championship for you.' And that bothers you now. That gets you."
Martin, by the way, still became the No. 1 pick of the 2000 NBA Draft.
He spent 15 years in the NBA.
"I was doing a thing at the Final Four years ago with [ex-Louisville coach] Denny Crum, and a guy asked, 'What's it take to win a national title?'" Huggins recalled. "Denny said, 'You have to be lucky. And you can't be unlucky.' And then he turned to me and said, 'And this guy right here's been the unluckiest coach in our era.'"
Bob Huggins doesn't view himself that way, though.
That's important to note.
Does he think he'd have one or maybe even two national titles if not for unfortunate and ill-timed injuries to key players? Yes, absolutely he does. But how could a man who is coaching at his alma mater, in his hometown, in front of siblings and friends from elementary school, consider himself unlucky? How could a man still operating at the highest level of the sport -- West Virginia is 8-1 and ranked 12th in the AP poll -- consider himself unlucky? How could a man who lived after being shocked back to life twice 14 years ago consider himself unlucky?
Answer: He can't.
So Bob Huggins doesn't.
He just wakes up every day, heads to work and prepares to win the next game.
And he's damn good at it.
That's the point.
Yeah, he might've ruined my childhood by using Nick Van Exel and a bunch of tough dudes just like Nick Van Exel to beat my favorite team over and over and over again. But I'm over that. So when I look at Bob Huggins now, I don't see a man dealing demoralizing losses to my hometown school. When I look at Bob Huggins now, what I see is one of the best to ever do it. I see a future Hall of Famer. I see a smart and funny guy who is widely respected within his profession.
Mostly, I see a coach worth toasting.
First round's on him.
WASHINGTON -- The 29 U.S. Marines dodged bullets at the front -- first in the Pacific and then in Germany -- passing top-secret messages to each other in a code that the enemy couldn't crack.
The warriors, Navajo Code Talkers, relied on their their native language to develop the code, which helped to turn the course of World War II in the favor of the Allies. Of the original group, only one is still alive: Chester Nez.
On Nov. 9, the American Veterans Center honored Nez and six other veterans for bravery and valor above and beyond the call of duty during combat. Nez received the Audie Murphy Award for distinguished service in the military during World War II.
“I was very proud to say that the Japanese did everything in their power to break that code but they never did,” Nez said in an interview with Stars and Stripes the day before the award ceremony.
If the Code Talkers had been caught, he said, they would be tortured and their tongues cut out. They risked everything for the United States, even though they were raised in military boarding schools that prohibited them from speaking their native language.
Nez was raised at a time when the government required every Native American to have a census number and be accounted for. His grandson, Latham, described it as a “bad time” for Native Americans. Part of the effort involved taking children off reservations and putting them into boarding schools. Once there, children were forbidden to speak Navajo and were beaten or had their mouths washed out with soap if they were caught.
That didn't stop them from whispering Navajo to each other in secret, said Latham Nez, who travels with his grandfather helping him tell his story. Their language, however, would serve the United States well later, in 1942, when Americans were dying in rising numbers overseas, especially in the Pacific. The Japanese seemed to know what the U.S. military was planning well before it took place.
That's where the Code Talkers came in, recruited from boarding schools to join the Marines and use their unique skills to develop an unbreakable code to pass messages.
“Even some of our town tribe wouldn't understand what we were talking about,” Nez said in the interview.
World War I veteran Philip Johnston, who came up with the idea to develop the Navajo Code in 1941, came to Nez' boarding school to recruit. The volunteers went directly into basic training without any goodbyes. Nez left behind his sister Dora, his father and his beloved grandmother, who wouldn't know he was fighting until two years after he left.
When the Code Talkers got out of the service, “they told us not to talk about what we did,” Nez said.
The Navajo men received no fanfare, and many struggled, said Judith Avila, who co-wrote Nez's memoir “Code Talker: The First and Only Memoir By One of the Original Talkers of WWII” and helped Nez during the Nov. 8 interview.
Instead of people thanking them for their service, they faced discrimination and insults, she said. When Nez wore his Marine Corps uniform to register for his Certificate of Degree of Indian Blood -- required for all Native Americans -- the clerk told Nez he wasn't a real citizen.
“I wish I had my .45 with me,” Nez recalled saying at the time, according to Avila, “because if I did, I would shoot you in the face.”
Without support, suffering from what most now know to be post-traumatic stress, many Code Talkers turned to alcohol and lived on the streets. There were about 420 Code Talkers that followed the original 29 into service. Of that group, about 30 are still alive.
Nez said he was one of the lucky ones. When he returned, he was embraced by his family. He got a job at the VA, which he kept until the 1970s.
Nez still has good memories of his time with the Marines, whom he said treated the Code Talkers very well. Latham Nez, who accompanied his grandfather to the awards, said the Marines saw the Navajo men as “damn good Marines” who were already warriors when they left for basic training.
A modest man, Nez doesn't talk a lot. His grandson said that he was raised not to discuss his life, which made the book very special. It's also what makes the Audie Murphy award so fantastic.
“His normal response was a big smile, and saying, ‘Good, good.' I know deep down it's the story that's important (to him),” Latham Nez said.
Twitter: https://twitter.com/mjtibbs
Email: tibbetts.meredith@stripes.com
Excerpts from the Navajo code
English Word Navajo Word Meaning Corps Din-neh-ih Clan Switchboard Ya-ih-e-tih-ih Central Dive Bomber Gini Chicken Hawk Torpedo Plane Tas-chizzie Swallow Observation Plane Me-as-jah Owl Fighter plane Da-he-tih-hi Humming Bird Bomber Jay-sho Buzzard Alaska Beh-hga With-Winter America Ne-he-Mah Our Mother Australia Cha-yes-desi Rolled Hat Germany Besh-be-cha-he Iron Hat Philippines Ke-yah-da-na-lhe Floating Land
English Letter Navajo Word Meaning A Wol-la-chee Ant B Shush Bear C Moasi cat D Be Deer E Dzeh Elk F Ma-e Fox G Klizzie Goat H Lin Horse I Tkin Ice J Tkele-cho-gi Jackass K Klizzie-yazzie Kid L Dibeh-yazzie Lamb M Na-as-tso-si Mouse N Nesh-chee Nut O Ne-ahs-jah Owl P Bi-so-dih Pig Q Ca-yeilth Quiver R Gah Rabbit S Dibeh Sheep T Than-zie Turkey U No-da-ih Ute V A-keh-di-glini Victor W Gloe-ih Weasel X Al-an-as-dzoh Cross Y Tsah-as-zih Yucca Z Besh-do-gliz Zinc
— National Archives
President Trump greets Vice President Pence, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), at the White House. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
President Trump, as we well know, is all about going BIG.
That was on display, yet again, in the latest update on tax reform. The statement on taxes from the White House and top GOP leaders was only 600 words long Thursday, but it told us three key things.
First, Trump wants to go big. Trump is still committed to a sweeping reform of the U.S. tax system, similar to what President Ronald Reagan did. He's dismissing calls to do a “skinny” bill with just a few tax cuts, as some former campaign advisers like Larry Kudlow and Stephen Moore had been pushing.
Second, there's a long way to go to a final deal. For all the talk of “unity” in the statement that Republican leaders issued Thursday, there is no agreement yet on the critical issues. How low will the rates go? And how will the GOP ensure this tax plan doesn't add more to America's nearly $20 trillion debt?
Third, in the fierce internal GOP power struggle, the House Republicans were the first to cave. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and budget guru Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.) really wanted to do a border adjustment tax (BAT), which would tax companies that import products from overseas and give a break to companies that export American goods abroad. They have now officially given up. “We have decided to set this policy aside in order to advance tax reform,” the statement said.
The short statement was full of phrases about “unity,” “shared commitment” and “our shared sense of purpose” for cutting taxes for U.S. businesses and households. It was issued jointly by the “Big Six” who are leading Trump's economic agenda: Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) and Brady.
After a scrappy fight on health-care reform, Republicans wanted to send a clear message that tax reform is their No. 1 priority in the fall and there is a lot of cohesion around it.
“They are going to move heaven and earth to get tax reform done. That is the point they are trying to drive home,” said Neil Bradley, chief policy officer at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, a business lobbying group that has been urging action on taxes. The chamber and other business groups applauded the statement as genuine progress.
But what the statement did not say was equally important.
There were no numbers (except to say the Trump administration has met with 200 members of the House and Senate). In other words, there is still no agreement on tax rates — for businesses or individuals. Trump wants a 15 percent corporate rate. Will it go that low? We don't know. The statement just says, “The goal is a plan that reduces tax rates as much as possible.”
There is also no agreement on how to ensure tax cuts don't pile on more to the national debt. The statement says the Big Six “place a priority on permanence” of any cuts or reform measures. That makes sense because businesses and households probably aren't going to go out and spend a lot more money — and thus boost economic growth — if the tax cuts are only good for a few years and then no one knows what will happen.
The business community has been pushing for permanent changes to the tax code. But here's the catch: According to Congressional rules, changes that last more than a decade aren't allowed to add to the debt. They have to be “paid for” with spending cuts or extra revenue from somewhere else.
“The statement makes clear that permanence is a high priority for our discussions. That means this tax reform has to move us toward a balanced budget, not away from it,” Brady told reporters."That is still our top priority.”
But making the math work is going to be tricky. The goal of tax reform is to lower the rates but eliminate a lot of deductions so the government still brings in about the same amount of money, if not more. But so far, there's no consensus on what goodies to slash. Instead, the White House is pushing the idea that tax cuts pay for themselves. The Trump budget was heavily criticized for relying on this dream scenario coming true. The White House predicts that the tax cuts will cause growth to soar to 3 percent in the coming years.
Few economists — on Wall Street or in Washington — are willing to go that high. The GOP budget predicts 2.4 percent growth. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says 1.8 or 1.9 percent.
“I am very committed we can get to 3 percent GDP, and we will,” Mnuchin said Thursday at a congressional hearing.
This debate matters because the White House assumes tax cuts will lead to much stronger economic growth, which will then cause tax revenue to go up.
Outside experts, like those at the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a nonpartisan public policy think tank, disagree. They predict Trump's plans will add trillions to America's debt. The GOP statement Thursday did nothing to ease their fears.
“The outline today did not include deficit neutrality as a principle, a glaring omission and key factor for any plan intended to grow the economy and rein in our unsustainable debt,” says Maya MacGuineas, president of the CRFB.
If anything, the statement Thursday makes it harder to figure out how to pay for tax cuts. The border adjustment tax would have brought in $1 trillion over the next decade, according to the Tax Foundation, a think tank. Now Republicans don't even have that revenue to help out.
Balancing the budget while cutting taxes is hard. Republicans reiterated Thursday that that's what they want to do, but they are no closer to figuring out how to achieve it. Without the extra money from a border adjustment tax, the task just got harder.
Image copyright Courtesy of Victoria Police Image caption A ring from the Napoleon Bonaparte museum collection was stolen on Thursday
Rare artefacts connected to Napoleon Bonaparte, including a lock of his hair, have been stolen from a museum in Australia, local police say.
Police believe thieves broke into The Briars historic homestead, south of Melbourne, through a bathroom window.
The thieves "jemmied open cabinets" on Thursday night and stole items that also included a ring, a statement from the police said.
The collection was assembled by a family with ties to the French emperor.
"The offender/s have jemmied open cabinets inside and stolen numerous priceless antiques," the Victoria state police said in a statement.
"The stolen items included a ring and flowers containing Napoleon's hair, a ribbon inscribed by Napoleon in 1815 and a snuff box," it added.
Image copyright Courtesy of Victoria Police Image caption The artefacts were assembled by a family who had historic links to Napoleon
Local reports quoted museum officials as saying that descendants of Englishman Alexander Balcombe, who met Napoleon in exile on St Helena Island, put the collection together.
"Alexander Balcombe settled here [in Australia] in 1846 and sat on Napoleon's knee as a little boy," museum co-ordinator Steve York told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
"Really they're priceless, because they can't be replaced. We're quite distraught. Irreplaceable," Mr York said of the objects taken.
Police are asking the public for any information regarding the theft.
"We think this was a fairly targeted theft," Detective Senior Sergeant Michael Lamb told ABC, adding that it would be difficult to publicly dispose of the artefacts.
SINGAPORE - Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam yesterday (Sept 28) ruled out the possibility that he might be PM, saying Singapore has a distinctive political culture where each minister contributes to the team in a way that matches his strengths.
This culture has been built up over time and the next PM - who will be “first among equals” - will be decided from among the fourth generation of leaders, he added.
“There's no urgency to see succession in this term of government. That's why we're focused on the fourth generation of leaders, building them up and enabling them to take over during the next term of government,” he said.
Mr Tharman was responding to questions from reporters on recent speculation, including a poll that Yahoo Singapore ran on Monday, that showed him as respondents' top choice to be Singapore's fourth PM.
“Just to be absolutely clear, because I know of this talk that's going around, I'm not the man for PM. I say that categorically. It's not me. I know myself, I know what I can do, and it's not me,” he said.
“I'm good at policymaking, I'm good at advising my younger colleagues, and at supporting the PM – not at being the PM. That's not me.”
Asked if his age was a concern to his being considered for next PM, the 59-year-old said: “I'm quite clear about this. I know who I am and I know what I'm capable of doing, and I know how I am best able to serve Singapore.”
Mr Tharman cited as examples Old Guard stalwarts Goh Keng Swee and S Rajaratnam, saying: “Their contributions to Singapore were immense, and till today they are in a league of their own, but even they would not have been ideal as a PM.”
He said Dr Goh was a remarkable person without whom Singapore would be much poorer and much less secure, but “did not have the temperament to be PM and did not want to be”.
As for Mr Rajaratnam, an “extremely good foreign minister”, “he wasn't cut out to be PM, he knew it, and no one regards him the lesser because he wasn't PM.”
“I mention them as illustration. I myself and no one in future is going to come close to Dr Goh and Rajaratnam's contributions to Singapore, but even they would not have been ideal as PM,” he added.
“We each find a way to contribute to Singapore, that matches our strengths, and we each contribute to a strong team.”
As for Singapore's political culture, he said: “No one is out to outdo someone else in Cabinet, or worse still to undermine someone else in Cabinet because he or she could be a competitor to them. Everyone is in this as a member of the team. It's a culture that we've built up over time that we must absolutely keep.”
Mr Tharman added that he sees this in the fourth generation of leaders, some of whom entered politics in the 2011 elections, others in 2015.
“I've seen how they work together, I've seen them building up trust with each other,” he said.
He also made clear that Singapore does not face an “immediate problem” when it comes to succession, because PM Lee Hsien Loong is healthy despite a recent scare at last month's National Day Rally. PM Lee is “still on top of the challenges that Singapore faces”, and is highly regarded by the international community, Mr Tharman said.
PM Lee has previously said he plans to step down some time after the next general election, which must be called by Jan 15, 2021.
Mr Tharman said there are a few fourth-generation leaders who could be “first amongst equals during the next term of government”.
Asked whether the list of potential PMs has narrowed for him, he said: “We all have our sense as to who has the potential to be the first among equals and it doesn't lessen the contributions of the others.”
“Who thinks lowly of Raja and Goh Keng Swee? They were towering figures, but not everyone is suited to be the PM,” he added.
“The whole idea is build a strong team to take Singapore forward, and I'm confident of that in the fourth generation. I've watched them; I know them well,” he said.
“Some I've known for a long time like (Finance Minister Heng) Swee Keat; some others over the last six years. I've confidence in them and some of us in the third generation would be around to support them.”
MLS' latest roster-mechanism fad rewards teams with USL reserve teams, and shows how far MLS has come in scouting and roster management.
We are part of The Trust Project What is it?
When Orlando City announced the signing of midfielder Pierre da Silva earlier this year, he was lauded as the first player to move from the academy to the club's USL side, Orlando City B, to the first team.
While da Silva climbed the organizational ladder in exactly the way every MLS team hopes for its homegrown players, the 18-year-old does not have the homegrown designation. Instead, he is an example of a loophole benefit to operating a USL team.
One of the keys to success in Major League Soccer is finding gaps in the many roster rules and regulations. Several teams have started to take advantage of one rule to mine prospects they can eventually bring to the first team.
The rule is a sign of how far MLS front offices have come in the last few years, both in roster management and scouting. Just a few years ago, many teams barely had the resources to scout for depth on the first team.
According to the roster rules, every MLS team can designate up to three players from its USL affiliate as a “USL Priority Player,” which gives that club the player's MLS rights. It's an ancillary benefit to the USL partnership, which is mainly considered a stepping stone for young players trying to reach MLS from the academy system. Clubs are taking advantage of the rule by essentially increasing their discovery list by three slots.
Some young American players are being brought through to MLS teams via the loophole, like da Silva and potentially recent Orlando City B signing and U.S. U-19 prospect Ryley Kraft. But the priority rule has become an easy avenue for teams to find and sign young international prospects under the age of 24.
Examples are littered across both MLS and USL rosters.
The LA Galaxy inked Bradley Diallo, who started his career in France before coming to the USL side LA Galaxy II. On the USL side, Los Dos recently signed Andre Ulrich Zanga and Jean Jospin Engola, two 19-year-old products brought in from an academy in Cameroon. Sporting Kansas City signed Kevin Oliveira from the Portuguese second division to its USL side, Swope Park Rangers. Nansel Selbol was signed by Swope Park after being brought over from an academy in Nigeria. Real Salt Lake recently signed 20-year-old Ghanaian forward Emmanuel Ocran to its USL side, Real Monarchs. Seattle added defender Nouhou Tolo and midfielder Jordy Delem.
The Portland Timbers have had great success with the mechanism. Victor Arboleda, a 19-year-old Colombian, and Rennico Clark, a 21-year-old Jamaican, are both examples of players signed to an MLS roster using USL priority. Both are young international players who were initially brought through Timbers 2. Several more prospects were signed to Portland's USL side this offseason.
In addition to Kraft, a top U.S. prospect, Orlando City also added international players from nearby Montverde Academy, Jules Youmeni and Albert Dikwa, both Cameroon natives.
“It depends on how every club uses it,” Real Salt Lake general manager Craig Waibel told FourFourTwo. “In our club we look at it as an opportunity to take a look at some guys. We primarily focus our [spots] positionally based on where we feel we will need in the future, because we are signing them to our USL team, so they're not meant for today. We're kind of speculating, like anyone. A little bit of mining, as it goes.”
While this rule may be incredibly helpful for teams in smaller markets with fewer prospects in their academies, it is by no means a replacement for the homegrown rule. Homegrown Players, and even draft picks, hold major benefits in comparison to the USL priority rule.
PAUL TENORIO The whole story: Why Minnesota United paid so much to get Kevin Molino
For one, Homegrown Players are subject to a greater amount of funding, including the $125,000 homegrown subsidy and up to $200,000 in Targeted Allocation Money. Homegrown players can also be used in roster spots 29 and 30, which increases the size of your first-team roster. In addition, homegrown players do not take up international roster spots, a massive bonus for MLS teams.
Most USL Priority Players ideally fit in the reserve and supplemental rosters, but that means they would have to agree to league minimum contracts of $53,000 or $65,000, respectively. It's not easy to find players willing to take those fees, at least not top prospects from Europe and South and Central America.
In all, 20 players were signed this year using the USL priority designation across MLS. Some of those players are former draftees taken in later rounds and groomed as USL signings. Some started their careers in those teams' academies, but may not qualify as homegrowns. Many are international players brought over with an eye towards development at the USL level.
Several general managers said the spots are best used on that last option – scouting and finding young international players who can be closely scouted and developed at the USL level. The rule is a sign of how far MLS front offices have come in the last few years, both in roster management and scouting. Just a few years ago, many teams barely had the resources to scout for depth on the first team, let alone for three USL spots that could potentially help down the road.
Teams that do not own their USL teams can also sign players to their affiliate, however it could complicate matters if the relationship between the two teams deteriorates.
Victor Arboleda
LA Galaxy coach Curt Onalfo was tasked with starting the league's first USL affiliate, LA Galaxy II. He said his focus was almost entirely on bridging the large gap from the academy to the first team, yet the function has also been successful in bringing players like Ariel Lassiter and Diallo into the Galaxy's first team.
“It's a great way to develop players and have another avenue to make sure you have quality depth in your team,” Onalfo said. “… Whatever mechanism you can, you should utilize. But then you can also do it in your style. A guy like Bradley Diallo came from Ligue 1, where they play very direct. We play a different style, so it took him a while to adapt. All the players you can adapt them to how you want to play, so they fit into your system and how you want to do things. So, it helps.”
Several interviews with MLS team officials left the impression that the rule was very much still in a wait-and-see phase in regards to how the league office may react. In the past, the league has adjusted rules if it believes a loophole is being exploited beyond its intention.
With a wave of signings this year, however, it's clear that the USL priority lists have become yet another useful tool for MLS teams in roster building.
Arena has a tough task
Christopher Hanewinckel-USA TODAY Sports
You know it's bad when you have to rewrite a story about your preferred lineup for the U.S. men's national team World Cup qualifier on Friday due to injury … and then it's useless less than 24 hours later.
This is the much more serious dilemma facing U.S. men's national team coach Bruce Arena ahead of Friday's qualifier against Honduras as he goes back to the drawing board with his starting lineup. Injuries to Fabian Johnson, DeAndre Yedlin and now Bobby Wood will force Arena to shuffle not just his team, but potentially the formation and plan for how to face the Catrachos.
Wood's injury, especially, creates a scenario where Arena may opt to abandon a 4-4-2 formation and play a 4-2-3-1. His decision to add Sacha Kljestan to the lineup at least indicates that it's a real possibility. Arena may look to start Jozy Altidore alone up top with a midfield line of Christian Pulisic, Kljestan and either Darlington Nagbe or Alejandro Bedoya behind him. Michael Bradley and either Kellyn Acosta or Sebastian Lletget would complete the midfield, while Graham Zusi looks like a likely starter at right back. Michael Orozco may still hold on to that spot, depending on whether Arena wants an overlapping presence on that side of the field.
Arena could also stick with a 4-4-2 and simply slot Clint Dempsey or Jordan Morris into the starting lineup for Wood.
Whichever way you now draw up the lineup, it's not what Arena would have sketched out just two weeks ago when it looked like he had all healthy options. The Americans are going to have to play two incredibly important games without three starters and with a lineup that could be considered patchwork. It will also be the first major test in Arena's second go-round as U.S. coach.
It certainly adds another dose of intrigue.
Bryan Rochez no-risk, high-reward for Atlanta
Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
It's amazing what a bit of patience can do with a player like Carlos Rivas, huh? One of the few projects on which Orlando City didn't hit the panic button, Rivas is starting to look more like the player that tore up the Colombian league with Deportivo Cali and prompted the initial Lions' front office to sign him in 2015.
It wasn't such a fate for Bryan Rochéz, who had plenty of self-inflicted issues in Orlando, but was waived and signed by Atlanta United this week. It's a smart move by Atlanta, which inherits absolutely no risk for a player who looked plenty capable in front of net when fit and given minutes. Atlanta might even benefit without Rochéz playing for its first team. The right loan could increase the Honduran's value, and even splitting a transfer fee would mean pure profit for the expansion side. Not so for Orlando City, which put up the transfer fee for a player who torched the Honduran league just a few years ago (and scored six goals in 493 minutes on loan last season.)
Orlando, by the way, has six points in two games and should be very pleased with how Rivas and Cyle Larin have combined up top. There are still areas to work on in the midfield and backline, as Jason Kreis said after the game, but early in the season it's all about the results and the Lions have done just that.
Read of the week
In honor of Jimmy Breslin, who died on Sunday, this week's read is his legendary column after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
More features every day from FourFourTwo USA
Paul Tenorio is a reporter for FourFourTwo. Follow him on Twitter @PaulTenorio.
Image copyright Irving of Exeter Image caption Balin Hobbs cycled on the M5 for more than ten miles
A cyclist rode his bike for more than 10 miles on a busy stretch of motorway before being stopped by police.
Balin Hobbs, 52, was cycling on the hard shoulder of the M5 when police forced him from the road and into a service station near Cullompton, Devon.
He admitted riding a pedal cycle on a motorway and resisting arrest, at Exeter Magistrates' Court.
He was given a 12-month conditional discharge and ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge.
More on motorway cyclist and more Devon stories
The court heard how Hobbs cycled to Devon from London to attend the court hearing because it was against his spiritual beliefs to be driven in petrol or diesel vehicles.
It took him three days and he slept on the courtroom steps the night before.
Hobbs was heading towards Bristol on the M5 on his bike during the afternoon of April 29 when police caught up with him.
He overtook the police car, and they forced him from the road after a further two miles when he went into a service station at Junction 28.
He wrestled with officers as he was arrested and put into a police van, the court heard.
Image copyright Irving of Exeter Image caption After the hearing in Exeter, Balin Hobbs got on his bike to cycle back to London.
Hobbs, whose address was given as Hennock, Devon, but who is living in London, said: "You are putting me in shackles for no reason."
Hobbs, who had no previous convictions, defended himself in court, and said: "I was definitely on the M5 on my bike."
But he claimed the police had "intimidated, harassed and harangued me" adding: "I did not intend to cycle on the M5 but I had to try and find my way to Bristol and then London."
Following the hearing, he mounted his bike to begin the journey back to London.
International Women's Day in March 2017 became a tragic one for Guatemala after 41 girls burned to death in a blaze at a state-run home for children on the outskirts of Guatemala City. After being locked in their dormitories for trying to escape abusive treatment, some of the girls allegedly started a fire to force the guards to open the doors, but the guards refused.
Many of the crimes that are being investigated inside the shelter include torture and other cruel punishments. The fact remains that these young women were underage girls in the custody of the state. Two months after what many Guatemalans have dubbed the Hogar Seguro (Safe Home) massacre, authorities seem to be acting slowly and in secrecy to bring accountability and reparations to both the survivors and the families of the victims.
This has been the point of departure for certain members of civil society in Guatemala, who launched a global campaign on May 15 using the hashtag #NosDuelen56 (“We Feel the Pain of 56 [Girls]”). Participants are sharing 56 portraits, one of each of the girls killed or injured in the fire, that were made by artists from all over the world to demand that Guatemala's authorities act.
11. Yohana Desiré Cuy Urízar, tenía 15 años cuando ocurrió masacre Hogar Seguro, Ilustración: Baku Estrada-Guatemala #NosDuelen56 pic.twitter.com/Q7Rz5ZFdWQ — PrensaComunitaria (@PrensaComunitar) May 15, 2017
Image: High in my heart your name burns. Tweet: Yohana Desiré Cuy Urízar was 15 when the Hogar Seguro massacre took place. Illustration by Baku Estrada – Guatemala #NosDuelen56
#NosDuelen56 más de 68 medios alternativos digitales, radiales y televisivos se han sumado a la acción global por las niñas #Guatemala pic.twitter.com/lnwyKBigmF — PrensaComunitaria (@PrensaComunitar) May 15, 2017
Image: #NosDuelen56: Global action for the girls Tweet: More than 68 alternative digital, radio and TV outlets have joined the global action for the girls.
A #NosDuelen56 se sumaron 58 artistas de 6 países; hicieron ilustraciones de los rostros de las niñas de Guatemala https://t.co/bmsXzVgAXX pic.twitter.com/DgNaZl6do6 — La Kaja (@KajaNegra) May 15, 2017
56 artists from 6 countries joined the [global action] #NosDuelen56. They illustrated the faces of the girls of Guatemala.
All portraits can be found and shared from Flickr, Instagram and Facebook. Several organisations are joining the call to action, lead by Guatemalan news agency Prensa Comunitaria (“Community Press”) and distributed across 50 media outlets and thousands of social media accounts at once. Anyone is free to share the pictures, print them or bring them to demonstrations demanding justice. In their space in Medium, Prensa Comunitaria explained:
#NosDuelen56 es un grito por la justicia desde el arte, el periodismo, el medioactivismo y los feminismos. Es un ejercicio de memoria colectiva y de dignificación por las 56 niñas que fueron encerradas y quemadas en un hogar estatal en Guatemala el pasado 8 de marzo del presente año. De ellas, 41 murieron como resultado de este crimen femicida y 15 están con heridas de gravedad.
#NosDuelen56 is a cry for justice through art, journalism, online activism and feminism. It's an exercise in collective memory for the dignity of the 56 girls who were locked up and burned in a state-run home in Guatemala on March 8 this year [2017]. Of these girls, 41 died as a result of this femicide and 15 are badly hurt.
Guatemala has an alarming rate of femicides and violence against women — 6,000 women have been victims of torture, mutilation or murder since 2000. According to statistics presented by advocacy group Women for Justice, Education and Awareness, an average of one to two women are murdered daily.
The DeMarcus Cousins trade will have a massive ripple effect across the league. Here's how it impacts the parties involved (whether they know it or not):
What It Means for the State of the Kings Front Office
League executives are just as baffled as you are by the Kings' decision to trade DeMarcus Cousins for not much of anything. “They gave Cousins away for a three-piece meal at Popeyes lol,” one source texted me Monday morning. Said another: “It's just a disgrace.” Kings general manager Vlade Divac will shoulder the blame for botching this trade, especially after he admitted the Kings had a better offer for Cousins two days ago.
But the fault is on Kings ownership. Vivek Ranadivé believes Buddy Hield has Stephen Curry–level potential, a source explained; they view him as the equivalent of a top-five pick with superstar upside — a franchise-altering piece. “People don't realize that teams get fixated on certain players and do deals specifically to get those players,” said a league executive. Trades require ownership approval, and in Ranadivé's eyes, Hield was by far the best available asset being offered.
That same source said the Kings also coveted Lakers rookie Brandon Ingram, but when Los Angeles said Ingram wasn't available, the team was told there was nothing it could do to improve the package. This echoes what ESPN's Ramona Shelburne reported on Monday night.
According to an Eastern Conference source, Divac also called the Celtics, but asked for far too much in return and refused to negotiate. There's also a belief that the Nuggets were willing to include anyone but Nikola Jokic and perhaps Jamal Murray in a trade for Cousins. Per a separate source, the Suns were offering a package of players and multiple first-round draft picks (including one or both of their upcoming Miami picks), but the Kings declined. “We would have traded for him at the right price,” Suns general manager Ryan McDonough admitted to Arizona Sports 98.7. “We didn't want to break up our young core to get him.”
If this doesn't make sense to you, don't worry; it doesn't make sense to anyone. It was not the most orderly or rational process by the Kings. “Vlade needed a huge haul to get Vivek to sign off [on a different deal],” said the Eastern Conference source. “They needed a home run deal to get past Vivek.”
Apparently that home run was Buddy Hield, a player Ranadivé was reportedly enamored with. Divac's desperation stemmed from Ranadivé saying no over and over again to every Cousin trade proposal. The Kings owner was “softening slightly” to the idea of dealing the franchise center over the past year, per a source, and this was Divac's chance to press the reset button. If Divac waited, there's a chance Ranadivé would reverse course once again. The Kings wouldn't have been in this mess if they had dealt Cousins for a huge return one to three years ago, but Ranadivé's unwillingness at the time to move on made that impossible. Instead, they dealt Cousins, after assuring Boogie's agent they were committed to signing the star big man long-term. Now, they're a dysfunctional organization, barren of high-value assets, with a track record of burning bridges.
What It Means to Davis and Cousins, Together
Pairing Cousins with Anthony Davis creates the most fascinating frontcourt duo of the decade; there have rarely been pairings of two legitimate top-10 big-man talents. Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph patrolled the paint for years, while Blake Griffin to DeAndre Jordan's air show jump-started the Lob City Clippers, but this is different. We haven't seen this before.
The Ringer's Danny Chau asked on Sunday: “Is it too indulgent to imagine a 5–4 pick-and-roll with Cousins handling and Davis rolling to the rim?” I hope not. Pelicans head coach Alvin Gentry would be shorting himself if he doesn't take full advantage of all the tactical possibilities this pairing presents. The Brow and Boogie can both handle the ball, shoot outside, dominate inside, and create space off the dribble like guards. While other teams are zigging by going small, the Pelicans are zagging with two of the most purely talented big players in the league.
What It Means to Buddy Hield
Ranadivé believes Hield has Steph Curry–level potential, according to a front-office executive with knowledge of the Sacramento majority owner's mindset. Comparing Hield to Curry is nonsensical, but if Vivek's perception shapes the Kings organization, then Hield will need to focus on ballhandling and creative at-rim finishing having any hopes of sniffing Curry's scoring ability. Right now, Curry is a masterclass guitarist with feel and a vibrato that causes goosebumps. Hield is still smashing plastic buttons playing Guitar Hero.
Playing for a laughingstock franchise suffering from vertigo might actually benefit Hield. He received consistent minutes with the Pelicans, but the rookie guard's role was limited. New Orleans is trying to win games, not develop its youth, and Hield spent most possessions doing what he does best: spacing the floor and taking spot-up 3s. Hield did this admirably, sinking 41.6 percent of his catch-and-shoot 3s, per SportVU.
It's unfortunately the only thing he does well. Opponents score 1.1 points per possession when defended by Hield, per Synergy, which is one of the worst marks in the league. Hield struggles to score inside the arc, shooting 31 percent on pull-up jumpers and only 47 percent in the restricted area. He's had trouble creating space for himself off the dribble and his lack of athleticism leads to a lot of instances like this at the rim:
Even when Hield gets penetration, driving by his new teammate Ben McLemore, his short arms and dull leap stops him from finishing inside. There's no other way to say it: Hield doesn't contribute toward winning on either side of the floor.
Some reason for hope: It wasn't until his junior season at Oklahoma that he popped onto the NBA draft radar as a potential second-rounder. And it wasn't until his fantastic senior season that he garnered lottery consideration. It's conceivable that it'll take time for him to develop in the NBA, too. With a young, rebuilding Kings team, Hield will see higher usage, allowing him to experience growth through failure. That's what the Kings are hoping, at least.
As a college senior, Hield flashed in-out dribbles, spin moves, and a right-to-left crossover. The progress was nice, but his moves were predictable and appeared predetermined. The best scorers in basketball don't think about the move they're going to make because it happens naturally. When I asked James Harden what he looks for when attacking a defender, he said, “I honestly can't tell you what I'm thinking. … My game is all naturalistics.”
The game doesn't look natural to Hield, and until it gets to a point where it is, he'll continue to struggle to score in pick-and-roll and isolation situations. Live reps should help Hield grow through his failures, but as the Kings continue dropping games, pressure will mount, and Hield will face a new level of criticism. From now on, he will be the guy the Kings traded DeMarcus Cousins for. That's a lot of pressure.
What It Means for Boogie's Reputation
“It was time for a change and I decided this was the best direction for the organization,” Kings general manager Vlade Divac said in a statement on Monday. “Winning begins with culture and character matters.” This is barely a subtweet. If you want a more explicit take on Boogie's Sacramento tenure, here's Kings TV announcer Grant Napear fondly saying goodbye:
By all accounts, Cousins is a swell guy off the court: He's been honored for his community service and goes out of his way to do good in the world. But there have always been rumblings around the league that the tantrums Cousins has on the court are only a glimpse of what's actually happening behind closed doors. Expect to have some of those stories trickle out. Think about how badly the Kings kept the Boogie trade talks quiet on Sunday night. You really think they're going to keep tales of his possible transgressions under wraps?
Sources around the league have indicated that Cousins has megalomaniacal tendencies: He grows jealous when teammates receive credit for team success, or he reacts negatively if a teammate makes a mistake. It's hard for players to follow along when the leader doesn't practice what he preaches. You don't have to look hard to find the stories. On Monday's episode of The Lowe Post podcast, Zach Lowe told Brian Windhorst, “DeMarcus Cousins ruined Nik Stauskas … or almost did. The stories about DeMarcus Cousins berating Nik Stauskas, threatening to fight Nik Stauskas on the plane to China when they were going there for the preseason, two years ago or whenever that was … he ruined Nik Stauskas.” The rumblings are the same from people in drastically different circles.
Perhaps the strongest evidence we have of Cousins's troublemaking comes from Kings minority owner Shaquille O'Neal, who put it this way on Inside the NBA last November: “In the previous years, he's made a lot of mistakes, he's been hot-headed, he hasn't shown great leadership qualities,” O'Neal said. “Whatever you bark at your teammates about, make sure you go out and do it. You can't be belittling people on the court. … He's just cursing guys out in the locker room.”
I'm a Cousins apologist and believe the Kings' dysfunction was harmful for his maturation. But traits like mental toughness and resiliency are tough to learn — you either have them or you don't. Cousins might be a transcendent player, but he's a G-Leaguer when it comes to intangibles.
What It Means to Sam Hinkie
I have so many questions. How soon until the city of Philadelphia builds a statue of Sam Hinkie next to Rocky? Why has the construction not started yet? Can this imagery be used for the design? Why have the Kings not fired Vlade Divac and hired Sam Hinkie? The Sixers might not be a winning team yet, but the transactions Hinkie made during his tenure as general manager keep getting better and better.
The Kings dumped Nik Stauskas in 2015 — one year after Vivek said Stauskas shoots like Stephen Curry and is big like Klay Thompson — to clear cap space to sign Rajon Rondo, Kosta Koufos, and Marco Belinelli. In order to do it, they gave Philly the right to swap firsts in 2017, and their own 2019 first.
Even if the Kings bottom out and win the lottery, the Sixers will be able to swap picks with them. Sacramento's misery only improves Hinkie's reputation! In 2019, when the Kings will likely finish their 13th consecutive season without a playoff berth, the Sixers will get that first-round pick as well. It's up to Bryan Colangelo to utilize these assets, but Hinkie was the savior.
What It Means for the Celtics, Bulls, and Jimmy Butler
The Bulls are impacted by this deal since they own the Kings' 2017 first-round pick if it falls between selections 11 and 30. If the Kings end up with a top-10 pick (either their own or a result of the pick swap with the Sixers), then the Bulls will instead get the Kings' second-round pick (protected for selections 56–60). Now that the Kings have the worst roster in basketball (aside from maybe the Nets), chances are the Bulls will only have their own first-rounder.
The spotlight is on Chicago now. Aside from Jimmy Butler, the Bulls don't have much talent. Trade talks involving Butler will “loom” over this week, according to The Vertical's Adrian Wojnarowski, and they've “engaged” with the Celtics on trade negotiations. Cousins was long connected with the Celtics and now that he's off the table, expect the Butler chatter to grow louder.
It seems to be a requirement of the modern NBA that at least one superstar player is on the trade block at any given moment. For almost three seasons, Cousins was that player. Now we will turn our attention to Butler, and perhaps to an increasingly disgruntled Paul George. Bulls and Pacers fans may not want to hear it, but it's how the league works now.
As was the case for Cousins, the biggest player in the superstar sweepstakes will be Boston. Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge is still sitting on a treasure chest of assets, and could realistically surpass any offer using one of the team's upcoming Nets picks in 2017 and 2018. It might be worth considering whether or not Ainge even wants to move his best pieces right now. The best order of operations for the franchise is to use its cap space to sign players first, and then use a combination of draft pick and player assets to make a blockbuster trade. Maybe the timing works out for Butler. Maybe it doesn't. Either way, Boston isn't leaving the rumor mill anytime soon.
There is a lesson from all this for Ainge, and other general managers. As Ranadivé has shown, each organization values players differently. Well, actually, nobody values players like Ranadivé.
What can I say, I'm glad that Dick Cheney is attacking Barack Obama. And I hope he keeps it up. You go, Dick.
Though I hear liberal commentators - and even some conservative ones - criticize the former Republican Vice President, I am not among them. All I need to jumpstart my day is heard a report that begins, "Former Vice President Dick Cheney said today that President Barack Obama..." Fill in the blank, it doesn't matter. I can't get enough.
Mind you, what he's saying is utterly reprehensible. Sometimes, I have to fight to keep my head from exploding. But I can deal with "utterly reprehensible," keeping it separate in its own dark, craven nook. And it's easy, mostly because I'm thrilled every time Dick Cheney chooses to hit the road, open his mouth and crank out his Greatest Hits.
"Former Vice President Dick Cheney said today that President Barack Obama..."
God love him.
Of course, much as I myself love it, I don't have a clue why any Republican would think Dick Cheney talking is a good thing. Yet so many encourage him. Don't they grasp that America heard these very same debates for six years, understands ALL the points, and have thrown the Republican arguments out, along with the Republicans. Don't they understand that Dick Cheney has like a 9% "approval" rating, and just-elected President Barack Obama has a 65% approval rating. To think that four months into the new, wildly-popular administration, Americans are going to say, "Y'know, I never thought of it that way. Dick Cheney is right! I like Dick Cheney and don't like Barack Obama," is the height of breathtaking lunacy.
(If I was a Republican, I think my first thought would be: "So, you hid in a bunker for seven years, kept near silent when you had elective authority and a bully pulpit...and now that you're out of office, a private citizen and hated...NOW you've decided to talk?? And THIS is what you want to talk about??! The very things that got you hated and us thrown out of office??? This??!!!" But that's just me. And I'm not a Republican.)
But as much as I don't understand any Republican supporting Dick Cheney finally talking - and having his daughter going around cravenly calling the newly-elected President of the United States "un-American" - I still love it. I love it so very much because it confirms rock-solid to the American public why they voted for Barack Obama and Democrats in the first place. It confirms to people why they now identify themselves as Democrats by 53-36%, when only seven years ago it was 41-41%. It repeats all the arguments the American public heard, and reminds them of the decisions they made. It nails down their position, puts gift-wrapping on it, and ties a ribbon on top.
How could it not? It isn't just Dick Cheney defending a war the American public rejected years ago, but he's gotten so out of control that his only recourse in defending it is to actually acknowledge and bizarrely defend using torture. Torture!
It makes your skin crawl, but I mean that in a good way. You just want to hug him for creating a Black Hole for this version of the Republican Party.
Yes, Dick Cheney is utterly reprehensible for twisting reality more than corkscrew pasta - but that's largely a given. When your starting point is lying a nation into war, the next step can only be off the precipice. Such people have to lie because they have to keep coming up with new lies and new realities to justify the old ones. Ultimately it defines them.
Lying a nation into war begets lying that America will be greeted as liberators, which begets lying that you never said America will be greeted as liberators - while the tape of you saying it runs. (Lying to protect the lie is like the famous scene in the movie, "Jumbo," when Jimmy Durante is sneaking the massive elephant out of the circus, and he's stopped by a security guard. "Where are you going with that elephant?," the guard asks. And Durante, standing in front of the enormous pachyderm, answers with angelic innocence, "What elephant?") In the end, that's why outing a CIA agent whose husband exposed your initial lie is the only natural culmination to expect from Dick Cheney.
But Dick Cheney is mostly utterly reprehensible because former Vice Presidents and former Presidents don't attack the incoming administration as soon as they leave office. It's not that it's "impolite" or "bad form." It's that it's dangerous. It sends imbalanced mixed-messages to the nation and the world. Elections are passionate affairs, but one of the glories of America - that Americans always pride themselves on - is the smooth transition of power. But an outgoing administration continuing to fight battles with the new one breaks that smooth transition. It's not disagreement, it keeps the election going and creates imbalance, risking fissure. Even George W. Bush understands that. But Dick Cheney shows he doesn't understand the first thing about America. Confirming what he has to show for the past eight years.
The more Dick Cheney talks, though, the more demonstrably foolish and therefore less-dangerous he becomes.
"Former Vice President Dick Cheney said today that President Barack Obama..."
The hacktivist collective Anonymous kicked off ‘Operation Guantanamo' to mark 100 days of the Gitmo hunger strike with a series of “twitterstorms, email bombs and fax bombs.” Protests have been held outside the White House demanding the camp's closure.
Follow RT's day-by-day timeline of the Gitmo hunger strike.
What was characterized as a large group of protesters took part in an demonstration outside of the White House on Friday, with activists donning orange jumpsuits and black hoods to bring attention to the plight of the detainees. Several arrests were reportedly made after protesters ignored police orders to disperse, though the exact number of those detained remains unknown.
Large group at White House of 100th day of Gitmo hunger strike demanding Obama #CloseGitmo#ajstreamtwitter.com/codepink/statu… — CODEPINK (@codepink) May 17, 2013
The three day campaign, which got underway on Friday, is intended to “Raise Awareness in social media of the human rights violations going on at Guantanamo, the indefinite detention of prisoners, many of whom have been cleared for release years ago.”
In a statement released earlier this month, Anonymous expressed their solidarity with the hunger strikers, vowing they would “shut down Guantanamo.”
They instructed supporters of their global action to use the tag #GTMO17 when the countdown clock struck zero. Soon after that the trend topped Twitter ratings.
As a part of the twitterstorm, the group sent out a series of lines to be re-tweeted which highlight reported abuses at the camp.
"'The United States is slowly killing men in a prison that should never have existed.' #GTMO17”
"'They're not going to be brutalized into submission, and I think the net result will be some of them will die.' #GTMO17”
“'When that tube goes up your nose, your eyes begin to water, as it passes through the back of your skull...' #GTMO17”“
'86 detainees have been cleared for release or transfer, but efforts to send them home have stalled, making them more desperate.' #GTMO17”
The Anonymous website also posted phone numbers for the White House, the United States Southern Command and the Department of Defense, urging supporters to ‘phonebomb' officials with calls about the camp.
The White House has a switchboard setup to take your calls. (202)-456-1111 - Call and demand Guantanamo be closed. #GTMO17#opGTMO — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) May 17, 2013
The group has characterized the detention facility as a concentration camp, casting aspersions on a series of alleged human right's abuses ranging from force-feeding to the practice of compulsory cavity searches for detainees prior to any meeting with their lawyers. It has further lambasted US President Barack Obama for wavering on his 2009 promise to shut down the camp, which the collective described as
Inmates at Guantanamo initiated the hunger strike in early February over alleged mistreatments, including the mishandling of their Korans. Out of the camp's 166 detainees, 102 are currently taking part in the hunger strike. Thirty of the prisoners are being force-fed, a practice which the UN human rights office condemned as “torture” and a breach of international law, and three have been sent to the detainee hospital for observation.
The swelling ranks of those demanding the prison's closure has among its ranks not only internet activists, but those who have inside knowledge of the camp and its operations.
A lawyer for a Guantanamo detainee called on the US Justice Department Friday to publish pictures of his client, who was injured in a confrontation with guards. Moath al-Alwi, a prisoner from Yemen, was hit in the leg, chest, shoulder, and left elbow in the April 13 incident, according to the Associated Press.
Ramzi Kassem, Alwi's attorney, said Justice Department officials have yet to respond to Freedom of Information Act request.
Government records have described Alwi as a member of Al Qaeda and bodyguard to Osama bin Laden. He has yet to be charged after nearly 12 years in Guantanamo.
“At such close range, it is well known that rubber-coated steel bullets can be lethal and should therefore never be employed,” Kassem said Friday.
Election 2016: Idaho President
Idaho President: Trump Holds Solid Lead
Unlike in neighboring Utah, Republican-turned-Independent candidate Evan McMullin isn't making much of an impact on the presidential race in Idaho.
A new Heat Street/Rasmussen Reports telephone and online survey of Likely Idaho Voters finds Republican nominee Donald Trump comfortably ahead with 48% support to Democrat Hillary Clinton's 29%. McMullin is a distant third with 10%, followed by Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson at six percent (6%). Two percent (2%) like some other candidate in the race, and six percent (6%) are undecided. (To see survey question wording, click here.)
Idaho has not supported a Democratic presidential candidate since 1964. Unsuccessful GOP nominee Mitt Romney carried 65% of the vote here in 2012.
Idaho Republicans prefer Trump over McMullin by an overwhelming 72% to 10% margin. Trump also has 13% Democratic support. Clinton has the backing of 77% of Democrats and six percent (6%) of GOP voters.
Among voters not affiliated with either of the major political parties, it's Trump 36%, Clinton 27%, McMullin 14% and Johnson 13%.
McMullin, a former CIA operative, Goldman Sachs investment banker and senior House Republican staffer, says he is the true conservative in the race. He is on the ballot in 11 states. But McMullin, a Mormon by faith, is expected to do best in Utah and Idaho, the states with by far the largest number of Mormon voters.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
The survey of 750 Likely Voters in Idaho was conducted on October 23-24, 2016 by HeatStreet/Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 4 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
Trump is still slightly ahead in reliably Republican Utah despite a spirited challenge from McMullin.
Regardless of whom they want to win, 48% of Idaho voters believe Clinton will win the election, while 40% say Trump will win. Twelve percent (12%) are undecided. Forty-four percent (44%) believe Trump was the overall winner of the debates, but 42% think Clinton won. Fourteen percent (14%) are not sure.
Trump leads Clinton by double-digit margins among both men and women. McMullin earns roughly 10% support from both groups.
The GOP nominee is also ahead in all age groups. His support is highest among older voters as it is nationally.
Among conservative voters, Trump earns 66% of the vote to McMullin's 15%.
Trump is viewed Very Favorably by 25% of Idaho voters and Very Unfavorably by 38%. Only 11% have a Very Favorable opinion of Clinton, while 59% view her Very Unfavorably.
For McMullin, Very Favorables are nine percent (9%), Very Unfavorables 13%. But 26% of voters in Idaho say they have never heard of him. Fourteen percent (14%) still haven't heard of Johnson who is seen Very Favorably by just four percent (4%) and Very Unfavorably by 21%.
Forty-one percent (41%) of voters in the state approve of the job President Obama is doing, with 23% who Strongly Approve. Fifty-seven percent (57%) disapprove, including 47% who Strongly Disapprove. The president has a much worse job approval rating in Idaho than he earns nationally.
Both major party candidates are creeping up in the closing weeks of the presidential campaign, according to the latest Rasmussen Reports national White House Watch.
Just 36% of voters nationwide think it's even somewhat likely that a third-party candidate could win the presidency in the next 10 years, and only 12% say it's Very Likely.
Additional information from this survey and a full demographic breakdown are available to Platinum Members only.
Please sign up for the Rasmussen Reports daily e-mail update (it's free) or follow us on Twitter or Facebook. Let us keep you up to date with the latest public opinion news.
Supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) is an abnormally fast heart rhythm arising from improper electrical activity in the upper part of the heart.[2] There are four main types: atrial fibrillation, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT), atrial flutter, and Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome.[2] Symptoms may include palpitations, feeling faint, sweating, shortness of breath, or chest pain.[1]
They start from either the atria or atrioventricular node.[2] They are generally due to one of two mechanisms: re-entry or increased automaticity.[3] The other type of fast heart rhythm is ventricular arrhythmias—rapid rhythms that start within the ventricle.[2] Diagnosis is typically by electrocardiogram (ECG), holter monitor, or event monitor.[4] Blood tests may be done to rule out specific underlying causes such as hyperthyroidism or electrolyte abnormalities.[4]
Specific treatments depend on the type of SVT.[5] They can include medications, medical procedures, or surgery.[5] Vagal maneuvers or a procedure known as catheter ablation may be effective in certain types.[5] For atrial fibrillation calcium channel blockers or beta blockers may be used.[5] Long term some people benefit from blood thinners such as aspirin or warfarin.[5] Atrial fibrillation affects about 25 per 1000 people,[7] paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia 2.3 per 1000,[6] Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome 2 per 1000,[8] and atrial flutter 0.8 per 1000.[9]
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
Signs and symptoms can arise suddenly and may resolve without treatment. Stress, exercise, and emotion can all result in a normal or physiological increase in heart rate, but can also, more rarely, precipitate SVT. Episodes can last from a few minutes to one or two days, sometimes persisting until treated. The rapid heart rate reduces the opportunity for the "pump" to fill between beats decreasing cardiac output and as a consequence blood pressure. The following symptoms are typical with a rate of 150–270 or more beats per minute:
For infants and toddlers, symptoms of heart arrhythmias such as SVT are more difficult to assess because of limited ability to communicate. Caregivers should watch for lack of interest in feeding, shallow breathing, and lethargy. These symptoms may be subtle and may be accompanied by vomiting and/or a decrease in responsiveness.[10]
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Holter monitor -Imaging with start (red arrow) and end (blue arrow) of a SV-tachycardia with a pulse frequency of about 128/min.
A 12-lead ECG showing paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia at about 180 beats per minute.
Subtypes of SVT can usually be distinguished by their electrocardiogram (ECG) characteristics
Most have a narrow QRS complex, although, occasionally, electrical conduction abnormalities may produce a wide QRS complex that may mimic ventricular tachycardia (VT). In the clinical setting, the distinction between narrow and wide complex tachycardia (supraventricular vs. ventricular) is fundamental since they are treated differently. In addition, ventricular tachycardia can quickly degenerate to ventricular fibrillation and death and merits different consideration. In the less common situation in which a wide-complex tachycardia may actually be supraventricular, a number of algorithms have been devised to assist in distinguishing between them.[11] In general, a history of structural heart disease markedly increases the likelihood that the tachycardia is ventricular in origin.
Sinus tachycardia is physiologic or "appropriate" when a reasonable stimulus, such as the catecholamine surge associated with fright, stress, or physical activity, provokes the tachycardia. It is identical to a normal sinus rhythm except for its faster rate (>100 beats per minute in adults). Sinus tachycardia is considered by most sources to be an SVT.
Sinoatrial node reentrant tachycardia (SANRT) is caused by a reentry circuit localised to the SA node, resulting in a P-wave of normal shape and size (morphology) that falls before a regular, narrow QRS complex. It cannot be distinguished electrocardiographically from sinus tachycardia unless the sudden onset is observed (or recorded on a continuous monitoring device). It may sometimes be distinguished by its prompt response to vagal maneuvers.
Ectopic (unifocal) atrial tachycardia arises from an independent focus within the atria, distinguished by a consistent P-wave of abnormal shape and/or size that falls before a narrow, regular QRS complex. It can be caused by automaticity , which means that some cardiac muscle cells, which have the primordial ( primitive, inborn, inherent ) ability to generate electrical impulses that is common to all cardiac muscle cells, have established themselves as a 'rhythm center' with a natural rate of electrical discharge that is faster than the normal SA node. Some atrial tachycardias, rather than being a result of increased automaticity may be a result of a micro-reentrant circuit (defined by some as less than 2 cm in the longest diameter to distinguish it from macro-reentrant atrial flutter). Still other atrial tachycardias may be due to triggered activity caused by after-depolarizations.
, which means that some cardiac muscle cells, which have the primordial ( ) ability to generate electrical impulses that is common to all cardiac muscle cells, have established themselves as a 'rhythm center' with a natural rate of electrical discharge that is faster than the normal SA node. Some atrial tachycardias, rather than being a result of increased automaticity may be a result of a micro-reentrant circuit (defined by some as less than 2 cm in the longest diameter to distinguish it from macro-reentrant atrial flutter). Still other atrial tachycardias may be due to triggered activity caused by after-depolarizations. Multifocal atrial tachycardia (MAT) is tachycardia arising from at least three ectopic foci within the atria, distinguished by P-waves of at least three different morphologies that all fall before irregular, narrow QRS complexes. This rhythm is most commonly seen in elderly people with COPD.
Atrial fibrillation: Red dots show atrial fibrillation activity.
Atrial fibrillation meets the definition of SVT when associated with a ventricular response greater than 100 beats per minute. It is characterized as an "irregularly irregular rhythm" both in its atrial and ventricular depolarizations and is distinguished by its fibrillatory atrial waves that, at some point in their chaos, stimulate a response from the ventricles in the form of irregular, narrow QRS complexes.
Atrial flutter, is caused by a re-entry rhythm in the atria, with a regular atrial rate often of about 300 beats per minute. On the ECG this appears as a line of "sawtooth" waves preceding the QRS complex. The AV node will not usually conduct 300 beats per minute so the P:QRS ratio is usually 2:1 or 4:1 pattern, (though rarely 3:1, and sometimes 1:1 where class IC antiarrhythmic drug are in use). Because the ratio of P to QRS is usually consistent, A-flutter is often regular in comparison to its irregular counterpart, atrial fibrillation. Atrial flutter is also not necessarily a tachycardia unless the AV node permits a ventricular response greater than 100 beats per minute.
AV nodal reentrant tachycardia (AVNRT) involves a reentry circuit forming next to, or within, the AV node. The circuit most often involves two tiny pathways one faster than the other. Because the node is immediately between the atria and ventricle, the re-entry circuit often stimulates both, appearing as a backward (retrograde) conducted P-wave buried within or occurring just after the regular, narrow QRS complexes.
the regular, narrow QRS complexes. Atrioventricular reciprocating tachycardia (AVRT), also results from a reentry circuit, although one physically much larger than AVNRT. One portion of the circuit is usually the AV node, and the other, an abnormal accessory pathway (muscular connection) from the atria to the ventricle. Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome (WPW) is a relatively common abnormality with an accessory pathway, the bundle of Kent crossing the AV valvular ring. In orthodromic AVRT, atrial impulses are conducted down through the AV node and retrogradely re-enter the atrium via the accessory pathway. A distinguishing characteristic of orthodromic AVRT can therefore be an inverted P-wave (relative to a sinus P wave) that follows each of its regular, narrow QRS complexes, due to retrograde conduction. In antidromic AVRT, atrial impulses are conducted down through the accessory pathway and re-enter the atrium retrogradely via the AV node. Because the accessory pathway initiates conduction in the ventricles outside of the bundle of His, the QRS complex in antidromic AVRT is wider than usual. A delta wave is an initial slurred deflection seen in the initial part of an otherwise narrow QRS of a patient at risk for WPW and is an indicator of the presence of an accessory pathway. These beats are a fusion between the conduction down the accesory pathway and the slightly delayed but then dominant conduction via the AV node. Once an antidromic AVRT tachycardia is initiated, it is no longer delta waves but rather a wide complex (>120 ms) tachycardia that is seen.
Finally, junctional ectopic tachycardia (JET) is a rare tachycardia caused by increased automaticity of the AV node itself initiating frequent heart beats. On the ECG, junctional tachycardia often presents with abnormal morphology P-waves that may fall anywhere in relation to a regular, narrow QRS complex. It is often due to drug toxicity.
Classification [ edit ]
Impulse arising in SA node , traversing atria to AV node , then entering ventricle. Rhythm originating at or above AV node constitutes SVT.
Atrial fibrillation: Irregular impulses reaching AV node, only some being transmitted.
The following types of supraventricular tachycardias are more precisely classified by their specific site of origin. While each belongs to the broad classification of SVT, the specific term/diagnosis is preferred when possible:
Sinoatrial origin:
Sinoatrial nodal reentrant tachycardia (SNRT)
Atrial origin:
(Without rapid ventricular response, fibrillation and flutter are usually not classified as SVT)
Atrioventricular origin (junctional tachycardia):
Pathophysiology [ edit ]
The main pumping chamber, the ventricle, is protected (to a certain extent) against excessively high rates arising from the supraventricular areas by a "gating mechanism" at the atrioventricular node, which allows only a proportion of the fast impulses to pass through to the ventricles. In Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome, a "bypass tract" avoids this node and its protection and the fast rate may be directly transmitted to the ventricles. This situation has characteristic findings on ECG.
Treatment [ edit ]
Most SVTs are unpleasant rather than life-threatening, although very fast heart rates can be problematic for those with underlying ischemic heart disease or the elderly. Episodes require treatment when they occur, but interval therapy may also be used to prevent or reduce recurrence. While some treatment modalities can be applied to all SVTs, there are specific therapies available to treat some sub-types. Effective treatment consequently requires knowledge of how and where the arrhythmia is initiated and its mode of spread.
SVTs can be classified by whether the AV node is involved in maintaining the rhythm. If so, slowing conduction through the AV node will terminate it. If not, AV nodal blocking maneuvers will not work, although transient AV block is still useful as it may unmask an underlying abnormal rhythm.
Prevention [ edit ]
Once an acute arrhythmia has been terminated, ongoing treatment may be indicated to prevent recurrence. However, those that have an isolated episode, or infrequent and minimally symptomatic episodes, usually do not warrant any treatment other than observation.
In general, patients with more frequent or disabling symptoms warrant some form of prevention. A variety of drugs including simple AV nodal blocking agents such as beta-blockers and verapamil, as well as anti-arrhythmics may be used, usually with good effect, although the risks of these therapies need to be weighed against potential benefits.
Radiofrequency ablation has revolutionized the treatment of tachycardia caused by a re-entrant pathway. This is a low-risk procedure that uses a catheter inside the heart to deliver radio frequency energy to locate and destroy the abnormal electrical pathways. Ablation has been shown to be highly effective: around 90% in the case of AVNRT. Similar high rates of success are achieved with AVRT and typical atrial flutter.
Cryoablation is a newer treatment for SVT involving the AV node directly. SVT involving the AV node is often a contraindication for using radiofrequency ablation due to the small (1%) incidence of injuring the AV node, requiring a permanent pacemaker. Cryoablation uses a catheter supercooled by nitrous oxide gas freezing the tissue to −10 °C (+14.0ºF). This provides the same result as radiofrequency ablation but does not carry the same risk. If it is found that the wrong tissue is being frozen, the freezing process can quickly be stopped and the tissue return to normal temperature and function in a short time. If after freezing the tissue to −10 °C the desired result is obtained, the tissue can be further cooled to a temperature of −73 °C (-99.4ºF) and it will be permanently ablated.
This therapy has further improved the treatment options for people with AVNRT (and other SVTs with pathways close to the AV node), widening the application of curative ablation to young patients with relatively mild but still troublesome symptoms who would not have accepted the risk of requiring a pacemaker.
Notable cases [ edit ]
After being successfully diagnosed and treated, Bobby Julich went on to place third in the 1998 Tour de France and win a Bronze Medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics. Women's Olympic volleyball player Tayyiba Haneef-Park underwent an ablation for SVT just two months before competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics.[12] Tony Blair, former PM of the UK, was also operated on for atrial flutter. Anastacia was diagnosed with the disease.[13] Women's Olympic gold medalist swimmers, Rebecca Soni and Dana Vollmer have both had heart surgery to correct SVT. In addition, Neville Fields had corrective surgery for SVT in early 2006. Wrestling manager Paul Bearer's heart attack was attributed to SVT, resulting in his death.[14] Nathan Cohen, New Zealand's two-time world champion and Olympic champion rower, was diagnosed with SVT in 2013 when he was 27 years old.[15][16][17]
We've just heard the Word read and proclaimed, sung the praises of our great God, and petitioned him for mercy in our time of need. And then we spend our time afterward talking about last night's movie, the game, the hobby, the state of the nation, or whatever. Anything but the great truths of the gospel we've just heard and by which we're saved. Why do we do this?
“Drive-thru church” doesn't help. We have six other commitments on Sunday, so we aim to get through church as efficiently as possible on the way to the next thing. Some of us have just never thought about having conversations about the sermon (apart from pestering the preacher about something). Others know it's crazy to talk about everything but God, yet they still feel uncomfortable striking up “spiritual” conversations. We've never been in a context where this is normal. Sometimes, perhaps too often, we leave the service with no sense of engaging with God by Word and Spirit, and so we have nothing to say to anyone.
For still more, the underlying problem is our consumer view of churc—an unsurprising consequence of “what's in it for me” contemporary Western culture. “Church is put on for me by the professionals and their teams,” we assume. With this mindset, engaging in spiritually encouraging conversations certainly won't be on the agenda.
Ironically, those with a serving mindset—the antithesis of consumerism—can also find it difficult to get into “God talk” at church. The busyness of serving can keep us from stopping to encourage others and can let us feel we've done enough by helping to organize things.
Why We Meet
But why should we use our conversations at church to encourage one another in the faith? Because that is the reason why we meet.
But encourage one another daily, as long as it is called Today, so that none of you may be hardened by sin's deceitfulness. (Heb. 3:13)
And let us consider how we may spur one another on toward love and good deeds. Let us not give up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but let us encourage one another—and all the more as you see the Day approaching. (Heb. 10:24-25)
The church gathers God's people to hear his Word, respond in obedience, and use our gifts and abilities to strengthen one another in the faith. All believers are involved in building Christ's church. Therefore, we shouldn't see ourselves merely as part of an organization called “St. Hubert's Church,” but as servants of God's people, eager to meet the needs of others even if it means stepping out of our comfort zone.
Not the Only Ones
I love our heritage of expository preaching delivered by godly, studious, articulate pastors. But somehow we've inadvertently communicated that they're the only ones (plus a few others on the stage, perhaps) who do the work of encouraging and building. If that's your assumption, read the New Testament (e.g., 1 Cor. 12-14; 1 Pet. 2) again with an eye toward how the whole body builds itself up, with each part doing its work by speaking gospel truth in love (Eph. 4:15-16).
Perhaps some of you are thinking, I may not talk much about God and what we've learned in the sermon, but I do show love in lots of other ways, through caring for people in need and asking how to pray. But encouraging someone isn't only putting our arms around them and urging them to press on. What gives courage is the truth of the gospel. We see a clear example of this in 1 Thessalonians 4:18: 'Therefore encourage each other with these words.” In context, “these words” that encourage are the words of the gospel (1 Thessalonians 4:13-17).
Here's my question for you: Do you come to church expecting God to use you to minister to others, to encourage them in faith, hope, and love through the Word? Are you asking him to provide such opportunities?
What to Ask
So how do we start these encouraging conversations after church? Asking “What did you get out of the sermon?” might work, but often you'll get a blank look or worse. Here are a few suggestions:
Pray during the service that God would lead your conversations, and pray for specific people around you.
Listen to what God is saying to you through the sermon (or songs, creeds, and so on) and formulate a comment or question to start a conversation. This past week at our church, the sermon was on what it means to praise the Lord, from Psalms 146-150. Since I was thinking about this article (and, I hope, for more godly reasons), I picked out two things to try as conversation-starters after church.
With another couple we somehow got into a conversation about their blended family, and I reminded them of God's favor towards the alien, orphans, and widows (Ps. 146). Since the husband is not yet a believer, I was deliberately talking about God's character. I have no idea what effect it had on him.
Even if the conversations don't always get off the ground, your enthusiasm for learning the Bible and knowing God will be contagious. And non-Christians will see that church isn't dull and boring but fascinating and life-shattering.
These intentional conversations after church will sometimes lead to prayer for one another. Why not stop for a moment and give thanks or petition God for some need?
Another way to deepen our fellowship is to ask each other how we came to salvation in Christ. Sometimes we've been in church with people for years without ever learning their story. The other day at church I asked a guy named Phil how he became a Christian, and we discovered God had worked in us in very similar ways as young men. The door is now open to building a friendship with this brother. What a joy!
Family, Not an Audience
The benefits of working at these encouraging conversations go way beyond the few minutes after church. Our gatherings are enriched, and our partnership with one another in the gospel is enhanced. We know each other as God's family, not as anonymous audience members at a performance.
Moreover, I'm convinced we don't “gossip the gospel” with our unbelieving neighbors and friends at least in part because we've never learned to talk about God and our Christian life, even with other Christians. How will we engage unbelievers about God's grace in Christ if we don't talk with our brothers and sisters about these great truths—especially after listening to a sermon together?
If your church gathering doesn't include coffee and refreshments after the service, let me encourage you to consider doing so. You'll set the pattern of staying afterward to minister to others, and, after a while, it will be quite normal.
Too costly? Going deeper in Christian friendship and stirring up one another to love and good deeds? I don't see much cost there.
On October 2nd, protesters from Edinburgh Private Tenants' Action Group shut down a letting agency which is still demanding illegal fees from its tenants, despite the Scottish Government confirming that charging such fees is a crime.
A dozen EPTAG ‘sheriffs' arrived at the offices of the Edinburgh Spaces letting agency investigate reports of a crime: Edinburgh Spaces have been forcing tenants to pay a £500 “check-out fee”, and between £60 and £120 of illegal fees per tenant upon starting a tenancy.
EPTAG spokesperson Jon Black said: “Rip-off letting agents like Edinburgh Spaces have been getting away with breaking the law for too long. Tenancy fees have been illegal for decades and yet tenants are still being forced to pay. We are pleased that our protest has disrupted this company's illegal practices by forcing them to close for the day”.
Under Rents (Scotland) Act 1984, it is an offence for a landlord or letting agent charge tenants any fees in addition to their rent and deposit. Agents have often flouted the law, claiming that it does not apply to the specific types of fees they charge.
The Scottish Government has recently confirmed that all fees charged to tenants are illegal, but in a recent survey carried out by EPTAG, only 21% of letting agents reported that they have stopped charging fees. Some tenants are still being forced to pay over £100 per person in to obtain a lease for a property.
Edinburgh Central MSP Marco Biagi said: “EPTAG are rightly bringing to attention those letting agents who continue to charge the fees that they and Shelter have campaigned against, and which the Scottish Government has clearly stated are unlawful. There is no ambiguity – charging anything other than rent and a deposit for a tenancy is illegal, and has been since 1984. Anyone charging such premiums could potentially even face prosecution. With 45% of my constituents living in private rented housing this issue is a real priority for central Edinburgh. Tenants must be able to expect letting agents and landlords to play by the rules.”
Another pro-life group has issued an endorsement for Donald Trump for President — this time it's Missouri Right to Life. The pro-life organization's endorsement follows closely on t he heels of Trump's naming pro-life Indiana Governor Mike Pence his vice=presidential running mate.
In an email to LifeNews.com, Missouri Right to Life said pro-life voters have a contrast in decisions — either Donald Trump or abortion activist Hillary Clinton.
“No other major party candidate declaring a pro-life position remains in the race for president. Trump has publicly and repeatedly stated his intention to pursue the same public policy goals as most pro-life Americans have espoused,” MRL said. “Hillary Clinton, the soon-to-be presidential nominee for the Democrat Party, is an extreme pro-abortion opponent.”
“Donald Trump has decisively declared his pledge to only nominate U.S. Supreme Court judges that uphold the right-to-life. Trump has voiced his strong support for the federal defunding of Planned Parenthood. Trump supports the passage of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act,” the pro-life group added. “Governor Mike Pence has a strong pro-life record on abortion during his time in Congress. Through his pro-life actions as Indiana governor, Mike Pence has proven himself to be a strong leader for the right to life.”
“We believe Hillary Clinton, as president, would yield the most disastrous era of danger to life in American history — and perhaps for generations to come. A Hillary Clinton presidency would accelerate the anti-life path of Barack Obama,” the organization said. “We must elect a pro-life president in November. Endorsing the Donald Trump/Mike Pence ticket is the first step in that process. MRL Federal PAC urges pro-life Missourians to join us in electing Donald Trump and Mike Pence.”
SIGN THE PLEDGE: I Pledge to Vote for a Pro-Life Candidate for President
Pence has a long, extensive pro-life record both as governor and a former member of Congress.
Last week, Trump condemned the Supreme Court's pro-abortion decision striking down part of a Texas law that has saved thousands of babies from abortions.
Recently, Trump released a well-received list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees — a list pro-life groups hailed for having strong supporters of the Constitution. He also told a group of more than 1,000 pro-life leaders and activists that he would appoint pro-life judges.
“We are going to appoint great Supreme Court justices… These will be justices of great intellect… And they will be pro-life,” he said.
If Trump is the nominee, he would present a stark contrast on abortion to pro-abortion Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Trump has specifically promised he would sign a bill as president to de-fund Planned Parenthood. In an interview with David Brody of CBN, Trump made that promise:
David Brody: “As a President Trump, if a bill came to your desk that would defund Planned Parenthood you would support that, you would sign that?” Donald Trump: “Yes, because as long as they do the abortion I am not for funding Planned Parenthood… As long as they're involved with abortion, as far as I'm concerned forget it, I wouldn't fund them regardless. I would defund Planned Parenthood because of their view and the fact of their work on abortion…. I am for defunding Planned Parenthood as long as they are involved with abortion.”
Meanwhile, Trump said he thinks the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court case that ushered in an era of 48 million abortions was “wrongly decided.” Trump said he would appoint “very good judges” who would ultimately “change it” but he opposed Roe without specifically saying it should be overturned.
Republican presidential candidate, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., speaks to supporters at a campaign rally, Tuesday, March 1, in Miami. | AP Photo Rubio's path to an outright win has vanished His campaign is forced to turn to a delegate denial strategy against Trump.
Marco Rubio's path to the Republican nomination short of a contested convention has narrowed to nearly nothing as his campaign and allies reboot their strategy to prepare for months of guerrilla warfare to deny Donald Trump a clean, pre-convention victory.
The math for Rubio is daunting. After getting thoroughly routed on Super Tuesday, Rubio is in so deep a delegate hole that he would now need to win roughly two-thirds of all the remaining delegates to guarantee his nomination ahead of Cleveland, according to a POLITICO analysis.
Story Continued Below
That is an enormously difficult, if not impossible, climb for a candidate who has so far won only a single state, Minnesota, and especially one who is not predicting victory in any of the next dozen states and territories that cast ballots, until his home state of Florida votes on March 15.
“It's fair to say that Rubio's path to 1,237 is shot,” Dave Wasserman, an analyst with the Cook Political Report who closely tracks the delegate race, said of the threshold to secure the nomination.
“There's virtually no chance for Marco Rubio to get to a majority prior to the convention,” said John Yob, who served as a top delegate strategist for Rick Santorum in 2012 and John McCain in 2008.
Even inside the Rubio orbit, there has been an acknowledgement that as long as Ted Cruz (and John Kasich) stay in the race, they have virtually zero mathematical chance of securing the nomination. Asked directly by Fox's Megyn Kelly on Wednesday night if it was now “mathematically impossible” for him to be the nominee, Rubio dodged.
“I think you can make that argument for virtually everyone in this race at this point,” Rubio said, save Trump.
So far Rubio has secured somewhere between 110 and 115 delegates — a mere 15 percent of those available. Trump has 335, and Cruz is carrying 234 after his Super Tuesday wins. (Kasich, with only two dozen or so delegates, has virtually no pathway, either.)
At a briefing for donors and bundlers held Tuesday at the campaign's Washington, D.C., headquarters, campaign manager Terry Sullivan focused heavily on Rubio's delegate-gathering convention scenarios, to the dismay of some supporters.
“That's like drawing a 3-card and hoping people are going to bust along the way,” said one Rubio fundraiser, who attended and was disappointed with the presentation. “It usually doesn't play out that way.”
Team Rubio's strategy shift to deny Trump delegates will play out both in his campaign schedule and on the airwaves in the coming days and weeks.
Starting this weekend, Rubio plans to burrow almost continuously in Florida, campaigning there “virtually every day” until March 15, according to a senior adviser, to ensure he secures its 99 delegates. The campaign is writing off Ohio and its 66 winner-take-all delegates entirely, in hopes that Gov. Kasich, who the Rubio campaign had previously tried to nudge out of the race, can prevent Trump from carrying his home state.
“As long as Kasich is in the race, Cruz and Marco are not going to win Ohio,” the senior Rubio adviser said.
Meanwhile, Rubio's super PAC, flush with as much as $20 million in fresh cash, has yet to buy any ads in Ohio and is not expected to do so in the future. Instead, it is currently invested in Florida and four of the earlier voting states that divide delegates proportionally.
The race has become, in the words of the Rubio adviser, “a little bit of three-dimensional chess,” as they cede some states to erstwhile rivals in the name of stopping Trump while trying to simultaneously rack up delegates. Any hopes to knock Cruz out of the race have disappeared in the near term, as Cruz has roughly twice as many delegates as Rubio.
Yob, who served as Rand Paul's political director this cycle and who opposes Rubio, criticized the Florida senator for his private focus on forcing a convention while still claiming publicly he's still trying to win outright.
Marco Rubio can't name states he's 'banking on' winning Marco Rubio can't name states he's 'banking on' winning during an interview on CNN. poster="https://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201603/167/1155968404_4786342677001_4786335364001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true
“He's essentially a con artist who is convincing voters and donors to support him so he can win some delegates proportionally so that he can win a multi-ballot brokered convention,” Yob said, using Rubio's anti-Trump line against him.
For Rubio, the tactical shift puts him in line with the outside groups that have sprouted up to stop Trump. On Thursday, 2012 nominee Mitt Romney delivered an impassioned and unusual speech in which he called Trump a “fraud” and “phony” and urged a united anyone-but-Trump effort.
“Our whole strategy has always been to deny him 50 percent,” said Katie Packer, who served as Romney's deputy campaign manager and is the founder of Our Priorities PAC, which is spending millions on anti-Trump ads. “I'm expecting and prepared to take this fight all the way to Cleveland.”
“I think it would be smart strategy for those guys to let these candidates win their homes states,” Packer said. “Clearly, Kasich has the best shot at winning Ohio, and Marco has the best shot at Florida.”
Romney called for strategic voting, as well. "Given the current delegate selection process, this means that I would vote for Marco Rubio in Florida, John Kasich in Ohio, and for Ted Cruz or whichever one of the other two contenders has the best chance of beating Mr. Trump in a given state,” Romney said in Utah.
Time may be running short. Trump is running as much as 20 points above Rubio in Florida, according to some public polls.
Also, it is not clear that Cruz, who faces his own daunting mathematical challenge to getting a majority of delegates, is ready to play along in solely trying to prevent Trump from winning.
"It may be doable for us,” a senior Cruz adviser said of securing the nomination. “It's not doable for him," the adviser said of Rubio.
Indeed, Cruz is tentatively planning his own multi-day trip to Florida next week, according to a second Cruz source, potentially hoping to knock Rubio out of the race entirely. How much time and money Cruz devotes to Florida would be contingent on whether Rubio falters badly in the states such as Kansas, Louisiana and Kentucky that vote over the weekend, and then again on March 8, when Mississippi, Michigan, Idaho and Hawaii cast ballots.
“A weakened Marco Rubio gives us an opportunity,” this Cruz adviser said.
“Is it better for Cruz to let Trump win Florida or Marco win Florida?” wondered the Rubio adviser aloud. “I suppose you could say, either.”
Rubio's delegate predicament came about largely from a devastating Super Tuesday. While Rubio's narrow loss in Virginia was heavily covered, it was not nearly his most damaging result of the night.
That came in Texas, where he failed to meet the 20 percent threshold to garner delegates statewide. As a result, Rubio may collect as few as three delegates from Texas's treasure of 155 delegates. Rubio narrowly missed similar cutoffs for delegates in Alabama and Vermont, ceding potential delegates to his rivals.
Henry Barbour, a Republican National Committee member from Mississippi and a Rubio supporter who is helping to organize delegate strategy, said, “Marco Rubio is running for president. He's not running to keep somebody from being president.” But even as he did so, he also spoke of Rubio's edge in what would be a wild and unpredictable open convention.
“The candidate who is other people's second choice has an advantage, and polling says that is Marco Rubio,” Barbour said, ticking off from memory the percentage of delegates who become unbound on the second and third ballots of a contested convention.
Rubio spokesman Alex Conant declined to discuss the campaign's strategy but noted that Trump was just coming under “sustained attack” for the first time in the campaign now, as the contest spreads nationwide and states become winner-take-all.
“We're seeing that negative messaging works on Trump. It worked in Iowa and it worked in Virginia, although it was too late. We nevertheless closed the gap there very quickly,” Conant said, noting the upcoming states are more favorable to Rubio than the ones that dominated Super Tuesday.
“The states that have yet to vote look a lot more like Minnesota and Virginia than Texas and Alabama,” he said.
It's been quiet about K3b 2.0. It's not that it's no longer developed or anything.
There are two blocker bugs:
One related to DVD-DL burning (https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=234033) and one to Blu-ray burning (https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=236069).
The main problem is that Michał, the main developer, does not (yet) have a Blu-ray recorder to work on the fix himself. He sent out letters to drive manufacturers to see whether they can sponsor one. No reply as of yet.
And the DVD-DL bug cannot be verified by either Michał or Sebastian.
So if you can help with either bug (eg. sponsoring a recorder, contributing code, testing), leave comment in the appropriate bug report or send Michał an e-mail (his address is also in the bug reports).
And now the note to distributors:
All KDE Platform 4-based releases were preview releases (Alpha, Beta, RC) of 2.0. This means unless a new pre-release added a dependency that you can't meet (IIRC it only affects the switch from sudo to KAuth that was done relatively late and AFAIK also requires SC 4.4), you really should package newer K3b releases as official updates – especially as there is a full feature and string freeze in place since the first RC (when you shipped pre-releases of Firefox 3.0 and Thunderbird 3.0 you had no problems doing the same).
The K3b team is very very small. And while I try to get some of the work load off Michał's back (like blogging about status updates), incoming reports for bugs that are already fixed, but you don't package newer versions, increase the load in an unnecessary way.
Thanks for reading and since I like promoting bands who are not known around the world, here's one song from an awesome Romanian music group (and the vid's funny, too): Șuie Paparude – Armada verbală
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Advertisements
Jennifer Melsop and Erika Turner, both 26, became the first same-sex couple to be married in Arlington County on Monday after a Supreme Court decision on gay marriage. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
Jennifer Melsop and Erika Turner, both 26, became the first same-sex couple to be married in Arlington County on Monday after a Supreme Court decision on gay marriage. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
The Supreme Court's surprising move to pass on deciding whether state prohibitions on same-sex marriage violate the U.S. Constitution may reflect two things about the justices: a natural inclination for incremental steps and a worry on the part of conservatives that the battle — for now — appears lost.
Many observers of the court were stunned that the justices passed up reviewing lower-court decisions that overturned prohibitions on same-sex marriage in five states, delaying a decision that would answer the question for the nation.
Gay rights proponents took it as a sign that the court likes to move slowly when endorsing momentous societal change, that it feels no need to decide an issue before it must — and that the court's move provides a clear signal for future challenges of voter-approved prohibitions on same-sex marriage.
“An action like this is profound,” said Mary Bonauto, a lawyer with Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders (GLAD). “I expect that lower courts will get the message.”
Marriages could soon be available in six more states, for a total of 30. The Williams Institute at the University of California at Los Angeles estimates that when the rollout is complete, 65 percent of gay couples and a majority of all Americans will live in a place where same-sex unions are legal.
To some, it seems impossible that that fact would have escaped the attention of the justices.
“There is something called the ‘normative power of the actual,'” said Walter Dellinger, a solicitor general in the Clinton White House. “People get used to an idea over time, and they come to think it's right.” That is what will happen as more Americans see same-sex marriage as positive or, perhaps, simply inconsequential, Dellinger said.
“And when the time comes, the Supreme Court will declare a right to same-sex marriage,” he said.
The news that the Supreme Court would not review constitutional decisions from federal appeals courts in Denver, Richmond and Chicago came in a most inauspicious way. It was buried in an 81-page list of cases the justices had rejected, with no explanation or recorded dissent.
“There is no way to know why the court did what it did,” said Jim Campbell, a senior attorney for the Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative legal organization defending the state bans. “The issue is still whether people in America can continue to define marriage as between a man and a woman.”
Suzanna Sherry, a constitutional law expert at Vanderbilt University, warned against interpreting something that is not there. The idea that the court had to accept the cases at this time “represents a mistaken view of the Supreme Court and its interpretation of its role.”
She said, “It is not for them to reach out to decide cases when lower courts have been unanimous so far.”
Yolanda Pascua, left, and Laekin Rogers get married at the Salt Lake County clerk's office in Salt Lake City on Oct. 6. Same-sex couples in Utah are celebrating after the U.S. Supreme Court cleared the way for gay marriages to begin in this state. (Rick Bowmer/AP)
But in practice, the court has taken cases before without a split in the appeals courts, on issues far less important than the fundamental right to marry.
And it is hard to think that the action carried no strategic importance. By putting holds on marriages in Virginia and Utah — lower courts had stayed the action in other states — the court had hinted that it did not want more same-sex unions to occur until it had a chance to weigh in.
There was enormous pressure on the court to take the case. The winners and losers in all five states had urged the court to get involved — a flock of high-profile lawyers had written the briefs asking for review. More than 30 states and a like number of the country's biggest companies had asked the court to settle the issue for the nation.
“I'm astonished,” said Richard Fallon, a Harvard law professor who is a student of the court. Neither side of the court's ideological split has enough motive to insist that the issue be taken up now, he believes.
“There are some justices who aren't in any hurry to take this, and four who are worried they are going to lose,” Fallon said.
The four are the court's consistent conservatives, who were in the minority in June 2013 when the justices struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act, which withheld federal recognition of same-sex marriages performed in states where it was legal.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote the opinion in U.S. v. Windsor for the court's liberals, and an angry dissent from Justice Antonin Scalia warned that Kennedy was arming challengers of state prohibitions.
His prediction proved right, as a string of decisions in federal courts disallowed same-sex marriage bans.
Those four votes would have been enough to take any of the cases rejected Monday. But it takes five votes to win.
It is hard not to think about Monday's action without remembering two others among the court's most controversial decisions.
One was the court's decision in Loving v. Virginia, in which it struck down state bans on interracial marriage in 1967. Demonstrating the same preference for incremental change it is showing in the same-sex marriage debate, the justices waited until such bans were pretty much a relic, confined to 16 states mostly in one region of the country. The court passed up several opportunities to step in.
With same-sex marriage, a similar situation may soon exist, with one important caveat: While public polls at the time of Loving showed that the public was still opposed to interracial marriage, public support for same-sex marriage has dramatically increased, especially among the young.
The other decision is Roe v. Wade. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg for years has said that the sweeping decision in the case hardened opposition to abortion by making it a national issue. She acknowledges that several studies have seriously questioned her premise, but she continues to hold that it was “too far, too fast.”
Last month, Ginsburg surprised an audience by saying there was “no urgency” in addressing the marriage petitions at the court. The justices could confront the question if an appeals court upheld one of the bans and set up an obvious split.
Some wondered whether Ginsburg had misspoken. It turns out she was serious.
Instant Gratification
Nikita Taparia Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 2, 2015
This is why we[professors, aspiring and current] are attracted to teaching — it is instant gratification. You don't really get this with research because it is much slower, delayed gratification process.
On multiple occasions, I have been told some variation of the statement above and I was immediately bothered by one term. Instant gratification. What do you think of when you hear that term?
Will Cookie Monster choose instant gratification aka one cookie or delayed gratification aka a plate of cookies?
I asked my friends what they thought of when they hear the word on its own. Their first thoughts were listing related terms: impatient, materialistic, temptations, and lack of self control. One person defined it as, “a person who wants something right now, which will cause [depending on the intensity of the desire] one of two things — a lack of attention to detail and a premature rush to do something, thereby creating undesirable side effects or aftermath.” Another friend pointed out a less extreme example — smart phones. Instead of going to the library, reading a book or periodical, you can just use your phone to search for whatever you are curious about in that particular moment. Instant gratification.
When you Google instant gratification you get a very negative connotation. One prime example that pops up in my search is The Marshmallow Test. An experiment administered to children [or cookie monster in the above video], in which a child sits alone in the room and is given to options:
Eat the one marshmallow right now in front of you. Wait 15 minutes and eat two marshmallows.
From the article I linked, the major question they ask:
Will [the child] be able to resist temptation and hold out for the greater reward?
Thus, it implies the greater good is to resist instant gratification and have the self control to wait for better outcome. The better person chooses to ignore temptations. To choose delayed gratification is the more noble pursuit.This is all out of context but I hope you understand why I was irked by the original statement:
This is why we [professors, aspiring and current] are attracted to teaching — it is instant gratification. You don't really get this with research because it is much slower, delayed gratification process.
Now, as a graduate student, the most important aspect of your life is research. Thus, as someone with a fellowship from the Dept. of Education, who has expressed interests in teaching and possibly non-profit pursuits, this can be a problem. However, as someone who will teach a course from scratch this spring, this statement disappointed me. It disappointed me more because I was not even surprised — this opinion is common among the academic community.
When I gave instant gratification more context, I got very similar responses from my friends. One stated:
I have an issue with a professor who considers teaching an instant gratification. If teaching is an instant gratification, then to the professors it just means ‘give lectures on a topic, assign some homework, done' instead of it being ‘set up the teaching method such that it inspires students to pursue this area of study.' The latter will certainly not give instant gratification, it has to be delayed.
Another gave a shorter response:
I would not want to take a class with a professor who expresses this opinion.
Another friend responded:
That is such a strange mentality — how can walking someone through the process of learning ever be INSTANT gratification? Learning is inherently long term, it takes prolonged effort from both the teacher and student. It's ridiculous to imply teaching is the “easy way out” for those who don't have the patience and foresight to wait.
The last statement was very similar to my own thoughts along with many questions fueled by confusion and disappointment. Do most professors teach students for a quarter or a semester just to feel good about themselves immediately? Do students become an afterthought after the course is over — do their opinions even matter? Is it really instant gratification if your students just remember your formulas in order to pass the final exam and forget everything you say immediately afterwards? I guess if everyone passes and you get favorable reviews, it instantly means you were a successful teacher, right? If you choose to ignore what happens after the class, then what your students remember does not matter, right? Then again, why should the students care about what you teach, if all they are is an instant gratification.
A judge will consider whether a Toronto woman facing terror-related charges needs a mental health assessment to determine if she's fit to stand trial. Rehab Dughmosh was handcuffed and held at the wrists by a pair of guards wearing helmets, facemasks and padding in her court appearance via video Monday. Her face and head were uncovered, though she has worn a niqab at previous court appearances.
Rehab Dughmosh, accused of swinging a golf club at emloyees of a Canadian Tire store, was handcuffed and held at the wrists by a pair of guards wearing helmets, facemasks and padding in a court appearance Monday. ( Marianne Boucher / Courtesy CityNews )
The judge asked Dughmosh several questions through an interpreter, about her understanding of the court process. “You are all infidels. I do not worship what you worship,” Dughmosh responded each time, in Arabic, without looking directly into the camera. Later, while a Crown prosecutor attempted to speak, Dughmosh said in English, “Those people hurt me here,” appearing to nod toward the guards.
Article Continued Below
Dughmosh was arrested in June for allegedly brandishing a golf club and knife at a Canadian Tire in Scarborough. She has pledged allegiance to Daesh in court, declared that she does not believe in the Canadian legal system and said that “if you release me, I will commit these actions again and again and again.” She has told the court she does not want legal counsel, and plans to plead guilty to her charges, which include one count of leaving Canada for the purpose of participating in a terrorist group and multiple counts each of attempted murder, assault with a weapon, carrying a dangerous weapon and carrying a concealed weapon, all “at the direction of, or in association with, a terrorist group.” Dughmosh refused to appear in person or by video at her last three scheduled court dates, and had to be brought before a video camera by force Monday. Dughmosh was judged mentally fit for trial at her early court appearances. She was responsive and demonstrated an understanding of the role of the court and its officials, federal prosecutor Bradley Reitz told the court. But statements by a family member, contained in the Crown's evidence, suggest there is reason to believe Dughmosh has some form of mental illness, said Ingrid Grant, a lawyer appointed to the case as amicus — someone who assists the court by making sure all relevant evidence and arguments are properly presented, particularly when the accused represents themselves.
Based on her actions Monday, Dughmosh should be assessed by a doctor to determine whether she is still fit, Grant told the court. The judge agreed there was enough evidence to consider an assessment, and will decide next Monday whether to order that an assessment take place.
Article Continued Below
Dughmosh's case is one of many raising concerns among lawyers about the way the courts handle an accused person's mental health. “It's so frustrating, because ever since funding cuts to hospitals, the criminal courts have become the (authority) that primarily deal with mental health,” former assistant Crown attorney Daniel Lerner said. “And you can tell the options that criminal courts have been not pretty and they're mainly not that effective.” Being declared “fit” for trial requires only that the accused person has a basic understanding of the court process, what they are charged with, what it means to be under oath, who the judge, prosecutors and defence lawyers are and what they do. “It's a very low standard to meet,” Lerner said. “It's very basic. You might have serious mental illnesses, you might have irrational delusions, but you might still be able to answer all those (fitness requirement) questions properly, in which case you're fit.” If, at any time, a judge has evidence that a person is unfit for trial, they can order that the accused undergo a formal fitness assessment by a doctor. The fact that Dughmosh refused for so long to come to court, and does not have a lawyer to appear in her place made it difficult for the court to determine whether enough evidence for an assessment existed, said lawyer Jessyca Greenwood, who specializes in mental health-related cases but is unconnected with the Dughmosh case. “I've been able to get a doctor to see my client at the jail before, when they were refusing to come to court in that case,” Greenwood said. “But I, as the defence lawyer, was in court and explained to the judge what was going on, and then based on the (client's) repeated refusal to come to court and the information I gave, the judge made that order,” she added. If an accused person consents to a fitness assessment, the process can last up to 30 days, according to public information provided by Legal Aid Ontario. If they do not want to be assessed, the process is capped at five days, although in either case a judge can extend the assessment by an additional 30 days, as they deem necessary. If the doctor performing the assessment determines that the accused is not fit for trial, they can be sent for treatment, until they are well enough to be qualified as “fit.” That treatment could result in the accused being kept in a high-security hospital for years, Lerner said.
Read more about:
The NSA surveillance whistleblower Edward Snowden has said US officials are waging a campaign to prevent him from taking up asylum offers as he called a meeting in Moscow airport with human rights groups.
In a letter sent to groups including Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International, the former intelligence agency contractor claimed there was "an unlawful campaign by officials in the US government to deny my right to seek and enjoy … asylum under article 14 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights" and invited them to meet him at 5pm local time.
"The scale of threatening behaviour is without precedent: never before in history have states conspired to force to the ground a sovereign president's plane to effect a search for a political refugee," he wrote to the groups.
"This dangerous escalation represents a threat not just to the dignity of Latin America or my own personal security, but to the basic right shared by every living person to live free from persecution."
Reuters quoted an airport official as saying Snowden would meet the groups on Friday afternoon in the transit area of Sheremetyevo, where he has remained since flying to Russia from Hong Kong on 23 June.
The 30-year-old former NSA employee is trying to negotiate asylum elsewhere to avoid facing charges in the US, including espionage, for divulging details about US electronic surveillance programmes.
"I can confirm that such a meeting will take place," an airport spokeswoman said.
Reuters said Amnesty and Transparency International had been invited to meet Snowden, with the former confirming it would attend.
Sergei Nikitin, the head of Amnesty International Russia, said: "Yes, I have received a brief email. It said that he would like to meet with a representative of a human rights organisation – there was not much information there. I'm planning to go."
Tanya Lokshina of Human Rights Watch confirmed she had been invited to the meeting and posted Snowden's letter on Facebook.
In the emailed letter – which Lokshina said she could not independently verify as coming from Snowden – the former intelligence worker said he had been "extremely fortunate to enjoy and accept many offers of support and asylum from brave countries around the world". He added: "These nations have my gratitude, and I hope to travel to each of them to extend my personal thanks to their people and leaders. By refusing to compromise their principles in the face of intimidation, they have earned the respect of the world.
"Unfortunately, in recent weeks we have witnessed an unlawful campaign by officials in the US government to deny my right to seek and enjoy this asylum."
The email ends with an invitation for rights groups to meet him at the airport at 5pm (2pm BST).
Snowden is still believed to be weighing up his options. Late on Thursday, Venezuela's foreign minister said the country had yet to receive a formal response to its offer of asylum.
"We communicated last week. We made an offer and so far we haven't received a reply," Elias Jaua told Reuters during a regional foreign ministers' meeting in Uruguay.
Venezuela is one of three countries to offer asylum to Snowden, along with Bolivia and Nicaragua.
In a separate email to Reuters, Snowden confirmed that the meeting with human rights groups would go ahead but said it would be closed to the press. He said he planned to speak to the media later.
The letter told the groups to bring identification and meet at 4.30pm at Sheremetyevo airport in Terminal F, "in the centre of the arrival hall [where] someone from airport staff will be waiting there to receive you with a sign labelled G9".
If you can't remember what made this entry in the series special, it can be summed up in one word: multiplayer. Resident Evil 5 suffered mixed reviews for theming, pacing and an failure to balance action and horror, but it was the first entry in the series to introduce local co-op play. It's not a perfect game, but it builds on the combat system that made Resident Evil 4 such a hit. If you've got a friend and want some action, it's worth a look. Plus, the PS4 and Xbox One release comes with all of the original game's add-on content. Interested? The digital release will set you back $20 on June 28th. Looking for a physical disc to collect? You'll have to wait until June 12th -- but at least it won't cost you anything extra. Check out Capcom's official release at the source link below for more details.
We were kind of confused when photos of Tilda Swinton (in crazy old age makeup!) emerged from the Suspiria set this month, because we were pretty sure filming had already wrapped earlier this year. As it turns out, director Luca Guadagnino shot in Italy at the tail end of last year and just finished the film this month in Berlin; he took a break in January due to another obligation.
In other words, Amazon Studios' Suspiria remake is now completely shot, and Guadagnino is in post on the film. Speaking with Indiewire, who note that the movie could be hitting theaters as early as this year, the Italian filmmaker dug a bit into his vision for Dario Argento's horror classic, revealing that the lush color palette from Argento's film will not be present in his movie.
Said Guadagnino:
It's a film about guilt and motherhood. It has no primary colors in its color palette, unlike the original. It will be cold, evil and really dark.
Chloe Grace-Moretz, Dakota Johnson, Tilda Swinton and Mia Goth star.
In Suspiria:
A young American ballet dancer travels to a prestigious dance academy in Europe, only to discover it is something far more sinister and supernatural. She becomes increasingly terrified after a series of gruesome murders ensue and she slowly unravels the dark history of the academy.
David Kajganich penned the script.
Last updated at 00:59 20 October 2007
Could this be the prettiest ballgirl in tennis history? Hugo Boss would certainly like us to think so.
Showing off her ever-ready ball skills, this catwalk beauty was just one of a team of trained adult models appearing at the Madrid Masters in Spain.
Scroll down for more...
The ATP tournament hosted some of the greats of the tennis circuit - Rafael Nadal, Carlos Moya, and Manolo Santana.
But unlike other tennis championships around the world, in Madrid the tennis stars come second.
Scroll down for more...
Here it is the model ballgirls - all clad in pink and blue outfits emblazoned with Hugo Boss - who draw the crowds.
Despite drawing the ire of Spanish government officials, equality groups and even American hero Andre Agassi, the marketing stunt looks set to stay.
Not that this year's testosterone-fuelled male tennis stars seemed to mind.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is 'the best thing we can have at the moment', Riga mayor Nils Usakovs has claimed during a working visit to Moscow.
Usakovs is in Moscow to help reinstate Latvian products on supermarket shelves after Russia imposed sanctions on Western products last month.
"Our moods differ. Latvian residents are extremely polar in regard to what is going on in Ukraine," Usakovs told Russian TV Dozhd.
However, according to the mayor Putin has helped bring stability to neighboring states with Russia.
"President Vladimir Putin is the best thing we can have at the moment. Otherwise, [Alexei] Navalny would have come to power," Usakovs explained.
"If Russia had any other president instead of Putin, they would not bring stability to the neighboring states."
Usakovs is visiting Moscow until September 6 to meet with Russian and Moscow officials, as well as representatives of chain stores in Moscow.
From here on out, pretty much every state presidential primary election in the Democratic race will be a matter of life and death for Bernie Sanders' campaign. The left-wing upstart has been hanging on ever since he got clobbered by front-runner Hillary Clinton in the Northeast last week. Now he appears less focused on securing an outright delegate lead than he is on entering the Democratic National Convention in July with as slim a deficit as possible.
Lucky for Sanders, then, that Indiana will be the first place to hold a primary since the routs in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland and Pennsylvania last week. If there's any place where he can regain his footing, it's the Hoosier State. A victory there Tuesday night wouldn't make Sanders any more likely to win the nomination — but it could give him more clout at the convention, where he reportedly intends to fight for a more-progressive Democratic Party platform.
That's because Indiana has some important features in common with Michigan, the site of the Democratic primary season's most stunning upset. Michigan is where Sanders confounded the pollsters and recorded a decisive victory almost two months ago. His campaign staff has reason to hope for a similar performance in Indiana.
Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images
It all comes down to theme Sanders has sounded on the campaign trail and will likely want better represented in the Democratic platform: the shrinking of the middle class, the economic devastation wrought by free trade agreements and the decay of the American labor movement. Like Michigan, Indiana perfectly embodies these themes. The question is whether the resulting voter anger will deliver Sanders another much-needed victory.
The forecasters say no. Most polls in Indiana have shown Clinton leading Sanders by single-digit percentage points, although the latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist survey found the U.S. senator from Vermont within striking distance of the former U.S. secretary of state. Basing its forecasts on an analysis of endorsements and polls, the website FiveThirtyEight has projected Clinton has a 91 percent chance of winning Indiana. However, FiveThirtyEight also gave Clinton a better than 99 percent chance of winning the Michigan primary. That's why it's called an upset.
The polls are a good reason to believe Sanders is a long shot in Indiana, but the state has a few key demographic indicators working in his favor. For starters, Indiana is proportionally whiter than the U.S. as a whole: The Census Bureau estimated that 86 percent of Indiana residents were white in 2014, as opposed to 77 percent of Americans overall. While Sanders has made some inroads with the black community since he first launched his candidacy, he still tends to do best in states with largely white populations.
More to the point, Indiana residents are subject to many of the same economic pressures that helped define the Michigan primary. Both Indiana and Michigan are Rust Belt states with declining manufacturing strongholds. Both states boast proud blue-collar labor movement traditions, which in recent years have been substantially undermined by conservative lawmakers. And both states, thanks to their reliance on factory work, have suffered as a result of free trade — perhaps more than anywhere else in the country.
In fact, the labor-friendly Economic Policy Institute reported in March that Indiana lost more jobs proportionally in 2015 due to the U.S. trade deficit with Pacific Rim countries than any other state except Michigan. The EPI was looking specifically at trade between the U.S. and the 11 other nations that have signed onto the impending free trade agreement known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP).
The EPI also found Michigan had lost 214,600 jobs since 2011 as a result of U.S. trade deficits with those 11 countries, adding up to 5.12 percent of employment in the state. No other state came anywhere near those losses, but Indiana got closest, losing 103,800 jobs over the same period. That loss amounted to 3.54 percent of employment in the state, the institute reported.
Commentators widely attributed the Sanders primary victory in Michigan to trade issues, although the full story may be somewhat more complicated. It is true Sanders is a more persistent critic of free trade than Clinton, whose husband enacted several major trade agreements while president. But an International Business Times analysis of election results and the EPI report found no correlation between the electoral map and the map of trade-induced job losses.
But if electoral districts did not go for Sanders because they had been directly harmed by free trade, the issue may still have had a more diffused effect on the primary. Those job losses may have engendered anxiety in working-class voters across-the-board, regardless of whether they themselves had experienced unemployment. Michigan exit polls found Democratic voters saying by a nearly 2-1 ratio that trade with other countries destroys jobs rather than creates them.
Trade isn't the only issue that frustrated and unsettled the Democratic working-class electorate in Michigan. The state also passed an anti-union right-to-work law in 2013, when it became the 24th state to do so. Right-to-work laws prohibit unions from charging mandatory fees to the nonunion workers who they represent in many of their unionized shops. This creates a so-called free rider problem, according to labor advocates, because unions can be forced to represent countless workers in contract negotiations while receiving nothing in return.
When Michigan became a right-to-work state, it was a body blow to what has historically been one of the most powerful statewide labor movements in the country. In 2014, the first year after the adoption of the right-to-work law, the Michigan union membership rate dropped almost 2 percentage points.
Indiana's right-to-work law preceded Michigan's law by about a year. But the union membership rate in the former state has oscillated wildly since 2008, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The overall trend has been downward, at a faster clip than union membership nationwide has declined.
In Michigan, the decline of organized labor fueled support for Sanders. The same thing happened in Wisconsin, where Sanders beat Clinton by 13 percentage points last month. Like Michigan, Wisconsin has historically been a center of union strength, but, beginning with the ascent of Republican Gov. Scott Walker in 2011, that state's labor movement has been in a fight for its survival. Just weeks after taking office, Walker successfully had a law passed that constricted collective bargaining rights in the public sector. Then, after he weathered a union-led recall attempt in 2014, Walker signed legislation making Wisconsin a right-to-work state.
Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Primary results in Michigan and Wisconsin appear to show that Sanders does well in the traditional labor strongholds where unions are under siege. A surprise win in Indiana would confirm the trend.
What it wouldn't do is substantially alter the outcome of the presidential-nomination race. Indiana isn't a winner-take-all state, but even if Sanders magically won all 83 of its delegates and all nine of its superdelegates, he would still be 716 behind Clinton. A stroke of good fortune in Indiana could deliver him some additional leverage going into the convention, but not much else.
Still, that may be enough for his backers to claim a limited victory at the end of the primary season. If Sanders can plausibly argue that he leads a significant wing of the Democratic Party, he can press for platform additions such as a $15 minimum wage endorsement, a call for single-payer healthcare, and a denunciation of free trade agreements such as TPP. And if he were to win even a handful of those concessions, it would be an achievement — and economically distraught states such as Indiana would deserve a good portion of his campaign's gratitude.
Suppose, not entirely hypothetically, that you are moving from an old and relatively low resolution mouse to a new high resolution mouse, say a 1200 DPI mouse. If you do nothing, what you'll experience is that your new mouse is very twitchy and it's hard to point precisely to small things even when you're trying to move the mouse pointer slowly and carefully. This can easily wind up giving you unhappy feelings about your new mouse and of course it's generally frustrating. So what you want to do is turn down the mouse sensitivity so that it feels more like your old mouse.
(Some of this will depend on how your new mouse feels and moves relative to your old mouse. If you had to make sweeping moves with your old mouse and your new mouse is one that you can do tiny shifts with, you may not need to turn down the sensitivity very much at all. And the worst case is moving the other way, from a low resolution mouse that you just nudged around lightly to a high resolution mouse that wants you to move it around with sweeping gestures.)
As usual, the ArchLinux wiki has a pretty good page on mouse acceleration that steered me straight to the xinput command's ability to set detailed properties, even on a per-mouse basis (this is potentially important if you have more than one mouse that you might plug in). For me the most important property to set was 'Device Accel Constant Deceleration':
xinput --set-prop '<MOUSE NAME>' 'Device Accel Constant Deceleration' 2.2
The other setting I change is the 'Device Accel Velocity Scaling', because the default value of '10' is apparently based on a mouse sample rate of 100 Hz instead of my actual one of 125 Hz (see here for details on this). So I set:
xinput --set-prop '<MOUSE NAME>' 'Device Accel Velocity Scaling' 8
Note that total effect I get depends on both of these settings together, which means that there's no point in tuning everything carefully for one setting and then adjusting the other. Adjust them both first and tune from there.
(I never tried to 'tune' the velocity scaling, since it theoretically has a well defined proper value.)
I determined the deceleration figure by starting with 1200 DPI divided by the resolution of another mouse that I use and am happy with the feel of, but then I adjusted things to taste several times. The most important thing is that the mouse feel right to you; the math is just a starting point. This also means that you may not want to bother changing the velocity scaling; I did it because I'm the kind of person who usually sets that kind of stuff.
(Of course, one fly in the ointment of working out a careful DPI scaling if you also set the velocity scaling is that your old mouse will have been running not just at its lower DPI but also at the default velocity scaling. I have no idea what exact effect this has, but I expect that it has some.)
If or when I move to a high-DPI display, I expect that I'll want to reduce or reverse this mouse resolution reduction, since smaller pixels make the same mouse movement (in pixels) cover less physical area on screen. Of course by the time I get a high-DPI display, X or something else in the environment may be helpfully compensating for this effect (in much the same way that browsers on high-DPI displays redefine what a CSS 'pixel' means).
Also, I started out with higher values for deceleration and have been slowly adjusting it downwards (ie, less deceleration) over time. You may find that you have a similar adjustment process to a high-DPI mouse.
(Another reference to doing this is here, and also this StackExchange question and answers.)
The end of season one was the two part episode "Money For Nothing". After part one was aired, the Sci-Fi Channel allowed viewers to vote online to determine the outcome of the part two cliffhangers. See more
Alternate Versions
The 2nd Invisible Man Boxed Set available in the UK has the alternate opening to "Money for Nothing: Part 2" alongside the aired ending. In this alternate opening, Hobbes decides to bring Darien in, and attempts to put handcuffs on him, but Darien Quicksilvers and escapes, attempting to steal a car before Hobbes finally catches up to him. He forces him into the van, and they head back to The Agency, but Darien manages to convince Hobbes that the men The Agency has sent after him have no intention of bringing him back alive. They are followed, and escape into an alley. The episode then continues as it was aired, starting with the showdown in the alley where Darien hides behind the invisible dumpster. See more
The National may sound like a garage band turned down, but there's as much primal energy lurking behind Alligator as in any mop-topped group of city kids with bloodstained Danelectros in a dusty warehouse. While Matt Berninger's lyrics and conversational delivery rely heavily on the kind of literate self-absorption that fuels so much of the indie rock scene today, he never comes off as preachy or unaware that the world would manage just fine without him; rather, he uses metaphor and humor as bullet points for a profound sense of displacement and anger. Out-of-the-blue statements like "f*ck me and make me a drink," from the brooding but lovely "Karen," are effective because the listener is brought into the story slowly, almost amiably, before being led to the plank. Berninger's wry, filthy, and often eloquently sad tales of materialism, sex, and loneliness are augmented by the stellar duel-sibling attack of Aaron Dessner (guitar) and Bryce Dessner (guitar) and Scott Devendorf (guitar/bass) and Bryan Devendorf (drums), who flesh out each track with so many little creative flourishes that it takes a few listens to break them down into palatable portions. There are upbeat moments found within -- "Lit Up" and "Looking for Astronauts" -- but for the most part the National are content with playing the genial fatalists, and while "All the Wine" seems designed to serve as the record's desolate backbone, "Baby, We'll Be Fine," with its quick changes, lush orchestration, and winsome refrain of "I'm so sorry for everything" is, despite an elegiac delivery, Alligator's loneliest track, and like each part of this fine collection of city-weary poetry, it's as brief as it is affecting.
At 51zero we're huge advocates of Agile, we love Agile, we use Agile methodologies to successfully deliver software for our clients. We believe Agility is the foundation on which Continuous Delivery and DevOps can be successfully implemented. However, we've seen Agile misinterpreted and misapplied so badly, so often, that it gets a bad name.
There are many great resources online for agile best practices and patterns (see end of post for some links), but sometimes it's just as useful to identify anti-patterns, things to avoid, ‘process smells' to look out for. Anti-patterns can be useful tools to help determine where things are going wrong, giving you the opportunity to apply improvements to your process and improve your team.
As such we're launching a series of blog posts on Agile Anti-patterns and today we're starting with stand-ups.
Standup Anti-pattern: The super-sized standup
We were recently engaged to help rescue a failing project. When we first attended the standup we were amazed to find the entire corridor, where the standup was held, packed. There were 14 developers, a few BA's, a product owner, scrum master and an couple of interested stakeholders. Everyone of the developers and BA's took their turn with the ‘Yesterday, Today, Blocker' pattern, and then the PO and stakeholders had some things to say. Even though the updates were fairly succinct (not all of them were) the standup took 30-40 minutes, everyone was getting frustrated and bored.
It smells when: More than 5-7 team members talking at the standup
Likely outcome: Many people are working on different quite unrelated things, they don't care about half of the updates and the overall feeling is that the standup is a waste of their valuable time.
Potential solution: Your agile team is probably too large, it's time to consider splitting it up, consider investigating scaling agile (perhaps running scrum of scrums).
Standup Anti-pattern: The serial status / daily micromanagement meeting
It can present in several forms, it can be the scrum master tracking the time taken for each task and asking for effort estimates during the standup (“you said that'd take 4 hours, it took all day, why weren't you able to complete it on time?”). It can present as the scrum master/product owner, directing the activities of the day, telling each developer what they have to work on today, or it could be a daily reminder that they're late and failing on delivery so they have to do x, y and z today.
It smells when: The scrum master or product owner is addressing the team members individually. The team aren't talking to each other instead they're reporting publicly, daily, to line management.
Likely outcome: Developers become disengaged with the processes, they are less likely to report blockers, they're less likely to take ownership and responsibility for tasks, they will not hold each other to account as a line manager is holding them to account. The agile team breaks down and a command and control structure takes it's place.
Potential solution: This can be tricky, it should certainly be discussed and options considered at a retrospective. The scrum master/product owner will likely need coaching on agile practices.
Standup Anti-pattern: By the numbers
Space travel is the new westward expansion. Get in on that now.
Now that space travel is being privatized, it's a better time than ever to start thinking about what that means for the future of our children and civilization as a whole.
There are some hard-hitting issues that need to be addressed such as, "What nearby planets are truly inhabitable for humans?" and "Who gets to go when we do finally colonize?" and "Will there be Froot Loops in space?" Because we're not going if there aren't Froot Loops.
I think the general consensus is, we just don't know yet. There needs to be lots of tests and trials before we can satisfactorily answer the Froot Loops question. So help out the cause. Buy an Estes Three Rocket + Launcher Bundle and send some Froot Loops into space. Or, at least, 425 feet closer to space. Hey, it's a start.
Back to top
In 20 or 30 years, what will we look back on and say “That was the issue of our time?"
I ask hyper-intelligent people this question from time to time, and the answers are frequently similar: environment, equality, employment, and wage disparity are common.
I believe employment and wage disparity are the critical issues of our time.
Nowhere can this be seen more clearly and glaringly than in San Francisco. Rents in the city have skyrocketed and social unrest between the haves and have-nots has reached a boiling point. (Most recently, we saw protesters throwing a rock through the window of one of Google's luxurious private buses.)
It's hard for people not to hate technologists when faced with the absolute loathsomeness of three now-infamous industry executives: Peter Shih, Greg Gopman, and Bryan Goldberg.
In three separate blog posts over the past year, these spoiled techbrats have shown the absolute worst qualities of the elite: a lack of empathy and class, combined with horrible entitlement -- and the absolute inability to write.
Peter Shih, a startup founder, wrote that San Francisco is a city with a “pathetic excuse for a public transportation system,” where "I pay 80% of my salary to live down the street from crackheads and meth addicts" and which is home to “some of the craziest homeless people I have ever seen in my life.” (His solution: “just hand them a handle of vodka and a pack of cigarettes, it'll save everyone some trouble.”)
His bile was followed by Gopman's post which claimed:
The difference [between SF and elsewhere] is in other cosmopolitan cities, the lower part of society keep to themselves. They sell small trinkets, beg coyly, stay quiet, and generally stay out of your way. They realize it's a privilege to be in the civilized part of town and view themselves as guests. And that's okay…
You can preach compassion, equality, and be the biggest lover in the world, but there is an area of town for degenerates and an area of town for the working class. There is nothing positive gained from having them so close to us. It's a burden and a liability having them so close to us. Believe me, if they added the smallest iota of value I'd consider thinking different… Not to be outdone, millionaire Goldberg -- the most successful of all these executives, having sold the widely-regarded-as-spam site Bleacher Report -- wrote a "satirical piece" here on Pando that showed a complete lack of awareness, intelligence, or ability to compose satire. Salon dubbed it “rock bottom” in “tech's culture war.”
Where to begin?
First, all three of these executives should be thankful they were born in a time when the ability to write code and understand technology was so absurdly rewarded as compared to the other crucial work of the world. Important things like teaching children to be productive citizens, running into burning buildings, protecting citizens from crime, doing CPR on people in cardiac arrest, and going to war and risking having your legs blown off by an IED.
In another age, say one where the ability to use a sword was the most in demand skill, these specimens wouldn't have had the resolve to make it out of adolescence alive.
Second, if you are lucky enough to be absurdly rewarded as compared to the rest of society, a solid default position is to shut up and enjoy your epic rewards -- not to taunt and abuse those less fortunate than yourself.
Third, if you have been delightfully rewarded for building websites -- websites!! -- as opposed to digging ditches 10 hours a day, six days a week, perhaps you should look at those less fortunate than yourself with compassion and -- gasp! -- do something to help them?
Fourth, if your ability to write tops out at the Christmas card level, perhaps it would be wise for you to hone your skills before tackling the most sensitive and pressing issues of our time?
As my Tae Kwon Do teacher told me in my developing years, when I was prone to speak first and think second, “an empty can makes the most noise.”
These noisy individuals do not represent the technology industry within which I've built my career. No, the technologists of true success and merit develop and execute strategies to make society more just, fair and joyful for all.
Bill Gates gave up three or four delightful decades of working on building one of the great technology empires of all time to do things like eradicate malaria, provide clean drinking water and reinvent the condom so people would use them more often.
Mark Cuban dedicates his time to investing in startups that will never return even a small fraction of his wealth, while silently helping wounded soldiers and the poor (the details of which are largely unreported).
Elon Musk risked his entire fortune -- and pushed himself personally to the brink -- to get us off carbon, and he's still driving himself at an inhuman pace to “back-up Earth” on another planet. (I've encouraged him to pace himself many times, but it's just not how he is wired.)
Jeff Skoll has produced media -- at great loss and risk at times -- in order to expand people's consciousness about important issues. His projects include "Fast Food Nation," "An Inconvenient Truth," "Food Inc," "Darfur Now," and his new TV network Pivot, which aims to package up serious issues for millennials.
The list of technologists doing great things for humanity is endless, but the media obsesses over a few pathetic, visionless grandstanders -- and I don't blame them. This level of stupidity and vileness is editorial manna from above. How could journalists not focus in on it?
A society can best be judged by how the most privileged regard and treat the most vulnerable and weak.
I have a challenge for these three individuals: invest in HandUp, a wonderful startup trying to actually help the homeless and distraught individuals in San francisco (and eventually beyond, I'm sure). If you each invest $10,000 in Handup I will match each of you. (Note: I'm already an investor, having invested on the spot during my talk with Rose.)
[Sidenote: Handup is a B (as in "benefit") corporation similar to stuff like Tom's Shoes or Ben & Jerry's, which aims to build a sustainable business by making a platform to help organizations focused on the homeless and poor. It's “kickstarter for the homeless,” and I say that with pride, not as a joke. Also note: any profit I make from this investment I will also donate to groups which help homeless people.]
It takes only a cursory amount of reading -- start with the US Conference of Mayors study on the city's ~6,000 homeless -- to understand that a large percentage of the homeless are suffering from depression, mental illness, substance abuse, and/or the elimination of their jobs.
And keep in mind that the “disruption” that is so lauded in our industry is largely one that removes inefficiencies, frequently defined as a “humans” working in “jobs.”
I'd argue that society's issues around job loss are largely attributable to the massive change brought on by the technology we are building, and the wealth we are creating for a small subset of society.
This fact is indisputable, and I believe it puts the responsibility for the weakest in our society on us -- the technologists and investors -- who not by happenstance are benefiting from this change.
On a strictly pragmatic basis, if you're rich and privileged in our violently changing society, ask yourself if the last couple of bitcoins or homes you own are worth having a brick thrown through the window of bus you're riding on.
It is completely possible that in the next 10 years, the streets of San Francisco and Manhattan will be filled with riots and protests by disenfranchised individuals -- oh wait, that was the last three years.
What is the point of this ever expanding “long boom” if we leave so many behind? What a shallow victory we will have wrought if so many suffer so greatly while we benefit so exorbitantly.
...
PS - If I get a moment I'll follow up on this piece by expanding the final two points -- or perhaps someone with the ability to write like @paulcarr, @lons, @jasonpontin, @karaswisher, @hblodget, etc. could take on these two concepts:
a) What responsibility does the Tech Industry specifically have to the people it has made redundant?
b) Wouldn't it be a better world for everyone if we used just a small portion of the massive profits being made to ensure that everyone had a place to live and eat, so our cities weren't overrun with poverty, hunger and desperation, making American cities like Los Angeles essentially Third World nations?
Jason Calacanis is CEO of Inside.com and host of the Launch Festival. Follow him on Twitter @jason.
[Illustration by Brad Jonas for Pando.]
Sunday, November 5, 2017
Harvard Crimson, 'Okay To Be White' Stickers Crop Up at Harvard, Around Country:
More than a dozen handmade stickers reading “It's okay to be white” surfaced around Harvard Square Wednesday, prompting Cambridge officials to remove them and a Harvard Law School Dean to denounce the signs as “provocations intended to divide us.”
The stickers appeared to be part of a campaign started on the forum website 4chan, which called upon followers to put up posters with the message in their area on Halloween night. The author of the original post on the site wrote that they hoped the “credibility of far left campuses and media gets nuked” as a result of the incident, adding that they could help achieve a “massive victory for the right in the culture war.”
Similar stickers were spotted in a handful of places around the country Wednesday morning.
“It seems likely that these anonymous postings, made in the middle of the night, were provocations intended to divide us from one another,” Law School Dean of Students Marcia L. Sells wrote in an email sent to Law students Wednesday after the stickers were spotted at Wasserstein and Hastings Halls.
“HLS will not let that happen here. We live, work, teach, and learn together in a community that is stronger, better, and deeper because of our diversity and because we encourage open, respectful, and constructive discourse,” Sells wrote. ... Sells confirmed in her email to students Wednesday afternoon that the stickers at the Law School had already been removed.
https://taxprof.typepad.com/taxprof_blog/2017/11/its-okay-to-be-white-signs-posted-at-harvard-law-school-denounced-by-dean.html
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Monday asserted that the news media was playing down the terrorist threat posed by the Islamic State, telling American military personnel that journalists were reluctant to report on the militant group's attacks in Europe and “have their reasons” for failing to cover them.
Mr. Trump initially did not provide examples of a news media conspiracy to underplay terrorist attacks, and his comments appeared to ignore the vast amount of reporting on violence committed by the Islamic State and its supporters in the Middle East, Europe and the United States. Later Monday night, the White House released a list of what it said were 78 attacks from September 2014 to December 2016 that were carried out or inspired by the Islamic State. The White House said that “most have not received the media attention they deserved.”
The list included the major attacks in Paris; Brussels; San Bernardino, Calif.; and Orlando, Fla., that dominated the news for weeks. Other attacks overseas, lesser known to Americans, received extensive local coverage, like a shooting in Zvornik, Bosnia, in April 2015 in which one police officer was killed and two others were wounded.
The president's speech was the second time in recent weeks that he has used an appearance before national security personnel — usually apolitical settings in which the focus is on strategy and sacrifice — to discredit journalists and exult in his election victory.
A CAMPAIGN has been launched to save Edinburgh's Museum of Fire, which faces the axe under cost-cutting moves.
The museum – which celebrates the Capital's role as home of the first municipal fire brigade in Europe – is based at the former fire station at Lauriston.
The Fire Service Museum. Picture: Neil Hanna
Fire bosses want to sell off the site as part of the rationalisation plans following the move to a single Scotland-wide fire service.
The museum displays a unique collection of vintage fire engines and fire-fighting equipment from 1426 to the present day and charts the history of the Edinburgh brigade founded by pioneer James Braidwood in 1824.
The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS) insists the collection will be preserved and relocated, but volunteers who run the museum fear for its future.
George Gray, a volunteer guide and retired part-time office-in-charge at Linlithgow Fire Station, said the museum had received no financial support from the SFRS, which had also allowed its accreditation with Museums and Galleries Scotland to lapse and failed to pursue recognition as a collection of national significance, which would have given it access to lottery funding.
There is so much potential for the place, but unless we do something now we will lose it. Keith Richardson
Mr Gray said the museum – which is funded by donations from visitors – was a place of pilgrimage for firefighters from all over the world but was not widely known here.
“It's better known in fire service circles around the world than it is to the citizens of Edinburgh,” he said.
“We don't publicise it much because the volunteers couldn't cope if we got hundreds of people coming in.”
The museum does attract more than 1000 visitors a day on the annual Doors Open Days weekends, when extra help is brought in.
James Braidwood, who created Edinburgh's first municipal fire brigade. Picture: David Moir
The rest of the time, seven volunteers try to keep it open from 10am to 4pm, Monday to Friday, for guided tours.
A petition to save the museum has attracted more than 2000 signatures. It calls for the Lauriston building – built in 1900 as the Central Fire Engine Station of Edinburgh Fire Brigade – to be developed as a world-class Scottish National Museum of Fire.
Former firefighter Keith Richardson, who is also involved in the campaign, said the Lauriston building offered lots of scope. “You could expand it into something a lot bigger and better and make it into something special. You could even have a themed restaurant.
“There is so much potential for the place, but unless we do something now we will lose it.”
The Fire Service Museum, Edinburgh. Picture: Neil Hanna
The SFRS insisted it was committed to finding the museum a new home.
Assistant Chief Officer Lewis Ramsay, chair of the SFRS heritage committee, said: “The Museum of Fire will continue and the contents of the museum will be protected and relocated in Edinburgh. We are currently in the process of considering our assets and examining opportunities to secure a new and prominent place where they can continue to be exhibited, preserved and enjoyed by the public and past and present members of the fire and rescue community.
“The heritage and history of fire and rescue in Scotland is of extreme importance to the Service. This has been reiterated on many occasions by the Chief Officer.”
• The petition can be viewed online at www.change.org
ian.swanson@edinburghnews.com
The first female Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament turned down an honour from The Queen, The Courier can reveal.
Tricia Marwick, who stepped down as the MSP for Mid Fife and Glenrothes ahead of May's Holyrood election, declined an invitation from a senior Conservative politician to allow her name to be put forward for a gong.
The former SNP member who has always opposed Royal honours, said the system has been “devalued” by certain awards in recent years.
Calls have been made in recent weeks for Sir Philip Green, the retail tycoon, to return his knighthood if he does not pay back dividends received from BHS when he owned the stores chain following its collapse.
Ms Marwick said : “I understand that the UK government wished to ensure that the first female Presiding Officer was recognised in the Honours list. I declined.
“I do not criticise those who accept an honour. That is a matter for each individual and I understand the great joy and pride it can bring.
“However, it is not for me. I would be a hypocrite to now accept an honour when I have opposed the honours system all my life.
“Further, in recent years it has become devalued by some of those who have been recipients.
“I have had many meaningful honours in my life. To be one of the first MSPs when our Parliament was reconvened in 1999, to be elected as MSP for my home constituency of Central Fife and then to serve as the Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament.
“That is recognition and honour enough for me. I have no need for further rewards or honours.”
Her predecessor as PO, Alex Fergusson, who retired as a Conservative MSP at the end of last term, has been given a knighthood for services to politics, the Scottish Parliamentary process and public life in Scotland.
tech2 News Staff
With so much to and fro happening between TRAI and Facebook, it is easy to say that TRAI is standing firm on the net neutrality debate, which it made evidently clear in its consultation. Since things have gotten out of hand in what appears to be a blame game, the Economic Times have reported that the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has stepped in as it is indeed displeased with the way in which Facebook is reacting to the situation.
Not satisfied by the way things are going, the PMO has even appointed a high-powered panel to look into the matter. The committee is headed by Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad and comprises of Jitendra Singh, minister of state for PMO, and Science and Technology Minister Harsh Vardhan.
The panel is expected to meet soon after the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) submits its recommendations on differential pricing, which is expected to happen soon. The same panel is expected to keep an eye on Facebook's upcoming steps in defending its Free Basics platform.
All major telecom players have been pushing for differential pricing plans for over-the-top (OTT) and services like Free Basics being pushed by Facebook and other zero rating schemes.
TRAI could also explore alternative methods to provide free internet access to users, according to an earlier report. The same also adds that TRAI is expected to release detailed net neutrality guidelines later this week.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
Longtime NASCAR crew chief Chad Knaus just put his Tudor mansion up for sale, and the lovely home is worthy of way more than a quick pit stop.
Knaus is the crew chief for the No. 48 car on the Sprint Cup Series driven by Jimmie Johnson and was a member of five consecutive championship teams from 2006-2010. The pit-stop pro recently married Brooke Werner, former Miss Sprint Cup, but we doubt this is a case of a former bachelor selling his bachelor pad.
After all, now listed for $3.1 million, the impressive 7,897-square-foot home in Cornelius (right in the heart of North Carolina's NASCAR country) sports five bedrooms and six full baths -- way more than a bachelor would ever require.
The gated home has a semi-open floor plan on the first floor, with a massive foyer, high-end kitchen, living space, and butler's pantry, to name a few. But we're drooling over the study with its tray ceilings, wood-paneled walls, and patio access.
Upstairs, the master suite has a large bath with a soaking tub and a mega-sized walk-in closet with dressing area. In this house, you won't be awkwardly trying to put on your pants in a dark and tiny closet!
Befitting a garage genius responsible for keeping cars in tune, there are plenty of spots to unwind after a day at the track, including a bar area, media room, large wine cellar, and large outdoor space with a truly gorgeous view.
The RNC began the tradition of the Black Republican Trailblazer Awards Luncheon four years ago with a promise to always host an event during Black History Month to recognize our leaders, activists, and rising stars.
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus has kept that promise. Republicans continue to build new relationships and strengthen old ones as they engage voters across the country in communities of color.
This year's theme was “Pursuing The Promise.” Honoring Black Republicans who have blazed a path for future leaders, the annual event brought together elected officials, state and county party chairs, supporters, community leaders, students, and local and national media.
As we honor former HUD Secretary Jackson, an #RNCtrailblazer2016, we draw inspiration for building a better future. pic.twitter.com/juu7IEUqto — GOP (@GOP) February 4, 2016
​After remarks from Bethune-Cookman University President Edison O. Jackson, RNC Co-Chair Sharon Day kicked off the celebratory program with a welcome to her home state of Florida.
"I am proud and honored that the RNC has come to my home state of Florida and to the beautiful and historic campus of Bethune-Cookman University for this special event. Bethune-Cookman has always been one of the nation's flagship historically black universities and we are privileged to be here in honor of our Republican Trailblazers.”
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus later addressed the crowd of more than 200 attendees. He highlighted past Trailblazer honorees – Representative Will Hurd, Representative Mia Love, and Senator Tim Scott, who have done an outstanding job representing their constituents in Congress.
Before them came, Judge Sara J. Harper of Ohio, former Assistant Secretary of Labor Bill Brooks of Michigan, and former Secretary of Health and Human Services Dr. Louis W. Sullivan of Georgia, who have all broken barriers and opened doors for generations to come.
He then spoke about this year's theme, "Pursuing the Promise," which focuses on continuing Dr. King's dream of pursuing the promise of equal opportunity for all:
This year, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus presented the 2016 Trailblazer Award to Alphonso Jackson, former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2004-2008. Secretary Alphonso Jackson was appointed the 13th Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) in March 2004. Nominated by President George W. Bush, he was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate based on his strong background in housing and community development and expertise in finance and management.
As we honored the great work of leaders past and present, we also looked to encourage the next generation of leaders through the Republican Leadership Initiative (RLI). Through RLI, fellows develop the skills, strategies, and smarts needed to become a leader in their community during the 2016 election and beyond. Take a look at Vallerie's story to learn more:
The celebratory Black History Month program concluded with a benediction and rededication by those in attendance to continue pursuing the promise of equal opportunity for all Americans, regardless of background.
GOP
Black Republicans
UN Security Council on Friday approved imposing a no-fly zone over battle-torn Libya and authorised "all necessary measures" to protect civilians, voting for a resolution in which India and four other countries abstained.
Ten of the 15-members of UN's policy-making body voted in favour of the resolution which also calls for an immediate ceasefire in Libya where forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi inched closer to the rebel-stronghold of Benghazi amid fierce battle for the last major town of Ajdabiya.
Five nations  China, Russia (which have veto power) and non-permanent members India, Germany and Brazil  abstained from voting on the resolution which cleared the way for air strikes over the oil-rich north African country. China and Russia however did not exercise its veto power.
India's envoy to UN Hardeep Singh Puri said, "This resolution calls for far-reaching measures but we never got answers to very basic questions."
"This entire exercise has been based on less than complete information," he said.
During the UNSC deliberations, Manjeev Singh Puri, India's deputy envoy to the UN, said, "We also do not have clarity about details of enforcement measures including who and with what assets participate and how these measures will be exactly carried out."
Soon after the passage of resolution, US President Barack Obama called up his French counterpart Nocolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister David Cameron to discuss on the enforcement of the UNSC resolution in Libya.
"The leaders agreed that Libya must immediately comply with all terms of the resolution and that violence against the civilian population of Libya must cease... (they) agreed to coordinate closely on next steps and to continue working with Arab and other international partners to ensure the enforcement of UN Security Council resolutions on Libya," the White House said in a statement.
The resolution also widens previous sanctions by imposing asset freezes for seven more of Gaddafi's supporters and five more entities including state-owned Libyan companies.
... contd.
ALSO READ 500 killed in South Sudan after coup attempt
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Looking back, I think I have always understood that science fiction is philosophy in fancy dress. My favourite science fiction stories are the ones that make you think – the ones that ask, “what would it be like if…” That is what I tried to do in my novel, Pandora's Brain .
I started reading the stories of Arthur C Clark, Isaac Asimov, JG Ballard and the rest as a young boy, and that was also when I formed my first lasting ambition – to study philosophy at Oxford. (I still don't know where that ambition came from. Perhaps it was something my father said – he died when I was nine, so I never got to ask him – or perhaps I read somewhere that the two disciplines are linked.)
I was lucky enough to fulfil the ambition. That was a long time ago now, and in my memory our tutor's room is always in twilight, overlooking the autumnal quad. Philosophy of mind was almost a recreation – certainly a welcome relief from the painful rigours of philosophical logic.
A brilliant and charming man, our tutor would curl up in his chair and throw thought experiments at us, dreaming up ever more intriguing worlds to tease out our intuitions and challenge our fragile conclusions about what it means to be a person, an individual, a human.
Imagine a world populated by intelligent aliens which reproduce by cloning. How would they understand the difference between parent and child? Teleport to another world where members of the dominant species live forever, and everyone accepts that in the course of millennia there is no physical or mental component of themselves which remains the same. Would they even possess a concept of personal identity? It still strikes me as remarkable that this was the favourite discourse of an academic who was one of the world's leading experts on the philosophy of Aristotle.
If you ask a dozen philosophers to define their discipline you are likely to get at least twenty answers back – and this isn't simply because many philosophers have a tenuous grasp of arithmetic. Philosophy is probably the world's oldest academic subject, but it is also the hardest one to pin down.
Wikipedia's description illustrates the problem: “The study of general and fundamental problems, such as those connected with reality, existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language.” Fair enough, but a scientist might well claim to be engaged in the same endeavour. Indeed some people suggest that the job of philosophers is to raise and specify the questions which scientists proceed to answer. The trouble is that philosophers today are still arguing about the same questions which perturbed the ancient Greeks – which suggests that either the philosophers or the scientists aren't doing a very good job.
My own view is that philosophy is indeed an enquiry into issues which are also the proper concern of science, except that the usual scientific tools of hypothesis and experiment, testing and measurement are unavailable. By default, the discussion analyses our deep-seated intuitions about the concepts we are trying to understand, and attempts to generate conclusions by logical thinking alone. It turns out that science fiction generates thought experiments which grease the wheels of this kind of introspection superbly.
What better way of testing your notion of personal identity than to speculate on whether you think it would be preserved by walking into a teleporter and beaming yourself onto a nearby planet? Would it be “you” that arrived on the planet surface, or a mere copy of you? And if Scotty could beam you down to not one but two locations, which version of “you” would get to keep the wife, the kids, and the record collection? When Gene Roddenberry invented the Star Trek transporter because the studio couldn't afford to mock up a believable planetary lander, who would have guessed that he was also creating one of the world's best philosophical teaching aids?
About the author:
Calum Chace retired in 2012 from a 30-year career in business, in which he was a journalist, a marketer, a strategy consultant and a CEO. He serves as chairman and coach for a number of growing companies.
He has just published Pandora's Brain, a novel about the creation of the first artificial general intelligence. It has drawn plaudits from several of Socrates' previous interviewees, including Brad Feld (“Awesome! Count me as a fan.”) and Will Hertling (“In the same way that Suarez's Daemon and Naam's Nexus leaped onto the scene, redefining what it meant to write about technology, Pandora's Brain will do the same for artificial intelligence.”)
Calum is a regular speaker on artificial intelligence and related technologies and runs a blog on the subject at www.pandoras-brain.com
Edmond Knowles and 38 years' worth of pennies
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Benjamin Franklin once said a penny saved is a penny earned, but he probably didn't think of saving over a million of them.
But Edmond Knowles did. The manager of Ed's Service Station broke the record of the largest ever single cash-in of pennies with 1,308,459, or $13,084.59.
Knowles had the pennies delivered to Escambia County Bank in Flomaton, Ala. where the bank's Coinstar (Research) machine processed the change in over seven hours.
The collection broke Coinstar's existing record for the most pennies cashed-in by a customer. The previous Coinstar record was 1,048,013 pennies, or $10,480.13, set in November 2004 in Barberton, Ohio.
Knowles said he started his collection, which weighed more than 4.5 tons, because he appreciated the value of a penny. "It takes pennies to make money. They're worth something or they wouldn't make them," he said.
But now after 38 years, he said he's tired of Lincoln heads. "No, I don't ever want to see another penny... perhaps I'll collect a few dimes."
Knowles, 62, started collecting to create his own retirement fund to supplement his social security and kept the pennies in four 55-gallon and three 20-gallon oil barrels in his garage.
Knowles said he plans to use the new found wealth for retirement, home repairs and emergency medical expenses.
According to Coinstar, there's more than $10.5 billion in loose change sitting idle in American homes.
Want to boost your retirement savings? Click here.
Photo
In “The Nutmeg of Consolation” by Patrick O'Brian, the 14th in his series of maritime novels, the good Dr. Stephen Maturin's unabashed joy at finally seeing a platypus in Australia is almost immediately tempered by the incapacitating pain he experiences when he is stung by poisonous spurs on the animal's rear legs.
Dr. Maturin could be forgiven if he didn't know that the platypus is among the few mammals that produce venom (and with platypuses, only the male does). Even those who know about platypus venom do not really know much about it.
They know a little more now. Researchers in Japan have identified some of the constituents of the venom that may help make it so painful.
Using high-performance liquid chromatography and other techniques, Masaki Kita of the University of Tsukuba, Daisuke Uemura of the Nagoya University and colleagues analyzed venom samples and identified about a dozen peptides, small chains of amino acids that are the building blocks of proteins. Their findings are reported in The Journal of the American Chemical Society.
In earlier laboratory studies, the researchers found that crude venom caused cultured nerve cells to take up calcium ions slowly and continuously. This gave a hint as to how the venom acts, since calcium flux into nerve cells is linked to the sensation of pain. One of the peptides identified, called heptapeptide-1, was shown to increase calcium ion flux by itself. That suggests it may be the main component responsible for the venom's effect.
Students get a lot of stick for our supposed failure to eat well. Many begin university with little to no knowledge of cooking, left to fend for themselves in the big, bad world of ready meals, eventually succumbing to their second Super Noodle sandwich of the day.
Universities such as Loughborough have set up online TV stations to widen people's culinary skills, with Sam Stern and other celebrity chefs capitalising on this gap in the market. But for me, going to university as a vegetarian – and now vegan – has made my quest to cook and eat well more palatable.
Knowing exactly what I can and cannot eat has forced me to really think about my shopping lists. As a vegan, I do not consume any animal products and try my best not to use any either. I have reacquainted myself with stereotypically boring vegetables (I love you, broccoli), and discovered delicious substitutes like polenta and seitan, a high-protein wheat-based alternative for more meaty meats such as buffalo wings and duck.
Sure, I couldn't apply for catered halls or enjoy my flatmates' weekly beef goulash. And it was difficult in freshers' week having to explain why I didn't drink Fosters or Guinness (they're neither vegetarian nor vegan), but my flatmates were generally accepting on the whole. We coexisted for a year with only minor problems. It could have been worse, too: one of my vegetarian friends woke up to find bacon in his shoes.
Studying in Leeds with a year abroad in Berlin has been a vegan jackpot. In Germany, for instance, purity laws prevent beer companies from using animal products in the brewing process. From delicious pizzas and curries, to deals at local markets (who would say no to three avocados for €1?) my meat free diet has been a breeze.
And I've saved money too. With just a little bit of effort, my Berlin flatmates and I have worked out a system where we each contribute €15 per week towards food. This is a massive boost for my budget and, according to a National Union of Students study, it would be for other's as well. Last year in Leeds my omnivorous friends would usually spend around £10 more than me each week when they bought meat.
Nevertheless not everyone is this lucky. Students in less metropolitan areas may struggle to find an organic food store, let alone something like an exclusively vegan pizzeria. But make no mistake: vegans can live healthily shopping only at supermarkets. A number of supermarkets now have vegan product lists and most label their food accordingly. With lactose free and meat free products on the rise, I can make Thai curries, pasta bakes, greasy burgers and nutty risottos. Even cheesecakes are doable.
One thing I really enjoy making is an inexpensive creamy 'chicken' korma sauce. I use Alpro soya cream, diced mushrooms and a block of chopped tempeh, which is a fermented soybean product that has a distinctly nutty taste. It sounds quite disgusting but I assure you, it's good.
For a handful of my friends, though, the pressure of returning home after term ends becomes the real challenge. Many don't know how to tell their families about their new diet, and that they'd prefer a Linda McCartney pie for their Sunday dinner. Friends who come from other cultural backgrounds also struggle; some feel that they're letting their families down by turning vegetarian.
It's a difficult situation to be in, particularly if you have a family of dedicated meat enthusiasts. Being endlessly quizzed about your eating habits is not exactly how you imagine spending your relaxation time at home either. Making sure your friends and family don't think it's 'just a phase' is perhaps one of the biggest obstacles you can face.
When it comes to justifying my diet, I've found that no amount of health statistics (such as this extensive NHS study) or moral reasoning will win people over. My grandparents don't understand my diet and I'm not sure they ever will. But that's okay. You can get at their hearts through their stomachs: make your family a meal and show them how good vegan student cooking can be.
Customer service one-hundred years ago used to be so much different than it is today, as back as a purchase usually included free delivery if needed. The crew of the F.E. Merrill Grocery and Hardware Store store in Hillsborough, New Hampshire above, is seen posing with its circa 1912 or 1913 Chase delivery truck that was built by the Chase Motortruck Co. of Syracuse, New York.
1909 Chase three cylinders, two-cycle, air-cooled engine
The truckmaker first started in the motor vehicle business in 1907 with a dual-purpose passenger car that could be quickly converted into a light delivery truck. The early cars and the many different sizes of trucks offered, used two, three and four cylinder, two-cycle air-cooled engines. In 1912, Chase moved to producing only trucks and remained in business until 1919.
Much more can be learned about the Chase Motortruck Co. here. The photo is courtesy of the Hillsborough Historical Society, and you can view more of their interesting photos here. The advertisement below is from The Horseless Age, February 2, 1913 issue. If memory serves me correctly, I believe this F.E. Merrill truck has survived to the present day in good unrestored condition.
A state House committee unanimously rejected a proposal to legalize medical marijuana after an emotional hourlong hearing that ended with a legislator saying he was assaulted by a marijuana advocate.
House Bill 78 marks the most progress any marijuana proposal has had in the N.C. General Assembly. Two years ago, a similar bill was directed to the House Rules Committee, where Republican leaders allowed four people to speak before cutting off discussion and killing the bill.
Wednesday's hearing took place in the more prominent House Judiciary I Committee, and more than a dozen people spoke about the proposal in a packed meeting room. “For those in the room speaking today, this is huge – that you're even here allowed to speak before the Judiciary I Committee,” said Rep. Becky Carney, a Charlotte Democrat who co-sponsored the bill. “That's a big step. It's not a defeat.”
Other supporters of medical marijuana didn't see the result that way. Some vowed to move to another state, and one man was detained by police after Rep. Dean Arp said he was struck in the back. Arp declined to press charges, and the man was released after writing an apology letter.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
“We can't hit folks during civil discourse,” said Arp, a Monroe Republican who made the motion to reject the marijuana bill. “This is the first time I've ever been struck. I was very shocked by it.”
But Arp said he's putting the incident behind him. “I have accepted his apology,” he said.
Before the vote, medical marijuana users pleaded with House members to make it legal. Some were military veterans, and some were members of a group called Republicans Against Marijuana Prohibition.
“If we know that cannabis treats the brain's injury, how in God's name can we not let the veterans have it?” said Perry Parks, a military veteran who uses marijuana for pain relief. “It is immoral to deny veterans the ability to take this medication.”
The House proposal would only make the drug legal for patients with a “chronic, debilitating medical condition.” But opponents of the bill said it could pave the way for widespread legalization, turning North Carolina into Colorado, where the drug is sold in stores.
“Legalizing marijuana for medical purposes is both unnecessary and a slippery slope,” said Tami Fitzgerald of the conservative N.C. Values Coalition. “It could open the door to legalizing marijuana for recreational use, which we do not want in this state.”
The Christian Action League of North Carolina and the N.C. Family Policy Council also spoke against the bill.
The bill was sponsored by Democrats, but neither of the two Democrats on the committee – Reps. Grier Martin and Darren Jackson of Wake County – voted for it Wednesday.
Supporters of medical marijuana say they'll now lobby for another proposal, House Bill 317, which legalizes marijuana use for terminally ill patients in hospice care. That bill has the same sponsors and has also been referred to the Judiciary I Committee.
If Jan Dhan covers 99.7% households, why do 40% of Amul dairy farmers not have a bank account?
If you go by the figures put out by the Pradhan Mantry Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) almost all households in India have a bank account, a triumph of the government's ambitious financial-inclusion programme. Unfortunately, this claim has been repeatedly found to be suspect, possibly because of false reporting by public sector banks (PSBs) who have been forced to lead the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious enrolment programme. We now have fresh evidence of how hollow this claim could be.
On Friday, Amul, a brand owned by Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), has put out an ad that says “36 lakh GCMMF farmers thank the PM for the demonetisation drive.” The copy of the ad says that the Board of GCMMF in the meeting held on 23 November 2016, whole-heartedly welcomed the decision of demonetisation and resolved to ensure that all payments of about Rs450 crore per week will be directly sent to the dairy farmers' bank accounts.”
This is a great idea except that the next sentence lets the cat out of the bag. The ad goes on to reveal that “More than 60% of the members already have bank accounts, and Doodh Mandals are requested to transfer money to the farmers' accounts only. The process of new account opening for the remaining farmers has also been initiated with the support of the banks, thereby including everyone in the banking system.”
It simply means that as a high as 40% of dairy farmers associated with Amul do not have a bank account! This would jolt those who tend to believe government data blindly. Remember, GCMMF is one of the most prosperous organisations, which was set up way back in 1946 by Dr Verghese Kurien. Amul takes on multinationals head on and beats them. It is the subject of management case studies. There are stories of how its has brought massive prosperity to hundreds of villages. There is a movie made on it.
And now we learn that 40% of dairy farmers connected to this prosperous organisation do not even have a bank account! If so, what would be case with farmers in other states not to speak of labourers? How many of them actually would have bank accounts?
According to the government portal pmjdy.gov.in, there are 25.78 crore Jan Dhan accounts today since this scheme was launched in 28 August 2014. In January 2015, the government claimed that Jan Dhan covers 99.7% households, as per a Times of India report . Another report in Business Standarad in February 2015 says that nearly every Indian household has a bank account
Jan Dhan was the first among many ambitious schemes launched by the present government. Under the scheme, number of people added to the country's banking system in the last two years was much higher than that in the period from 2001 to 2011. According to census data, only 36% of Indian households had access to banking services in 2001; this increased to 59% in 2011. According to the government portal for PMJDY, there are 25.78 crore Jan Dhan accounts today.
In September 2015, Dr Raghuram Rajan, former Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had cautioned against targeting just the numbers. He had said, "The system is going to be a waste if what we do generates a whole set of duplicate accounts… It is going to be a waste if those accounts are not used; they open and they languish. Many of the persons coming into the system are coming for the first time; so if we do not make a good first impression, they will stay out. Let us ensure it works."
We now know that not even enough of accounts have been opened.
Tom Perez has defeated Rep. Keith Ellison in the race to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee, but don't rest easy: Perez also has a concerning record and chose Ellison as his deputy chairman.
When he was the assistant attorney general of the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, he included Muslim Brotherhood-linked groups and their allies in discussions about counter-terrorism training and investigations and laws punishing alleged “hate speech” against the religion of Islam. Muslim and non-Muslim critics of such Islamist groups were not a part of Perez' outreach on these issues.
Andrew McCarthy, a former federal prosecutor responsible for locking up the “Blind Sheikh” behind the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, rightly pointed out at the time that the result of excluding the Islamist groups' rivals is that officials like Perez “are making these Islamist groups into the representatives of Muslims in the United States.”
In 2012, Perez wouldn't answer what should have been a very easy question posed by Rep. Trent Frank (R-AZ) while testifying before the House Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on the Constitution :
“Will you tell us here today that this Administration's Department of Justice will never entertain or advance a proposal that criminalizes speech against any religion?”
His answer was a series of stammers and assertions that it was hard to answer. (See shocking video below:)
Then, as Secretary of Labor, Perez continued to give groups like the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) a platform while excluding the other side. In May 2015, CAIR-Florida Communications Director Wilfredo Amr Ruiz was invited to take part in a roundtable with Perez about immigration and wage issues.
Keep in mind, Perez invited a group that FBI policy officially prohibits from being involved in outreach programs.
Counter-terrorism investigator Joe Kaufman has followed Ruiz and CAIR's Florida branch closely, documenting their radicalism and links to other Islamist extremist entities here and here.
Ruiz appeared on Newsmax TV with me in March 2016 where he made the ridiculous statement that there have been no terrorist networks in America since 2001. You can watch the segment here. He subsequently told Newsmax he would not appear on the show with me ever again.
The good news is that enough Democrats took Ellison's record seriously to stop him from becoming the DNC chairman, to the point that prominent Democrat Alan Dershowitz said he'd leave the party if Ellison won. However, Ellison is still the deputy chairman and Perez's record leaves much to be desired.
As deputy chairman, Ellison is still positioned to make the DNC adopt the talking points of Islamist groups like CAIR.
In yet another example of a petty fight turning into a communal clash, groups of Dalits and Muslims attacked each other with stones and sticks after an altercation between some youths at a local shop spiralled into tensions between the communities.
The incident happened on Saturday night in Kalinagar area of Madhotanda police station, which is situated in the Pilibhit district of Uttar Pradesh. According to reports, a person named Kamil Raza and his friends had gone to buy some eggs from the shop of a certain Naseem, where they picked up a fight with another person named Sunil.
The personal fight, apparently overrate of eggs, became serious after Kamil and his friends reportedly threw casteist slurs and abuses at Sunil and his friends, who belong to Paswan caste from the Dalit community.
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
This soon turned into a physical fight at the shop itself, though the youths then went back to their homes after the quarrel. However, they soon returned along with mobs from their respective communities and a pitched battle took place as mobs targeted houses in the region. Both groups are accusing each other of starting the fight.
Apart from injuries, the clashes led to damages to the shop and respective houses of people from both the communities. Police forces had to be called in and deployed in the area to stop the clashes from getting worse and bloody, as mob reportedly swelled in numbers.
Over 100 people have been reportedly booked for the violence and under the Prevention of Atrocities (against SC/ST) act, though most of them are unnamed except Kamil, Sunil and their friends.
The police took help of respected and senior people from the region to douse flared passions. The current situation is under control and no fresh violence has been reported from the area.
However, some are blaming the police for acting late and even acting in a partisan manner. The police allegedly took more time to file cases on behalf of Dalits and did so only on Sunday, while cases following the complaint by Muslims were registered on Saturday night itself.
Share This Post and Support:
The Certified Ethical Hacker CEH) certification is more than just another paper to add to your collection. While one could argue that it's just another multiple choice exam, there is no mistaking the value of the knowledge you learn from studying for and then gaining this certification.
What is the CEH?
It's a multiple choice exam which verifies your knowledge of the penetration testing structure and the tools used within that structure. It equips prospective job seekers in the information security industry with a solid start, making sure the holder of the certificate knows how to do the basics like:
information gathering
attacking computers or servers
wireless attacks and social engineering
The concept is great, teaching students the theory of how tools work and how to evaluate situations and look for weaknesses and vulnerabilities, which is a major part of studying for the CEH; one thing it does well is to bring in real world tools for each of these situations. By the end the journey to obtain your CEH, you'll know what tools do what job, how to use the tools properly and how to conduct an ethical penetration test.
What the CEH Isn't.
Here's what it isn't. The CEH is not your one-stop shop for everything you need to learn. Rather, it is a great start into the realm of information security. As with technology, it's always best to stay ahead and current; thus, the CEH should be looked at as a gateway to higher levels of knowledge as well as proof that you can administer a penetration test.
Why is it important?
While talent and ability aren't established only by certifications, they do help when proving your knowledge and skill to others. Unlike other certifications, the CEH gives you the knowledge that will last outside of the exam by teaching you a methodology that will carry into your real world jobs and tools that you will use in real world engagements. Few certs have that to offer and the few that do are further down the road from the CEH.
What makes the CEH different?
There are many certifications one can get on their journey in the information security world, but few come to the level of training and understanding required to earn the CEH certification. The biggest factor of what makes the CEH such a unique certification is its method of teaching. Unlike other security certifications which teach defensive tactics such as firewall configuration or other forms of preemptive security, the CEH takes an alternative approach. Offenses are featured as your best defense - which is a major difference from certifications that only focus on defensive tactics. The CEH imparts offensive tactics supplemented with defensive countermeasures. This ensures that the CEH professional can have a more holistic security perspective of the organization.
What's the CEH test like?
The test consists of:
125 questions
You have 4 hours to complete the test at a certified testing center
You'll know within five minutes if you have passed or failed the test and be given a report detailing the sections you did poorly on. It takes roughly a week to gain your digital certificate and a month to gain your physical certificate along with a welcome letter officially giving you the title of a Certified Ethical Hacker.
What can you expect on the test?
To give you an overview, I've placed some sample questions below.
1. You have been hired to test security for a business headquarters in Chile. Which regional registry would be the best place to go for the network range determination?
A) APNIC
B) RIPE
C) ARISK
D) LACNIC
Answer: The correct choice is D) LACNIC or the Latin America and Caribbean Network Information Centre. There are five regional registries covering the globe that manage and control all public IPs.
2. An ethical hacker is sending TCP packets to a machine with the SYN flag set. None of the SYN/ACK responses on open ports are being answered. Which type of Port scan is this?
A) Ping Sweep
B) XMAS
C) Half-Open
D) Full
Answer: The correct choice is C) Half-Open. When an attacker or an ethical hacker is sending packets using the SYN flag it is known as a SYN scan which is also a Half-Open scan.
3. An IDS installed on the network perimeter sees a spike in traffic during off-duty hours and beings logging and alerting. Which type of IDS is in place?
A) Stateful
B) Signature-based
C) Anomaly-based
D) Packet-filtering
Answer: The correct choice is C) Anomaly-based. Intrusion detection systems can only be anomaly or signature based. Anomaly-based systems build a baseline of normal traffic patterns over time and anything that appears outside of that baseline is flagged. Signature-based works by scanning the network looking for already known malicious bytes of code or packets going through the network.
4. A junior security employee tells you a web application has halted. An examination of the syslog shows an entry from the web application indicating the canary word has been altered. What does this message indicate?
A) The NIDS has blocked an attempted attack
B) The firewall has failed in protecting the subnet
C) A buffer overflow attack has been successful
D) A buffer overflow was attempted but failed
Answer: The correct choice is D) A canary word is created specifically to look for and indicate buffer overflow attacks. The fact that the application stopped processing immediately indicates the attack was logged but was not successful
5. A WPA2 wireless network is discovered during a pentest. Which of the following methods is the best way to crack the network key?
A) Capture the WPA2 authentication traffic and crack the key
B) Capture a large amount of initialization vectors and crack the key inside
C) Use a sniffer to capture the SSID
D) WPA2 cannot be cracked
Answer: The correct choice is A) WPA2 is a strong encryption method, but almost anything can be hacked given time. Capturing the password pairwise master key (PMK) during the handshake is the only way to do it, and even then it's virtually impossible if it's a complicated password.
6.Which one of the following is a botnet command and control tool?
A) Netcat
B) Poison Ivy
C) RAT
D) LOIC
Answer: The correct choice is B) Poison Ivy works as a botnet controller
How to get going on the CEH?
So where should you go to study? Unfortunately, it seems that a lot of the courses available are outdated; the information they provide is only enough to pass the test and nothing more. The reality is that it's getting harder to find good sources of information. Given the circumstances, what would I recommend? It's a mixture; I would recommend Matt Walker's CEH book. His V9 edition came out in September:
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Ethical-Hacker-Guide-Third/dp/125983655X/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1482974769&sr=1-1&keywords=ceh+matt+walker
If you are more into learning via videos, I recommend Cybrary. They have a great video course on penetration testing and ethical hacking, as well as courses on tools like Metasploit or using Python as a penetration tester. While these will take you beyond what you need when studying for the CEH, you will only benefit from having more relevant information. I am currently working on test prep videos for the CEH as well as other certifications which can be found here on YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsjHZMN4SzX-QTmyIXJKjH4oiFdKHMn9o
or here on Patreon:
https://www.patreon.com/B3taW0lf
Please follow on Twitter: https://twitter.com/B3taW0lf
San Diego County's housing market in December grew more slowly than the national average, reflecting a trend of decelerating price increases since the start of 2016, said the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller Indices released Tuesday.
The regional index of home prices, adjusted for seasonal swings, was up 5.4 percent in December compared to a year ago. It rose 5.8 percent nationwide.
While San Diego's increase was still higher than many major cities — Chicago, Phoenix and others — it was below year-over-year jumps at the start of 2016.
In January, the San Diego index had risen 6.9 percent in the 12-month period. The growth rate stayed above 6 percent until the end of summer, when the increases began to slow.
San Francisco had the biggest December escalation in the Golden State of 5.7 percent year-over-year growth. Los Angeles County grew at the same rate as San Diego County, 5.4 percent.
The change in fortunes for Southern California was not an isolated event. Half of the 20 cities studied by the index in December had higher year-over-year gains at the start of 2016 than the end.
Aside from Seattle, the markets with the biggest gains since the start of the year were in places with lower median home prices, such as Tampa, Minneapolis, Charlotte, Chicago and Cleveland.
The change could be a reflection of higher mortgage rates since Donald Trump's election victory. Markets with higher home prices are hit harder by rate increases.
Mark Goldman, a finance and real estate lecturer at San Diego State University, said affordability constraints are pushing down prices in San Diego even as a lack of home homes for sale is driving them up.
"I think 5.4 percent is sustainable rate of appreciation," Goldman said, "in contrast to 10 to 12 percent per year. It's safer."
David Blitzer, managing chairman of the Index Committee at S&P Dow Jones Indices, wrote in the report that although prices increased in all 20 cities studied this year, it was not remarkable in the historic sense.
When adjusted for inflation, the index's nationwide annual increase of 5.8 percent would be 3.8 percent. Since 1975, the average pace has been 1.3 percent annual growth.
"Home prices are rising, but the speed is not alarming," Blitzer wrote.
Seattle had the biggest yearly increase in the index at 10.8 percent. It was followed by Portland at 10 percent and Denver at 8.9 percent.
The lowest increases were in Washington, D.C., at 4.2 percent and New York at 3.1 percent.
Lawrence Yun, chief economist for the National Association of Realtors, wrote in a statement that rising mortgage rates should not be boosting home prices and lack of home construction was a problem in many parts of the nation.
"Such a trend of price growth outpacing incomes is not healthy nor sustainable," he wrote. "Only an increase in inventory can soften the price pressure. Any impediments to new home construction need to be re-examined and possibly removed soon."
The median home price in San Diego County was $495,000 in December, CoreLogic said. The Case-Shiller index goes beyond evaluating home transaction prices to track repeat sales of identical single-family houses as they turn over through the years.
CAPTION Hundreds of San Diego hotel workers marched in downtown San Diego to pressure Marriott hotels to improve pay and working conditions for low wageworkers. Hundreds of San Diego hotel workers marched in downtown San Diego to pressure Marriott hotels to improve pay and working conditions for low wageworkers. CAPTION Hundreds of San Diego hotel workers marched in downtown San Diego to pressure Marriott hotels to improve pay and working conditions for low wageworkers. Hundreds of San Diego hotel workers marched in downtown San Diego to pressure Marriott hotels to improve pay and working conditions for low wageworkers. CAPTION The Supreme Court on Monday struck down a federal law that bars gambling on football, basketball, baseball and other sports in most states, giving states the go-ahead to legalize betting on sports. The Supreme Court on Monday struck down a federal law that bars gambling on football, basketball, baseball and other sports in most states, giving states the go-ahead to legalize betting on sports. CAPTION Viasat is a global communications company working to connect the unconnected throughout the world. As part of our mission, we're bringing low-cost, high-speed satellite internet to rural towns throughout Mexico. We believe that everyone, everywhere deserves the opportunity to add their voice to the global conversation. (Courtesy of Viasat) Viasat is a global communications company working to connect the unconnected throughout the world. As part of our mission, we're bringing low-cost, high-speed satellite internet to rural towns throughout Mexico. We believe that everyone, everywhere deserves the opportunity to add their voice to the global conversation. (Courtesy of Viasat) CAPTION San Diego has agreed to sell 16 lots in Nestor for $1 each, in the pursuit of affordable housing. The nonprofit San Diego Community Land Trust plans to build three and four-bedroom homes there for people with moderate incomes. That means a family of five with an income of up to $102,750. San Diego has agreed to sell 16 lots in Nestor for $1 each, in the pursuit of affordable housing. The nonprofit San Diego Community Land Trust plans to build three and four-bedroom homes there for people with moderate incomes. That means a family of five with an income of up to $102,750. CAPTION Toys R Us still sells about 20% of the toys bought in the U.S., according to an analyst at Jefferies LLC. Toys R Us still sells about 20% of the toys bought in the U.S., according to an analyst at Jefferies LLC.
phillip.molnar@sduniontribune.com (619) 293-1891 Twitter: @phillipmolnar
ALSO
The vanishing San Diego single-family home
San Diego home median price starts year under $500K
A new NYPD directive forbids cops from entering a residence in response to a noise complaint — unless they're given permission.
The directive, a copy of which has been obtained by The Post, means loud partiers can simply tell the cops who come to their door to just go away.
The bizarre constraint is the result of costly, successful lawsuits against the city by homeowners who complained that cops barged onto their properties without a warrant, multiple sources told The Post.
A week after it was issued, the directive had already outraged brass and rank-and-file cops alike, who warned Wednesday that neighborhoods will suffer from sleepless nights and trash, and that the NYPD will lose the vital ability to police out-of-control parties by known or suspected gang members.
“This might be the dumbest thing I ever heard in 20 years policing,” one law enforcement veteran told The Post.
“This is very bad for all,” complained another law enforcement source.
“More people will be shot and assaulted, neighbors will lose sleep, and garbage will be strewn all about. This is our new progressive city.”
Noted another law enforcement source, “I guess they're sick and tired of getting sued so often … People were going to jail, sound systems were being broken or confiscated, and then the judges throw the cases out. I think they've had enough lawsuits.”
Cops had confiscated so much sound equipment last year that an NYPD warehouse “looked like PC Richards,” quipped another source.
The directive, issued to all NYPD commands, instructs that cops can no longer go inside a home without consent “solely for the purpose of abating noise conditions by enforcement action and/or seizure of the device,” the directive reads.
“Members are advised that in cases where an unreasonable noise condition exists on private property and the owner/custodian of the premise refuses to cease the noise, members may return on the following day and issue summonses as appropriate,” the directive reads.
“Parties will go into early morning, which will involve more drinking and neighbors getting into fights, resulting in more shootings,” noted another law enforcement source.
“It will be a long, hot summer.”
The directive essentially contradicts their own Patrol Guide, which allows them to forcibly enter a residence or club if the noisy partiers inside have ignored warnings to turn the volume down.
In those cases, “the decision to forcibly enter into private or semi-private premises to correct noise complaints will ONLY be made by a precinct commander/duty captain and ONLY as a last resort, after requests to stop the noise have been ignored,” the Patrol Guide instructs.
In superceding the Patrol Guide, the new, “no consent, no entry” directive takes away that commonly resorted-to “last resort,” cops complain.
Asked about the directive, a police spokesman insisted to The Post Wednesday that “We spoke to legal. Nothing has changed.”
But the spokesman declined to immediately produce a previous directive, from any past year, telling cops to ignore that section of the Patrol Guide.
“They're trying to protect themselves from more lawsuits by saying this has always been the case,” one law enforcement source told The Post.
“They don't want new people coming forward and saying, ‘I had a party last year that cops busted up'” and then suing the city.
He stressed, “It's new. That's not what we've always done. That's why they came out these bulls—” directive, he said. “This is total horses—.
“The department should just own up to it.”
Seeking corporate and private sponsorships to help pay for your wedding opens up all kinds of possibilities.
But groom-to-be Jason Mielke has his limits.
He probably won't be branding the wedding dress of his wife-to-be Rebecca Winter Hansen with an "ACME" stamp or anything.
"I don't know if we're going to go that far," said Mielke. "I have seen pictures from the United States where the bride has whatever logos on her dress ... we probably won't do that."
A still from the couple's wedding website. (Jason Mielke and Rebecca Winter Hansen)
But the happily-engaged Moose Jaw, Sask., couple is asking individual community members to donate money in return for a seat at their winter wedding reception and a chance "to be a part of our life story," said Winter Hansen.
Companies, meanwhile, are being asked to pay for the cost of specific aspects of what Winter Hansen calls her "dream" wedding.
'The power of giving'
That dream includes:
Pre-spa services for the bride and maid of honour.
A winter shawl.
Cigars (on the website "LOL" is added).
A red carpet leading to the church.
Saskatoon berry champagne
A gluten-free wedding cake.
"When a brand or product service or company makes a donation and gives to us, it's an association that is made with a happy, positively emotionally charged moment," said Winter Hansen. "And the result is always a long-lasting and double-fold reciprocal return.
"The power of giving always moves everyone towards greatness and making the impossible possible."
Met in a library
The couple met in 2015 while Winter Hansen — about to write a university exam — sought to de-stress in the relaxing confines of the Southland Mall Regina library branch.
There, she first set her eyes on Mielke and his "just phenomenal haircut."
Hansen was struck by Mielke's "just phenomenal haircut" when she spied him at a Regina library. (Jason Mielke and Rebecca Winter Hansen)
She sat across the table from where he was reading.
"I said, 'Hey, how ya doing' and the rest was history," said Winter Hansen.
Eloping not an option
Mielke's idea to seek sponsorships was sparked by his losing his job in the oil and gas industry last January.
"Our story is about courage, hope, bravery and not giving up and moving forward to the next chapter as a team together," he said.
Asked if it wouldn't just be easier to elope, he said, "It was mentioned to us by someone here in the community but no, that's not an option ... We don't want to just get married at the courthouse."
The couple is slated to clinch its merger on Nov. 25
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Regulations banning the donation of blood by men who have ever had gay sex will be lifted from today.
The Department of Health announced the changes in September, implementing a one-year deferral period instead, so that men who have had gay sex in the last 12 months may still not donate blood.
The change comes into force in England, Wales and Scotland this week.
Northern Ireland has not yet decided whether it will relax the rules, prompting an accusation of homophobia against its health minister.
The Advisory Committee on the Safety of Blood, Tissues and Organs (Sabto) carried out a review and found it could no longer support the permanent exclusion of men who have had sex with men.
Dr Lorna Williamson, NHS Blood and Transplant's medical and research director, said: “Our priority as a blood service is to provide a safe and sufficient supply of blood for patients. This change gives us an opportunity to broaden our donor acceptance on the basis of the latest scientific evidence.
“The Sabto review concluded that the safety of the blood supply would not be affected by the change and we would like to reassure patients receiving transfusions that the blood supply is as safe as it reasonably can be and amongst the safest in the world. There has been no documented transmission of a blood-borne virus in the UK since 2005, with no HIV transmission since 2002.”
Gay rights campaigners said gay men would still be treated unfairly under the new rules implemented today, as heterosexuals engaged in higher risk sexual activity are not subject to the same restrictions.
The one-year deferral was chosen in part because of Hepatitis B, which disproportionately affects gay and bisexual men. While there is a four-week window between transmission and detection of HIV, Hepatitis B can take up to a year to be cleared by the body.
HIV charities generally welcomed the announcement, although they called for further reviews if the rates of HIV and Hepatitis B in gay men fall.
National AIDS Trust, Terrence Higgins Trust and GMFA said in a joint statement at the time of the announcement: “Whilst we are pleased to welcome this rule change for gay men, we will continue to encourage SaBTO to regularly review their restrictions on blood donation related to sexual behaviour (including other groups in addition to gay men). Particularly as the epidemics around blood-borne viruses evolve and scientific evidence changes and advances.”
The European Commission said that any ban on the basis of sexual orientation breaks EU laws.
But in response to a recent written question, John Dalli, the European Commissioner for Health and Consumer Policy, said that sexual behaviour should not be confused with sexual orientation.
Gay rights charity Stonewall said the change was a “step in the right direction” but called for donors to be screened purely on the basis of behaviour, rather than sexual orientation.
Chief executive Ben Summerskill said: “Safety must remain paramount. However at a time of national shortages in blood, everyone who can give blood at no risk to recipients should be able to donate.
“To retain a blanket ban on any man who has had sex with another man in the last year, even if he has only had oral sex, remains disproportionate on the basis of available evidence.”
He added: “Stonewall will continue to push for a donation system based on the real risks a potential donor poses. People wanting to donate blood should be asked similar questions – irrespective of their sexual orientation – that accurately assess their level of risk of infection. Sadly, the proposed new system will still fail to do this.”
The countdown of the Top 5 in the USL 20 Under 20 series concludes with a player who made history as the youngest Homegrown signing in Seattle Sounders FC history, and has performed strongly for both club and country in 2016 with Seattle Sounders FC 2 and the U.S. U20 Men's National Team.
No. 1: Victor Mansaray, Seattle Sounders FC 2
Signing as a Homegrown Player at the age of 17 in 2014, Victor Mansaray saw action with the club's MLS side in 2015, but this season has opened his game up to a new level with S2 in the USL. The rangy forward's combination of speed and strength has made him a threat either as a central striker or coming in from the left in a 4-3-3 for the team. His four goals this season have come in part thanks to improved reading of the game and movement off the ball.
The Częstochowa massacre, also known as the Bloody Monday, was committed by the German Wehrmacht forces (not the SS or Orpo) beginning on the 4th day of World War II in the Polish city of Częstochowa, between 4 and 6 September 1939.[2] The shootings, beatings and plunder, continued for three days in more than a dozen separate locations around the city.[1] Approximately 1,140 Polish civilians (150 of whom were ethnically Jewish), were murdered.[1]
Background [ edit ]
The city of Częstochowa (population 117,000 in 1931)[3] was overrun by the German Army on 3 September 1939 without a fight, during the German invasion of Poland,[4] as the Polish Army "Kraków" units of the 7th Infantry Division, stationing there, had withdrawn the previous day.[5] Many able-bodied men left the city along with the Polish soldiers.[5] The 42 Infantry Regiment "Bayreuth" of the Wehrmacht's 10th Army entered the city early in the afternoon. On that day, their guns were not loaded, as the Wehrmacht command was more concerned with the risk of "friendly fire" caused by inexperience and nervousness on the part of the troops,[2] than of possible threat from the Polish rear guard.[5] Notably, the German wild shootings caused by fear, had broken out elsewhere, often leading to massacres of civilians as in Kajetanowice.[5]
Archived diaries of the German soldiers as well as the official army reports reveal that the remaining civilian population of the city acted peacefully and did not obstruct the German army in any way.[5] The evening of 3 September passed without any incidents. Searches of houses and business premies turned up no concealed weapons.[5]
Massacre [ edit ]
The Wehrmacht entering the suburbs of Czestochowa
The Regimental headquarters, located 20 km south of the city, received a report on the evening of 4 September from the German units of the 42nd Regiment (46th Infantry Division (Wehrmacht)),[4] alleging that they had been attacked by "Polish partisans" in two different incidents; one in the courtyard of the Technical School where the regiment stationed, and one involving a prisoner column guarded by the 97th Regiment.[5] The German soldiers claimed to have been shot at from one of the houses near where they were.[6]
However, subsequent reports and testimonies of soldiers inform that none of the German witnesses were able to describe the supposed attackers.[5] A search of houses that took place after the massacre failed to turn up any "suspicious persons". According to German historian Jochen Böhler,[5] the shootings were perpetrated by panicking and nervous (most likely drugged out of their wits)[7][8] German soldiers who then used the imagined or invented "Polish partisans" as an excuse for their rash actions and the massacre that followed.[5] According to a Polish eye witness of the event, who had been arrested and became part of a column of Polish captives under the German guard, Wehrmacht soldiers fired from a machine gun on the prisoners' column which caused panic among those trying to escape death. Resulting from this, the guards escorting the column began shooting wildly at them. In the shooting about 200 Polish and Jewish individuals died.[5]
The second part of the massacre took place in a different part of the city, after the first wild shootings had stopped. According to the testimony of Helena Szpilman before the Jewish Historical Committee, German soldiers rounded up Polish and Jewish civilians from their homes and forced them to march to the Magnacki Square, in front of the town's cathedral. There they were all forced to lie face down on the ground and told that anyone who moved would be shot. In all there were several thousand individuals including elderly, children and women. Lt. Col. Ube, who was in charge of the Wehrmacht units carrying out the massacre (and who was the author of the report to regimental command who blamed the shooting on "Polish partisans") estimated that around 10,000 people had been collected in the square.[5] Similar estimates of the number of people rounded up are given by eyewitnesses and survivors.
After separating the men from the women, the men were searched and any found with a shaving razor or a pocket knife were shot on the spot. The remaining men were told to enter the church, but as they began moving to do so German soldiers opened fire on them from machine guns and hand-held weapons. According to the testimony of Henoch Diamant, who was wounded in the shooting, several hundred people were killed on the spot and about 400 were wounded as a result. The unfolding of the massacre in front of the cathedral was captured in narrative form by a German photographer, from the initial round up, to the Poles and Jews awaiting their fate, to photos of corpses strewn across the city's streets and the cathedral square.[9] This collection of photos was acquired by an American soldier from a captured German machine gunner near the end of the war.[9]
Death count [ edit ]
According to the official report written by Lt. Col. Ube: in course of the "punishment action for partisan activity" 3 women and 96 men had been killed. However, in the spring of 1940, the German mayor of Czestochowa, Richard Wendler, gave permission for the exhumation of the bodies by the town council. Some 227 corpses were unearthed,[10] including 194 men, 25 women, and 8 children; 22 victims were identified as Jewish. The bodies were exhumed in several locations including at Krakowska Street (54), at Garncarska (40), by the city hall (48), and at Piotrkowska Street (4).[10] There were also several smaller scale murders carried out at various points in the city, including of patients at a military hospital which was run by the Red Cross.[4]
According to the Center for Documentation of Częstochowa History, at least 600 people were killed in the city overall on that day. Some estimates of victims put the number at more than 1,000; 990 ethnic Poles and 110 Jews[11] (more than 40,000 Jews were later murdered after the liquidation of the Częstochowa Ghetto).[12]
Similar incidents [ edit ]
One of the regiments that carried out the massacres in Częstochowa was two days later involved in a very similar incident in the Polish village of Kajetanowice, although on a smaller scale. Once again, unknown shots were fired at the regiment (again most likely due to friendly fire) which caused nervous soldiers to begin shooting wildly. "They blindly shot up the houses", according to eyewitnesses, and then ordered all men of the village to gather in an open field. There, those that complied with the order were executed. In all 72 victims of the Kajetanowice massacre were identified (one-third of the village's inhabitants),[4] including an infant, five little children, fourteen teenagers, twelve women and six elderly persons.[5] One of the soldiers involved in the action told eye witness Wiktoria Czech that he knew the villagers were innocent but that the regiment had received orders to kill all civilians. Another soldier commented that "Poles should be murdered when they're still in the crib". Subsequently, the entire village was burned to the ground.[5]
The "losses" of the German units of the 42nd regiment in Kajetanowice consisted of two dead horses, both most likely shot by friendly fire. The official report of the unit stated that the massacre and burning of the village was carried out as revenge for the shooting of two German horses.[5]
Postwar investigations [ edit ]
An investigation of the massacre was carried out in Bayreuth, Germany, in 1985, regarding former soldiers of the 42nd Infantry Regiment. Most of them still claimed to have been shot at from nearby houses prior to the massacre but none could describe the supposed attackers. One former soldier even admitted that he had no idea if the supposed attackers were "soldiers, partisans or civilians". Several former soldiers admitted that a general panic had broken out among German troops, with everyone running to get their weapons, stumbling over each other and shooting wildly. One of the officers of the regiment recalled that he had been furious at his soldiers for their complete lack of discipline.[5]
Former soldiers of the unit also admitted that in the search that followed they did not find any weapons, or for that matter, able bodied men, only a few women with children and some elderly persons. Former soldier Hans M. stated "I never saw any partisans in Częstochowa with my own eyes".[5]
In regard to the second massacre near the cathedral, former Wehrmacht soldier Fritz S. in an initial statement claimed that after the wild shooting stopped he was ordered to politely ask the civilians to leave their houses and gather in a church. However, Fritz S. voluntarily returned to the investigators several days later and changed his statement. He stated that the order was to forcible remove civilians from their homes and line them up face down on the ground. He added that "I want to emphasize that I never politely asked any civilians to leave their homes. In fact, we threw them out".[5]
The massacre was also investigated by the Jewish Historical Committee and Czestochowa's government. In 2009, the Polish Institute of National Remembrance found mass graves near the Stradom railway station containing about 2000 corpses, although it is unclear at this stage if the bodies are related to this massacre or to later killings by the Nazis.[13] Also in 2009, the diaries of Bolesław Kurkowski were discovered. Kurkowski witnessed the massacres and later took part in the 1940 exhumation of some of the bodies, as a forced laborer (the existence of the diaries had been known beforehand from several available fragments).[14]
On the 70th anniversary of the German invasion of Poland, September 2009, the German public broadcaster Rundfunk Berlin-Brandenburg was planning to shoot a documentary film on the subject of the massacre in Częstochowa, since the war atrocities of the Wehrmacht were not widely known in Germany (in contrast to war atrocities of the SS and those committed after Hitler's invasion of the Soviet Union).[15]
See also [ edit ]
Recap: We made it to the Elite Four!
We enthusiastically head towards the entrance to the Elite Four battles only to be stopped by this guard, who crushes my hopes by telling me I have to use the ‘Set' setting.
Damn it. That means I can't switch out Pokémon whenever it says “so and so is about to send out blah blah blah”. This just got a whole lot harder.
I look to Shawn for comfort. He responds by singing the background music. I guess that means he's ready.
Tobias: I see you've finally made it. I'm obliged to formally introduce myself, though I believe we are already acquainted with each other. I am Tobias. Brother of the Ghost-type Gym Leader Graham, and the Dark-type user of the Elite Four. We met on top of Mount Press, remember? How the creature Odin thought was Arceus was merely a phantom I designed? But no matter. You are here for a single purpose – and that is to battle! Now, defeat me, and see if you are worthy of the title of champion!
I get all excited when I see Shawn is about to OHKO Tobias's first Pokémon, then that Focus Slash interferes. Not to mention we discover that we're not really facing a three-headed dragon, but a Zoroark. With 1HP left, I go ahead and tell Shawn to use Dark Pulse so as not to waste the rest of his good moves (as I don't have any Ethers with me). I bang my head against the keyboard when a Full Restore gets used, because, hur de dur, this is the Elite Four. Full Restores are their specialty.
I got lucky. Dark Pulse was a critical hit.
With Zoroark out of the way, a Tyranitar gets sent out.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but Tyranitar isn't Dark-type, is he? At least, I don't think he was in my Emerald game…
Fire blast is not very effective, but at the very least, it gave him a nice burn. Made me feel better knowing that now at the end of every turn, we were both losing HP. Shawn was getting hit by his sandstorm while Tyranitar nursed his burn.
At the end of this turn, Shawn survived with 4HP left, so I used a Full Restore on him because I wasn't going to take my chances. I mean, Shawn was attacking first every turn, but with the ‘Set” battle change I can't just switch out when the enemy loses. I have to heal whenever I get the chance. Poor Shawn might have to face Tobias all by himself.
Tobias takes the turn to heal as well. If anything, it's as if the battle between Tyranitar and Shawn started over.
Once Tyranitar faints, the Real Slim Shady comes out to kill Shawn. He does just that. Genevieve tries a Dig on Hydreigon, despite the fact he is (evidently) hovering over the ground juuuuust out of her reach.
Genevieve sends some dragon power his way and brings him down. Absol is Tobias's next warrior, but he doesn't last more than a couple turns.
Yeah, hi, I'll take one Dragon Rush to go please?
To go straight into Honchkrow's FACE.
Think I'll pick myself up some ONE-SHOTTED Misdreavus while I'm at it.
Tobias: Tell me, Saga, have you ever heard of the Sigil Halls?
I'm gonna just go ahead and say no so you can explain them to me.
Tobias: On the Eastern end of the Vesryn Region, there is a landmass known as the Vesryn Spear. Inside the cities of this region lies four buildings known as the Sigil Halls. Think of them… as a sort of Gym for the Elite Four.
Oh great. This means I'm gonna have to fight them all over again once I'm done here.
Tobias: Only those who have beaten the Elite Four themselves are permitted to battle there. I think you can make it through. I expect you to be at mine in due time! Best of luck in the future!
We heal up before talking to the next guy. Since I don't know all of the typings of the Elite Four, I took a wild guess that we'd be facing that water chick from way back when who fought alongside Saga that one time. I put Barret up front. As soon as I talked to Corlett, I learned he was an Electric user. With Barret the first one to go, we may not cut through this guy as quickly as Tobias.
Corlett: Welcome, Saga! I'm Corlett, the Electric-type user 0f the Elite Four! Remember me? We met back in Asgard's secret lair, when they were trying to fuse Sableye and Shedinja.
You know what? I've actually met the Elite Four members throughout this whole game, and yet somehow I have forgotten their movesets. That one chick was water, this guy was electric, Tobias was dark… I forget who is left…
Corlett: I heard that you defeated Odin. My congratulations! And now you're here, taking on the Elite Four. Just because you beat Odin doesn't mean I'm going easy on you! I hope you're ready! It's time to drop some beats!
There is actually an in-game typo here. Corlett really says “it's type to drop some beats”. I assumed it was supposed to say ‘time'.
This was the pattern of the entire fight against Lanturn. Crunch, Crunch, Crunch, Aqua Ring, Full Restore, Discharge. I refused to send someone else out because Lanturn's typing scares me. Water and Electric, right? That's freaking terrifying.
So Barret had to wait him out and just Crunch over and over until he finally landed a critical hit that killed him.
Galvantula was the next opponent and I kept Barret out to fight him just for the hell of it. I thought it would be funny if Barret could manage to sweep the Electric-Leader just by spamming Crunch over and over.
Galvantula's experience points leveled him up to 75.
Alas, the fun could not last forever. Corlett's Mega Ampharos Thunder-ed Barret back into his PokeBall, demanding a different type to come forth to challenge him.
You may have a Mega Pokémon, Corlett, but I've got a shiny Garchomp, and she's about to kick your ass!
She kicked Ampharos's ass all right, but then something called an Eelektross came out and Ice Beam-ed until Genevieve required a Full Restore every turn. Hoping to spare her from fainting, I take a chance and withdraw her, putting Yukio in her place.
Goddamnit, Colett's a dick.
In the same turn, he withdraws his eel Pokémon and sends out Magnezone instead. It's like he knew I was going to put Yukio in front of him.
Well, this isn't going to work.
I return Yukio and put Shawn on the battlefield instead.
Two Fire Punches later and we're back in business.
Electivire tests our patience, but a burn takes him down before he becomes a real threat.
The eel is Colett's last line of defense.
I realize that I actually have 3 Max Ethers in my possession, so I ask Shawn to use his last PP of Fire Blast on Eelektross. It works and we defeat the second Elite Four member!
Colett: I just realize you'd have an easier time of the Elite Four, giving that the Champion retired many years ago.
Yeah, all this talk about ‘no champion' isn't flying with me. Someone's gonna be waiting at the end of this to battle me, and I'm scared to death it's going to be Jake. Why am I scared it's Jake? Because I don't want to make it ALL the way to the end of the Elite Four just to LOSE to his ‘swag'. I mean, it's highly unlikely I would lose to him anyway, like, ever, but how humiliating would that be if by some chance I did?
Colett: The former champion being your mother, of course. I would assume you'd get the title of Champion after just beating the Elite Four. Best of luck, anyways! I hope to see you at my Sigil Hall if all goes well!
Ugh, don't remind me. I am dreading fighting all of you guys a second time.
Advertisements
Back in the 1950s, Chinese troops marched in and took control of Tibet in what the then newly founded Communist government called a “peaceful liberation.” After an uprising against the Communist rule was thwarted, the Dalai Lama, Tibet's Buddhist spiritual leader, fled into exile in India, where he lives to the present day.
Tensions between India and China rose after the Tibet episode, culminating in a war over the border in 1962, which ended in India's defeat. Days of clashes also took place in 1967. Since then, although border incursions still occur from time to time, the two Asian giants have mostly showed military restraint and engaged in diplomatic solutions to settle border disputes.
Suddenly now, India and China seem to be on the brink of a war.
For over a month, the two nations have been involved in a stand-off in the Doklam plateau, which is currently disputed between China and Bhutan, a close Indian ally. The plateau, also known as Donglang in Chinese, lies at the junction of India, Bhutan, and China, near the northeastern Indian state of Sikkim. Doklam is strategically important due to its adjacency to the Siliguri Corridor, the so-called “chicken's neck” connecting India's seven northeastern states to its mainland.
via Google Maps
The stand-off began in June when India opposed China's attempt to build a road over the Doklam plains. Delhi says it intervened on behalf of Bhutan, while Beijing accuses India of trespassing in its territory. Bhutan, for its part, says China's road-building is a violation of a 1998 agreement that calls on both sides to maintain the status quo in the contested area.
From Beijing's perspective, its claim to the Doklam region is well supported by a series of documents, which the Chinese foreign ministry has been citing in press conferences in the past few days. All of the documents, though, date back to the years before the 1962 India-China War—and at least some of Beijing's interpretations of them could be misleading.
The Sino-British convention in 1890
In a regular briefing on June 29, the Chinese foreign ministry pointed to an 1890 border agreement between Britain and China for the first time to support its Doklam claim. Article I of the Sikkim-Tibet Convention, signed on March 17, 1890, by Henry Petty-Fitzmaurice, then British Viceroy of India, and Sheng Tai, the Qing dynasty's “Imperial Associate Resident” in Tibet, states:
The boundary of Sikkim and Tibet shall be the crest of the mountain range separating the waters flowing into the Sikkim Teesta and its affluents from the waters flowing into the Tibetan Mochu and northwards into other rivers of Tibet. The line commences at Mount Gipmochi on the Bhutan frontier, and follows the above-mentioned water-parting to the point where it meets Nipal territory.
Citing this text, Doklam falls to the Chinese side of the water-parting, said foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang, who then displayed a photo allegedly showing that a group of Indian soldiers and vehicles had overstepped the crest into Chinese territory on June 18.
The next day, Lu added some human context to the territorial claim. He said: “Before the 1960s, if border inhabitants of Bhutan wanted to herd in Doklam, they needed the consent of the Chinese side and had to pay the grass tax to China. Nowadays the Tibet Archives still retain some receipts of the grass tax.”
Nehru's letters in 1959
Beijing went on to state that leaders of independent India endorsed the British-era territorial understanding. On July 3, spokesman Geng Shuang pointed to two 1959 letters from then Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru to his Chinese counterpart Zhou Enlai regarding Sikkim's border with China. “There is no dispute over the boundary between Sikkim and Tibet, China,” Geng quoted Nehru as saying in one letter written on Sept. 26, 1959.
But Nehru's letter seems not to refer to the Sikkim-Bhutan stretch that is in dispute today. According to the Hindustan Times, which has viewed the Sept. 26 letter, Nehru wrote:
This Convention of 1890 also defined the boundary between Sikkim and Tibet; and the boundary was later, in 1895, demarcated. There is thus no dispute regarding the boundary of Sikkim with the Tibet region. This clearly refers to northern Sikkim and not to the tri-junction which needed to be discussed with Bhutan and Sikkim and which is today the contentious area. And once more, let us not forget that the 1890 Treaty was an unequal treaty as Tibet, Sikkim and Bhutan were not involved.
The term “unequal treaty” is often used by China to refer to treaties in its own history with Western powers.
The Hindustan Times also reported that, in the same letter, Nehru said that “Chinese maps show sizeable areas of Bhutan as part of Tibet,” and that “the rectification of errors in Chinese maps regarding the boundary of Bhutan with Tibet is therefore a matter which has to be discussed along with the boundary of India with the Tibet region of China in the same sector.” One journalist referred these lines to Geng on July 5, and the spokesman said he would need to verify them.
A 1960 note from India's embassy in China
The same day, Geng offered additional material to support Beijing's assertion that India recognizes the 1890 treaty:
In the note it sent to the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs on February 12, 1960, the Indian Embassy in China said, “the Government of India welcomes the explanation given in the Chinese note relating to the boundary with Sikkim and Bhutan on the one side and Tibet on the other. The note states that the boundary between Sikkim and Tibet of China has long been formally delimited, and that there is neither any discrepancy on the maps nor dispute in practice. The Government of India would like to add that this boundary has also been demarcated on the ground.” These contents in that note were all written down in black and white.
Geng did not clarify whether that was the full text of the note.
Over China's many briefings on this issue, the note above has been the most recent document it cited in support of the idea that India has acknowledged China's Doklam/Donglang jurisdiction. That might be because relations were frosty for decades after the 1962 war.
It was only after then Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi paid a visit to China in 1988 that the two nations started their formal boundary talks in recent history, and then signed a series of border agreements. Some of the most contentious issues between them are still pending resolution.
“Do you have any post-1962 document which proves that India recognizes Doklam as part of China's territory?” one journalist asked Geng during the July 5 briefing. The spokesman dodged the question.
Nonprofit watchdog group Colorado Ethics Watch on Tuesday brought out a list reviewing five of the most glaring high-profile breaches of public trust in Colorado in 2010. Ethics Watch is often described (or dismissed) as “left-leaning,” and it's true that its list this year spotlights the actions of four well-known Republican political figures. But it's also true that the names of three of the four men included on the list– Doug Bruce, Dan Maes and Scott McInnis– now mostly induce chortles and head shaking on the left and right in political circles across the nation.
“We were trying to pick [instances] where there was no redeeming side. These were cases where there was no way to give a positive spin,” Director Luis Toro told the Colorado Independent.
Ethics Watch didn't attempt to rank the scandals, Toro explained in a release. “They are all outrageous.”
The Top Five list with full background is available as pdf here. A quick rundown from the release:
* House Ethics Committee to King: Stop Breaking Those Rules We Said You Didn't Break! In January 2010, Ethics Watch filed a complaint with the Speaker of the House, asking for a House Ethics Committee investigation of Representative Steve King for double-dipping – receiving mileage reimbursement from the state for travel expenses that had also been reimbursed by his campaign – a clear violation of House rules. The scandal magnified when the House Ethics Committee formally dismissed the complaint, but later quietly released a report criticizing Rep. King for the exact issues brought forward in the complaint. * Pinnacol Assurance: The Worst of Both Worlds. Pinnacol Assurance, a public/private hybrid that serves as workers' compensation carrier of last resort, displayed behavior in 2010 that could be characterized as the worst of both the public and private sectors. From a critical state audit pointing out lax enforcement of staff travel and entertainment expense policies, to revelations of Pebble Beach junkets for members of the state commission designated to oversee Pinnacol and plans for secret private sector-style “golden parachutes,” Pinnacol displayed a pattern of acting like a private company when it comes to spending and oversight, but using its public status to avoid the full regulatory system that applies to private insurers. * “Musings On Water.” Former Congressman Scott McInnis, once considered the front-runner in the 2010 Colorado gubernatorial race, lost the Republican primary after evidence came to light that he submitted plagiarized materials to fulfill a fellowship obligation. The Hasan Family Foundation made it known that they felt they had been misled, and McInnis and the foundation later announced that they had reached a confidential settlement. An Office of Attorney Regulation Counsel investigation into McInnis's conduct is ongoing. * Maes Campaign Funds End Up In Pockets of Candidate and Family. Republican gubernatorial nominee Dan Maes made the wrong kind of headlines by being extremely effective at directing campaign funds to himself and members of his family. Maes received $17,500 in fines for violating Colorado campaign law related to mileage reimbursements to himself, the largest fine in Colorado history resulting from a complaint filed under Colorado's private-party campaign finance enforcement procedure. * “Mr. X” Revealed. Douglas Bruce was the poster child for the all-too-routine flaunting of disclosure requirements in ballot issue elections. When a private citizen filed suit over the lack of disclosure of the funding of Amendments 60 and 61 and Proposition 101, Bruce avoided 30 attempts by El Paso County deputies to serve a routine deposition subpoena. A witness in the eventual disclosure hearing identified Bruce as the “Mr. X” behind the three initiatives. Bruce continued to manipulate the system by dissolving a non-profit tied to the initiatives and Bruce, arguably rendering uncollectible any fine issued for disclosure violations.
Toro said his staff considered, for example, including Attorney General John Suthers, who attended a private fundraiser with representatives of the payday loan industry at the same time his office was reviewing new payday lending regulations. Yet, Suthers responded to complaints by “washing his hands” of the rule-writing process. A deputy attorney general oversaw the writing and rejected industry arguments.
GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Health Organization (WHO) on Thursday launched an ambitious plan for rich countries to sharply reduce tuberculosis infections and serve as a model for harder-hit countries of Africa and Asia, where the disease still thrives.
Although the 33 targeted countries, 21 of them in Europe, have relatively low rates of infection, the disease still kills 10,000 people a year there - predominantly homeless people, migrants, prisoners, drug users, heavy drinkers or people with HIV/AIDS - the WHO said.
It is in these communities that industrialised countries including the United States could pilot approaches to a disease that is both preventable and curable that could then be transferred to poorer countries, Dr. Mario Raviglione, director of the WHO's Global TB Programme, told a news briefing.
The goal is to reduce the infection rate by a factor of 10 to fewer than 10 new TB cases per million people per year by 2035 in each of the 33 countries, and to effectively eliminate it by 2050.
“We are after, really, is finding what we call trailblazers or model countries that would embark in a resolute way on this campaign against tuberculosis, proving that it is indeed possible to get to elimination level,” Raviglione said.
The WHO strategy involves broader screening for both active and latent TB infections in high-risk groups, funding high-quality health services, and investing in new drugs, vaccines and diagnostic tests.
GROWING DRUG RESISTANCE
Common symptoms of TB are coughing with sputum and blood at times, chest pains, weakness, weight loss and fever. But the disease, which is transmitted through the air, can take years to develop, and it is also vital to test as early as possible to determine if a person has a drug-resistant form.
Of the 155,000 annual new cases of tuberculosis in the target countries, about 500 are multi-drug resistant (MDR-TB), caused by an extreme superbug form of the bacterium that does not respond to the most powerful first-line drugs.
But worldwide, China, India and South Africa are among the hardest hit by TB.
The WHO estimates that 8.6 million people developed TB in 2012 and 1.3 million died. Some 450,000 fell ill with dangerous superbug strains in 2012, and up to 2 million people worldwide may be infected with drug-resistant TB by 2015, it says.
Raviglione said that Belarus and parts of Russia had high rates of MDR, which he called a “disaster situation”. Migrants from countries of the former Soviet Union who carry the infection could pose a threat to Western Europe, he added.
Standard treatment for TB usually includes a mix of four antibiotic drugs over a period of six months. MDR-TB can take 18 to 24 months to treat and cost up to $100,000 in rich countries.
But research efforts are already bearing some fruit.
Raviglione said about 12 promising vaccines were being tested, mostly by U.S. or UK companies, and some could be on the market by 2022.
The first new TB treatment in more than 40 years, Johnson & Johnson's bedaquiline, was approved in 2012 for use on drug-resistant TB, and in 2013 the European Medicines Agency recommended granting conditional marketing approval for delamanid, a treatment for MDR being developed by Japan's Otsuka.
(This story corrects 11th paragraph to refer only to parts of Russia and add mention of wider former Soviet Union)
Last night, the former "O'Reilly Factor" host released a 19-minute podcast on his personal website in which he addressed his departure from Fox News.
O'Reilly said little about the episode in his podcast, which he said would soon be developed into a short news program of its own. How do I turn out the lights on such a venerable and such wonderful show?
"I can't say a lot, because there's so much stuff going on right now", he added. "There's a lot of stuff involved here", he continued.
O'Reilly said he can not say more now because he does not want to influence the flow of the information.
In the new lawsuit the employees say they repeatedly complained to network executives about Slater's racist behavior but no action was taken.
The "No Spin News" podcast is now offered for free on O'Reilly's website.
Fox News host Tucker Carlson made his debut in Bill O'Reilly's 8 p.m. time slot on Monday by tipping a proverbial hat to the host who was abruptly fired just a few days earlier. O'Reilly's reported $25 million severance from Fox News presumably precludes him from suing the network, so there is no pending litigation that we know of.
However, O'Reilly said, "no president has ever entered office with as much negative publicity and hatred directed toward him as Donald Trump". Since then, advertisers jumped ship in droves from O'Reilly's highest-rated cable news program.
Advertisers on Carlson's show included Mercedes-Benz, UNTUCKit and Jenny Craig, which had pulled out of the O'Reilly show. For 20 years you have trusted Bill O'Reilly to be straight with you.
O'Reilly was the most-watched personality on cable news, consistently beating rivals for more than a decade, and his exit under a cloud has forced Fox News to shuffle its schedule. "I wish only the best for Fox News Channel", he said in a statement.
After being on vacation in Italy, O'Reilly had been scheduled to return to his Fox News show Monday evening. The show was replaced by "Tucker Carlson's Tonight", which was moving to the time slot Monday.
A zoo trip is usually in our schedule every summer. The kids love it, and it's just a great family outing. Our local zoo is pretty good about keeping up the exhibits and adding fun new things every summer. We've had the chance to see some pretty interesting and unique animals in all of our visits.
However, we've never had the pleasure of seeing a giraffe with a neck quite this long!
We all know that giraffes have pretty long necks, but wow! I've never seen one with a neck this long!
Of course, we know that this is impossible, and it's just a giraffe illusion. It's actually two giraffes in the picture. One of the giraffes is leaning over with its head obscured behind the large rock, and the other giraffe's body is hidden behind the large rock. The resulting giraffe illusion makes it look like it one animal with an insanely long neck, since parts of both animals are hidden.
I'd say that this is a pretty great giraffe illusion! It was perfectly timed, but it makes me wonder if the shot was taken on purpose or if it was just a lucky shot! What do you think?
If you liked this giraffe illusion, you might also like this shadow camel illusion!
John Moses Browning's Auto-5 is back in production, sort of. The newest incarnation of the Auto-5 is the Browning A5. While it has the distinctive Auto-5 “humpback” appearance, inside it is all new. Browning ripped out the nifty long-recoil (recoiling barrel) system and replaced it with a new short-recoil system.
Browning's new short recoil system, named the Kinematic Drive System, is almost identical to the Benelli Inertia recoil system. Paolo Benelli invented the Inertia system in the 80s and was granted a patent for it in 1986 (Patent #4604942), thus preventing any competitors from incorporating it into their designs. I believe Browning is the first second company outside the Benelli/Beretta family of companies1 to produce a shotgun using the Inertia system since the patent expired in 2006.
Browning A5 Stalker
Browning A5 Hunter
A5 Camo in Mossy Oak Break-Up Infinity
Along with a new recoil system, the A5 features Browning's new Invector DS (Double Seal) choke system. The Invector DS chokes have a brass seal at the base to prevent gas and grit from entering the gap between the inside of the barrel and the outside of the choke. I really hate removing, cleaning and retightening choke tubes, so I am hoping it works as advertised (see below):
Invector DS (left), Competitors chokes (Center, Right)
The Browning A5 will be available in 26″, 28″ and 30″ barrel lengths and in wood (A5 Hunter), synthetic (A5 Stalker) and camo (A5 Camo) furniture/finishes. MSRP will range from $1,399 to $1,599.
Sherpa (2015)
Everyone knows that documentaries tell the truth. Well, at least somebody's version of the truth. On the one hand there are participative documentaries like Fahrenheit 9/11 (2004) starring its interventionist director Michael Moore, and on the other hand there are observational documentaries like Sherpa (2015) where the camera is the chief story-teller. Unlike movies, the doco aims for a higher social purpose and in Sherpa it is to show the world how the real glory of climbing Mount Everest belongs to an exploited ethnic group in the mountains of Nepal. As historical gatekeepers for the Himalayas, their existence has depended on risking their lives so that Westerners and others can experience what it feels like “to conquer Everest”.
Australian filmmaker Jennifer Peedom starts out asking why the traditionally friendly Sherpa guides turned aggressive towards tourists in the 2013 climbing season. The widely reported brawl was triggered by a single swear word directed at a Sherpa, igniting tensions that were simmering since Hillary was Knighted for his 1953 ascent while Sherpa Tenzing received lesser credit. In the middle of filming the brawl story, a massive avalanche claimed 16 Sherpa lives. Suddenly it is about the politics of an ethnic group demanding respect, no longer prepared to risk lives for meagre wages from an industry hosting thousands of tourists each year and charging summit climbers $75,000 – $100,000 for the privilege. The camera becomes a witness to tragedy, then grief that turns to anger and political activism. Audiences become judge in a case involving ethnic discrimination and the commercial exploitation of people who have been used as cheap mules. It's a complex dilemma with no easy solutions because the same commercial interests have done much to improve the lives of Sherpas.
The film shows political sensitivity in telling the story from the Sherpa viewpoint. Its great strengths lie in extraordinary cinematography and sound recording under the most chaotic high-altitude conditions a filmmaker can ever experience. The camera works skilfully across the visual pleasures of vast mountain-scapes to angry grief stricken Sherpa faces and frustrated tourist climbers, with a soundtrack of howling wind, crunching ice and hammering stakes that viscerally create a ‘being there' feel. Peedom lets the story tell itself without manipulative editing, and it is highly engaging while being informative about a world that few of us will enter. It is beautifully filmed and teaches much about Sherpa life and their struggle for recognition.
Director: Jennifer Peedom
Writer: Jennifer Peedom
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Thank goodness! It's about time we traded struggling to spread real butter on toast with butter strings.
This is "Easy Butter" from Japan's Metex. In short, you stick a slab of butter in the contraption, turn it, and grate strings of butter. Genius!
Below, you can see that while the weight is the same (8 grams), the stringy butter looks more voluminous as well as easier to spread.
Earlier this year, Japanese site Ketai Watch checked out the contraption. Have a look below.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nothing quite says "breakfast" like a tub of grated butter.
"朝食はパン"派におススメ！ 「イージーバター」[ケータイ Watch]
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter @Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
Kotaku East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Loic Remy has joined Newcastle United on a season-long loan from Queens Park Rangers
By Anthony Marshall - Newcastle United Managing Editor
Loic Remy has joined Newcastle United on a season-long loan from Queens Park Rangers.
The French international striker scored six goals in 14 appearances for the R's last term, having joined them from Marseille at the turn of the year.
Twenty-six-year-old Remy will now ply his trade on Tyneside for the 2013/14 campaign, and said: "I'm very happy to be a Newcastle player.
"It will be a huge honour to play for such a big club. I was very flattered by the Club's interest in me back in January and also very happy that they showed interest in me again this summer.
"The Premier League is the best league in the world and that's where I want to play.
"I am very motivated this year to get into the World Cup squad for my country. I know in order to do that I need to have a big season and a successful campaign with Newcastle United.
"I am focussed on helping the team achieve success this season and scoring as many goals as I can."
Newcastle United's director of football, Joe Kinnear, added: "The need for us to strengthen up front was a priority and I have been working very hard to secure one of our targets in this position.
"I'm delighted to have secured Loic for the season. Now we have him I'm sure he'll be a huge success for us; I know he's hungry for goals and is absolutely committed to helping us achieve success this season."
Manager Alan Pardew said: "Loic is a great player and I'm delighted that Joe has got him on board for us.
"He'll be a great addition to the squad, he gives us strength and pace up front and I'm sure he'll bring plenty of goals.
"It's a big season for Loic, like it is for all our international players ahead of the World Cup, which will only provide extra incentive for him to play at the very top of his game."
For an exclusive first interview with new signing Loic Remy, stay logged on to www.nufc.co.uk throughout the night
The giant panda is now officially no longer an endangered species, with officials announcing over the weekend that it's been downgraded from "Endangered" to "Vulnerable", following a 17 percent increase in population over the past 10 years.
It's an incredible change of fate for a species that was in such dire straits in 2009 that experts were predicting it could become extinct within three generations. Now there are 67 fiercely guarded panda reserves in China, which protect nearly two-thirds of the global population.
"Evidence from a series of range-wide national surveys indicate that the previous population decline has been arrested, and the population has started to increase," the International Union for Conservation of Nature's (IUCN) updated Red List report states.
"The improved status confirms that the Chinese government's efforts to conserve this species are effective."
The IUCN reports that in the decade up to 2014, the global giant panda population has increased by 17 percent, and it's now estimated that there are some 1,864 adults in the wild in China. The estimated number of cubs brings the total to around 2,060.
How did a species that at least one expert said we should give up on just seven years ago make such a promising rebound?
The IUCN cites forest protection and reforestation measures in China as having significantly increased forest cover and the amount of available habitat for the species, allowing them to establish new, more viable populations throughout the countries' unique bamboo forests.
"The recovery of the panda shows that when science, political will, and engagement of local communities come together, we can save wildlife and also improve biodiversity," Marco Lambertini, WWF Director General, said in a press statement.
"When push comes to shove, the Chinese have done a really good job with pandas," John Robinson, a primatologist and chief conservation officer at the Wildlife Conservation Society, told the AFP.
"So few species are actually downlisted, it really is a reflection of the success of conservation."
Let's just bask in the awesomeness of all of this for a second, because downgrading the endangered status of any species like the giant panda is an incredible feat.
One of the biggest challenges in getting panda numbers back up is the fact that they are poor breeders in captivity, and often lose interest in pairing with other pandas in zoos.
They're also voracious eaters.
Unlike cows, which have a four-chambered stomach and a long colon to absorb nutrients from hard-to-digest grass, panda stomachs have only one chamber and a short colon. This means they have to keep eating for close to 14 hours a day, and end up consuming to 12.5 kilograms (27.5 pounds) of bamboo daily, while only digesting around 17 percent of it.
When you think about every adult panda on Earth needing 12.5 kg of bamboo every single day, you realise just how important their habitat is for them.
And that's where the bad news comes in. While the ICUN says the increase in panda populations is definitely something to celebrate, we need to prepare for the fact that it's probably not going to last.
"Although the population is currently increasing, climate change is predicted to eliminate more than 35 percent of the Panda's bamboo habitat in the next 80 years, and thus the Panda population is projected to decline," the report reads.
"The threat of declining bamboo availability due to climate change could, in the near future, reverse the gains made during the last two decades."
It remains to be seen if simply ramping up current conservation efforts will be enough to mitigate the habitat decline that's to come, but researchers are urging everyone not to get complacent now that the population has seen an increase.
As Lo Sze Ping, CEO of WWF China points out: "Everyone should celebrate this achievement, but pandas remain scattered and vulnerable, and much of their habitat is threatened by poorly-planned infrastructure projects. And remember: there are still only 1,864 left in the wild."
Pssst. Michele. You might want to pay your staff before they spill even more of your dirty little secrets.
Pssst. Michele. You might want to pay your staff before they spill even more of your dirty little secrets.
Michelle [sic] Bachmann's high-profile debate coach, Brett O'Donnell, developed an "unnatural" and "Rasputin-like" relationship with his candidate during her failed 2012 presidential campaign, another former aide told BuzzFeed, a charge O'Donnell denies.
Peter Waldron, her controversial former national field coordinator, told Salon the dispute started when former Iowa straw poll staffers refused to sign a nondisclosure agreement that would bar them from discussing any “unethical, immoral, or criminal activity” they witnessed on the campaign with police or reporters. [...] Waldron said the staffers are owed a mere $5,000, and that Bachmann has more than $2 million in her campaign account, but has refused to pay unless the staffers sign the agreement.
"He prohibited her husband, Dr. Marcus Bachmann, from sleeping in the same room with wife while on the campaign trail," Waldron said in an email to BuzzFeed.
Today in why you shouldn't treat your staff badly, then refuse to pay them when they refuse to retroactively agree to aid and abet your potentially criminal activities , we have this juicy little nugget from Andrew Kaczynski at Buzzfeed:The former aide who's keeping us entertained with the trash-talking is Peter Waldron—the same Peter Waldron who's had an awful lot to say lately about his former employer:Of course, that whole refusing-to-pay-staff thing was last week's news. This week, Waldron is regaling us with tales of how easily Bachmann was apparently brainwashed by her debate coach who, Waldron says, had an "unusual power over Mrs. Bachmann." How powerful was he? This powerful:Marcus was no doubt heartbroken about that.
Too bad Michele Bachmann is so busy still trying to repeal Obamacare instead of keeping her former campaign staffers happy. Probably a bad idea to screw them over when they're obviously sitting on a goldmine of gossip—and potentially criminal activities—about the queen of batshit crazy.
Tell the FEC to investigate the alleged crimes of Michele Bachmann's presidential campaign.
The Monckton papers King's true love was prepared 'with the deepest sorrow' to abandon plans for marriage in order to avert abdication
New evidence of how far Wallis Simpson was prepared to sacrifice herself to allow her lover Edward VIII to remain on the throne is revealed in the Monckton papers released yesterday.
A handwritten document signed by the future Duchess of Windsor and which might have changed the course of history says: "With the deepest personal sorrow Wallis Simpson wishes to announce that she has abandoned any intention to marry His Majesty."
Though the document was undated it is assumed to have been written at the height of the abdication crisis in December 1936. It was written in pencil in the handwriting of Lord Brownlow, one of the duchess's courtiers, when they were staying at Lou Viei, her villa in Cannes.
The document was apparently unearthed in 1948 among political papers belonging to the prime minister at the time of the abdication, Stanley Baldwin. They are referred to in correspondence between Walter Monckton, the Duke of Windsor's confidant, and Alan Lascelles, the king's private secretary.
It seems that Mrs Simpson's signed note was never seen by George VI, Edward VIII's successor, or his wife, now the Queen Mother.
Though Mrs Simpson issued a press statement at the time of the abdication referring to her wish to avoid any action that would damage the king, and was willing to "withdraw", the document released yesterday goes much further.
Its existence surprised Lascelles who asked for copies of all Monckton's material on the abdication crisis. Monckton replied: "I will see to it that the abdication material ... is delivered to you for Windsor [home of the royal archives] as soon as it is available."
The prevailing view, however, is that Edward VIII had made up his mind to relinquish the throne to marry the woman he loved. Papers released yesterday show that the future duchess's lawyer - Theodore Goddard - told Downing Street that "his client was ready to do anything to ease the situation but the other end of the wicket [Edward VIII] was determined."
The Monckton papers paint a picture of growing hostility between London and France - where the duke and duchess exiled themselves - and between the two royal brothers. They include a letter sent by the duke to Neville Chamberlain, the prime minister, in 1938 with the former king mentioning he had attached copies of his correspondence with George VI.
This correspondence - along with many other papers - is missing from the Monckton documents. However they give a flavour of the tension between the two men with the duke describing his brother as "stupid and rather impertinent".
The papers also reflect the depth of the duke's resentment at what he regarded as the unfair way in which he was treated, including the rebuff of his repeated attempts to return to Britain.
Yet on the day before the war began - September 3 1939 - when George VI offered to send his personal plane to France to fetch the duke and duchess, the former king responded by saying that unless he could use one of the royal houses they would not return to England.
The British ambassador in Paris noted that the duke had wanted two aeroplanes to take "a maid and of course luggage".
The papers contain a long personal account of the abdication crisis written by Monckton a few months afterwards. Monckton argued that the public could not understand the events of the abdication unless they appreciated two factors.
The first was the "intensity and depth of the king's devotion" to Wallis Simpson. "To him she was the perfect woman. It is a great mistake to assume that he was merely in love with her in an ordinary physical sense of the term. There was an intellectual companionship and there is no doubt that his lonely nature found in her a spiritual comradeship."
Monckton referred to the king's abdication speech on December 11 1936. "When he said in his final broadcast that he could not carry on his task without her by his side, he said what he really meant from his heart."
Monckton believed that the second factor was "much less generally recognised" by the public.
The duke had "remarkable determination, courage, and confidence in his own opinions and decisions." He added: "Once his mind was made up one felt he was like a death adder 'that stoppeth her ears and refuseth to hear the voice of the charmer'."
Monckton believed that in the quandary of his marriage or his throne, "the trouble was that ... his mind was made up for himself long before he knew it." This, Monckton believed, was "the explanation of what must have seemed to many strange and obtuse obstinacy."
Monckton wrote: "For myself I am free to confess that I always underestimated the depth and strength of the king's devotion and of their united will."
Monckton added a later note saying that the duke had told him that he had made up his mind to marry her in 1934, "and from that time onwards, his mind never wavered".
The private papers contain one letter written by the queen, now Queen Mother, to Monckton - an anodyne query in June 1941 about the official work of her brother, David Bowes-Lyons.
The papers show that 11 days after her lover abandoned the throne Wallis Simpson was upset with the model of herself in Madame Tussaud's. She complained to her lawyers: "Is there any way you can have that appalling wax figure of me removed from Madame Tussaud's - it really is too in decent and so awful to be there anyway."
But they found that there was no legal way of forcing Madame Tussaud's to remove the figure.
At the outbreak of war, the duke was given the rank of major general as liaison officer with French forces in Paris. After France was overrun in the summer of 1940, the duke and duchess fled to their villa on the Riviera. They then moved to Spain where the duke responded to flattery from Franco and German diplomats by saying how much he wanted peace. The couple subsequently moved to Portugal where the duke ignored Churchill's instructions to return to Britain. He was finally persuaded to take up a governership of the Bahamas in 1940.
The telegrams exchanged with Hitler
The papers shed no new light on the Duke of Windsor's relationship with the Nazi regime. The duke and duchess had visited Germany as Hitler's personal guest in 1937.
The papers, however, do contain copies of telegrams exchanged between the duke and Hitler shortly before the outbreak of the second world war.
On August 24 1939, the duke wrote of "my entirely personal, simple though very earnest appeal for your utmost influence towards a peaceful solution of the present problems".
Hitler replied saying it depended "upon England whether any wishes for the future development of Anglo-German relations materialises".
German documents referring to the duke and his alleged sympathies with Nazi Germany were published in the 1950s despite fierce opposition from Churchill. An introduction insisted on by the government says: "The duke was subjected to heavy pressure from many quarters to stay in Europe, where the Germans hoped that he would exert his influence against the policy of his majesty's government. His royal highness never wavered in his loyalty to the British cause or in his determination to take up his official post as governor of the Bahamas on the date agreed."
REUTERS/Benoit Tessier PARIS (Reuters) - As a young aide to then-French prime minister Lionel Jospin in the late 1990s, Manuel Valls sat in on meetings as Britain's Tony Blair and Germany's Gerhard Schroeder tried to persuade his boss to help them reinvent Europe's Left.
Jospin, who at the time was readying the 35-hour work week long dreamed of by French Socialists, was impressed neither by Blair's "Third Way" nor Schroeder's "New Centre". But the talks made a deep mark on Valls, who 16 years later has become premier himself.
"Valls got it," said Denis MacShane, a former British Europe minister and Blair ally who during that period struck up a lasting acquaintance with Valls.
"But he also knew that if you stuck your neck out as a reformer, the French Socialist Party had a very well-oiled guillotine at the ready."
Valls, who makes no secret of his presidential ambitions, has now put his neck firmly on the line. He told the change-resistant Socialist Party last week that it must reform or die, and even toyed in public with the idea of changing its name.
Moreover he took aim at hallowed articles of Socialist faith, suggesting France's lengthy unemployment benefits and protective labor contracts could be revamped -- echoing the type of reforms already long accepted by German and British leftists.
It all comes at a watershed moment, both for the party and for France. The Socialists are in power for the first time in a decade, and the rest of Europe is increasingly alarmed that, after two years in the Elysee Palace, Francois Hollande and his allies have done little to revive the region's second largest economy.
For some in the party, Valls has declared war. If that is the case, the outcome could shape French economic policy over the next three years and determine whether the Socialists are real contenders at the next presidential election in 2017.
"Manuel Valls is going for a confrontation," said Christian Paul, one of the leaders of a group of rebel Socialist lawmakers seeking to resist what they see as Valls' lurch to the right.
"It is very Darwinian -- I'm not sure who is going to survive in the end," he said in one of a series of interviews conducted by Reuters with senior Socialist officials.
"TEACHERS' PARTY"
One by one, Europe's main leftist parties have moved away from their Marxist roots: Germany's Social Democrats in 1959, Spain's Socialist Workers' Party in 1979 and Britain's Labour Party in 1995. Italy's post-communist left changed both name and ideology to become a centre-left party of government.
The French Socialists followed suit in 2008 with a little-remembered tract recognising the market economy. But in a country where the seating arrangements of the post-revolution 1789 national assembly gave world politics the terms "left" and "right", Socialists have yet to fully reconcile with capitalism.
While its German and British counterparts have histories dating back over a century, France's Parti socialiste (PS) was only founded in 1971. It has no firm claim to a working class vote that was once the preserve of the Communists but is now increasingly targeted by the far-right National Front.
With a small majority of French consistently identifying themselves with the Right, it has always been tough for the PS to win power and keep it. Sometimes derided as the "teachers' party", it faces competition for the left-wing vote from a mixed bag of anti-globalisation campaigners, ecologists and others.
Before Hollande, Francois Mitterrand was France's only modern-day Socialist president, and he spent much of his time in power from 1981 to 1995 in awkward power-sharing pacts with rivals, and uneasy alliances with Communists and other hard-left groups.
After a decade of conservative prime ministers from 2002, the return to government has again been tough for the Socialists. Alongside routs in mid-term city hall and European Parliament elections this year, thousands of members have quit the party amid disillusionment among left-wingers.
"In 10 years of opposition, the PS did not do the homework needed to prepare itself for government," Valls complained to a small briefing of foreign journalists in his office last month. "We need a Left that is reliable."
Outside observers might ask how serious Valls is, given that his government has just reneged on its latest promises to bring France's public deficit within EU limits and is under pressure from European partners to do more to revamp the French economy.
But that ignores the fact that it is precisely these two issues that are now threatening to blow the party apart.
"The fact that the Left has gone all out to subjugate all other policy goals to austerity is dangerous, pointless and absurd," said former economy minister Arnaud Montebourg, whom Valls fired along with two other rebel ministers in September.
"We have to realize that ordinary people cannot pay the bill for the crisis; they're the ones who make the economy work."
RISK OF SCHISM
The comment points to the main fault-line in the dispute between the Hollande-Valls duo and party critics who reject the president's conversion this year to supply-side policies aimed at restoring corporate margins while limiting public spending.
While acknowledging the need to rein in borrowing at some point, they argue that, with unemployment rooted at 10 percent and economic growth below 1.0 percent, to pursue deficit cuts now is to betray the left-wing principle of helping the needy.
Moreover, the repeated hints Valls is dropping about the need to free up France's heavily regulated labor market take aim at some of the proudest achievements of the French Left.
"This is a question of social justice," said Paul, the legislator. "Let's not underestimate the points of discord."
For now, Valls' line is holding -- just. A first component of the 2015 budget passed through parliament last week, but only narrowly, as 39 Socialists chose to abstain. With EU authorities yet to pronounce on the draft, the government line is that it can make no more savings, but will push through those it has pinpointed.
"We won't back down because of 30 or so deputies," Valls said. "We are pushing ahead; I believe the budget will pass."
There will be plenty of similar stand-offs in coming weeks on next year's welfare budget and planned changes to labor representation rules aimed at reducing charges for business.
But the most explosive clashes could come next year as the party gears up to determine who will get its ticket to run as president in 2017, and on what set of policies.
Whether the 52-year-old Valls decides to throw in his hat or bide his time depends largely on the fortunes of Hollande, who will need to produce a rapid turnaround in his record-low poll ratings of around 13 percent to bid seriously for a second term.
Possible rivals include Montebourg, a loose cannon who nonetheless came third in PS primaries for the 2012 election; and Martine Aubry, a former minister under Jospin who deflects talk of presidential ambitions but last week made a pitch for what she called a program of "new social democracy".
From his office at Socialist headquarters on the Left Bank of the River Seine, party chief Jean-Christophe Cambadelis argues that the real divisions between the main protagonists are narrower than they would have their audiences believe.
But he concedes that the party can ill afford a damaging public row, and risk seeing once again its candidate knocked out of the run-off for president by the anti-immigrant National Front, as Jospin was in 2002.
"A shock like that could trigger deep disputes in the PS, right up to a schism," he warned. "I don't want to have to be one who turns out the lights here."
(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Pineau and Brian Love; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
Honda spent last week's running at Sepang trying to get on top of its new-configuration engine, a process that was not aided by electronics gremlins.
Its riders spent time comparing the engine tested at the end of 2016 and a new variant, and Honda has a decision to make on whether it persists with the latter.
Reigning world champion Marc Marquez finished the test third overall, and while Honda is better-placed than it was 12 months ago when the control ECU was introduced, Crutchlow concedes it is still not ideally-positioned.
"I did a long day on the newer-spec engine [on Wednesday] and it was quite positive," Crutchlow, who finished the test ninth-fastest, said.
"It was more positive than [on Tuesday], we were probably able to learn how to ride the bike. We, Marc and Dani [Pedrosa] made a not-too-bad jump in the laptimes and our rhythm is quite good.
"We are happy enough for the moment but we have a lot of work to do there is no doubt about that and I still think we are quite on the back foot.
"But we know this and our team and Honda knows this, so I think we are all quite pleasantly surprised and pleased.
"I think the next test will be more difficult it will be not so easy to get parts or do anything before that, it will be more towards Qatar."
Testing continues at Phillip Island with three days from February 15, before the final session and season opener in Qatar next month.
Having battled engine-braking difficulties, Crutchlow said an end-of-test switch back to the old engine for comparison purposes highlighted difference in specifications.
"We had quite a lot of problems with the engine brake and the bike not being able to stop, losing at least three tenths in that area alone," he said.
"Even compared to Marc and Dani they have a little something different to be able to do that so we are quite pleased where we ended up.
"I changed back to our old one at the end of the [Wednesday] and it was difficult to switch your head back to riding something different because there is a so different characteristic and finding your way. I still have a good way to go with that.
"It's pleasing that we saw Dani and Marc also competitive and we are happy enough with what we've got and what we tried."
Additional reporting by Scherazade Mulia Saraswati
Winner
Affordable Housing Advocates
Proponents of affordable housing opportunities in the state notched a preliminary victory by landing a spot in the Governor's's budget. Now they need to make it through the General Assembly — and garner approval from voters in November.
Said the Housing Network of RI following Raimondo's budget address:
The Housing Network of Rhode Island and its membership of sixteen nonprofit affordable housing developers wish to thank Governor Raimondo for recognizing the importance of state investment in housing opportunities for low and moderate income Rhode Islanders. As we all work together to reinvigorate the state's economy, affordable housing development plays a critical role in our state's recovery plan. Governor Raimondo's inclusion of an affordable housing bond in her FY 17 budget will not only stimulate the creation of new housing and boost economic growth by creating jobs in the construction, retail and service industries, but will also bring substantial additional outside financial resources into our state.
Data shows that many Rhode Island households continue to struggle to find housing options that are affordable to them. According to HousingWorks RI, two in every five Rhode Island households are cost burdened, spending more than thirty percent of their income on housing. Governor Raimondo's inclusion of an affordable housing bond recognizes this need and is a notable step towards addressing a major need of working class Rhode Islanders. We commend Governor Raimondo's efforts and are grateful for her leadership on such an important issue.
So, You Want More Christianity In Our Politics? Let's Start By Helping The Poor
Share On FacebookTweet Post
Nothing quite goes in one ear and out the other for me as quickly as a politician proclaiming their love of Christianity, and how religious and pious they are. I mean, I could try to care less, I suppose, but it wouldn't be a small feat. Likewise, I can't think of much that is less of an indicator of potential job performance than what a politician thinks about religion.
I'm agnostic; I believe in God, but I don't claim to know who or what God is or what God's accomplished. One thing I do know is that organized religion makes me sick to my stomach, and I don't see myself ever belonging to a specific faith. Having said that, I honestly couldn't care any less what religion someone else belongs to. What you believe is your business, so long as you don't try to make it mine. Or, as one famous Internet meme posits, religion is like a penis: It's fine to have one, and you can be as proud of it as you like, but please don't try to force it on me.
Is Barack Obama a Christian? A Muslim? An Atheist? Who cares. That's his private, personal business, and it in no way affects his job performance, not even in some teensy-tiny way. I'm sure it affects him as an individual. I hope that he weighs the morality of the decisions he makes behind the Resolute Desk, and if he's a person of faith, albeit Christianity or some other religion, then surely that offers him some solace and helps put things into perspective.
But I absolutely do not want a politician to make decisions based solely on their religious views. That's how we end up with towns that outlaw dancing, leaving our fate in the hands of a vigilante Kevin Bacon, who might rescue us from such a draconian hell, so long as he doesn't get lost in some random factory along the way of course. As much as I admire Kevin Bacon (I can link to him in two degrees!), I think we'd be better off just leaving the religion out of it.
Of course, I don't run the world, which is probably a good thing. I mean, yes, everyone would have all of next week off from work — Fallout 4 is going to be one hell of a great game, I reckon — but the phrase “we don't have Coke, is Pepsi okay?” would be punishable by public flogging. So yeah, never give me too much authority, folks. Anyway, that means I don't really have a say in whether Americans consider a person's piety when they head to the polls. If a majority of voters care about how religious a candidate is, I suppose that's that.
What I can ask, or even insist, however, is that those people who do care about a candidate's Christianity go all-in. If you're going to elect the most Christian of all the candidates, can we at least try and elect the most legitimately Christian of said candidates? Because newsflash, America: with George W. Bush, Ted Cruz, Rick Perry, Scott Walker, Michele Bachmann, and so many others, you've been doing it wrong.
I've always been under the impression that Christians are meant to be loving, compassionate, open-minded, and above all else, generous; those are supposedly the hallmarks of Christianity, or so I've always been told. But that's typically the opposite of what Christian-conservatives espouse. They hate homosexuality and treat transgenderism with varying degrees of disdain. They want to ban abortion no matter what circumstances led to the pregnancy. And when Jesus said “give everything you possibly can to help the poor and put yourself out for your neighbor,” they somehow heard “screw the poor! They don't deserve my help!”
The government does a great deal to help America's poor, and it does so in such a way that the charity is guaranteed, regulated, and generally assured. True Christians should be grateful for all that the government does to help those in need, and should demand that programs like SNAP, WIC, and Medicaid be expanded, to offer better services to more Americans. Conservative Christians should also insist that we minimize the bureaucracy and whatever little corruption exists, all in a way that continues to enhance those services and the deliveries thereof.
Meanwhile, they should demand we reduce other expenses to continue helping those in need. Reduce wasteful military R&D spending and close whatever overseas bases we can, and apply those funds to the VA. Close corporate loopholes and raise taxes on America's billionaires; Christianity instructs followers to help the needy at the expense of the wealthy, not the other way around. End the needless drug war and halt correctional profiteering completely.
And remember how Jesus cured the sick, and never once asked for proof of insurance, or demanded a copay? I think it's safe to say Jesus would want — no, he'd demand — universal healthcare for every American, without condition or contest. I don't mean the Obamacare “buy insurance or else” mandate, but something more akin to what Bernie Sanders is proposing; a proper single-payer system, where an American can go to the hospital and get cured without needing to fill out dozens of forms first.
Christians shouldn't care how much that program costs, either, so long as it's helping people and keeping Americans alive and healthy, though economists do say Sanders' plan would save $5 trillion immediately and around $42 trillion throughout the next decade. Not many presidential candidates can argue they'll save the US economy that much money, but I digress.
If America really were a “Christian nation,” and if our politicians really did love Jesus as much as they attempt to profess, we'd be waging a serious war on poverty. Education would be flourishing. Americans would be healthy, and no citizen would fear bankruptcy due to illness or accident. Christianity wouldn't just be a buzzword… America would be Christian in practice, and not what it is today: CINO, or “Christian In Name Only.”
But again, I couldn't really care less whether a politician is religious or not. I'd vote for a Christian just as easily as I'd vote for a Jew, or an atheist, or a Muslim, or a Buddhist, or whoever else, so long as their ideas seem promising and I believe they're honest enough to try and deliver on some majority of them. But if you care about a politician's Christianity, if you insist they belong to one faith or sect or another, then please, quite literally for the love of God, pick the candidate who lives by what the Bible actually says… not by those parts of the Bible you decide to cherry-pick. Because the rest of us? We need to live in this country, too.
Featured image by Ben_Kerckx, courtesy of Pixabay.
Shepherd's pie is savory meat pie with a crust of mashed potato. This simple and tasty dish originated in Ireland.It's a well known stereotype that the inhabitants of the Emerald Isle are all a bunch of lushes. True or not, it occurred to me to honor this distinction by beerifying the popular Irish dish.I used beer in both the cooking of the potatoes and the beef mixture. The result is subtle and delicious.I used a bottle of home brewed brown ale. Experiment and use what you like.1 1/2 Lbs Lean Ground Round Beef1 Onion, Minced2 Cups Frozen Mixed Vegetables (Carrots, Corn, Peas, Green Beans)8 Tablespoons Butter1 12-Oz Bottle Beer1 Teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce3 Large Russet Potatoes4 Oz Sharp Cheddar Cheese4 Oz Light Cream or Half-n-HalfFresh Ground PepperPeel the potatoes and cut into large chunks. Place in a large saucepan. Sprinkle liberally with salt. Pour 1 cup of the beer over the potatoes and then add water until the potatoes are covered in liquid. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and cook until soft; about 20 minutes.While the potatoes are cooking, melt 4 tablespoons butter in large frying pan over medium heat. Add the minced onions to the melted butter and season with Tony Chachere's. Sauté onions until translucent.Add ground beef and sauté until no longer pink. When meat is thoroughly browned add the frozen vegetables. Add Worcestershire sauce and the remaining 1/2 cup of beer. Cook, uncovered, over low heat for 10 minutes.Drain the potatoes and mash with the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, cheddar cheese, and cream. Stir in a grind or two of fresh ground pepper. Adjust seasoning according to taste.Place beef mixture in a baking dish or dutch oven. Spread the mashed potatoes on top.Bake in a 400° Fahrenheit oven for 30 minutes or until the potatoes are nicely browned.
Mythbusters co-stars Tory Belleci and Grant Imahara were inside Terminal 3 when a gunman open fired Friday at Los Angeles International Airport. Their live tweets represented some of the first reporting from the scene. Held separately by law enforcement in two different areas of LAX, Entertainment Weekly spoke to each by phone while they were huddled with other travelers waiting to be released. The Discovery Channel co-stars were on their way to Science Channel's annual “Pumpkin Chunkin” event in Delaware when the shooting took place.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: How are you doing at this point and where are you?
TORY BELLECI: I'm a little shaken up. We're held up in a neighboring terminal. They're keeping us here. They're asking for eyewitnesses to talk to the police. They won't let us out until everything is secured.
What was the very first thing that happened when you knew something was wrong?
BELLECI: We were sitting at Gate 33, right around corner of gate 36. All of a sudden we heard gunshot. We were trapped at Gate 33. The doors were locked. Everybody was freaking out. People were running, hiding, jumping over other people. It was complete panic. Somebody finally opened up the door [to outside] and everybody jammed out the door onto the tarmac and everybody took cover.
From your experiences on the show, you presumably recognized that you were hearing gunshots pretty quickly.
BELLECI: The last thing you expect to hear in an airport is a gunshot. It was like, “Oh my God, there's a shooter!”
So at Gate 33 there was basically no where to run?
BELLECI: Yes. Everybody was running from where he was to where we were. We were trapped, there was no where to go.
You said people freaked out. What were some of the reactions you saw?
BELLECI: It was like my worst nightmare. You hear about these situations on the news, but to actually see it — to see people running, leaving stuff behind, crawling over each other, crying. You always wonder how you'll respond. There was this one woman who was bawling on the tarmac, she was separated from her mom who was in a wheelchair and we tried to calm her down.
How long was it from the time the shooting started until they opened the doors?
BELLECI: It probably was a lot shorter than it felt. It felt like an eternity, but was probably just matter of minutes.
How long were you on the tarmac?
BELLECI: We stayed out on tarmac for like 10 minutes before the shuttle buses came. Now we've been in the holding area the last four hours. It sounds like they're letting us out now.
Anything else about what happened you can tell us?
BELLECI: I'm just trying to figure out how he was able to get that weapon that far into the airport. That's what boggles my mind. You spend so much time going through security. It boggles the mind that somebody could get a rifle through the airport. And also, my thoughts and prayers are with the people affected by this whole incident.
Grant, are you with Tory right now?
GRANT IMAHARA:No I was upstairs in the Virgin Lounge when this all happened. So I didn't really see anything. I was waiting for my flight which was delayed, sitting there listening to music. Then bunch of people started getting up and going to the window. I saw people streaming down the jet bridge and streaming out from other places. Then I saw like half a dozen uniformed TSA people running down the tarmac and there were police everywhere. Shortly after that I heard multiple shots fired from what sounded like was inside the terminal. So, wow.
What happened next?
IMAHARA: At that point they locked up the Virgin Lounge. We didn't really know what happened. About 10 minutes later officers — either LAPD or airport police — carrying automatic weapons came in, saying everybody get out your IDs. Another 15-20 minutes they said everybody has to get out. They took us down the back stairs, down toward the area where everything happened. There were seas of police officers around. I'm fairly certainly i saw what the weapon was on the ground.
An isolated weapon on the ground? What kind of weapon?
IMAHARA: It appeared to be a rifle. They were standing around it. It might have been nothing, but I'm pretty sure that's what it was. I tweeted a picture of it [below]. They moved us in groups with armed officers all around us. There's a large FBI and Homeland presence and I've seen uniforms from every local police force — Newport, Hermosa, Hawthorne, Torrance — everybody's here.
Were you in communication with Tory during all this?
IMAHARA No. We were just reading each other's tweets. I wasn't in direct contact. A lot of people saying we were beating the local news. One of the creepiest things was how quiet the airport was. It was like the whole airport held its breath for what seemed like an hour. Then it seemed to exhale. They had us go through a security line. It was the most orderly security line ever.
Look at this picture a little closer. Something on the ground. pic.twitter.com/H2nNrkQEES — Grant Imahara (@grantimahara) November 1, 2013
Just released from the secured holding area. Sighs of relief. This day doesn't seem real. #LAXShooting pic.twitter.com/2WQwHB2P6j — Tory Belleci (@ToryBelleci) November 1, 2013
RELATED: LAX shooting: Celebs live tweet from scene
Following a day of drama involving the Chair of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, who has been under constant onslaught by Democrats ever since his disclosure last week that Trump had indeed been the object of surveillance, and whose Democrat peer at the Intel panel, Adam Schiff, on Monday night called for Nunes to recuse himself, moments ago Trump waded into the news cycle when he asked on Twitter why the House Intelligence Committee is not investigating the Clintons for various ties of their own to Russia. He then slammed the ongoing anti-Russian witch hunt, saying "the Russia story is a hoax."
“Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech, money to Bill, the Hillary Russian ‘reset,' praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!” Trump wrote in two tweets Monday night.
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017
Trump's rhetorical questions come amid a news cycle which as discussed on various occasions today has focused on the Republican chair of the Intel Committee, Nunes, who is under fire for briefing Trump about classified material he reviewed last week without sharing the information with committee Democrats. On Monday it was revealed that Nunes had secretly visited the White House grounds one day before announcing incidental surveillance of President Trump's transition team. His visit raised questions about whether the White House could have been been the source of the intelligence Nunes reviewed.
Democratic lawmakers have now called on Nunes to recuse himself from the committee's probe into Russia's interference in the United States presidential election. Nunes on Monday evening said the chairman would not step aside from the investigation.
The republican lawmaker has claimed that his findings had no relevance to the Russia probe, even as the committee examines the unmasking and leaking of surveillance information as part of that investigation.
* * *
In a follow-up tweet, Trump took another stab at the House Freedom Caucus, who he said snatched "defeat from the jaws of victory" - following Friday's failure to repeal and replace plan for ObamaCare. That followed a Sunday tweet in which he said the conservative House Freedom Caucus, along with the Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America, had “saved” Planned Parenthood and ObamaCare.
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017
Finally, Trump brought it full circle, touching on Friday's failure to repeal Obamacare, saying "the Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape!
Shedd Aquarium's dolphin calf Kukdlaa is celebrating his first birthday Tuesday with positive results from a physical checkup. And with cake, of course.
Several days after passing a milestone medical exam conducted by 13 Shedd employees, Kukdlaa got to mark the occasion with some “cake” prepared by Shedd's staff: A 10-inch, yellow plastic toy resembling a cheese wheel filled with jello molds to make it look like a birthday cake.
“The results show that he's a healthy 1-year-old calf,” said Maris Muzzy, Shedd's supervisor of marine mammals. “He's a perfect little dolphin.”
With Kukdlaa, Shedd houses seven Pacific white-sided dolphins, making it home to nearly half of the 17 Pacific white-sided dolphins currently living in accredited facilities in North America. The aquarium says it provides information on dolphin husbandry and maternal care that is applied worldwide.
On April 18, 2016, Katrl, a first-time mother, gave birth to Kukdlaa, who was 3 feet long and weighed about 25 pounds. A year later, Kukdlaa is now 5 feet, 10 inches long and weighs 161 pounds.
Like with a human baby, the first few days of a dolphin's life are critical, Muzzy said. Shedd staff watched carefully last year as Kukdlaa took his first breath, bonded with his mother, began nursing and learned how to go to the bathroom.
“I have to admit that the first couple of days when they're first learning to do everything is a nail-biter,” Muzzy said. “It's very stressful.”
One of the first skills a calf needs to learn is how to position itself in its mother's slip stream, the hydrodynamic wake that forms as she swims. This position, which allows the baby dolphin to move throughout the water without using much energy, is also required for nursing.
“The mom can be swimming really, really fast, and the calf can be doing absolutely nothing but making small adjustments with his body to stay in the slip stream,” Muzzy said.
Katrl, the calf's mother, bonded with him immediately, Muzzy said.
“She's still very attentive to him,” she said. “If he moves out of her sight, she goes to see where he went and what he's doing. But at a year of age, he is starting to become a little more independent.”
Dolphins start eating fish at 2 to 6 months old. At Shedd, as their appetite picks up, dolphins begin formal training with other animals, which Kukdlaa gets very excited about, Muzzy said.
It's likely the calf wasn't as eager to undergo his 1-year checkup last week, when 13 members of Shedd's Marine Mammals and Animal Health teams worked together to draw blood, monitor vitals by conducting an ultrasound, measure his weight and length and check for cuts, abrasions or other abnormalities.
But Muzzy said Shedd's staff spent weeks preparing for the physical exam to ensure it went smoothly. Trainers had also spent the past six months interacting with Kukdlaa to make the checkup less intimidating.
“We've been working on him getting used to the trainers holding him gently so that when it comes time for him to be moved into the stretcher [to be weighed], he's used to that type of restraint,” Muzzy said.
With a successful first year behind him, Kukdlaa's next steps are weaning from his mother and boosting his diet to 10 pounds of fish daily.
He's already spending more time with other animals, including his two half-brothers, Makoa, 2, and Sagu, 5.
“It seems to be more of a difficult thing for the mother than for the calf,” Muzzy said about the weaning process. “The calves are pretty good about taking off and going to explore their environment and hanging out with other dolphins. Whereas the mother will sometimes be chasing them down.”
Follow Alex Ruppenthal on Twitter: @arupp
Related stories:
Shedd Aquarium Wants You to #SheddTheStraw for Earth Day
April 12: With an eye toward Earth Day, Shedd Aquarium has launched a campaign encouraging people to switch from single-use plastic straws to reusable or biodegradable alternatives.
Shedd Aquarium Celebrates Dolphin Awareness Month
March 29: What is it like to touch and work with dolphins? One Shedd trainer said they feel firm, smooth and a little colder than you might expect, according to the aquarium's dolphin fact list.
Pacific White-Sided Dolphin Gives Birth at Shedd Aquarium
April 19, 2016: Shedd Aquarium staff are watching a 28-year-old female Pacific white-sided dolphin and her newborn calf around the clock during what they call "a very crucial time."
@JaxonH The eternal flaw here is that you're still outwardly/visibly thinking and acting on behalf of the corporations. You are literally in this comments section doing the job of some corporate lackey and consciously or subconsciously affecting the mindset of everyone else in here too, guiding it towards thinking and acting on behalf of corporations rather than on behalf of the people. And that's where you are doing far more harm for the people than good—and you REALLY should be concerned with what's best for people over what's best for corporations—whether you are able to understand this or not.
Let me try to get you to get it:
https://youtu.be/KMNZXV7jOG0?t=6031 (watch from 1:40:31)
If you think on behalf of the corporations you will see no issue with what happened in that clip because technically these corporations were acting in their own best interests and within the law (although really stretching/abusing it), just like Microsoft above. If you think on behalf of the people you will understand there's such a huge issue with what these corporations did that it's utterly beyond absurd it could ever even have come to this, because it's really not as simple as just doing what keeps the other corporations happy and avoiding any messy business dealings, and it's totally irrelevant that the people responded by breaking the "law" to get back their rights and freedoms, in this case rights and freedoms that really should be theirs by default and basically protected by God almighty from on high.
Now, you may not grasp that what is happening with Microsoft and the people's right(s) to create and distribute perfectly legal emulators is basically the same as the example in the video above, but it is, just in a less obvious way and in the particular area of the gaming/entertainment—but the consequences and outcomes of Microsoft being allowed to bend the law like this to serve its best interests above the people's reaches far beyond just gaming/entertainment. And you're serving the corporations, and encouraging everyone in here to think and act similarly, is at the very root of many of the biggest and ever-growing issues in our modern so called "civilised" society. It all leads to the same eventual outcome, which is corporations dictating the law in ways that absolutely are not best for the people—and these corporations are slowly but surely writing and re-writing all law, beyond just gaming/entertainment—instead of the law serving the best interests of the people.
So again, you fight for the corporations—it's there clear as day to see in your very words and actions—and me, "I fight for the users."
But, one more time, I'm literally wasting my breath explaining this.
Georgia's secondary has seen its fair share of attrition since last season, but it will be forced to withstand another departure from a UGA defensive back.
In an email from the university, the school announced that Brendan Langley will transfer away from the program.
9:45 p.m. email from UGA: DB/WR Brendan Langley is transferring. — Marc Weiszer (@marcweiszer) December 2, 2014
“Brendan came to me and expressed an interest in moving to another institution that may provide more playing opportunity,” head coach Mark Richt said in a statement. “I told him I understood and wish him nothing but the best.”
Langely was a class of 2013 four-star recruit for the Bulldogs, but it's been that recruiting class, especially within the secondary, that's been hit hard with early departures. According to Marc Weiszer of OnlineAthens.com, Langely is the fifth defensive back from the 2013 recruiting class to leave the school.
He originally came into Georgia as a defensive back, but switched over to wide receiver during spring practice in an effort to receive more playing time. Langely made the transition back to the secondary midway through the 2014 season.
In his career with the Bulldogs, Langely recorded just 16 tackles.
CLOSE Two additional plaintiffs are joining a lawsuit alleging "hostile racial discrimination" at Fox News. Nathan Rousseau Smith (@fantasticmrnate) has the story. Buzz60
Pedestrians walk by the Fox television studios, where a poster of Bill O'Reilly has been removed, April 20, 2017, in New York. Fox dismissed O'Reilly the previous day. (Photo11: Richard Drew, AP)
A racial discrimination suit against Fox News Network expanded Monday as the network shuffled executive ranks to get beyond a damaging sexual harassment crisis.
Two additional plaintiffs are joining a suit initially filed six weeks ago in the Bronx Supreme Court in New York against multiple parties, including the network, parent company 21st Century Fox, Fox News and Fox Business Executive Vice President Dianne Brandi, and Judith Slater, a former senior vice president and company controller.
The suit, which now includes 13 former and current Fox employees, alleges the network engaged in "systemic discrimination based on race, ethnicity and national origin." The newest plaintiffs, Elizabeth Fernandez and Claudine McLeod, both worked in the accounts payable department, which Fernandez departed in 2014 and where McLeod continues to work.
The suit expands as Fox News looks to rebound from an advertiser boycott that led to Fox's April 19 dismissal of its star host Bill O'Reilly after reports of harassment allegations made against him. Last week network co-head Bill Shine, who had been mentioned in several lawsuits filed against Fox News for allowing a workplace culture in which sexual harassment and racial discrimination could develop, resigned.
On Monday, 21st Century Fox Chairman Rupert Murdoch announced that Marianne Gambelli would become Fox News' president of advertising sales. Previously the chief investment officer at Horizon Media, Gambelli spent 22 years at NBC, most recently as NBCUniversal's president of sales and marketing.
The appointment follows a shake-up in upper management. At the time of Shine's departure, Murdoch promoted Suzanne Scott and Jay Wallace, who both joined Fox News in 1996, as division heads -- Scott of programming, Wallace of news. Jack Abernethy remains network co-president. He was named as co-president with Shine in August 2016, a month after Roger Ailes stepped down as CEO in the wake of accusations of sexual harassment and discrimination.
Last week, Amy Listerman became chief financial officer, a post she had held at Scripps Networks Interactive.
Fox says O'Reilly's on-air replacement Tucker Carlson has managed to eliminate the crisis in the 8 p.m. ET hour. All of the commercial breaks have been restored for Tucker Carlson Tonight, Fox says, and all advertisers that left the hour have returned.
The racial discrimination suit, however, has continued to expand.
Two weeks ago, two-time Emmy Award winning and former co-host of Fox and Friends Kelly Wright joined the suit. Wright, who has been at Fox for 15 years, said in the suit, "because he is Black ... has been effectively sidelined and asked to perform the role of a 'Jim Crow' – the racist caricature of a Black entertainer."
Fernandez and McLeod allege they were "subjected to numerous discriminatory comments and conduct by (the former controller) Slater." Fernandez, who is Hispanic, said in the suit that when she was pregnant with her first son, Slater, during a meeting, asked "if she knew the sex of the baby and if she planned on having more kids because 'Latinas like having a ton of kids'."
McLeod, who is Panamanian and black, charges Slater with telling her “You people are high maintenance” in regards to health insurance costs and drive "up everyone's ... premiums."
Fox fired Slater on Feb. 28. “Fox News terminated Judy Slater before a single lawsuit or any amended complaint was filed,” the network said in a statement Monday.
Slater's attorney, Catherine Foti, said in a statement: “These are simply more baseless allegations.”
Read more:
Follow USA TODAY reporter Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2pp07WN
Conflict with law enforcement has fueled coverage of the Occupy movement over the past seven weeks. However, Occupy Atlanta, which was evicted from its main encampment in late October, has now set up a new encampment outside of a police officer's home in an attempt to help him and his family avoid foreclosure:
Last week, Tawanna Rorey's husband, a police officer based in Gwinnett County, e-mailed Occupy Atlanta to explain that his home was going to be foreclosed on and his family was in danger of being evicted on Monday. So within a few hours Occupy Atlanta developed an action plan to move to Snellville, Georgia on Monday to stop the foreclosure. At least two dozen protesters encamped on the family's lawn, to the applause of neighbors and bystanders [...]
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution has more:
"This family is the perfect example of the fraud going on in the mortgage and banking industries," said Latron Price, one of Occupy Atlanta's organizers. "We plan to shed light on the foreclosure issue and we look to make a stand here."[...] "What I envision is a model of protest coming out of this," [Occupy Atlanta protester Tim] Franzen said. "We plan to develop an occupy community in this neighborhood and maybe create something that can be duplicated nationally."
This model of protest can be replicated and it can succeed. In late September, Occupy LA helped a family keep their home in this way. Even before the Occupy movement, a few families were able to use occupation-style protests to fight off foreclosure.
Nothing breeds success like success, so if Occupy Atlanta is able to help the the Roreys keep their home, expect more encampments to follow their example in the near future.
Browse > Home Travel News / Travelers Should Help Free Rice and Kiva
Travelers Should Help Free Rice and Kiva
Free Rice and Kiva are two non-profit websites that are a perfect fit for travelers. Travelers usually return from their wandering with a yearning to give back. Each website takes a different approach to helping people escape poverty.
Free Rice aims to provide free education to all along with free rice for the hungry. Their method is gratis and educational for the donor. It consists of website visitors answering a series of multiple-choice questions in a variety of subjects. The topics that are most relevant to travelers include identifying countries on a map, naming world capitals, and learning foreign languages (Spanish, Italian, German, French, English). For each answer you get right, Free Rice donates 10 grains of rice through the United Nations World Food Program.
That's it. You learn. They eat.
Free Rice Website
Kiva takes a different approach. They match individuals who are willing to give very small loans (micro-loans) to local entrepreneurs in developing countries. The lender can select the country and specific entrepreneur who they'd like to help. Supporters will also receive e-mail updates about their enterpriser's progress along with an ability to track repayment of the loan. This is an ideal avenue for those who want to spark initiative and hard work.
Kiva Website
As travelers, we benefit from wandering the globe. We learn new customs, meet life-long friends, and take advantage of the buying power of Western currency. Free Rice is an opportunity to continue learning about the world around us, and Kiva is a chance to use that almighty currency to give back. Take a serious look at each website. Help make a difference.
___________________________________________________________________________________
Gennaro Salamone is the founder and editor of Enduring Wanderlust. Feel free to contact him with questions, comments, or inquiries with reference to contributing a travel article or photograph for publication.
Receive our free content by e-mail directly to your inbox or through an RSS reader.
The newest in a line of seasonal limited edition Pepsi flavors has been announced by Japanese distributor Suntory. Set to debut on 24 July is the red-colored Pepsi: Salty Watermelon. Hopefully this is as awesome as Pepsi: Pink was.
But after reading the announcement I had to do a double-take. The watermelon's salty?
Asking a friend she confirmed that yes some people in parts of Japan put salt on watermelon to enhance the sweetness. Simultaneously intrigued and mildly put off, a quick Google check further blew my mind. Not only Japan, but in certain pockets all over the world people are sprinkling salt on their watermelon – and it tastes great!?
As widespread as it is, however, there also seem to be many like myself who have never heard of this trend, despite how delicious it is contrary to how it sounds. Pepsi has highlighted cultural flavors before. They had their African treat Pepsi: Baobab, and white sapote flavored Pepsi: Caribbean Gold, but never have they turned some of us on to something in our own backyards like this.
Anyone who's never heard of this can just rush right out and buy a watermelon and toss some salt on that bad boy. But for those living in Japan waiting for the Pepsi version is just as good.
One of life in Japan's little pleasures has got to be these seasonal freaky Pepsi flavors that are released. Not always for their taste, but for how amazingly authentic the tastes are.
I first got turned onto these when Pepsi: Ice Cucumber was released a few years back. Although I thought it was disgusting because it – well – tasted like cucumber, I was still amazed at just how much it really tasted like cucumber.
Ever since then I always try to pick up the newest one, but it's more out of an appreciation of their artificial flavor engineering that the actual drink itself. So if you want to know what watermelon with salt tastes like Pepsi: Salty Watermelon will likely recreate it dead on.
Source: Suntory (Japanese)
Nick Fury (Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.) Update:
Captain America creates a Protect tiles with a strength of 64
Iron Man deals 2,940 Damage
Hawkeye Creates 3 Critical Tiles
Hulk deals 722 AOE Damage
Black Widow stuns for 2 turns
Psylocke (Classic) Update:
Progression Rewards Based on Wins
The top progression reward for S.H.I.E.L.D. Simulator is a Green Rogue (Classic) cover. (Earned at 74 wins)
The top progression reward for the Time Gem Versus Season is 15 Command Points. (Earned at 340 wins)
Added additional information about character updates, Time Gem season's max progression rewards, and adjustment of System Reboot Iso-8 values.=====Hi Everyone,For the upcoming Time Gem Versus Season, Rogue (Classic) will be entering Latest 4-Star status, and Riri Williams (Ironheart) will be entering Vintage 4-Star status. Gambit (Modern) will be added to packs.There will be two characters receiving a character update this Versus Tournament Season: Nick Fury (Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.) and Psylocke (Classic). System Reboot is coming back with a chance to earn Iso-8 and a random cover for each of these characters!*We have adjusted the System Reboot Iso-8 rewards to their appropriate values, so that they no longer reflect the promotional amount that was present during the inaugural event.Level 270, at power level 5:Power now costs 10 Yellow AP (Down from 12). Each power level adds an additional Avenger without requiring additional AP.Director Fury summons Earth's mightiest heroes. Shield in hand, Captain America leads the charge with Iron Man, charged and locked on, Hawkeye, aiming to win, Hulk, hungry to smash, and Black Widow, set up to stun.No changesPower now costs 11 AP (down from 12). Initial damage has been increased while the amount of AP stolen, Strike tile strength and Countdown tile duration has been lowered.Enemy intel stolen, Nick Fury leads his team to safety. Deals 6,224 damage and creates a 2-turn Countdown tile that, when activated, steals 6 AP from the enemy's strongest color before converting to a strength 180 Strike tiles.Level 166, at power level 5:Damage has been increased significantly. Strike tile strength has been increased.Psylocke gains momentum, fluidly chaining attacks together. Deals 2,808 damage and creates a strength 270 Red Strike tile whenever fewer than 3 exist. Costs 1 less for each Red Strike tile (min cost 5).Now steals 4 AP from the enemy's strongest color pool. Increases the strength of 3 random Friendly Strikes, Protect, or Attack tiles.Psylocke steadies and channels her telepathic power, reaching into the minds of the enemy to disrupt their attack. Creates a 3-turn Blue Countdown tile that steals up to 4 AP from the enemy's largest color pool and increases the strength of up to 3 random friendly Strikes, Protect, or Attack tiles by 165No Changes.First off, we want to thank everyone that participated in the Versus Tournaments that featured the Progression Rewards Based on Wins format. We received a lot of feedback from players, both in the forum and through the results of these test events.Based on this information, we have determined that the previous iteration of Progression Rewards Based on Wins was ultimately a good structure that offered players flexibility in play-time, while still providing the elements necessary to drive competitive spirit.Starting with the Time Gem Season, all Versus Events will now give progression rewards based on how many wins you complete (instead of Points). This includes S.H.I.E.L.D. Simulator and Season Rewards.
Russia's only independent English-language newspaper, The Moscow Times, has stopped publishing daily issues in favour of a new weekly format.
The new owner says the move will allow him to save the loss-making publication, but some correspondents fear it spells the end of an important independent news source and training ground for correspondents.
Founded by Dutch publisher Derk Sauer in 1992 and distributed in cafes, hotels and airplanes, The Moscow Times often covered Russian news and issues in more depth than western publications. Former correspondents have gone on to success at other publications, including Pulitzer Prize-winning New York Times correspondent Ellen Barry.
As the Russian economy has slowed down and expats have begun to leave the country, other English-language publications such as the entertainment newspaper The Element have shut down.
In addition to economic difficulties, independent media also face political problems. Amid rising tensions with the west, Russian officials regularly accuse foreign media of waging an information war against Moscow.
In October 2014 Vladimir Putin signed a law barring foreign investors from owning more than a 20% stake in Russian media outlets. Following this legislation, the Finnish publishing group Sanoma sold The Moscow Times to Demyan Kudryavtsev, who previously directed the publishing house of the Russian daily newspaper Kommersant and was a business partner of the late oligarch Boris Berezovsky.
Kudryavtsev admits that he bought The Moscow Times as part of a package that included the important Russian business daily Vedomosti, as well as the more profitable Men's Health and National Geographic. But he chose to try to revamp the newspaper rather than shut it down, he said.
“I do it from my own pocket, and all I'm hearing is that I'm killing The Moscow Times,” he said. “The Moscow Times was already dead as a business, for eight years. If the audience needs it, it needs to be proved economically, that's what we call the free market.”
But some former and current Moscow Times correspondents called it the end of an era.
“The newspaper is basically a feature pile, city guide kind of thing,” said one reporter who declined to be quoted by name. “It has some newsy kinds of things but no aspirations to anything particularly serious, as was shown in new edition. It's not that it's badly written, it's just the format.”
The first weekly issue that came out on Thursday includes several reports on the troubled Russian airline industry following the plane crash in Egypt this weekend. But its new magazine-style cover also features a piece on a local women's football team and a story with the teaser, New Ways to Get Drunk in Moscow.
Although no mass layoffs have ensued, the newspaper has fired a photographer as part of what Kudryavtsev said was a restructuring of the photo department, and at least five other employees have left since he became owner. But Kudryavtsev has hired a respected Russian publisher, as well as a well-known editor, who will determine the content, he said.
“If they continue to populate the website with relevant news stories each day (and this was a plan), then The Moscow Times will remain a meaningful source of news,” said former editor Nabi Abdullaev, who left the newspaper last month over personal disagreements with Kudryavtsev.
In a new interview with Time Out London, Daniel Craig discussed hanging up the James Bond mantle after Spectre. He says he wasn't particularly interested in doing a fourth Bond film, but he was “contracted” to do another one and the studio even suggested filming two back to back until he nixed the idea. When asked about the prospect of playing Bond one more time, he responded in a completely nondramatic fashion:
“Now? I'd rather break this glass and slash my wrists,” Craig said, when asked if he would do another Bond film. “No, not at the moment. Not at all. That's fine. I'm over it at the moment. We're done. All I want to do is move on.”
When questioned once more if he wanted to move on from Bond for good, Craig said he would only do another one “for the money.” He instead offered advice for whoever takes his place as Bond: “Don't be shit. You've got to step up. People do not make movies like this any more. This is really rare now. So don't be shit.”
Wellington homes evacuated by landslide SAM BOYER AND MICHAEL DALY
Fairfax NZ
A huge hole has been left in the backyards of several Wellington houses after a massive slip.
A massive landslide in Wellington has swept away backyards and left houses teetering on a cliff edge.
Do you have any photos of the slip? Click here to send them to us
At least 90 people in the suburbs of Kingston and Berhampore were evacuated early this morning when a slip about 40 metres wide by 100 metres long came away from under houses in Priscilla Crescent.
A resident, who did not want to be identified, said her backyard had disappeared.
"My dad was the first one that noticed it, about 4.30am. He heard the ground cracking when it first started.
"He was looking out the window and the backyard was disappearing."
She and her father roused their neighbours, before the emergency services arrived.
Their house suffered extensive damage. "Our house has got a hole under it. We are at the epicentre, we're right at the big hole.
"We could hear the ground falling away. It was like slomp, slomp. You could hear it disappearing."
Jacqui Booth, who lives in Breton Grove, said she was woken by crashing and witnessed the drama.
"I went out on the deck at the back. It was like a torrent, a river, it was just so loud. There was a huge amount of water coming down.
"It was scary, extremely. You could hear the trees coming down and splintering. It was like, wow."
Booth and her family gathered some belongings, before being ordered from the street.
She collected photo albums, passports and wallets. Her son Reuben Nicholas-Booth, 12, said only had thoughts for his football kit, ahead of a morning game today.
"I still wanted to play," he said.
The noise from the slip was heard over several suburbs.
"I thought it was the precursor to an earthquake," said one witness, who asked not to be named.
A Wellington Free Ambulance spokesman said one person was taken to hospital with minor injuries.
"It was a woman, she fell while being evacuated from her house," he said.
There were five ambulances on site. "They helped evacuate the Kilmarnock Rest Home. They took 24 elderly people to the Huntly Rest Home in Karori."
Tony Soma was due to fly out to the Cook Islands on holiday tomorrow. He was relieved he was allowed back in to his house for a few minutes this morning to grab his belongings before being advised to find alternate accommodation.
"I just want to grab my bags. May bags are already packed," he said.
His house should be OK he was told, but things might remain up in the air for a few days.
"We get out alright about 4.30am. Someone came to the door and when it's that early in the morning, you think, 'What's going on.' But it [the house] should be alright."
Police said about 60 people were transferred to Karori.
Thirty-five residents were evacuated from the Kilmarnock rest home and taken to the Huntleigh rest home, Enliven Presbyterian Support Central general manager Nicola Turner said.
"There was absolutely never any danger to the residents," she said.
Kilmarnock was on a large property, and while the slip had come down on to part of the Kilmarnock driveway it was probably 100 to 200m from the building, Turner said.
Staff at Kilmarnock had not heard the slip.
Planning was under way to find accommodation for the Kilmarnock residents, in case they were not allowed to return to their home today, she said.
SLIP STILL MOVING
Eight houses were badly damaged, local civil defence controller Stavros Michael said. Two of them could be condemned.
"There are two houses on the face of it ... they [residents] are likely to be out of their houses for at least two weeks."
While residents at the other six homes were allowed back in to their homes for belongings, the two worst homes were deemed "too risky", he said.
It was possible that a blocked sewerage pipe had caused the slip, he said.
Wellington Mayor Celia Wade-Brown said it was a relief no-one was badly hurt.
Anyone unable to return home would be supported by the council.
"There are houses that are balancing pretty precariously on the edge. It's a pretty rude awakening for people.
"Our welfare staff are working with them to make sure they've got accommodation."
Hotel and motel options would be provided. Private insurance and council insurance should cover all damages, the council said.
A Fairfax NZ reporter at the scene said noises were still coming from the slip. "You can hear stuff moving, it's almost creaking," he said.
The foundations of two homes looked to have been exposed by the slip.
A large number of emergency services were still at the scene this morning and the area remained cordoned off.
Council engineers were taking an urgent look at the houses at the top of the slip.
- Stuff
Holy awesome, Batman. The Tumbler Tour, featuring the Bat Tumbler and Bat Pod from The Dark Knight Rises rolled into Streetfest 2012 in El Paso Friday night and I was able to get an up close and personal tour with the dude who has the coolest job in America - Jim Johnson, the transportation manager at Wayne Enterprises. Jim says he gets to drive the Tumbler every day. Check out why I couldn't be more jealous!
Warner Bros. Pictures brought the Tumbler and Bat Pod to Streetfest and they were on display alongside dozens of sick cars in the Streetfest Rod and Custom Car Show Championship in the Convention Center.
Jim was nice enough to give me a tour of the Tumbler and Bat Pod and tell me all the cool details -- such as that the Pod has three sets of guns, including a rocket launcher. When asked if the rocket launcher really works, Jim says, "Oh, yeah."
The Pod stands on its own and weighs 728 pounds.
Jim says the Tumbler is the original Tumbler and has been in both movies. Its top speed has never been recorded, but Jim says he gets to drive it every day and yes, it's as much fun to drive as you'd imagine. He gets to drive it at Tumbler Tour events as well as the Michigan Motor Speedway.
The Tumbler weighs 5,000 pounds. Its two front tires are Hoosier racetrack tires and the four rear tires are 44-inch Super Swampers.The back of the Tumbler features a jet burner with vector controls.
You can see both the Tumbler and the Bat Pod in all their glory in "The Dark Knight Rises" in theaters on July 20 and check out my video tour with Jim by scrolling down. You can see pictures of our KLAQ winner Kaitlyn with the Tumbler and Bat Pod HERE.
I got to straddle the Bat Pod! I can die happy now!
KLAQ
Like my new ride?
Overview
History
Corporate affairs
Reddit is a private company based in San Francisco, California.[108][109] It has an office in the Tenderloin neighborhood.[110] Reddit doubled its headcount in 2017;[111] As of 2018 , it employed approximately 350 people.[109] In 2017, the company was valued at $1.8 billion during a $200 million round of new venture funding.[81][64] The company was previously owned by Condé Nast, but was spun off as an independent company.[64] As of April 2018 , Advance Publications, Condé Nast's parent company, retained a majority stake in Reddit.[109] Reddit's key management personnel includes co-founder and CEO Steve Huffman,[45] Chief Technology Officer Chris Slowe, who was the company's original lead engineer,[80] and Chief Operating Officer Jen Wong, a former president of digital and chief operating officer at Time Inc.[112] Reddit does not disclose its revenue figures.[81][112] The company generates revenue in part through advertising and premium memberships that remove ads from the site.[112][113] As part of its company culture, Reddit operates on a no-negotiation policy for employee salaries.[114] The company offers new mothers, fathers, and adoptive parents up to 16 weeks of parental leave.[115]
Community and culture
Controversies
Science
Reddit data can help provide scientific researches in various fields. For example, one of the studies showed how it can support rolebased group recommendations or evaluating group stability and growth.[274] Another study evoked a connection between cognitive and attention dynamics and the usage of online social peer production platforms, including the effects of deterioration of user performance.[275] There is also work, that stutied influence of Reddit post on popularity of Wikipedia content.[276] Data from Reddit can also be used to assess academic publications[277], as well as for evaluation of the quality of the content in Wiki platforms and their sources.[278]
See also
Quote: Jeff, a minor tweak came to mind. I'm assuming that the hitch pin connection will be the primary hook/unhook point. That means that forces on the tongue will have to be carried and controlled buy the operator while trying to get the pin inserted. If you weld in just less than half of a thick, suitably-sized washer on the inside of each side of the coupler base, you would form a drop-in "shelf" to help support the tongue during hook up.
Quote: On an other note, Is there a thicker-walled 5/8" ID bushing available that would allow the use of a standard 2" receiver pin for locking purposes?
Former President Obama suggested he will focus his post-presidency on redistributing wealth, emptying prisons, and sabotaging the economy with carbon-emission controls, during his televised return to the national stage yesterday.
Obama reiterated the politically tone-deaf radical policy priorities of his presidency in a speech at the Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts at the University of Chicago. (A transcript of Obama's relatively brief oration is available here.)
In a statement preceding a roundtable discussion with students, Obama said:
The one thing that I'm absolutely convinced of is that yes, we confront a whole range of challenges from economic inequality and lack of opportunity to a criminal justice system that too often is skewed in ways that are unproductive to climate change to, you know, issues related to violence. All those problems are serious. They're daunting. But they're not insolvable.
“What is preventing us from tackling them and making more progress really has to do with our politics and our civic life,” Obama said. “It has to do with the fact that because of things like political gerrymandering our parties have moved further and further apart and it's harder and harder to find common ground. Because of money and politics.”
Of course, in blaming “political gerrymandering” – an irrelevancy – he got to leave out the social polarization and ethno-cultural balkanization he encouraged while president, along with his crusade to inject more and more money into politics while pretending to do the opposite.
So what Obama failed to mention was just as interesting as what he did get around to saying.
He did not say the name of his successor. He did not say anything about his multifaceted taxpayer-funded efforts to kneecap Donald Trump's administration before it took office.
Obama did not say that he wiretapped candidate Donald Trump while his CIA Director, John O. Brennan, conspired with foreign intelligence agencies to spy on Trump. Obama did not say that he worked with Hillary Clinton to promote the utterly wacky conspiracy theory that Trump colluded with Russia to change the results of the November election.
Obama did not say that he is waging war against the Trump administration through his generously funded agitation outfit, Organizing for Action, to defend his grotesque record of failure and promoting civil unrest.
Organizing for Action, a 501(c)(4) nonprofit that doesn't have to disclose its donors, is at the head of Obama's network of left-wing nonprofit groups. OfA, investigative reporter Paul Sperry warns, has “a growing war chest and more than 250 offices across the country.” Obama is “intimately involved” in OfA's operations and issues tweets from the group's account, Sperry writes. “In fact, he gave marching orders to OFA foot soldiers following Trump's upset victory.”
By the end of 2014, OfA, which was formally incorporated only the year before, had taken in $40.4 million, $26 million of which was raised in 2014, according to the organization's IRS filings. OfA's big donors are members of the George Soros-founded Democracy Alliance, a donors' consortium for left-wing billionaires devoted to radical political change. Among the DA members donating to OfA are: Ryan Smith ($476,260); Marcy Carsey ($250,000); Jon Stryker ($200,000); Paul Boskind ($105,000); Paul Egerman ($100,000); and Nick Hanauer ($50,000).
During his surprisingly low-energy, repurposed stump speech, Obama also did not say that he has rented a $5.3 million, 8,200-square-foot, walled mansion in Washington's Embassy Row that he is using to command his community organizing cadres. Obama did not say that his White House alter ego, Valerie Jarrett, lives in the house with him. And Obama did not say that with his loyalist Tom Perez's ascent to the DNC chairmanship in late February, that he (Obama) has consolidated his control over the party apparatus.
No ex-president has ever stuck around the nation's capital to vex and undermine his successor. Of course, Obama is unlike any president the United States has ever had. Even failed, self-righteous presidents like Jimmy Carter, who has occasionally taken shots at his successors, didn't stay behind in Washington to obstruct and disrupt the new administration.
Meanwhile, Obama is set to shatter records with a fabulously lucrative post-presidency. In what appears to be his first paid speaking engagement after leaving the White House, the former president will reportedly be paid $400,000 to speak at investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald's healthcare conference in September.
Next week he is reportedly scheduled to speak at the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation in Boston, at which he will accept the Profile in Courage Award. Obama will visit Milan, Italy on May 9 for a Global Food Innovation Summit, and then Berlin where he will appear with German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the Brandenburg Gate.
And then Obama and his wife will drown in money.
“Two months ago, Penguin Random House won an auction to publish the first book by the Obamas since leaving office for a record price of $60 million,” Zero Hedge reports. “The sum was four times greater than the $15 million Bill Clinton received from Knopf, a division of Penguin Random House, for his 2004 memoirs My Life when he left the White House. George W. Bush made an estimated $10 million from his book Decision Points.”
Nice work if you can get it.
Size:60 Capsules
Due to popular request, we are proud to introduce the GMP Turbo, an Extra Strength version of the Good Morning Pill.
The GMP Turbo contains 54% more caffeine than our Original Good Morning Pill to provide users with a stronger and even longer-lasting boost of energy. Each GMP Turbo also contains B-vitamins to jumpstart your metabolism, an antioxidant (vitamin C) to promote overall health, and an important amino acid.
Take a GMP Turbo at any time of the day to increase alertness, boost energy and supercharge focus. Take after a night of drinking to help lessen the effects of a hangover.
The GMP Turbo provides all of these benefits in a convenient, easy-to-swallow pill. There's no need to force down a harsh-tasting large energy drink or cup of coffee when you can just take one GMP Turbo with your usual morning food or drink.
If you were looking for something better than your normal energy shot, energy drink or cup of coffee, the GMP Turbo is the solution! Each GMP Turbo has zero calories and no artificial sweeteners. Best of all, each GMP Turbo costs up to 90% less than an energy drink or energy shot! If you substitute a GMP Turbo for your usual energy drink, energy shot, or cup of coffee, you can save up to $1,000 per year!
The serving size for the GMP Turbo is just one pill. (Many competing products require two pills per dose - you can't find a better product or value than the GMP Turbo!)
If you like the vitamins and nutrients in the GMP Turbo but would prefer a smaller dose of caffeine, please try the original Good Morning Pill instead. If you want something faster acting, try the new GMP Liquicaff, the world's first LIQUID energy pill.
Yesterday, we introduced Cloud Token to our readers, a next generation cryptocurrency that ushers in an evolution of the internet's infrastructure to provide low cost, decentralized peer-to-peer internet cloud services. With less than 24 hours remaining before the launch of their public crowdsale, we wanted to speak one-on-one with Asaf Zamir, the founder and CTO of Cloudwith.me to get some more details.
Q: How did you come up with the idea for Cloud Token?
Asaf: The Tokens facilitate the transition to a decentralized cloud. The decentralized cloud is a natural evolution of our product at Cloudwith.me.
Q: Who do you think would benefit the most from being apart of the “Cloud Crowd?” and why?
Asaf: We're talking about the entire spectrum here:
Heavy cloud-dependent enterprises would gain long-term because their infrastructure budget will be substantially reduced (we're talking about 94% reduction long term, that changes the entire cloud Industry as we know it).
SMEs would have greater control over where their data and computation is being done (on top of the aforementioned price reduction)
SMEs & individuals in developing countries will no longer have any barriers to enter the cloud economy.
Q: Can you explain how Cloud Token works for someone who is not familiar with cryptocurrency?
Asaf: Right now Cloud Tokens are a currency you will be able to exchange, and redeem for cloud services at 50% off the price you would've paid if you went directly to the providers. In the near future Cloud Tokens will be the de facto currency to use in order to purchase Cloud Services (not only from Cloudwith.me), as well as the smart currency that would spread across the decentralized cloud, compensating the participants for the computation+storage they contributed.
Q: What are your immediate plans for when the token sale closes?
Asaf: Enabling the payment of Tokens for Cloud Services at 50%, initializing development of the decentralized technology while engaging with the growing micro-economy (i.e. keeping a feedback loop with the community).
Q: Anything else you would want to share with our readers?
Asaf: I think it's critical for people to understand how crucial is the decentralization movement right now. To keep the Internet in good shape, we cannot continue to have a handful of players control everything. Blockchain technology allows us to finally have a global network that is not owned by the few, and for those who believe in this future, we welcome you to join us and make it a reality.
To learn more about Cloud Token, visit https://token.cloudwith.me/.
Can you explain the branches to me? I keep hearing little things but I don't really understand
I can try, but I'm talking off what I've read around so there may be things I didn't really get:
Natural systems: people who say to have alters or headmates in a system that resembles DID but without having gone through abuse. These often have an awful lot of fictives, at least in Tumblr.
Non-disordered systems: same as natural systems but claim to be completely functioning, in control of switched an co-con permanently and most of them have inner communication constantly.
Tulipae: from what I've just read, they're kind of like the last ones I mentioned, but found themselves a fancy name. Some guy said that the alters are made on purpose or something.
Overall… weird. I'm not going to call out anyone for being a faker, that's not what I'm here for, but it's weird.
Jack.
How do you visualize the invisible? How do expose a process with multiple parameters in a way that's straightforward and musically intuitive? Can messing about with granular sound feel like touching that sound – something untouchable?
Music's ephemeral, unseeable quality, and the ways we approach sound in computer music in similarly abstract ways, are part of the pleasure of making noise. But working out how to then design around that can be equally satisfying. That's why it's wonderful to see work like the upcoming Borderlands for iPad and desktop. It solves a problem familiar to computer users – designing an interface for a granular playback instrument – but does so in a way that's uncommonly clear. And with free code and research sharing, it could help inspire other projects, too.
Its creator also reminds, us, though, that the impetus for all of this can be the quest for beautiful sound.
Creator Chris Carlson is publishing source code and a presentation for the NIME [New Interfaces for Musical Expression] conference. But this isn't just an academic problem or a fun design exercise: he also uses this tool in performance, so the design is informed by those needs. (I'm especially attuned to this particular problem, as I was recently mucking about with a Pd patch of mine that did similar things, working out how to perform with it and what the interface should look like. I know I'm not alone, either.)
The basic function of the app: load up a selection of audio clips, and the software distributes them graphically in the interface. Next:
A “grain cloud” may be added to the screen under the current mouse position with the press of a key. This cloud has an internal timing system that triggers individual grain voices in sequence. The user has control over the number of grain voices in a cloud, the overlap of these grains, the duration, the pitch, the window/envelope, and the extent of random motion in the XY plane. By selecting a cloud and moving it over a rectangle, the sound contained in the rectangle will be sampled at the relative position of each grain voice as it is triggered. By moving the cloud in along the dimension of the rectangle that is orthogonal to the time dimension, the amplitude of the resulting grain bursts changes.
You can see how Chris is imagining this conceptually in a sketch he shares on his site:
An extended demo shows in greater detail how this all works:
Chris is a second-year Master's student at Stanford University's Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics [CCRMA] in California. The iPad version is coming soon, but you can get started with the Linux and Mac versions right away, and even join a SoundCloud group to share what you're making. You'll find all the details, and links to source code, on the CCRMA site. (And if someone feels like building this on Windows, you can save Chris the trouble.)
https://ccrma.stanford.edu/~carlsonc/256a/Borderlands/index.html
I also love this Max Mathews quote Chris shares as inspiration:
Max Mathews, in a lecture delivered at Stanford in the fall of 2010
“Any sound that the human ear can hear can be made by a sequence of digits. And that's a true theorem. Most of the sounds that you make, shall we say randomly are either uninteresting, or horrible, or downright dangerous to your hearing. There's an awful lot to be learned on how to make sounds that are beautiful.”
Beyond the technology, beyond this design I admire, anything that sends you on the path to making beautiful sound seems to be a worthy exercise. It's a challenge you can face every day and never grow tired.
http://modulationindex.com/ [Chris' site, with more information]
Thanks to Ingmar Koch (Dr. Walker) for the tip!
Unique Model Makes Citizens a Funding Partner in Broadband Network By Craig Settles
Share This:
Public-private partnerships, or PPPs, are a popular way to build community broadband networks. These networks typically are the result of local government entities finding ways to partner with private companies. But what if communities “think differently” about how to form PPPs?
Ammon, Idaho (pop. 13,800), today celebrates its success at thinking differently to produce a city-owned gig network. The city built the network with no debt and got an impressive 70% of the potential customers to sign up for service. One key is new technology. The other is that the “private” in this PPP structure is citizens themselves.
“Ammon has created a unique and interesting model,” says Deb Socia, executive director of Next Century Cities, a national organization of mayors and other civic leaders who are trying to improve broadband connectivity locally. “The funding structure for Ammon's [system] worked perfectly for them and may possibly work for others.”
No one has to convince Technology Director Bruce Patterson of the City of Ammon the value a bringing new thinking to the table. He recalled a city he knew that recently hired a consultant to do a broadband feasibility study.
“The consultant was taking advice that was dispensed in 2005, changing the name of the city at the top of the document, and then handing it to this other city today,” he said. “Much of what he told the city administrators was erroneous in this day and age.”
Patterson and city administrators started down that familiar path. The incumbent communication provider offered various city offices internet access, but city leaders thought the prices were too high. Ammon's public utility thought the city could own its own network, but they didn't want to pay for operating the services that would run on the network.
City officials went for this model. “We replaced outsourced communication services with our own infrastructure to connect government facilities, and the [city's] IT group operates services,” says Patterson.
Other government entities also got on board. “The schools determined that the city can provide 10 Gigabit service at a third the cost of an outside provider,” Patterson says.
The city's $1 million initial investment mostly went into fiber. After some analysis, the city realized that the difference between 48 strands of fiber and 144 strands wasn't that much. Why not go for the 144 strands and sell the excess fiber strands to businesses and residents? This is where creative thinking entered.
In Ammon (ID), everyone as a partner – and an ISP.
Ammon determined that they could cover the costs of the network by charging residential and commercial property owners about $3,000 for installation and assessing a utility fee of $16.50 per month. Constituents still have to pay the ISP's internet access fee.
For people or businesses that can't, or don't want to, invest $3,000 up front, Ammon established Local Improvement Districts (LID) to offer financing. The LIDs were based on where there are the biggest numbers of interested business and residents. Subscribers can opt in during the buildout phase and have 30 days following the completion of construction to determine if they want to pay for the installation costs in full, or take the monthly fee option of about $17.50.
In essence, subscribers are private partners who are paying for the cost of construction. After the city pays for the initial infrastructure, the LID takes on responsibility to retire the debt by collecting money from subscribers. The financing for the network is based on the payments made over time by the users.
“We maintain a sign-up website where we track interest and determine where the highest demand is so we can create the next LID,” says Technology Director Patterson. “Without the LID, we have no way to amortize the amount for [consumers].”
This is a different way of tapping the community's collective ability to finance the buildout. “Ammon's approach is different from those who have tried to have constituents pay utility fees to finance the network,” says Christopher Mitchell, director of community broadband networks at Institute for Local Self-Reliance. “The city owns the network but wants service providers interacting directly with subscribers. Ammon uses some of the latest technologies that delegate liberties to ISPs and subscribers.”
Re-thinking what's an ISP
City officials created a novel approach for recruiting ISPs to offer internet to consumers via the city's network. Sometimes it can be relatively easy to find the first ISP in a small town. The trouble is getting a second ISP. It is hard enticing two or three competitors to split a small pie because it's harder for each to recover their start-up investment and make a profit.
Ammon addressed this problem by installing Point of Presence (POP) and other equipment in town to facilitate the needs of ISPs. Typically, each ISP would run a cable from the ISPs home-office out to the towns and rural counties, which can be very expensive. Because the town has it own POP, they can charge an ISP just $50 a month. Patterson says, “Since the start up costs are so small, ISPs feel they can take a chance offering services because there is so little risk.”
Patterson was a little surprised that four ISPs signed up to deliver services. “We know it's unlikely all will survive,” he said. “But in the best free-market tradition, these ISPs are trying new services, different pricing, different audiences and so forth.” Ultimately, constituents benefit because there is a competitive market that so many other cities crave, he said.
Another feature of the system is the ability to use software to create a private virtual network, or a VPN. So a gamer, an entrepreneur, or anyone can invite participants or potential customers to join the respective private network or buy into it. Anyone can be a provider of service, for as long as they want, with as many members as they want. This gives subscribers unlimited ways to use the network, and these “instant” ISPs potentially can generate capital for the local economy or at least for the network.
Jeff Christensen, the CEO of EntryPoint Network, which provides the VPN software, says, “Our software does network automation, orchestration, and user authentication to automate the provisioning of networks so that it is easy for a lay person to do what previously required a network engineer. Because these are virtual private networks, they have inherent privacy advantages in comparison to networks that traverse the public internet. Additionally, an organization such as a hospital could use encryption if desired to add an additional layer of security.”
Thursday's day-long gathering to celebrate the network launch may help spread the word to other municipalities about the funding model. Patterson, Ammon Mayor Dana Kirkham, and other officials are gathering representatives from cities throughout the region to be part of the celebration.
Craig Settles is a broadband industry analyst, consultant, and author of “Building the Gigabit City.” He also wrote a primer on hybrid wired/wireless networks
You can now buy discount bulk ammo online with free shipping. All of the bulk ammo for sale online in our store comes with standard, free ground shipping to the lower 48, where applicable.
We offer the cheapest ammo prices possible, using only the finest quality components available, and pass the savings of not using any extra packaging on to you.
We are gun guys and firm believers in training properly, and to do so, you need quality, cheap bulk ammo.
It needs both traits. It has to be affordable because you cannot get to the range to train if you can't afford to do so.
And the last thing any of us needs is junk ammunition.
We are also firm believers in a what you see is what you pay attitude. Therefore, our motto is: Free Shipping, Always.
That way, there are no surprises when you get to the cart. Why? Because I know how much I hate to see one price, and then be blindsided by another one in the cart because companies want to make money on shipping.
Our cheap bulkammo is some of the best bulk ammo you can buy, and we stand behind that.
If you're ever unhappy with your Grim Reaper Tactical cheap bulk ammo purchase, help us understand what we can do better. Just find the “contact us” button at the bottom.
Now go buy bulk ammo and get to training for whatever fight you have ahead.
Under the guise of protecting religious freedom and moral sensibilities, the Trump administration is making it harder for women to get access to birth control. On Friday, it rolled back an Obama-era rule requiring most employers to provide their employees with birth control coverage without co-payments. The mandate, established under the Affordable Care Act, has helped millions of women avoid unwanted pregnancy by eliminating out-of-pockets costs for contraception.
Under new rules, the Departments of Health and Human Services, Treasury and Labor will make it easier for employers to deny contraception coverage if they have a “religious or moral objection” to doing so. Further, the departments have made it harder for women who are denied birth control coverage to get no-cost contraception directly from insurance companies, under a process established by the previous administration.
If that were not bad enough, officials made the changes effective immediately. The administration claimed, absurdly, that the rule had to be issued quickly because the normal process of seeking public comment before acting would be “impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest.” It used other specious arguments to justify its decision — asserting, for instance, that coverage of contraception could lead to more “risky sexual behavior” among some teenagers and young women.
These regulatory rollbacks will almost surely reverse years of progress. The percentage of reproductive-age women who faced out-of-pocket costs for oral contraceptives, for example, fell to less than 4 percent by 2014 from more than 20 percent just two years earlier, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. One study estimates that women are saving about $1.4 billion on the pill. The mandate to cover birth control is also very popular; 68 percent of people say they support it.
The tragedy of Paris seems to have accelerated long-awaited political changes: "the United States can no longer play its self-declared hegemonic, or only super-power, role in the world, and Russia has returned to the center stage of world affairs", according to NYU political science professor Stephen Cohen.
© AP Photo / Militant website via AP, File Don't Make Me Laugh: France and Russia Defeated ‘More Formidable Enemy' Than ISIL Before
“The savage terrorist acts on Paris almost immediately resulted in a French-Russian military alliance against the Islamic State in Syria, with French President Hollande and most of Europe dramatically breaking with the Obama Administration's nearly two-year-old policy of isolating Putin's Russia over the Ukrainian crisis,” Professor Stephen Cohen, Contributing Editor to The Nation magazine and Professor Emeritus of Russian Studies & Politics at NYU and Princeton, wrote in his article.
After the terrorist attacks in the country, Paris demonstrates “the growing decline of Washington's leadership and influence even with its own Western alliance,” the expert says.
Meanwhile, President Hollande's approval rating jumped to its highest since January, the first public poll since the Paris terrorist attacks showed.
About 33 percent of voters approve of Hollande's performance, up from 25 percent in October, Bloomberg quotes BVA Opinion as saying in a monthly poll.
The increase gives Hollande his best rating in this poll since in the days after the attacks in January on the French weekly Charlie Hebdo.
Professor Cohen also noted that within Europe, “the leadership in regard to Russia may now shift to Hollande from German Chancellor Merkel, whose own leadership is in growing crisis due to her policies toward Greece, Ukraine and the Middle Eastern refugees flooding the European continent.”
Europe now seems to accept President Putin's longstanding argument that “reversing the advances of the Islamic State requires strengthening the Syrian state and its army as “boots on the ground,” and thus Syrian President Assad himself, not removing Assad as the Obama administration has insisted for almost two years.”
At the same time, Professor Cohen notes that Europe's support for the US-backed regime in Kiev “continues to wane”, describing the Poroshenko administration as “yet another government in deepening crisis" and Ukraine as the chief obstacle to EU-Russia relations.
When does Empire hit its crescendo? Logic says it would have been weeks ago, but the Fox drama has grown yet again — hitting a 5.7 rating among adults 18-49 during its ninth episode on Wednesday night. And that's just the preliminary score.
See more 41 Broadcast Series That Are Already Renewed
Empire rose another three-tenths of a point in the key demo to hit its latest series high. And American Idol (2.1 adults) bleeding into the 9 p.m. hour means it's all but guaranteed to grow again in the final score. Empire also hit a new viewership high of 14.2 million viewers.
Though its total audience is nothing earth-shattering, Empire's demo number is basically unprecedented for a typical hour of a broadcast drama in 2015. That's not quite Walking Dead numbers, at least not yet, but it's bigger than The Big Bang Theory. If recent time-shifting data holds, Empire is now in a safe position to end the season as broadcast's top scripted show.
Viewers are still coming on board the series, even as the season finale approaches. Fox cites 100,000 new views of Empire's premiere episode per day on VOD, Hulu and the FoxNow app.
The race for runner-up goes to ABC, which saw Modern Family (3.4 adults) and Black-ish (2.3 adults) hold steady against Empire. In the 8 p.m. hour, The Middle (2.2 adults) rose two-tenths of a point from last week before an even The Goldbergs (2.5 adults). Nashville (1.4 adults) ended the night steady.
Wednesday also brought the premiere of CSI: Cyber on CBS. The latest effort for the procedural franchise averaged a respectable 1.8 rating among adults 18-49 and 10.3 million viewers — both significant improvements for the time period previously occupied by Stalker. It also retained a great deal of its lead-in, Criminal Minds (1.9 adults), steady with its last episode. Survivor was also steady in its second week.
By Bernard Hickey
Prime Minister John Key has signalled the Government plans to tell the owners of 14 Special Housing Areas (SHAs) in Auckland that they must develop their land or lose their special status.
Key made the comments at his weekly post-cabinet news conference in response to questions about what the Government was doing about surging house price inflation in Auckland and the Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Grant Spencer's call last week for action to increase taxes on capital gains for property investors.
Key said owners of 14 land areas deemed to be Special Housing Areas (which are given accelerated consents) faced demands to develop the land or lose their SHA status.
Housing and Construction Minister Nick Smith confirmed the Government and the Auckland Council were planning to send letters warning the landowners their SHA status could be revoked.
"They'll probably find in the next few days they'll be getting a letter from Nick Smith, to say that if they don't progress or bring those Special Housing Areas on to the market, then the Special Housing Area designation will be taken off them," Key said.
A spokeswoman for Smith said Smith and Auckland Mayor Len Brown agreed at a quarterly Housing Accord steering group meeting last week to send the letters.
"The advice the Mayor and the Minister received at the time was that 70 of the 84 Special Housing Areas established to date in Auckland had applied for structural plans or resource consents, but 14 had not," the spokeswoman said.
"The letters informing the owners of these 14 areas of the option of revoking Special Housing Area status are being prepared. The letters will invite the owners to provide evidence of work being undertaken to bring the land into housing development, and will advise that if progress is not made, the Minister may revoke the Special Housing Area status," she said.
'Capital Gains Tax won't work, and won't happen'
Meanwhile, Key ruled out a Capital Gains Tax or any widening of taxes on capital gains made by rental property investors, as suggested by Spencer in last week's speech.
He said such a tax would not work to address any short term house price inflation as it would take too long to introduce and then too long to have an impact.
"I don't think the Capital Gains Tax would work, if that's what Grant Spencer was talking about in terms of a short term problem as he would define it in Auckland," Key said.
"In reality, firstly, if we wanted to put in a Capital Gains Tax, we would have to go to the electorate and campaign on it, because we specifically said we wouldn't. There is no way I would implement a Capital Gains Tax if we didn't have a mandate from the people. There already is a Capital Gains Tax and how that's applied is always open for debate. A new Capital Gains Tax is not something we'd promote," he said.
"Secondly, it would take a couple of years to theoretically devise that, and thirdly, the advice we've always had, is it would take a decade to get any revenue. So, it's not a short term fix, if that's the point Grant Spencer was making."
Key said a Capital Gains Tax had not been effective in controlling house price inflation in other markets and the Government's view was that bolstering the supply-side was the correct primary response, although the Reserve Bank could take further actions on its own.
"There are discussions between the Minister of Finance and the Reserve Bank around any other options they have available to them or we might want to consider. We've always said we're happy to continue those discussions and last week I said I actively encouraged them to continue to explore areas that they think they can make a difference in," he said.
Loan to income ratio?
Asked if the Reserve Bank could adopt British style loan to income ratio limits, Key said he had not seen any such proposals.
"We're not closed to saying if the bank has a view or the Minister of Finance has a view about some things the bank could do, we'll explore those," he said.
'Market says Auckland not over-valued'
Key also questioned the Reserve Bank's view that Auckland house prices could be over-valued, arguing there had not been a major correction in 45 years because the market believed the value was supported.
"One of the reasons why you probably haven't had a significant correction over the last 45 years is because there's a general view that house prices are not over-valued relative to a whole lot of different factors," Key said.
He was then asked if the Auckland market was still not over-valued.
"The market will always assess these things, not politicians. If you look at the general demand and the general structure of Auckland, I'm not saying prices shouldn't go up. I'm just saying If the market truly believed they were massively over-valued, then it wouldn't be the way that it is," he said.
He was then asked about the Reserve Bank's view that Auckland house prices were among the most over-valued in the world.
"If that's the case, then they haven't corrected," he said.
'General belief Auckland not over-valued'
Key said he accepted prices were going up too rapidly, but that the best response was to bulk up supply, which had worked in Christchurch.
"If there hasn't been a correction over 45 years, it's an indication of the fact that at this point -- for decades -- there's been a general belief that they've been appropriately valued at the time," he said.
"It doesn't mean there not going up too rapidly or the Government's doesn't want to help that dramatically by making sure there's more supply."
Key said the Government's "not sitting back doing nothing, but it's not a perfect market in housing and things take some time."
"Three or four years ago you were struggling to sell a house in Auckland. Now there's a lot of demand, but it's not a new issue," he said.
"House prices are still going up at a slower rate under us than under the previous Government."
REINZ figures show Auckland house prices rose 67% in the first six and a half years of the 1999-2008 Labour Government. They have risen 60% under the first six and a half years of the 2008-2015 National Government.
NEW DELHI: On the eve of Teachers Day Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday engaged in a candid interaction with students across the country during which he gave tips on how to ignite their minds, improve oratory and advised parents not to impose choices on children.The Prime Minister also underscored the need for having good people in politics to take the country to greater heights.Addressing students and later replying to their questions via video conferencing in the second such initiative, Modi said he has issued direction to replace 'Character certificates' with Aptitude certificates which will reflect the personality of the students when they leave schools.A relaxed Modi responded to a range of questions including his school days and dress sense during his 105-minute interaction with 800 students and 60 teachers from schools in Delhi who participated in the event at the Manekshaw auditorium here. Students from nine other states joined the programme through video conference.The Prime Minister spoke highly about the role of teachers in nation-building and said he interacts with students on the occasion of Teachers' Day as students are their identity."Mother gives birth to a child, (guru) teacher gives life (jeevan). There will hardly be anyone in the world who will not admit the role of their mother and teacher in their life," Modi said.The Prime Minister said there must have been great teachers behind every successful doctor, engineer and scientist and exhorted the parents to not force choices on their children."Sometimes people wonder why spend time with students on Teachers' Day. It is because students are teachers' identity," he said. There was criticism last year that the Prime Minister had ignored the teachers when he interacted with students on Teachers' Day last year.The Prime Minister also launched two commemorative coins -- one of Rs 125 denomination and another of Rs 10 on the occasion."A teacher can never retire. Being a teacher is not like any other occupation," he said.Modi also said that education should not create "robots" as he emphasised the importance of art and culture in students life.When a student from Goa asked him about his favourite sport, Modi in a lighter vein responded, "We all know the games politicians play." He than narrated, how he used to climb trees and learnt swiming.On politics, he said "Unfortunately politics has acquired a lot of bad names. Talented people from all walks of life are required in politics."
Three Floyds Brewery Founder Nick Floyd of Ukrainian Village said "It's hard to keep up" with the demand for his beer. View Full Caption Nick Floyd/3 Floyds
Nick Floyd doesn't think your favorite bar sucks.
Despite what ticked-off bar owners might say, the Ukrainian Village brewer's namesake Three Floyds Brewery doesn't ban certain Chicago taverns from the privilege of pouring his craft brews from their taps.
“There's been an explosion in the popularity of microbrews, and even our oldest accounts can't get enough. I know guys at new beer bars talk s--- because they can't get it, or we think we're too good for them,” Floyd said. “We don't think we're too good for you. It's just hard to keep up.”
Three Floyds has ranked as one of the top brewers in the world for six years running on RateBeer.com, but it's still a relatively small operation run out of a Munster, Ind., industrial park.
Three Floyds Brewery's Dark Lord Imperial Stout is considered the best beer in America by RateBeer.com. View Full Caption Three Floyds Brewery
“We haven't spent $50 million to expand to become the size of New Belgium or Goose Island. We don't want to have 300 or 400 employees,” Floyd said. “We want to maintain high quality, grow slowly, and that's what we're doing.”
You can find Three Floyds beers at about 800 bars and liquor stores in Chicago, and every one of them wants a case of beer or two each week. That includes Binny's Beverage Depot and Jewel, which want as many as 20 cases a week for every store.
“People have a Wal-Mart mentality and think Three Floyds should be available everywhere,” Floyd said. “Our growth just can't keep up with demand. It's a cult beer. At Whole Foods they don't even put it on the shelf because it's gone within an hour that it arrives.”
Three Floyds brewed just under 50,000 barrels of beer last year, which Floyd points out is “not nearly enough” for a metropolitan area of 8 million people.
“We make enough beer so hopefully bars that want it can get it, but until we're four times bigger, and that takes time, that's the way it is,” Floyd said. “It's like when you go to a restaurant and they run out of the daily special. That's the predicament we're in.”
But beer geeks can be a surly bunch when they feel slighted. Some have posted rather harsh rumors about Three Floyds in online beer drinkers' forums.
“The classic one is that we burned down. Never happened. Or that we make Dark Lord in all our tanks so we don't have beer for months. Also not true,” Floyd said. “Or that we hoard beers. Or make lists of which bars should get our beer. Well, there's some truth to that.”
That's just Floyd's way of making sure bars that have been tapping his beers since 1996 — Map Room, Hop Leaf and Sheffield's — get enough of his brews to keep their regulars happy.
Sure, Floyd plans to keep expanding his brewing operation by about 30 percent a year. He hopes to open one or two Three Floyds brewpubs in Chicago once he finds the right locations for the right price. And he's kicking around the idea of starting to distil spirits — Three Floyds whiskey to start.
“It will be fine whiskey,” Floyd said. “But I know some people will complain, ‘Why make whiskey when you can't make enough beer?'”
Breaking beer drinkers' hearts is just part of the craft brew business — and no one does it better than Floyd.
It happens in April when Floyd's most famous brew, Dark Lord, goes on sale for one day only at the industrial park brewery.
And that day — Dark Lord Day — is Saturday.
Craft beer connoisseurs from around the world flock to Three Floyds to get their hands on a few bottles of the motor-oil thick, Mexican Vanilla-infused, molasses-sweet stout that RateBeer.com calls the “most wanted beer in the world.” And Dark Lord is brutal, boasting a 15-percent alcohol content and 700 calories per 22-ounce bottle.
But if you're thinking of stopping by Saturday to pick up a bottle or two, don't bother.
The “Golden Tickets” you need just to stand in line to spend 15 bucks a bottle for this year's vintage sold out in minutes online— like they do every year.
“People who don't get a Dark Lord Day ticket get all pissed off,” Floyd said. “And if they get in, they're my best friend. It is what it is.”
If you're one of those guys who don't get a taste of the finest beer around, do Nick Floyd a favor — quit complaining.
The guy can only brew so much.
Collective responsibility refers to responsibilities of organizations, groups and societies. Part of it is the concept known as collective guilt by which individuals who are part of such collectives to be responsible for other people's actions and occurrences by tolerating, ignoring, or harboring them, without actively engaging.[citation needed]
In religion [ edit ]
This concept is found in the Old Testament (or Tanakh), some examples include the account of the Flood, the Tower of Babel, Sodom and Gomorrah and in some interpretations, the Book of Joshua's Achan. In those records entire communities were punished on the act of the vast majority of their members, however it is impossible to state that there were no innocent people, or children too young to be responsible for their deeds.
The practice of blaming the Jews for Jesus' death is the longest example of collective responsibility. In this case, the blame was cast not only on the Jews of the time but upon successive generations. This comes from Matthew 27:25-66 New International Version (NIV) 25: "All the people answered, 'His blood is on us and on our children!'"
Collective punishment [ edit ]
roundup (pol: łapanka) hostages as revenge for assassination of 5 German policemen and 1 SS-man by Announcement of execution of 100 Polish(pol:) hostages as revenge for assassination of 5 German policemen and 1 SS-man by Armia Krajowa 's resistance movement (referred to in the text as: a Polish "terrorist organization in British service"). Warsaw, 2 October 1943
Collective responsibility in the form of collective punishment is often used as a disciplinary measure in closed institutions, e.g. boarding schools (punishing a whole class for the actions of one known or unknown pupil), military units, prisons (juvenile and adult), psychiatric facilities, etc. The effectiveness and severity of this measure may vary greatly, but it often breeds distrust and isolation among their members. Historically, collective punishment is a sign of authoritarian tendencies in the institution or its home society.[citation needed] For example, in the Soviet Gulags, all members of a brigada (work unit) were punished for bad performance of any of its members.[1]
Collective punishment is also practiced in situation of war, economic sanctions, etc., presupposing the existence of collective guilt.[2] Collective guilt, or guilt by association, is the controversial collectivist idea that individuals who are identified as a member of a certain group carry the responsibility for an act or behavior that members of that group have demonstrated, even if they themselves were not involved.[3] Contemporary systems of criminal law accept the principle that guilt shall only be personal.[citation needed] Others view groups as being entities in themselves (an entitative group), capable of holding guilt or responsibility independent of any of the group's members.[citation needed] The mass shootings of Nicholas II's family in 1918 may be regarded as an example of such an approach.[citation needed]
Terror groups of all kinds bomb civilians who are seen as collectively responsible for the acts of their leaders. The state level bombing of civilians became popular in the Twentieth Century although ancient warriors would often slaughter whole cities if they resisted demands for capitulation or tribute.
During the occupation of Poland by Nazi Germany, the Germans applied collective responsibility: any kind of help given to a person of Jewish faith or origin was punishable by death, and that not only for the rescuer but also for his/her family.[4][5][6] This was widely publicized by the Germans.[7][8] During the occupation, for every German killed by a Pole, 100-400 Poles were shot in retribution.[9] Communities were held collectively responsible for the purported Polish counter-attacks against the invading German troops. Mass executions of łapanka hostages were conducted every single day during the Wehrmacht advance across Poland in September 1939 and thereafter.[10]
Another example is when after the war, ethnic Germans in Central and Eastern Europe were held collectively responsible for Nazi crimes, resulting in numerous atrocities against the German population, including killings (see Expulsion of Germans after World War II and Beneš decrees).[11]
In business [ edit ]
As the business practices known as corporate social responsibility (CSR) and sustainability mature and converge with the responsibilities of governments and citizens, the term "collective responsibility" is beginning to be more widely used.
Collective responsibility is widely applied in corporations, where the entire workforce is held responsible for failure to achieve corporate targets (for example, profit targets), irrespective of the performance of individuals or teams which may have achieved or overachieved within their area. Collective punishment, even including measures that actually further harm the prospect of achieving targets, is applied as a measure to 'teach' the workforce.
In culture [ edit ]
The concept of collective responsibility is present in literature, most notably in Samuel Taylor Coleridge's "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner", a poem telling the tale of a ship's crew who died of thirst because they approved of one crew member's killing of an albatross.
1959's Ben-Hur and 1983's prison crime drama Bad Boys depict collective responsibility and punishment. The play 'An Inspector Calls' by J.B Priestley also features the theme of collective responsibility throughout the investigation process.
In politics [ edit ]
In some countries with parliamentary systems, there is a convention that all members of a cabinet must publicly support all government decisions, even if they do not agree with them. Members of the cabinet that wish to dissent or object publicly must resign from their position or be sacked[12].
As a result of collective responsibility, the entire government cabinet must resign if a vote of no confidence is passed in parliament.
Criticism [ edit ]
In ethics, both methodological individualists and normative individualists question the validity of collective responsibility.
Methodological individualists challenge the very possibility of associating moral agency with groups, as distinct from their individual members, and normative individualists argue that collective responsibility violates principles of both individual responsibility and fairness. (Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy)[13]
Normally, only the individual actor can accrue culpability for actions that they freely cause. The notion of collective culpability seems to deny individual moral responsibility. Does collective responsibility make sense? History is filled with examples of a wronged man who tried to avenge himself, not only on the person who has wronged him, but on other members of the wrongdoer's family, tribe, ethnic group, religion, or nation.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
There is nothing better after a long day or hiking, fishing, mountain biking, or most anything outdoors than a nice soak in a hot tub! However most of us don't always travel with this fine luxury! Unless we are going glamping many of us tend to rough it out and don't get to enjoy the ultimate relaxation technique of the hot tub soak. Ingenuity and creativity have now blessed us with The Original Nomad and blessed us with the worlds first portable hot tub!!
What you need to know: Now this isn't necessarily a plug and play type of operation. However, it is relatively simple enough to operate. They do recommend filling with the aid of a water pump if not camping near a water source. The actual system however doesn't require anything except for a good old fashioned fire (or propane). The system uses something called thermo-syphoning to pump the water heated from the coils into the hot tub. It will take between 2-3 hours to heat up to about 105 degrees Farenheit so keep that in mind when planning on using this.
So now all you have to do is figure out where you'd go to test this amazing hot tub out at! Looks like it's time to plan that next adventure! It's made of durable vinyl and sets up relatively easily. Seems like The Original Nomad portable hot tub is a new must-have when camping!
Publications too 'raunchy'
for Queensland adults to read?
This paper provides information about Queensland Government censorship policy obtained by EFA under the Queensland Freedom of Information Act in March-June 2000.
The purpose of EFA's FOI applications to the Queensland Department of Equity and Fair Trading (QDEFT), which includes the Queensland censorship office, was to ascertain the background/basis for the Queensland Censorship Minister's (Ms Judy Spence) media release of 16 September 1999 stating that:
UNrestricted publications had become too "raunchy" for Queenslanders to read, and the ban on Restricted publications (Category 1 and Category 2) in Queensland would remain in place. (Queensland is the only State/Territory where it is illegal to sell Restricted publications to adults).
Contents:
Overview
According to the documents released to EFA under the Queensland Freedom of Information Act, there is no basis for either of the statements made by the Queensland Minister in her media release of 16 September 1999 that:
UNrestricted publications had become too "raunchy" for Queenslanders to read, and the ban on Restricted publications (Category 1 and Category 2) in Queensland would remain in place.
EFA's FOI application was broad and should have brought to light the background and reasons for those statements. The descriptions and source of the small quantity of information denied preclude any possibility that denied documents were related to the Minister's statements.
Go to Contents List
Raunchy Publications
The Queensland Department and Minister's office were unable to provide any documented grounds for the claim that Unrestricted or any other publications had become "raunchier". There is no indication in documents released that either the Queensland Government or the OFLC has carried out an analysis of publications over any period of time resulting in evidence that Unrestricted publications had become "raunchier".
The proposal to further restrict the contents of Unrestricted publications appears to have been originated by the OFLC. There is no indication in documents released that any of the changes to the Guidelines were requested by the Queensland Government.
The first and only mention of "raunchiness" is contained in a draft Queensland media release dated 16 September 1999 (after the new Guidelines became effective) which appears to have been prepared by the Queensland Classification/Censorship Officer. The final media release was issued on the same date as the draft, without alteration.
Go to Contents List
Ban on Restricted Publications
The decision that the Queensland ban on Restricted publications (Category 1 and 2) would remain in place appears to have been made by the Minister (or by lack of a decision) without consultation with any members of the Queensland Parliament or Queensland citizens.
A paper entitled "Queensland's Position" (Folio 3335-6), apparently prepared for the Queensland Minister prior to the Censorship Ministers' meeting of 15 April 1999, listed three options for consideration regarding Queensland's position on publications. These were:
Option 1: no change to existing policy
Option 2: allow the sale of Category 1 Restricted publications
This section noted: "Many hundreds of letters recently received from consumers advocating the sale of adult material".
This section noted: "Many hundreds of letters recently received from consumers advocating the sale of adult material". Option 3: allow the sale of Category 1 and Category 2 Restricted publications.
No documents commenting on those options or documenting a decision thereto were released, nor are any denied documents likely to be related to this matter.
Primary matters taken into account in deciding to maintain the ban on Restricted publications appear to have been:
The potential for media publicity criticising Queensland censorship policy and, more particularly, whether such publicity could be minimised or avoided: "The publications guidelines review is controversial and importantly the proposed changes are vehemently opposed by industry. Because of Queensland's unique position of being the only jurisdiction in Australia not to allow the sale of restricted publications, we are the primary focus in discussions involving any perceived loss of sales/profits due to the proposed changes. ... A presence [at the OFLC industry consultation meeting] would help in being able to respond and possibly reduce subsequent negative criticism for Queensland. In view of some of the companies involved and their ability to attract media attention this aspect cannot be underestimated. ..."
Memo from Queensland Classification Officer to QDEFT Director-General, 17 May 1999, p.2 (Folio 3343))
Whether the new guidelines were acceptable to the industry: "...it can be said that the guidelines are generally acceptable to the industry. Industry will always want to stretch the boundaries further no matter where they are drawn".
Briefing paper prepared for the Queensland Minister prior to the Censorship Ministers' meeting of July 1999 (Folio 3314)) However, the above statement appears to conflict with comments made by industry representatives at an industry consultation meeting held by the OFLC. A report on that meeting, presumably prepared by the Queensland Classifications Officer, given it appears to have been written by someone who attended the meeting, stated: "General view was the guidelines better presented but concerned that unrestricted should be tightened. Very concerned about discreet nudity - wanted it changed to natural nudity as 85% of women show some labia naturally."
Report titled "Outcomes - Consultation with Industry - Sydney - 26/27 May 1999" (Folio 3341)) (For further information on the matter of "discreet nudity", see: OFLC approval of depictions of women akin to genital mutilation.)
Go to Contents List
Queensland Community Support for Ban on Restricted Publications
EFA's FOI applications requested, inter alia, "any evidence that there is substantial community support for the proposition that adults in Queensland are incapable of making their own decisions about choice of reading material" and "copies of any correspondence or reports documenting the number of complaints received by the government from the general public". The Department identified 3052 documents considered relevant, apparently dating from 1991. EFA amended its application to exclude these documents, given a cost of 50 cents per page.
However, the schedule listing the 3052 documents may shed some light on the number of complaints received in the past three years. The schedule (Page 1, 2, 3 GIF format) indicates that since October 1997, the Department's files contain up to 1151 pages relating to "correspondence to and from complainants" on topics other than public display of publications:
Qty. Folio No. File Date Description 227 1103-1330 from 10/97 Correspondences to/from Complainants 273 2126-2399 from 07/98 Correspondences to/from Complainants (incl. petition and Summary Report on Community Attitudes Towards Censorship) 651 2401-3052 from 07/98 Correspondences to/from Complainants
Of that 1151 pages:
273 pages are in a file that includes a petition and it is not known whether the bulk of the material in that file is letters to complainants listed in the petition or whether there are also letters from and to other complainants. For the purpose of this exercise, it is assumed that each of the 273 pages is a letter to one of the complainants on the petition - the maximum possible number of complainants (assuming replies are sent to complainants).
878 pages in other files may consist of letters from complainants, and/or letters in response to complainants. It seems reasonable to assume that every complainant receives a letter in reply. For the purpose of this exercise, it is assumed that each complainant's letter is one page and each reply is one page. Thus 878 pages may represent 439 complainants.
On the above speculative basis, it appears that since October 1997 the Queensland Government may have received 712 complaints (273 + 439) concerning some aspect of the Queensland censorship laws (other than public display of publications).
A Queensland options paper (Folio 3335-6) apparently prepared for the Queensland Minister prior to the Censorship Ministers' meeting of 15 April 1999 stated:
"Many hundreds of letters recently received from consumers advocating the sale of adult material".
The estimated 712 complainants referred to above would presumably include the "many hundreds" advocating sale of adult material. It seems the Queensland Government may be on very shaky ground in claiming there is wide community support for the Queensland ban on Restricted publications on the basis of complaints they have received.
EFA's application sought a wide range of material that may shed light on the justification or basis for the existing ban. Apparently no such information was available in the Minister's office or department, other than the files regarding complaints referred to above.
Go to Contents List
Conclusion
There is no basis for the claim that 'Unrestricted' publications have become raunchier. The fact is that depictions permitted in publications 20 years ago are not permitted today and there is no evidence that the OFLC has not been properly applying classification guidelines that have become increasingly restrictive over the past 20 or so years. The relevant division of the Queensland Government was unable to provide any research, by themselves or the OFLC, to show that Unrestricted, or any other, publications had become "raunchier".
The Queensland ban on the sale of Restricted publications to adults appears to be a matter of simplicity and expediency rather than agreed policy. The Government apparently does not hold details of the basis for the ban implemented by a prior government, nor to have undertaken any research or consideration regarding whether the policy of attempting to prevent Queensland adults from choosing to read material that is legally available to adults in all other States and Territories can be legitimately justified. This ban does not affect only "adult" publications, but also widely acclaimed, though controversial, books classified Category 1 Restricted, such as American Psycho.
Evidently, the government has also not considered the (lack of) merit of a continuing ban which simply encourages a black market (since Queensland banned Category 1 and 2 Restricted publications are available for purchase in various areas in Queensland) and the export of Queensland dollars to other Australian and international jurisdictions (since Queensland banned publications are legally obtainable by mail order).
Go to Contents List
Date: 7 August 2000
Elon Musk, billionaire CEO and founder of Tesla Motors SpaceX , SolarCity, Hyperloop and a member of the so-called “PayPal Mafia” — co-founders of the online payment system who have continued to find success after selling the company to eBay — is starting yet another venture, and not a small one at that.
Musk now wants to “build a second Internet” in space, and eventually use the system to connect people on Mars to the Web. For us Earthlings, this new network would increase the flow of data on the Internet, thus providing low-cost, high-speed Internet services to billions of people with poor access.
As Musk told Bloomberg BusinessWeek, “The speed of light is 40 percent faster in the vacuum of space than it is for fiber. The long-term potential is to be the primary means of long-distance Internet traffic and to serve people in sparsely populated areas.” In this way, Musk would realize his dream of creating a “global communications system” that would be larger than anything we currently have and would connect billions of people in ways we may not be able to conceptualize now.
Musk has not yet named his newest space venture; however, it will be one of his most ambitious projects to date. The headquarters of this new Space Internet venture will likely be in SpaceX's new Seattle Office, and Musk believes the project will employ up to 1,000 people in the next few years. Approximately 4,000 satellites will orbit 750 miles above the Earth's surface (a lower height than traditional satellites, which orbit at altitudes of up to 22,000 miles) in order to ensure faster Internet service. Instead of requiring land routers and networks, Internet data packages would be sent into space and would bounce off of other satellites until the data reaches a satellite closest to the terminal destination, after which the signal would return to Earth.
Musk estimates that $10 billion will be needed to launch the project.
Importantly, Musk sees this project as a stepping-stone and told Bloomberg BusinessWeek that the project is not expected to happen sooner than five years from now, but it is ultimately seen as a “long-term revenue source for SpaceX to be able to fund a city on Mars.”
However, Musk is not the only entrepreneur trying to “hack the Internet.” Earlier this week, Greg Wyler announced his own effort to connect billions of people via the Internet, a venture he calls OneWeb. According to Bloomberg BusinessWeek, Wyler hopes to “fill the skies with hundreds of satellites that will beam their signals down to low-cost, solar-powered rooftop antennas.”
Already Qualcomm and the Virgin Group have been named as early investors and the venture is expected to cost around $2 billion. As well, Wyler's venture should be ready by 2017 and a team of 30 engineers is already working to develop the software and hardware necessary to make this a reality.
Musk says that the two systems — his own and OneWeb — will be competing systems, though Virgin chief Richard Branson tells BusinessWeek that Musk would likely be successful if they worked together rather than separately.
Still, Musk is not focused on competing for customers at the time being. “We'll start by building satellites that address the specific application that we are working on, and then we will be more than happy to sell to other people.”
(Photo courtesy of NASA)
Jenn Grant finds her dreams "hanging around" her long after she wakes up, so she decided to celebrate these dreams in her latest album, Paradise.
"I feel like the more attention you give your dreams the more elaborate they become. Then they become lucid dreams and incredibly vivid or kind of maybe psychic dreams. They're like visits from people, so I think that's tapping into another layer of creativity for me that I want to access," she tells host Tom Power.
Jenn Grant joins host Tom Power in q's music studio. (Cathy Irving/CBC)
The East Coast rock 'n' roller joined Tom to share new tracks from Paradise and explain how a dream about an intergalactic conference helped her get over her stage fright.
Listen to the tracks Jenn Grant performed below and let us know if they make it into your dreams:
'Galaxies'
'Paradise'
— Produced by Mitch Pollock
The Pacific Northwest is known for its spectacular natural environment and its rather progressive culture, but it is also a place of strong political division. For the most part the politics line up as both conservatives and liberals want to protect the forests, farms, and the freedom of individuals, albeit for different reasons. The real fight in Oregon and Washington is not between urban and rural though, for as liberal and urbanist Portland and Seattle are, both are completely surrounded by a thick layer of Anywhere, USA suburbia. That is where the real cultural battleground is. I bring this up because both Portland and Seattle are expanding their transit systems with new light rail projects, and both had to endure extremely long and drawn out fights in the suburbs. Mind you, Portland and Seattle are very different, and comparing them is textbook apples and oranges, but the difference in placemaking between the two transit agencies' design outcomes is extremely fascinating.
Quick background: Seattle's Sound Transit is in final design for their 10 station light rail extension called East Link, and Portland's Trimet is already constructing its 10 station light rail extension called the Portland-Milwaukie or Orange Line. Compared to Seattle's, Portland's extension is about half the overall scope; half the length (7 miles vrs. 14), half the cost ($1.5 billion vrs. $2.8), half the ridership projections (23,000 daily boardings vrs. 50,000 by 2030), and about half the travel time if you consider that both have 10 station stops (20 mins vrs. 32 mins including boarding times, 15 mins vrs. 27 mins without). Other than the station spacing the two projects are relatively comparable.
More info and specific station designs and area planning: Sound Transit and Trimet.
Here are two videos made at around the same level of design, regardless of graphics, compare the language used to describe the environs and specific places they are creating…
The glaringly obvious difference between the two projects is the chosen infrastructure and how it interacts with the built environment, even though fundamentally they use the same light rail technology. East Link is designed for optimizing automobile transportation with an almost entirely grade separated mix of massive viaducts, walled trenches, tunnels, and roadway improvements whereas the Orange Line is almost entirely at-grade with a focus on pedestrian and bicycle improvements. Michael Andersen over at BikePortland.org posted a thorough investigation into the Orange Line improvements last week. [3/29 edit: SeattleTransitBlog.com has new coverage of two East Link stations here] It appears that where Trimet is trying to connect itself to the existing urban fabric, Sound Transit is trying to completely ignore it. The Orange line actually minimizes its impact by blending itself with the landscape and improving neighborhood connectivity and streetscape, but East Link's desire for separation actually makes a far bigger impact on its surroundings creating a bigger divide than was there before. Take a look at a few examples:
Both designs have positive and negative aspects, of course, but the impact on the human environment is like night and day. East Link looks like 1960's highway planning compared to the Orange Line's urbanist approach. Trimet did tear out a huge swath of Southeast Portland in order to stitch it back together, but the end result of Sound Transit's unwillingness to integrate into the suburban neighborhood appears to encourage auto-dependance rather than improve alternatives. I feel that this is a prime example of the politics that drive our infrastructure decisions today. Our national mortgage laws, taxation, and economy are still geared toward endless suburban growth, a growth that is entrenched in peoples minds as culture. Seattle itself has had a great urban renaissance in the inner city, it is a shame those lessons did little to disprove the anti-rail narrative already in circulation around Bellevue. The vocal minority can achieve great things in our society, for better or for worse.
In Portland, the vocal minority of the region found ways to discourage future transit into the suburbs by drafting suburban-only legislation that restricts such projects shortly after this project started construction. This backlash of urbanization is widespread across the United States, and can be seen as a natural reaction to the end of a way of life. Over the past generation suburbia has already changed, and American central cities are now thriving once again mostly due to a rejection of the suburban form and its psychological and sociological effects on people. Admittedly that is a generalization and oversimplification of national trends, but the next generation already drives less, bikes and walks more, and prefers purchasing homes in the streetcar suburbs rather than the post-war suburbs.
The overarching point to this is that the Orange Line looks to make unique places out of all of the spaces it touches and encourages redevelopment, whereas the East Link project appears to be far more utilitarian in moving people from existing destination to destination without changing development patterns. Since there are subjective benefits to each project, I am in favor of both, but I do feel that Trimet's choices are more in line with the livability and long-term sustainability goals needed in our modern age. Only time will tell of course…
Advertisements
Earlier today, the Ducks acquired center Ryan Kesler and a third-round selection in the 2015 NHL Draft from the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for center Nick Bonino, defenseman Luca Sbisa, the 24th overall pick (first round) and the 85th overall pick (third round) in the 2014 NHL Draft.
Kesler and Ducks Executive Vice President/General Manager Bob Murray spoke with reporters via conference call shortly after. Below are their comments.
"Today was a start of a new chapter in my life," said Kesler. "For me and my family, it's a positive move. We're excited to be going to Anaheim, but at the same time, we've called Vancouver our home for the past 11 years. We have friends on the team, friends in this city, and the organization has treated us very well.
"But I'm going to Anaheim to win a championship. That's going to my sole goal, and my team's sole goal."
On if he's the missing piece to winning a championship in Anaheim
"It's tough comparing yourself to a Stanley Cup winning team, but there are a lot of pieces to the puzzle. I think I can fit into this team and this organization, and be a good No. 2 behind Ryan Getzlaf. We have size, speed and grit. I'd say that Getzlaf is one of the best centers in the game. I'm going to come in behind him and do my job."
On if he saw Anaheim as a potential destination at the trade deadline
"During the trade deadline, [Anaheim] was one of the teams I thought I was going to. It didn't happen, but they got it done in the summer. I'm happy to call myself a Duck, and be a part of the Anaheim Ducks."
On Anaheim's style of play
"From the outside looking in, they're a team that's younger, but they have a lot of speed and skill. With [Corey] Perry and Getzlaf manning that first line, they've got speed, skill and grit, and they're going to fight. That's the type of first line you want. I'm just going to do whatever I can to help this team win."
On any familiarity with head coach Bruce Boudreau
"The talk around the league is that he's a player's coach. The guys want to win for him. They play for him. But other than that, I don't know too much. I haven't talked to him. Hopefully, I get a chance to talk to him pretty soon."
On his final season in Vancouver
"Last year, the season was tough on all the players who play for the Canucks. I hate losing, and that season was painful, to be honest. The fact that they're in a rebuild and looking to get younger, and years away from being a contender, it was just time for me to move on and win, and hopefully take home a championship."
On if there was any thought of staying with the Canucks
"I've played with Trevor [Linden] and have a lot of respect for him. I met with Jim [Benning] in the summer and had a meeting with him. To me, it just seemed like the direction they were going didn't fit with what I thought my career was going to be. At the end of the day, I want to win a championship, and I want to win it now. Four years is a little too long for me."
On if Chicago was the only other option
"Anaheim and Chicago were my two teams. Saying that, there were only teams that were on my list previously, but I was on the fence with them, with coaching changes and whatnot. But to be honest, I was only asked to waive my no trade to Anaheim. A deal was done, it happened fast and it caught me by surprise. I'm happy it got done today."
On if his role and/or style will change playing behind Getzlaf
"I don't think so. Henrik [Sedin] is a very good player and I have nothing but good things to say about him. Getzlaf is just a different player. He's bigger than Henrik. Getzlaf's a player who will fight and protect his teammates. Henrik wasn't that type of player. He's a playmaker and one of the classiest guys I've ever met. My game will never change. You guys know the way I play. It's going to be all-out and leave it all out there every shift, every game."
On his memories of playing in Vancouver
"The day I got drafted is a great memory. My first goal assisted by Trevor [Linden]. The 2011 Stanley Cup Playoffs and the Final, and the Presidents' Trophy that we won. It's all good memories. I have nothing but nice things to say about the Canucks organization. They treated me extremely well over those 11 seasons. But it was time for a change. I'm turning 30, and not only do I want to win a Stanley Cup, I want to be a big part of winning the Stanley Cup. I'm not getting any younger. I want to win a championship. With the direction their team is going, us and management made the decision that it was time to move on."
Murray, on what Kesler brings
"We're better on faceoffs automatically. Ryan does it all. We have a great 1-2 punch up the middle."
Murray, on losing Bonino and Sbisa
"You have to give up good players to get a player like Ryan. It was difficult to give up Nick and Luca, but we felt it was a time to make a little bit of a move to improve our hockey team. It's not easy, but we feel like we're a better team than we were yesterday. I don't know how much closer we are [to a Cup], but we'll find out come October and November. "
Murray, on Kesler's occasional injuries
"He plays so hard, there are going to be injuries. We want him to play that way, so we understand there are going to be injuries along the way. He's the type of player we need in the playoffs, so we'll take the odd injury along the way."
Murray, on whether there are further deals planned
"There has been a lot of talk going on, but nothing imminent. We'll see what goes on when we hit the [draft] floor. We do have some budget money left."
A council that advises the Pakistani government and parliament ruled Tuesday that the country's laws banning child marriage are “un-Islamic.”
The Council of Islamic Ideology, a constitutional recommendatory body that gives legal counsel to the government but can't make its own laws, advised the government that Sharia law sets no minimum age for marriage, so laws prohibiting underage individuals from getting married do not adhere to Islamic principles.
It added that according to Islamic doctrine, the consummation of the marriage, called Rukshati, should only happen when both husband and wife have reached puberty.
“The laws limiting the age for both the segments of marriage are un-Islamic and needed to be rectified,” CII chairman Maulana Mohammad Khan Sheerani told Pakistani English-language newspaper Dawn.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Pakistan's Prohibition of Child Marriages Act stipulates that the age of marriage is 16 for women and 18 for men. The law has been in place since the country was founded.
Child marriage leads to high infant mortality rates from girls getting pregnant too early. Research conducted by the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine reveals that one in 14 births to youthful mothers — girls under 18 — results in the baby's death before its first birthday, in Pakistan as well as in Bangladesh, India, and Nepal.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Sheerani also criticized laws forbidding polygamy.
“Sharia [Islamic law] allows men to have more than one wife, and we demanded that the government should amend the law,” he told reporters. “The government should amend the law to make the issue of more than one marriage easy and in accordance with Sharia.”
Zohra Yusuf, chairwoman of the independent Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, accused the council of “wishing to open a new front against women and to reinforce the militants' siege of the state”— the Pakistani Taliban. She said the attack on child marriage laws is “against the spirit of the religion.”
Sources: IB Times, Dawn, Newsweek Pakistan
undefined
Happy birthday, David Lynch! The writer director is celebrating his 70th birthday today.
Lynch is known for his experimental and challenging choices as a director, often creating eerie dream sequences and suspenseful sound design. His best known works include films such as Blue Velvet, Mulholland Drive, Eraserhead, The Elephant Man, and Wild at Heart.
However, many fans in the ComicBook.com community known Lynch for his work on the classic Twin Peaks series which was recently revived by Showtime and will premiere in 2017.
Prior to his filmmaking fame, Lynch moved around a lot as a kid, but would likely call Montana home seeing as he was born in Missoula. He grew up and began studying painting at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and went on to make his first film while attending the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts.
Racing to the bottom, now we're here. Or how does an indie developer survive in 2016?
Alan Mendelevich Blocked Unblock Follow May 11, 2016
I belong to a lucky minority of people who knew what we wanted to do in life since the early teens. I wanted to be an “indie app developer” even though I didn't know any of these words back then. I knew that I wanted to create software on my own or with a small team of friends and make a living by selling this software directly to the customers.
Ten years later the internet made this dream possible. Thousands of independent developers started publishing their software on the internet in the form of shareware and making a living from what they loved to do. Soon enough corporations discovered the internet as a sales channel and cut the ground from under the indie's feet on the top of the pyramid. And hobbyist developers did the rest from the comfort of their corporate day job.
Most independent developers had to either get acquired by bigger companies or get “real jobs” and turn their products into hobby projects or just abandon them.
Fast-forward another 10 years or so and we get the Apple App Store. Indie developers are empowered once again. Unfortunately it doesn't take long for the history to repeat itself.
Bigger companies have mastered the science of optimizing lifetime customer value vs. user acquisition costs, while hobbyists and companies that don't care about direct revenue from the apps create a free alternative for anything indie developers come up with.
You may have an app that is actively used by 100,000 people — a bizarre number for a successful indie developer from the 90s — but you can only expect that 2% of them (upper bound of a de-facto industry standard) will ever pay for a new feature if you decide to release it as a paid in-app product. At a “standard” price of $0.99 you are looking to make around $1,300 at best. And the feature better provide a huge improvement over the free/previous version or you are going to hear from a lot of angry users questioning your integrity by “daring to charge 99 cents for that!!!”
So, where do we go from here?
25 or so years since my lifelong indie developer dream has formed, I still feel like this would be the perfect life for thousands of people like me. If I was fifteen again, I would still want to be an indie app developer. And it feels like more and more professions are moving into this “entrepreneurial” realm: journalists are leaving big publications to start their own blogs and podcasts, musicians leave the big labels, filmmakers make great documentaries with just a camera and a laptop, etc. Yet, it seems like software development is going in circles — a moment of empowerment for the small guys is followed by a long sobering period of disillusionment. Rinse, repeat.
In 2010, when my indie developer dream hit an unexpected wall (long story), I almost accidentally switched from trying to become a successful indie developer myself, to helping my indie developer friends reach success. At the time I've launched AdDuplex in early 2011, the main challenge for indie developers was getting discovered by the potential users. It seemed that once you get in front of enough of users the tools provided by the app stores and ad networks would let you lead a decent life. However now, in 2016, it doesn't seem to be the case anymore (see the tweet above).
In 2016 you need a team of data scientists and behavioral economists to figure out the best way to squeeze every penny out of your users without alienating too many of them. And another team to figure out where to get those users at scale for the price below what the first team managed to get.
But does it have to be that way? Do we have to suck it up and get “real jobs”? Do we have to wait for another cycle to get our 15 seconds of happiness once again? Could be. Maybe that's the only way — manage to grow into a corporation while some market is hot or go home. Maybe. But I don't want to accept it. I want to try to find other ways for indie developers to be successful. And that's what we are trying to do with our new product — AppStretch.
Our thesis is that out of the 2% of people willing to pay for something in your app there are 20%, 30%, maybe even 50% who are getting great value and joy from your app or game. And they are definitely willing to pay more than the measly 99 cents to get that new feature. Some may pay $5, some $10, some may even pay $50. And maybe there are even a few of the users who get enough value to justify spending a $1,000.
Additionally, these are the people who enjoy your app enough to have an informed opinion on how it can be improved — so why not give them a voice and also let them put their money where their mouth is? And, since not everyone is in equal economical situation and not everyone is able to spare even a $1 on an app they love, why not give them an opportunity to support you in some other way… like promoting your app through their social media accounts? This is exactly what AppStretch does — gives indie developers and their loyal fans a tool to make their apps better by crowdsourcing feature ideas, crowdfunding implementation of these ideas and crowdpromoting their availability.
We believe that this can re-enable indie developers without the need of another major market shift and we would love for you to join us on this mission.
Amnesty International today issued a chilling report revealing the pervasive use of torture on civilians by government forces while in Damascus. The visiting UN envoy is set to weigh in on Assad's response to the UN-proposed peace plan, according to Reuters.
The embattled Syrian leader was recently given what Annan described as "concrete proposals" for ending the violence there -- which has continued unabated since Annan's arrival over the weekend -- and is now considering the Assad's response.
Annan's spokesman, Ahmad Fawzi, told Reuters that the UN representative "will have more to say later today."
More from GlobalPost: Syrian regime forces have retaken most of the rebel stronghold of Idlib near the Turkish border
The report from Amnesty International comes a day after Human Rights Watch said Assad's forces are positioning landmines along the country's Turkish and Lebanese borders in order to block routes used by those fleeing violent political upheaval that has taken the lives of over 8,000 people, reported the BBC.
Amnesty International cites a total of 31 methods of torture being used by the authorities. The group also says it is also investigating "some reports of abuses" by armed opposition groups, recommending that the human rights situation there fall under the purview of the International Criminal Court.
Al Jazeera however notes this would require the approval of the UN Security Council, a group that has been unable to reach a consensus on Syria due to resistance from veto-weilding members Russia and China.
The revolt against Assad's regime in Syria is entering its first-year anniversary amid continued bloodshed, despite efforts by the international community to end the government's brutal crackdown on unrest.
Assad's forces on Tuesday reclaiming the rebel holdout of Idlib, which lies near the Turkish border, and Reuters today reports fresh violence in the southern city of Deraa.
World leaders, meanwhile, continue to raise concerns about the situation in Syria, a strategic country with a diverse population nestled between Turkey, Jordan, Israel, Iraq and Lebanon.
Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron is to discuss Syria during talks with US President Obama today while on his three-day US tour, telling reporters today that "the shortest way of ending the violence is a transition where Assad goes, rather than a revolution from the bottom," according to The Telegraph.
The UN said Tuesday it is sending human rights monitors into Syria's border countries to collect eyewitness testimony on abuses there, said Reuters.
Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association delivered a stirring defense of gun ownership at the Conservative Political Action Conference in the wake of the mass shooting in Arizona.
"Right now, in the United States, 7 million law-abiding Americans legally carry a concealed firearm, 7 million in almost every state in the country," he said. "And across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it. The whole flock is safer when the wolves can't tell the difference between the lions and the lambs."
It's a matter of opinion whether a national "right to carry" law is a good idea, but we were interested in his statement that "violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it." So we decided to check it out.
We looked at the most recent statistics on violent crime and found that was not the case. Additionally, academic researchers disagree about whether deeper statistical analysis reveals any patterns, and the National Academies of Science concluded that with current evidence it's not possible to find a causal link between right-to-carry laws and crime rates. We rated his statement False.
The F-5E was developed by Northrop Corporation in early 1970s. The light tactical fighter is an upgraded version based on previous F-5A developments. The F-5s' combat role encompasses air superiority, ground support, and ground attack. Given its mission flexibility, ease of operation, and low cost, the Tiger II has, and continues to serve, air forces across the globe.
The F-5Е is armed with two 20-mm М39-А3 cannons with 280 rounds per each cannon. The cannons are located in the nose section, forward of the cockpit. Special deflectors are used to avoid compressor stall conditions caused by hot gas ingestion as a bi-product of operating the M-39-A3. Each cannon is capable of firing at a rate of 1500 to 1700 rounds per minute.
Each wingtip incorporates a launcher rail capable of firing AIM-9 infrared-guided missiles.
Five hard points (one centerline pylon and four underwing pylons) allow the aircraft to carry different types of air-to-ground weapons (bombs, cluster munitions, and rockets) 6,400 pounds (about 3000 kg) in total. In addition, illumination ammunition and cargo containers can be attached. To increase flight duration and range, external fuel tanks can be attached to three hard points (a centerline pylon and two inboard pylons). Maneuverability and speed can be maximized in combat by jettisoning all external stores.
Key Features of the DCS: F-5E Tiger II:
These are example configuration files for use with FreeRADIUS 2.2.5 on a Debian Jessie system. They may be usable on other versions of FreeRADIUS, as well as other UNIX/Linux distributions.
You'll need to put the ca.pem , dh , server.key , and server.pem files in /etc/freeradius/certs .
Below is an example of what you need to put in /etc/freeradius/eap.conf to handle the proper authentication methods, as well as enable future functionality.
You'll need a client configuration for each Unifi device (or device group) that will be querying the FreeRADIUS server.
Note: each device (such as a UAP) will need to have to connectivity to the FreeRADIUS server - this includes both a network route, and TCP/UDP ports 1812 and 1813.
In /etc/freeradius/clients.conf , add one group like:
client 192.168.0.0/24 { secret = CHANGEME nastype = other }
Farewell, my Grand Old Party
Lionel Sosa, a businessman and advertising consultant, stands in front of a painting of his wife, Kathy, in 2015. He is newly appointed as one of three chairmen of the Alamo Citizen Advisory Committee. Lionel Sosa, a businessman and advertising consultant, stands in front of a painting of his wife, Kathy, in 2015. He is newly appointed as one of three chairmen of the Alamo Citizen Advisory Committee. Photo: Billy Calzada /Staff Photographer Photo: Billy Calzada /Staff Photographer Image 1 of / 39 Caption Close Farewell, my Grand Old Party 1 / 39 Back to Gallery
Ronald Reagan, the man who became the Republican's Republican, was once a Democrat. “I didn't leave my party, my party left me,” he declared.
Today, many Republicans are feeling much as Reagan must have felt back in 1962 when he officially switched parties.
I became a Republican more than 60 years ago as a teen after watching Dwight Eisenhower give his acceptance speech at the 1952 convention. His message touched me because he sounded like my dad. “Republicans,” he affirmed, “believe in family. In God. In hard work. Patriotism. Low taxes. Small government. Freedom. Opportunity for all.”
Ike sounded just like my dad, who always voted Democrat even though he was a strict conservative, something I never understood. Dad and Mom remained Democrats as long as they lived. I became the black sheep in the family — an oddity back then — a Mexican American Republican.
My belief in the Republican philosophy paid off many times over. They opened the doors of opportunity so wide, all I had to do was walk right through. In '78, Republican Sen. John Tower chose my ad agency to produce all re-election advertising even though we had no political experience. He and his staff just liked our ads and the fact that two of our four partners were Latino.
When Tower won, he rewarded us with an introduction to Reagan, who hired us for his Hispanic outreach. When Reagan won, he introduced us to George H.W. Bush. After he won, he introduced us to his son, George W. Bush, and a young skinny kid with lots of hair by the name of Karl Rove.
From 1978 until 2008, our team had the honor of working in the big arena of presidential politics. Five of the six campaigns were winners. And so were we. My wife, Kathy, and I were invited to lunch at the White House, several White House Christmas parties and, among many other things, a state dinner where, for one unforgettable night, we rubbed elbows with Supreme Court justices, Cabinet members, movie stars, famous politicians and corporate giants. Yes, opportunity courtesy of the GOP abounded.
In those days, the Grand Old Party was indeed grand. Reagan and Bush 41 brought down a wall. Reagan gave amnesty to 3 million hardworking Mexican immigrants who, through their strong work ethic, helped our economy grow stronger and our country more secure.
Bush 41 promoted a “kinder, gentler nation.” His “thousand points of light” strengthened bonds between churches and communities across America.
George W. was the “compassionate conservative” who believed family values don't stop at the Rio Grande. He was proud of the Latino blood that runs in the Bush family, referring to his Mexican sister-in-law, Columba Bush, and his nephews, including George P. Bush, Texas land commissioner. He also believed our president should be a “unifier” not a “divider.”
That's all gone.
Instead of “Tear down this wall,” the party promotes a new and bigger wall. A thousand points of light has been replaced by a thousand points of anger. In place of compassionate conservatism, our nominee promotes callousness, extremism and racism. And instead of a unifier, the party now cheers the ultimate “us against them” proponent. Divisiveness incarnate.
So, if my party winds up electing Donald Trump, I'll have to bid farewell, hoping that one day soon, it comes to its senses. Here's my thinking. This madness could be temporary because our nominee is not really a Republican. Nor a real conservative. He's just a shark, a self-promoter out to see how far his out-of-control ego can take him.
Here's my quandary. If my party's left me, where do I go? What should I do when there isn't a horse in the race that stands for the core values of the party that I loved? I may just go for the devil we know instead of the lunatic we don't know.
In the words of Paul Ryan, “I can't defend the indefensible.”
Once again the title doesn't leave much to the imagination on this one so we'll cut to the chase: we're super stoked to welcome Molly Lewis as our newest author here at Skate The East! For those of you who don't know Molly you'll soon be very familiar, not only because you'll be hearing more from her here, but also because she's easily one of the most talented ladies in the sport right now.
Hailing from North Carolina, Molly rides for Original Skateboards, Holesom Pucks, Socco Socks, Aussie Island Skate Shop and reps the east coast wherever she goes. We're looking forward to hearing more about her numerous skate trips and thoughts in general and think she'll be a perfect addition to the crew here! She'll tell you a little more about herself in an intro post soon; until then join us in giving a big warm welcome to Molly!
Check out Molly taking the podium after winning the Ladies' Freeride competition at the 3rd Annual Central Mass event.
Mayoral Election 2012
Results from London are expected on Friday 4 May.
Conservative Boris Johnson is declared Mayor of London
Election results overview Name Party Final total % Johnson CON 51.53% 1,054,811 51.53 Livingstone LAB 48.47% 992,273 48.47
Voting Details Name Party 1st Pref % 2nd Pref % Final Total Boris Johnson CON 971,931 44.01 82,880 44.74 1,054,811 Ken Livingstone LAB 889,918 40.30 102,355 55.26 992,273 Jenny Jones GRN 98,913 4.48 Brian Paddick LD 91,774 4.16 Siobhan Benita IND 83,914 3.80 Lawrence Webb UKIP 43,274 1.96 Carlos Cortiglia BNP 28,751 1.30 Counting Complete
Second preference votes are only used to elect the mayor if no candidate receives more than 50% of the vote. The top two candidates then receive the second preference votes from their eliminated opponents.
Read more about how the election works
For the first time in more than a decade, a group of tentacled snakes was born at the Smithsonian's National Zoo.
The eight baby snakes, which sport little feelers on their noses, were born Oct. 21 after four years of unsuccessful breeding attempts, the zoo announced Thursday (Nov. 8).
The unusual aquatic species from Southeast Asia is not endangered, but researchers say it's poorly understood. The creatures, referred to as Erpeton tentaculatus in the scientific community, are relatively small, growing to about 20-35 inches (50-90 centimeters) in length, and they're the only snakes with two short tentacles on their snouts, which allow the reptiles to sense vibrations from fish that swim by.
Tentacled snakes spend their lives in water and use their tails to steady themselves as they wait to ambush their prey. Recent research has focused on how the snakes use their sharp hunting skills to scare fish right into their mouths. A study detailed in the journal PLoS ONE in 2010 showed that the adept predators have evolved a mechanism to capture spooked prey that end up parallel to their heads instead of in front of the snake's open jaws. Apparently, their nervous systems allow them to predict where a fish prey will end up when startled.
The tentacled snakes also develop at an astonishingly fast rate, which staff at the zoo in Washington, D.C., witnessed firsthand.
"Within a few hours of being born, the snakes were already acting like adults," Matt Evans, a keeper at the Smithsonian's Reptile Discovery Center, said in a statement. "Instincts took over and they were hunting. We don't know much about this cryptic species, but we're already learning so much just watching them grow."
The snake babies will likely be sent to other zoos when they get older, Smithsonian officials said. Four adult tentacled snakes, meanwhile, are on display at the zoo's Reptile Discovery Center.
Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.
Related on LiveScience and MNN:
This story was originally written for LiveScience and is reprinted with permission here. Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company.
8 snakes with tiny tentacles born at National Zoo
After numerous unsuccessful attempts, 8 snakes with feelers on their noses were successfully bred and born at the Smithsonian National Zoological Park.
The 2016 Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology was awarded to Yoshinori Ohsumi of the Tokyo Institute of Technology for basic research describing a fundamental housekeeping function of the cell—a process called autophagy. From the Greek for "self-eating," autophagy is the straightforward mechanism by which a cell digests certain large internal structures and semipermanent proteins in a continual cleanup process. The process may have evolved as a response to starvation, in which cells cannibalized some of their own parts in order to continue living. But over the eons it has become an essential tool used by cells to maintain their own health, resist infection and possibly even fight cancer.
Autophagy is particularly important in cells such as neurons, which tend to be long-lived and thus need continual renewal and refurbishment. The process takes place in the cytoplasm, the jelly-like fluid that fills the cell outside the nucleus. As described in a 2008 article in Scientific American, "the workings of the cytoplasm are so complex...that it is constantly becoming gummed up with the detritus of its ongoing operations. Autophagy is, in part, a cleanup process; the trash hauling that enables a cell whose cytoplasm is clotted with old bits of protein and other unwanted sludge to be cleaned out." Problems with autophagy may contribute to neuronal damage in Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and other neurodegenerative diseases.
Understanding autophagy has taken decades. Research in the 1950s by Belgian scientist Christian de Duve had revealed a previously unknown structure within the cell that de Duve called a lysosome. He and others determined that the organelle contained many enzymes that would, under the right circumstances, tear apart proteins and even other organelles, allowing their constituent parts to be reused or ejected by the cells. De Duve was one of three people to win the Nobel for this and other work in 1974 (pdf).
And there things stood until the 1990s when Ohsumi decided to study the problem in yeast, which are often used in the lab to model the basic processes at work in the cells of higher organisms, including humans. For historical reasons, lysosomes in yeast are called vacuoles.
Many investigators at the time seemed to think that autophagy was important only in special circumstances, such as starvation. Vacuoles form in yeast when nutrients are scarce, which starts a process by which yeast develop spores that can spread presumably to more fertile territory. But Ohsumi viewed this lack of research focus as unique opportunity to have a research field almost entirely to himself. "I chose the transport of materials to the yeast vacuoles as my research project, because no one else was studying it," Ohsumi said in an interview after winning the Inamori Foundation's Kyoto Prize in 2012 (he also won the Janssen Award for Biomedical Research earlier this year).
Today, scientists recognize that autophagy is fundamental to a cell's continued good health and have even specialized in describing particular types of autophagy—such as the digestion and degradation of worn-out mitochondria (the cell's powerhouse ) and the endoplasmic reticulum, which assembles, folds and delivers proteins to the rest of the cell.
MIAMI (Reuters) - Retired England soccer star David Beckham has chosen Miami for a new U.S. Major League Soccer expansion team, a source familiar with the negotiations said on Tuesday.
Los Angeles Galaxy's David Beckham reacts during a news confrence in Jakarta November 28, 2011. REUTERS/Beawiharta
The former England captain who retired earlier this year after stints with Manchester United, Real Madrid and the MLS club L.A. Galaxy, had been considering several locations and toured Miami this summer, meeting with city and county leaders.
His MLS player contract included an option to create a new team for $25 million.
Beckham was still putting together a team of investors, the source said. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because Beckham's plans have yet to be officially announced.
His representatives are already looking at sites for a purpose-built soccer-only stadium, according to a well-placed source in Miami's business community.
“They have people looking real hard. They want to be in the urban core,” the person said.
A fan group which has been campaigning for a team to come to the city welcomed the news. Julio Caballero, spokesman for the group, which calls itself MLS Miami Bid, posted “It's our time,” on the group's Facebook page.
MLS confirmed it was in discussions with Beckham but declined to confirm if a deal had been struck.
“We are continuing our discussions with David Beckham regarding future ownership of an MLS expansion team,” said Dan Courtemanche, a spokesman for MLS.
“Our policy regarding discussions with potential expansion team owners is that we keep those conversations private until the individuals we are speaking with decide they want to go public with their plans. Thus, it is more appropriate for David Beckham to comment on his plans.”
Miami officials also reacted cautiously to the news. “We've not had any official notification that David Beckham has chosen Miami for a new Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise,” Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez said in a statement.
“That said, I join the hundreds of thousands of soccer fans throughout South Florida who are ready and eagerly waiting for an MLS team to be established in Miami. A world-class community like Miami-Dade County, also known as the Gateway to the Americas, would be a fitting home for the world's most popular sport.”
The greater Miami area has a large and growing Latin American population and local sports bars always draw large crowds during the World Cup soccer tournament every four years.
More than 70,000 fans attended an International Champions Cup match in Miami between Real Madrid and Chelsea in August.
PREVIOUS TEAMS
The city briefly had an MLS team, the Miami Fusion, which played in neighboring Fort Lauderdale. It joined MLS in 1998 but was closed by the then struggling league after four seasons.
The only professional team in the area is the Fort Lauderdale Strikers, which plays in the second-tier North American Football League.
When he was in Miami in June, Beckham visited two potential stadiums and declared Miami an “exciting” venue for a top-flight soccer team.
Beckham visited Sun Life Stadium, home to the NFL's Miami Dolphins, whose owner Stephen Ross has expressed interest in investing in soccer events, and met with the Dolphins Chief Executive Mike Dee.
Sun Life can hold around 75,000 fans and has hosted several international soccer friendlies in recent years but may be considered overly large for an MLS team.
Together with British entrepreneur Simon Fuller, whose management company 19 Entertainment handles Beckham's business affairs, Beckham later visited a 20,000-seat stadium at Florida International University.
Beckham was also accompanied by Bolivian-born billionaire Marcelo Claure, chief executive officer of Brightstar Corporation, a Miami-based wireless services company, who is also an avid soccer fan and owns one of Bolivia's top clubs, Bolivar.
Some sources have suggested Beckham might also be looking at the Miami Marlins baseball stadium as a temporary venue until a new soccer-only stadium is built.
By failing to explain why a moratorium on breeding chimpanzees seems not to have been enforced, the US National Institutes of Health risks a further loss of public support for chimp research.
Research using chimpanzees is under closer scrutiny than usual in the United States, with the Institute of Medicine scheduled to report next month on whether government funding for the work continues to be scientifically justified. So it is, to put it mildly, an unfortunate time for questions to be raised about a key research centre's ability and willingness to follow a 16-year-old moratorium on chimpanzee breeding. It is also a sensitive time for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, Maryland — the agency that funds the research on behalf of the US taxpayer — to be reluctant to answer key questions about its enforcement of the moratorium at the New Iberia Research Center (NIRC), near Lafayette in Louisiana.
The centre houses 348 chimps, of which 117 are NIH-owned, and receives a steady stream of public funds for their upkeep — around US$1 million a year. The NIRC has also received more than $6 million since 2002 to supply very young chimps to the NIH's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases for hepatitis C studies — a project that the institute calls “essential” for progress towards a vaccine.
The moratorium is designed to cap upkeep costs and prevent the taxpayer from picking up the bill for a lifetime of care for chimps born to publicly owned animals. But as Nature reports this week (see page 453), the NIRC has been forced to admit to the births of 137 infant chimps to NIH-owned animals between 2000 and 2009 — revealed by the Humane Society of the United States in Washington DC using state and federal laws on freedom of information.
“The US public supports biomedical research in good faith and deserves better.”
In defence of the NIRC, its director Thomas Rowell points to a clause in the written agreement between the NIH and the NIRC, which stipulates that infant chimps born during the funding period become the property of the centre, not of the NIH. The taxpayer is thus not responsible, he argues, and a valuable biomedical resource is maintained.
Yet surely the provision was written to protect the NIH from financial responsibility for infant chimps that are born occasionally and accidentally — not as the go-ahead for a breeding programme conducted with a nod and a wink? After all, the agreement also stipulates that “as a condition of this award, a moratorium on breeding activities ... will remain in effect”.
The moratorium was introduced by the NIH in 1995 for fiscal reasons; it costs at least $300,000 to support a single chimp for its lifetime. But today the moratorium carries increasing moral weight, as public opposition to chimp research has grown and the United States has become one of only two nations that supports such work.
Almost as disturbing as the NIRC's stance — which seems cavalier at best, and openly defiant of the moratorium at worst — is the silence with which the NIH has greeted repeated enquiries from Nature and others. It is not as if the agency has been caught off-guard; it has known that the issue was simmering since the summer of 2010, when the Humane Society took evidence of the 137 chimp births to the US Senate committee that funds the NIH. In a written report, the committee asked the NIH to look into the allegation that the NIRC was openly breaching the moratorium. The NIH, responding in writing, minimized the findings, saying that only 28 births to NIH-owned animals had been recorded at the centre since 1995, and arguing that the NIRC “is in compliance with the conditions of the moratorium” because it assumed ownership of the animals.
The agency has since refused to discuss its responses and has not answered a petition from the Humane Society that was filed eight months ago with the Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH's parent agency, asking that the centre's NIH funding be revoked.
The US public, which supports biomedical research in good faith and is increasingly concerned about the welfare of research animals in general, and chimps in particular, deserves better. The NIH should fully explain how it enforces the breeding moratorium at the NIRC. It should say how it is possible that 137 births in a decade were somehow permitted. And it should address publicly how one of its institutes can in good conscience pay for and use a steady supply of infant chimps born in apparent breach of the moratorium.
Until officials are fully open with the public and demonstrate convincingly that the research centres they help to fund are both competent and compliant with the rules — and that, when they are not, the proper sanctions will ensue — US chimpanzee research risks losing public support entirely, and with good reason.
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
About this article Publication history Published 23 November 2011 DOI https://doi.org/10.1038/479445a
President Donald Trump after addressing a Faith and Freedom conference at the Omni Shoreham Hotel on Thursday in in Washington. AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin
After a day of Twitter silence, President Donald Trump responded Friday morning to former FBI Director James Comey's bombshell Senate testimony.
"Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!" Trump tweeted.
In public statements to the Senate Intelligence Committee, Comey on Thursday testified under oath that he had come to believe that Trump fired him "because of the Russia investigation" into whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to meddle in the 2016 election. Comey also said he wrote memos following meetings with the president because he was afraid Trump would lie about the nature of them.
Comey, whom Trump fired on May 9, also said the Trump administration tried to defame him as well as the FBI by describing the bureau as being in disarray at the time of his dismissal. Comey described statements like that as "lies, plain and simple."
Trump's claim that Comey "is a leaker" appears to stem from an acknowledgement by the former FBI director on Thursday that he instructed a friend to leak to the news media the content of the memos about his meetings with Trump. Comey said he did so to help spur the appointment of a special counsel to lead the Russia investigation.
Trump's personal attorney Marc Kasowitz suggested Thursday that Comey lied under oath and accused him of making "unauthorized disclosures" to the press.
At least one major Democrat was quick to suggest that Trump's tweet implied Comey lied under oath.
"Making a false statement to Congress is a felony," Sen. Brian Schatz tweeted. "This is not just another silly tweet."
Researchers from the University of Pennsylvania have demonstrated a new mechanism for extracting energy from light, a finding that could improve technologies for generating electricity from solar energy and lead to more efficient optoelectronic devices used in communications.
Dawn Bonnell, Penn's vice provost for research and Trustee Professor of Materials Science and Engineering in the School of Engineering and Applied Science, led the work, along with David Conklin, a doctoral student. The study involved a collaboration among additional Penn researchers, through the Nano/Bio Interface Center, as well as a partnership with the lab of Michael J. Therien of Duke University.
"We're excited to have found a process that is much more efficient than conventional photoconduction," Bonnell said. "Using such an approach could make solar energy harvesting and optoelectronic devices much better."
The study was published in the journal ACS Nano and was discussed at a press conference at the American Chemical Society National Meeting and Exhibition in Indianapolis today.
The new work centers on plasmonic nanostructures, specifically, materials fabricated from gold particles and light-sensitive molecules of porphyin, of precise sizes and arranged in specific patterns. Plasmons, or a collective oscillation of electrons, can be excited in these systems by optical radiation and induce an electrical current that can move in a pattern determined by the size and layout of the gold particles, as well as the electrical properties of the surrounding environment.
Because these materials can enhance the scattering of light, they have the potential to be used to advantage in a range of technological applications, such as increasing absorption in solar cells.
In 2010, Bonnell and colleagues published a paper in ACS Nano reporting the fabrication of a plasmonic nanostructure, which induced and projected an electrical current across molecules. In some cases they designed the material, an array of gold nanoparticles, using a technique Bonnell's group invented, known as ferroelectric nanolithography.
The discovery was potentially powerful, but the scientists couldn't prove that the improved transduction of optical radiation to an electrical current was due to the "hot electrons" produced by the excited plasmons. Other possibilities included that the porphyin molecule itself was excited or that the electric field could focus the incoming light.
"We hypothesized that, when plasmons are excited to a high energy state, we should be able to harvest the electrons out of the material," Bonnell said. "If we could do that, we could use them for molecular electronics device applications, such as circuit components or solar energy extraction."
To examine the mechanism of the plasmon-induced current, the researchers systematically varied the different components of the plasmonic nanostructure, changing the size of the gold nanoparticles, the size of the porphyin molecules and the spacing of those components. They designed specific structures that ruled out the other possibilities so that the only contribution to enhanced photocurrent could be from the hot electrons harvested from the plasmons.
"In our measurements, compared to conventional photoexcitation, we saw increases of three to 10 times in the efficiency of our process," Bonnell said. "And we didn't even optimize the system. In principle you can envision huge increases in efficiency."
Devices incorporating this process of harvesting plasmon-induced hot electrons could be customized for different applications by changing the size and spacing of nanoparticles, which would alter the wavelength of light to which the plasmon responds.
"You could imagine having a paint on your laptop that acted like a solar cell to power it using only sunlight," Bonnell said. "These materials could also improve communications devices, becoming part of efficient molecular circuits."
The Penn team included Bonnell, Conklin, Sanjini Nanayakkara and Xi Chen from Engineering's Department of Materials Science and Engineering and Tae-Hong Park from the School of Arts and Sciences' Department of Chemistry. Other coauthors included Marie F. Lagadec from ETH Zurich and Therien and Joshua T. Stecher of Duke.
How do you help a wounded animal that thinks you want to hurt it, and could tear you to shreds in a matter of seconds if it ever gets its paws on you?
Very, very carefully.
A heart-stopping video shows rescuers in Utah working to free a ticked-off mountain lion who got caught in a bobcat trap.
The rescue was captured on video by Division of Wildlife Resources conservation officer Mark Ekins, who told KSL that most cougars can escape bobcat traps on their own without injury.
But from time to time, this happens.
Ekins admitted he was nervous during the rescue effort, and said that's a good thing.
"If I wasn't nervous or started to lack respect for the power of that animal, it could potentially be very dangerous," Ekins told the station. "I'm nervous and I'm extremely careful when doing it… I've probably only done three in my career that were as big as the one you saw. That was a really big one."
Not only does the cougar look intimidating, it also lets out a few angry snarls that sound like something out of a horror movie. (Hit the audio button in the gif below to hear.)
Ekins told KUTV that he and the other rescuer used catch poles to immobilize the cougar. He said they could also use tranquilizers, but the poles are "more humane and a lot safer."
Once the cougar was held down, they put a blanket over it, released the trapped paw and stood back until the cat realized it was free to go. The mountain lion ran off with one of the catch poles still attached, but dropped it not too far away.
Ekins told KUTV that the big cat had a cut on its paw but was otherwise fine.
Pascual Serrano
Periodista. Su último libro es “ Medios democráticos. Una revolución pendiente en la comunicación“, Akal.
Ya tenemos en portada de periódicos, apertura de informativos y centro de tertulias la denuncia de la Asociación de la Prensa de Madrid contra Podemos por su “acoso” y “presión” a periodistas. La organización de periodistas ha convertido en principal noticia nacional una información sin fuentes identificadas, ni datos, ni pruebas ni testimonios de periodistas con nombre y apellidos. O sea, un rumor, eso que en primer curso de Periodismo dejan claro que no es noticia.
La siguiente reflexión es analizar ¿qué puede hacer más daño, lo que diga un diputado de Podemos en la oposición a un periodista de un diario, una radio o una televisión nacional, o lo que publique o difunda uno de esos periodistas sobre un diputado?
Decir que un diputado de Podemos, o un tuitero de Podemos, coacciona y limita la independencia de un periodista de El País, Antena3, la Ser o de un tertuliano de LaSexta es como si Goliath denunciase la agresión de David. Es evidente que un periodista en cualquiera de esos medios tiene muchas más capacidad de fuego contra cualquier político de la oposición que al contrario.
La denuncia de la APM habla de “ataques a periodistas en sus propias tribunas, en reproches y alusiones personales en entrevistas, foros y actos públicos, o directamente en Twitter”. Añade que “el acoso pretende minar la credibilidad y el prestigio de estos profesionales, sometidos en ocasiones a un bombardeo constante de mensajes que intentan descalificar o ridiculizar su trabajo y recortar su libertad de información. La APM considera totalmente incompatible con el sistema democrático que un partido, sea el que sea, trate de orientar y controlar el trabajo de los periodistas y limitar su independencia”.
¿Y por qué un político no puede pretender descalificar y minar la credibilidad de un periodista si considera que el trabajo que muestra esa periodista no está contrastado, o, lo que es lo mismo, miente? Los políticos, además de recibir rapapolvos constantes de ciudadanos y, por supuesto, de periodistas, critican y descalifican si lo consideran oportuno (y dentro de la legalidad) a to-do tipo de profesionales: a fiscales como el del juicio del caso Noos, a arquitectos como Santiago Calatrava, a directores de hospitales, a abogados, a banqueros, a policías y comisarios, a militares, al rey, incluso a jueces. La APM pretende que los periodistas, esos profesionales que pueden desde sus tribunas (precisamente) “minar la credibilidad y el prestigio” de políticos o quien consideren bajo la cobertura de la libertad de expresión, después no puedan recibir críticas. Un político, e incluso un militante, puede (y debe) denunciar y criticar si el periodista ha difundido mal sus palabras, le acusa de algo falso o silencia su voz ante la opinión pública. Eso también es luchar por la libertad de expresión.
Como ya señaló Ignacio Ramonet, vivimos en una sociedad donde la mayoría de los grupos de presión tiene un contrapoder: Frente al gobierno hay una oposición, frente a los empresarios existen sindicatos, ante el poder de las empresas se crean asociación de consumidores. Sin embargo, el llamado cuarto poder no tiene ningún contrapoder ante el que responder o que pueda denunciar su insalubridad si la hubiere. El derecho a la información no es patrimonio de los periodistas, sino de los ciudadanos, por eso debemos conocer las quejas que tiene un político de los periodistas, con nombre y apellidos.
En el programa Salvados del pasado domingo, alguien le recriminaba a Pablo Iglesias que “se metía mucho con Eduardo Inda”. ¿Y por qué no puede hacerlo si no está de acuerdo con la mala praxis de ese periodista? Incluso ya se han demostrado mentiras de ese periodista contra Pablo Iglesias sobre financiación de Venezuela por las que ha acabado en el banquillo. ¿Se imaginan a un político quejándose de que un periodista se mete mucho con él? Le responderíamos que se aguante, que eso forma parte de libertad de expresión.
No deja de ser curioso que está denuncia de la APM aparezca dos meses después de que, con los votos de Podemos, esta asociación haya perdido la subvención de 8,6 millones de euros que recibía del gobierno madrileño para que sus periodistas y familiares pudieran tener una sanidad privada y no tuvieran que mezclarse en salas de espera y quirófanos con el resto de los mortales. Les faltó decir que eso también era un ataque a la libertad de expresión.
Los periodistas saben bien que quién atenta contra la libertad de expresión no es un fan de Podemos conectado a Twitter ni Pablo Iglesias durante el acto de presentación de un libro, sino esos bancos que retiran o niegan financiación a los medios que no les gustan, esos grandes anunciantes que con sus anuncios deciden quiénes se mantienen y quiénes desaparecen, esa publicidad institucional que políticos gobernantes reparten entre los medios sumisos. También saben que la principal censura que sufren es una precariedad laboral por la que cada día se van a casa sabiendo que trabajaran mañana solo si lo que han escrito le gusta (en forma, pero también en contenido) a sus jefe y a los que pagan a sus jefe.
Lo que es un ataque al periodismo, querida presidenta de la APM, es ocultar durante veinte años a los españoles que el presidente del gobierno de entonces le confesase en una entrevista que no convocó un referéndum sobre la monarquía porque sabía que lo perdía.
A A
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) - A Senate committee led by firearm-friendly lawmakers blocked five gun control bills Friday, suggesting that this year's momentum related to weapons laws may not be enough to win passage.
Members of the Law and Justice Committee voted to reject a variety of proposals, including one that would have created a task force to study weapon violence and another that would have created a specific crime for people who leave out loaded guns for children to access. Sen. Adam Kline, D-Seattle, expressed frustration after the hearing, saying the majority on the committee was stuck in "mindless, rigid refusal" that rejects even common sense ideas.
"They are in such rigid refusal, they just can't see it," Kline said.
Kline said he suspected that if the Connecticut school massacre hadn't happened recently, his proposal related to child access to guns would have passed unanimously.
Sen. Mike Padden, R-Spokane Valley, chairs the committee and decided not to hold public hearings on many of the gun proposals. Democrats moved to take votes on the measures ahead of Friday's deadline for policy bills, and Padden argued that the bills should be rejected because they didn't have a proper public debate.
"We haven't had a hearing to hear both sides on this," Padden said on Democratic Sen. Jeanne Kohl-Welles' proposal on child access to guns.
Kohl-Welles noted that her bill had 24 sponsors in the Senate, including two Republicans and Senate Majority Leader Rodney Tom.
The state House is working on a plan to expand background checks, with the help of a Republican lawmaker who works as a police officer, providing perhaps the best hope for gun control supporters who have worked on such a bill for years. Padden said he wasn't sure whether that bill would get a hearing in his committee.
Sen. Pam Roach, a Republican lawmaker on the Law and Justice Committee, had spoken positively about the first bill considered - a plan that would allow law enforcement agencies to store weapons if people voluntarily surrender them for a period of time. But when it came time to vote, Roach paused before casting the deciding vote to reject the bill.
Roach then left the committee room for the remainder of the votes, leaving the bills to die on 3-3 ties. Roach did not immediately return a call seeking comment after the hearing.
In “The Science of Yoga,” William J. Broad brings something unusual to his subject: an open mind. Broad, the book's biographical note informs us, has practiced yoga since 1970. For nearly that long he has also been a science reporter for The New York Times, writing books like “Teller's War: The Top-Secret Story Behind the Star Wars Deception” along the way. But Broad brings neither the boosterism of a yoga devotee nor the leeriness of a professional skeptic to his project — just curiosity, energy and a commitment to follow where his investigations lead. That route turns out to be a long and meandering one, ending up at an ambiguous, or at least ambivalent, conclusion. Though “The Science of Yoga” lacks the clarity of a book that sets out to define and defend a preconceived position, what it does offer is an intellectually honest exploration that is true to yoga's own winding path.
Broad's objective is simple enough: to evaluate in scientific terms the claims made for yoga. But this turns out to be more complicated than it seems. For one thing, there are the sheer number and variety of those claims: yoga, it is said, can prevent heart disease, reverse aging, eliminate pain, and bestow serenity and peace. Broad patiently and exhaustively examines the evidence for each of these assertions, revealing surprises along the way. Yes, yoga can reduce anxiety and improve mood. No, it won't help the overweight shed pounds. Yes, it may actually slow the body's biological clock. Broad doesn't just discuss the results of the scientific literature; he weighs the relative prestige of the journal in which the studies were published and scrutinizes each experiment's design and methodology. This is more information than some readers may want, but Broad leaves no doubt that he's done his homework.
This dogged pursuit of the truth about yoga enables Broad to excavate its remarkable history. He combs through decades of studies, talks to hundreds of scientists and practitioners and roams the world in search of the real deal on yoga. Locating its origins in India thousands of years ago, he recounts his visits to “historians, archives, literary societies and more, traveling by bus, subway, bicycle rickshaw and train (open doors, looking out over villages and smoky morning fires).” In Calcutta, he visits a library so obscure and little-used that dust covers the books and cobwebs hang, horror-movie style, from the ceiling. What he finds in these records bears little resemblance to the yoga we know today as the quintessential activity of a clean-living, upper-middle-class American lifestyle. The yogis of old, Broad notes, “were often vagabonds who engaged in ritual sex or showmen who contorted their bodies to win alms — even while dedicating their lives to high spirituality.” They read palms, interpreted dreams and sold charms; they promoted yoga as the way to sexual ecstasy (“yoga,” Broad tells us, means “union,” and not just the spiritual kind).
Yoga's bid for respectability began with its home country's campaign for independence from Britain. In 1924, an Indian nationalist named Jagannath G. Gune established a sprawling compound dedicated to the scientific study of yoga. The goal was to give the ancient and often unsavory ritual “a bright new face that radiated with science and hygiene, health and fitness” — to present it as an indigenous practice that Indians could point to as proof of both their traditional wisdom and their swift modernization. The rebranding was a spectacular success. Yoga as a means to physical fitness and psychological equilibrium spread quickly around the world, and once it reached the United States in the early years of the 20th century, it changed yet again. Broad uncovers the fascinating fact that many of the practices we associate most closely with yoga, like the flowing series of poses known as the Sun Salutation, have no ancient pedigree, but are instead modern inventions.
Photo
If this history is recounted in intricate, perhaps excessive detail (it comes complete with a list of “main characters” that spans seven pages), one grows to appreciate Broad's conscientiousness upon arriving at his chapter on yoga injuries — a real risk, he argues persuasively, that has been largely overlooked. The notion that a person can be hurt while engaging in yoga, Broad writes, “runs counter to yoga's reputation for healing and its promotion of superior levels of fitness and well-­being”; many current practitioners turned to yoga after being injured by more high-impact activities. Nevertheless, he makes a strong case that without careful precautions, yoga can produce painful or incapacitating impairments in the form of torn Achilles tendons, nerve damage, back injuries and even stroke.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Broad isn't done yet. His chapter on injuries is followed by discussions of yoga's power — real or not — to heal disease, enhance sexuality and uplift the spirit. His conclusion? “The discipline on balance does more good than harm.” It can relieve stress and decrease pain, but along with the possibility of serious injury, it can also lead to disappointment for those expecting a miraculous change to their bodies or psyches.
Find the right combination! ChessBase 15 program + new Mega Database 2019 with 7.6 million games and more than 70,000 master analyses. Plus ChessBase Magazine (DVD + magazine) and CB Premium membership for 1 year!
In computer chess there is no getting past Komodo, a two-time ICGA Computer World Chess Champion. Find out how Komodo can take your game to the next level!
10/9/2016 – In the last round of the Isle of Man International 2016 world's youngest IM, R. Praggnanandhaa, was up against Axel Bachmann. The Paraguayan GM started with an offbeat opening that soon turned into an opposite side castling. The 11-year-old was on top of his game has he started playing with great energy and imagination, and the value of each move became very high in this sharp battle. That's when Bachmann went wrong and Praggnandhaa was all over the white king, scoring a win with the black pieces in 18 moves against a 2645 opponent!
Isle of Man R09: How to mate a 2645 opponent in one hour!
Report by Sagar Shah
You are eleven years and two months old, and you are playing against an established grandmaster who is rated 2645 – one of the best players from South America.
The world's youngest IM, R. Praggnanandhaa, was up against GM Axel Bachmann in the last round of the Isle of Man. A little respect to such a strong opponent is natural, right? Well, in chess, as in life, you get what you give! Axel Bachmann began with an offbeat opening, trying to show that he can outplay Praggnanandhaa in non-theoretical lines.
The Nc3, Qd2, Bf4 setup is similar to the 150 attack and is quite potent if Black does not play up to the mark
Praggnanandhaa was ready for the opposite side castling and immediately attacked with ...c5!
The move c5-c4 is a common idea in the French Defence. It's very strong if White cannot do much. But Bachmann understood the urgency and immediately broke with e4!
Once you say A, you must say B! Praggnanandhaa keeps up his attack with the pawn sacrifice ...b5!
Blunders do not occur in vaccuum. The persistent black pressure forced Bachmann to make an error. White's last move, 14.Na3, was met with 14...c3!, when White is completely lost.
A picturesque final position. The entire black army has ganged up on the white king, and a forced mate is coming up.
[Event "chess.com IoM Masters"] [Site "Douglas ENG"] [Date "2016.10.09"] [Round "9.21"] [White "Bachmann, Axel"] [Black "Praggnanandhaa, R."] [Result "0-1"] [ECO "A45"] [WhiteElo "2645"] [BlackElo "2442"] [PlyCount "36"] [EventDate "2016.10.01"] {The last round has begun. 11-year-old Praggnanandhaa is up against a 2645 opponent.} 1. d4 Nf6 2. Bf4 g6 3. Nc3 {Axel realizes that playing non theoretical chess can be a good way to confuse the little boy. But the lad likes to play non-theoretical chess – he doesn't like to remember reams of theory like children his own age!} d5 4. Qd2 Bg7 5. Bh6 O-O 6. Bxg7 Kxg7 7. O-O-O { Both sides have castled on opposite wings. It can be said that it is easier for White to attack as he already has the hook on g6 and can begin with h4-h5. But let's learn from Praggnanandhaa on the art of how to attack.} c5 $1 { No pretensions! There is no time to waste!} 8. e3 (8. dxc5 Qa5 9. Kb1 Nc6 10. Nxd5 $2 Qxd2 11. Rxd2 Ne4 $19) 8... Nc6 9. f3 c4 $5 {In the French Defence, White does well to take dxc5 before going for 0-0-0. Here too it seemed logical that White should have taken on c5. Once c4 is played b5-b4 becomes a natural threat. Bachmann knows that, but how to stop it?} 10. e4 $1 { Understanding the dangers and quickly doing something about it.} b5 $1 { Fearless as always! You don't need to teach Praggu the art of attack!} 11. exd5 Nb4 12. Nxb5 $6 {This is going a bit too far.} (12. g4 Nfxd5 13. Nge2 {And the position remains complex.}) 12... Nxa2+ $1 13. Kb1 {Is the knight trapped on a2?} Qxd5 {The knight on b5 is attacked.} 14. Na3 (14. Nc3 {was the lesser evil, but Black is just better after} Nxc3+ 15. Qxc3 Ba6 $17 {The rooks soon double on the b-file and a strong attack is coming up.}) (14. Nc7 Qb7 $1 15. Bxc4 (15. Nxa8 c3 16. Qc1 Nxc1 $19) (15. Kxa2 Qxc7 $19) 15... Rb8 16. Nb5 Be6 $1 17. Bxa2 Bxa2+ 18. Kxa2 Qxb5 $19 {with a winning attack.}) 14... c3 { It's surprising that Bachmann missed this move. Otherwise why would he allow it?} 15. bxc3 Rb8+ 16. Ka1 Qa5 {And just like that the 11-year-old has completely decimated the white king!} 17. Kxa2 Nd5 $1 18. Ne2 (18. c4 Nc3+ $19) 18... Be6 {What a resounding victory for Praggu, who simply outclassed his 2645 opponent!} (18... Be6 19. c4 Nb4+ 20. Kb2 Nd3+ 21. Ka2 Bxc4+ 22. Ka1 Qxa3# ) 0-1
Famous chess writer Leonard Barden posted on English Chess Forum: "India's 11-year-old the youngest ever IM with the unpronounceable name has this afternoon won an 18-mover against a 2645-rated GM which will go round the world and be compared to Fischer's Game of the Century." The age difference between Praggnanandhaa and Leonard is close to eighty years.
I would say that Fischer's Game of the Century with Donald Byrne was much better in terms of quality. But Fischer was 13 years old when he played that game, while Praggnanandhaa is still just eleven!
See also ChessBase report Praggnanandhaa – the youngest chess IM in history!
Full report on the final round in the Isle of Man to follow
Danny King Powerplay 2: How to build up an Attack
Not all of us are as talented as Praggnanandhaa. Some of us have to work hard in order to get better at the art of attack. One of the DVDs that I liked very much was Daniel King's Powerplay 2 on How to build an attack. Here is one of my favourite examples from the DVD.
According to Daniel King, in order to successfully launch a mating attack, you need your heavy pieces close to the opponent's king. The faster you can get them across there, the quicker your attack is successful. This happens in one of the variations of the Queen's Indian [E12]: 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 b6 4.a3 Bb7 5.Nc3 d5 6.cxd5 Nxd5 7.Qc2 Be7 8.e4 Nxc3 9.bxc3 0-0 10.Bd3 c5 11.0-0 Qc8 12.Qe2 Ba6
Black does the right thing by threatening to exchange the light squared bishops. But White has an interesting move. Can you find it? Well, the move is 13.Rd1! The point is to recapture with the rook when it will be useful on the third rank for an attack. I don't know but this rook lift has stuck in my head since the time I saw it!
What Daniel King does in this DVD is not just show you successful attacks. He also shows you failed attacks and teaches you how burning the bridges doesn't always work. Take for example the game between Toulzac and Sokolov. White tried to play as originally as possible. He wanted to avoid castling so that his rook could be activated via h4. But against a strong grandmaster like Sokolov such ideas do not work:
[Event "Mulhouse IM"] [Site "Mulhouse"] [Date "2000.??.??"] [Round "9"] [White "Toulzac, Pierre Yves"] [Black "Sokolov, Andrei"] [Result "0-1"] [ECO "E12"] [WhiteElo "2260"] [BlackElo "2565"] [Annotator "Dan"] [PlyCount "44"] [EventDate "2000.??.??"] [EventType "tourn"] [EventRounds "10"] [EventCountry "FRA"] [EventCategory "4"] [SourceTitle "EXT 2003"] [Source "ChessBase"] [SourceDate "2002.11.25"] 1. d4 Nf6 2. c4 e6 3. Nf3 b6 4. a3 Bb7 5. Nc3 d5 6. cxd5 Nxd5 7. Qc2 Be7 8. e4 Nxc3 9. bxc3 O-O 10. Bd3 c5 11. Qe2 (11. O-O Qc8 12. Qe2 Ba6 13. Rd1 Bxd3 14. Rxd3 Nd7 {is the standard continuation.}) 11... Qc8 12. Kf1 (12. O-O) 12... Ba6 13. c4 cxd4 14. e5 Nd7 15. h4 Nc5 16. Bxh7+ Kxh7 17. Ng5+ Kg8 18. Kg1 (18. Qh5 Bxc4+ 19. Kg1 Bd3) 18... Bb7 19. Qg4 (19. Qh5 Be4) 19... f6 20. Qh5 Be4 21. Nxe4 Nxe4 22. Qg6 Nc3 0-1
Learning the art of Attack from Daniel King is a pure joy!
This DVD is many years old (you can guess that from King's look), but the instruction is timeless. I would heartily recommend Powerplay 2 if you want to become a strong attacker, or just spend hours going over beautiful attacking games. You can buy the DVD in the ChessBase Shop.
Various reports and assessments made over the years estimate the black money amount at 20% or even at 100% of the GDP. (Reuters)
There are numerous estimates about the quantum of black money in the Indian economy. Various reports and assessments made over the years estimate the black money amount at 20% or even at 100% of the GDP. Addressing the strong concerns expressed by the Supreme Court, Parliament and the Indian public at large, the former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee presented the White Paper on Black Money in May 2012.
Advertising
If only the finance minister had looked out of his window to see the major sources of black money generation, he could have taken action to reduce it before presenting the report.
The main source of black money generation in India is real estate transactions. It is primarily done through undervaluation of land and built property to evade capital gains tax and very high transaction cost, primarily stamp duty. The National Capital Region and Mumbai lead in such transactions. For over 60 years, the government has just spoken about the menace of black money but done precious little to root out the causes.
It is suggested that, as in the case of shares of listed companies, in case of property held for three years there should be a full exemption for a period of five years, before further review. This would result in the true value being declared, full receipts getting into the formal economy, the establishment of correct value and, over a period of time, receipts being subject to taxation. Clearing up major amount of black money from the real estate sector would have a massive impact across the country. Revenue loss would be minimal as exemption is provided on reinvestment and the extent of evasion would be limited.
It is also suggested that in order to make investment in land and real estate attractive and to eradicate black money, the transactions should be made VATable.
Another major source and major challenge is gold. Reports indicate that Indians own some 25,000 tonnes of gold and add another 800-900 tonnes every year. The estimated value of gold is $1.2 trillion. Sadly, despite huge stock, the local sales are very low and additional requirements are met through even higher imports.
It is suggested that gold and bullion held by individuals and declared in wealth tax returns and held for over three years should be exempt from capital gains tax. Capital gains tax receipts from sale of gold are limited. This move will ensure that gold sales do take place, gold is recycled, local sales increase and imports come down. It would also imply that idle assets would come into circulation and cleanse the system. The government can experiment on this for five years. It will make India a price setter and not price taker globally and enlarge the gold business.
Advertising
Both these changes would reduce black money generation and cleanse the system. Policy should encourage honesty and back honest citizens. This will also lead to large-scale reporting of wealth.
T V mohandas Pai | The Financial Express
(Assisted by Rajesh Moorti)
The author is chairman, Aarin Capital Partners
Carlos Miller
PINAC
November 25, 2012
A California man was jailed for four days for attempting to record police officers on a public street.
Daniel J. Saulmon was charged with resisting, delaying and obstructing an officer but the video shows he was standing well out the way of a traffic stop and was only arrested when he failed to produce identification to an approaching officer.
And there is no law in California that requires citizens to produce identification. And even if there was, it would require the officer to have a reasonable suspicion that he was committing a crime.
But prosecutors have already dropped the charge against Saulmon as well as a few other minor citations relating to his bicycle such as not have proper reflectors on the pedals.
And they most likely knew who he was considering he won a $25,000 settlement from the same police department after they unlawfully arrested him on eavesdropping/wiretapping charges in 2005.
This time, it appears the Hawthorne Police Department will be dishing out much more, thanks to officer Gabriel Lira's abuse of authority.
“They knew exactly who I was,” Saulmon said in a telephone interview with Photography is Not a Crime Saturday, adding that he has recorded them on a regular basis since the 2005 arrest when he was jailed after attempting to file a complaint inside the police station.
“They always address me as ‘Mr. Saulmon',” he said.
Judging by his Youtube channel, which is filled with videos of police officers from Southern California jurisdictions, his latest arrest was an obvious case of retaliation.
The arrest took place on November 8, a Thursday, close to midnight. Because it was a holiday weekend, he would have had to wait until Tuesday to see a judge. He bailed himself out on Monday with a $1,000 he did not want to spend.
It took police a week to return his camera and his bicycle, and only after his attorney sent them a letter informing them that they had no legal basis to maintain possession of his personal property.
Even though he is still facing a citation for not having a headlight on his bicycle, he says he has video evidence from when he picked it up that shows it had two working headlights.
Saulmon is not one to be deterred by their abusive behavior. On the day after his 2005 arrest, he walked back into the Hawthorne Police Department to file a complaint with a hidden recorder that reveals he was nearly stripped searched in the lobby as you can hear in the video below.
The irony of that arrest is that they based their evidence on a secret recording one of the officers had made.
For more information on this story and other First Amendment issues, visit Photography Is Not A Crime.
RELATED STORIES
U.S. Army Soldier Arrested By Police For Asking Questions
Appeals Court Rules It Is Not Illegal To Film Police
Man Faces Life In Jail For Recording Police
Charges Dropped For Woman Who Recorded The Police
By BosNewsLife Middle East and Africa ServicesCAIRO, EGYPT ( BosNewsLife )-- A young Coptic Christian man has died from gunshot injuries in Egypt's capital Cairo, after three local hospitals turned him away, Christians said Tuesday, January 6.Ihab Ghattas, 23, reportedly died on New Year's Eve from a gunshot wound to the head because of “negligence” as the hospitals which refused to treat him, said Copts activist group Maspero Youth Union (MYU).He was shot outside Mar Girgis (St George's) Church in the Ain Shams area of Cairo after celebrating mass by suspected supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood movement, MYU said in published remarks.Ghattas was allegedly denied access in one hospital because it was deemed not to be an emergency, while another cited "a lack of beds."The third hospital refused to treat him due to the absence of an intensive care unit, the MYU said.A fourth hospital, St. Peter's in Heliopolis, admitted him but he died soon afterwards, news reports said.However doctors could no safe his life as he had been "bleeding for three hours", Christians said. MYU has demanded an investigation, but it was not immediately clear Tuesday, January 6, when and if authorities will search for the attackers.Muslim Brotherhood supporters reportedly fired birdshot at St. George's Church, after which a group of young people from the church, including Ghattas, had joined police in defending it.News of the latest killing overshadowed Coptic Christmas, which was celebrated in Cairo and other areas Tuesday January 7 by Egypt's Copts, who comprise 10 percent of Egypt's population.The tensions came before the trial was scheduled to resume Wednesday, January 7, against Egypt's democratically-elected President Mohamed Morsi, who was ousted in a military coup last July.Morsi is accused of inciting the killing of anti-government protesters in 2012, as well as other alleged crimes.But supporters from his Muslim Brotherhood movement insist Morsi is still Egypt's legitimate leader, and they have accused Christians of supporting his ouster.Demonstrations turned also violent after Friday prayers last week and at least 17 protesters were killed, reporters said. At one point, Morsi's supporters were seen using a hijacked bus to try to break through police lines, according to witnesses.Please help BosNewsLife to be the voice of the voiceless, also this New(s) Year . Click here for a subscription.Follow BosNewsLife via Twitter
When people take the psychedelic drug LSD, they sometimes feel as though the boundary that separates them from the rest of the world has dissolved. Now, the first functional magnetic resonance images (fMRI) of people's brains while on LSD help to explain this phenomenon known as “ego dissolution.”
As researchers report in the Cell Press journal Current Biology on April 13, these images suggest that ego dissolution occurs as regions of the brain involved in higher cognition become heavily over-connected. The findings suggest that studies of LSD and other psychedelic drugs can produce important insights into the brain. They can also provide intriguing biological insight into philosophical questions about the very nature of reality, the researchers say.
“There is ‘objective reality' and then there is ‘our reality,'” says Enzo Tagliazucchi of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in Amsterdam. “Psychedelic drugs can distort our reality and result in perceptual illusions. But the reality we experience during ordinary wakefulness is also, to a large extent, an illusion.”
Take vision, for example: “We know that the brain fills in visual information when suddenly missing, that veins in front of the retina are filtered out and not perceived, and that the brain stabilizes our visual perception in spite of constant eye movements. So when we take psychedelics we are, it could be said, replacing one illusion by another illusion. This might be difficult to grasp, but our study shows that the sense of self or ‘ego' could also be part of this illusion.”
It has long been known that psychedelic drugs have the capacity to reduce or even eliminate a person's sense of self, leading to a fully conscious experience, Tagliazucchi explains. This state, which is fully reversible in those taking psychedelics, is also known to occur in certain psychiatric and neurological disorders.
But no one had ever looked to see how LSD changes brain function. To find out in the new study, Tagliazucchi and colleagues, including Robin Carhart-Harris of Imperial College London, scanned the brains of 15 healthy people while they were on LSD versus a placebo.
The researchers found increased global connectivity in many higher-level regions of the brain in people under the influence of the drug. Those brain regions showing increased global connectivity overlapped significantly with parts of the brain where the receptors known to respond to LSD are found.
LSD also increased brain connectivity by inflating the level of communication between normally distinct brain networks, they report. In addition, the increase in global connectivity observed in each individual's brain under LSD correlated with the degree to which the person in question reported a sense of ego dissolution.
Tagliazucchi notes in particular that they found increased global connectivity of the fronto-parietal cortex, a brain region associated with self-consciousness. In particular, they observed increased connection between this portion of the brain and sensory areas, which are in charge of receiving information about the world around us and conveying it for further processing to other brain areas.
“This could mean that LSD results in a stronger sharing of information between regions, enforcing a stronger link between our sense of self and the sense of the environment and potentially diluting the boundaries of our individuality,” Tagliazucchi said.
They also observed changes in the functioning of a part of the brain earlier linked to “out-of-body” experiences, in which people feel as though they've left their bodies. “I like to think that our experiment represents a pharmacological analogue of these findings,” he says.
Tagliazucchi says the findings highlight the value of psychedelic drugs in carefully controlled research settings. He plans to continue to use neuroimaging to explore various states of consciousness, including sleep, anesthesia, and coma. He also hopes to make direct comparisons between people in a dream versus a psychedelic state. Meanwhile, researchers at the Imperial College London are investigating other psychedelic drugs and their potential use in the treatment of disorders including depression and anxiety.
About this psychology research
Funding: The study was funded by the Beckley Foundation, as part of the Beckley/Imperial Research Programme, co-directed by Amanda Feilding and David Nutt.
Source: Joseph Caputo – Cell Press
Image Credit: The image is in the public domain.
Original Research: Full open access research for “Increased Global Functional Connectivity Correlates with LSD-Induced Ego Dissolution” by Enzo Tagliazucchi, Leor Roseman, Mendel Kaelen, Csaba Orban, Suresh D. Muthukumaraswamy, Kevin Murphy, Helmut Laufs, Robert Leech, John McGonigle, Nicolas Crossley, Edward Bullmore, Tim Williams, Mark Bolstridge, Amanda Feilding, David J. Nutt, and Robin Carhart-Harris in Current Biology. Published online April 13 2016 doi:10.1016/j.cub.2016.02.010
Abstract
Increased Global Functional Connectivity Correlates with LSD-Induced Ego Dissolution
Highlights
•High-level cortical regions and the thalamus show increased connectivity under LSD
•The brain's modular and rich-club organization is altered under LSD
•Increased global connectivity under LSD correlates with ego dissolution scores
Summary
Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) is a non-selective serotonin-receptor agonist that was first synthesized in 1938 and identified as (potently) psychoactive in 1943. Psychedelics have been used by indigenous cultures for millennia; however, because of LSD's unique potency and the timing of its discovery (coinciding with a period of major discovery in psychopharmacology), it is generally regarded as the quintessential contemporary psychedelic. LSD has profound modulatory effects on consciousness and was used extensively in psychological research and psychiatric practice in the 1950s and 1960s. In spite of this, however, there have been no modern human imaging studies of its acute effects on the brain. Here we studied the effects of LSD on intrinsic functional connectivity within the human brain using fMRI. High-level association cortices (partially overlapping with the default-mode, salience, and frontoparietal attention networks) and the thalamus showed increased global connectivity under the drug. The cortical areas showing increased global connectivity overlapped significantly with a map of serotonin 2A (5-HT2A) receptor densities (the key site of action of psychedelic drugs). LSD also increased global integration by inflating the level of communication between normally distinct brain networks. The increase in global connectivity observed under LSD correlated with subjective reports of “ego dissolution.” The present results provide the first evidence that LSD selectively expands global connectivity in the brain, compromising the brain's modular and “rich-club” organization and, simultaneously, the perceptual boundaries between the self and the environment.
“Increased Global Functional Connectivity Correlates with LSD-Induced Ego Dissolution” by Enzo Tagliazucchi, Leor Roseman, Mendel Kaelen, Csaba Orban, Suresh D. Muthukumaraswamy, Kevin Murphy, Helmut Laufs, Robert Leech, John McGonigle, Nicolas Crossley, Edward Bullmore, Tim Williams, Mark Bolstridge, Amanda Feilding, David J. Nutt, and Robin Carhart-Harris in Current Biology. Published online April 13 2016 doi:10.1016/j.cub.2016.02.010
Feel free to share this neuroscience news.
The former Massachusetts Governor and two time presidential candidate Mitt Romneys still can't go away. In 2008, he first ran for the Republican nomination and was out by February. In 2012, he gave it another swing and after some questionable maneuvers throughout the primary, he strong-armed former Congressman Ron Paul for the nomination.
And America still said no. So why would America listen again?
2016 has given us a great deal to be amused by and even more to fear. The election cycle was a circus. On the Democrats, a war hero was left behind as a socialist career politician battled an establishment career politician on the left. For Republicans, it was a parade of different characters with everything coming down to Senator Ted Cruz and controversial businessman Donald Trump.
At the time the race was narrowing, it was becoming increasingly clear that Senator Cruz would not be the one to stop Trump. “Never Trump” Republicans became increasingly scared and overcome with paranoia as the businessman appeared to have the nomination secured. Who would deliver them from Trump?
Enter opportunist Mitt Romney.
Back in March, the failed presidential candidate took a stand in a defiant speech against Trump. The insults were numerous and the point was clear. He was angling for the heir to the Never Trump throne in hopes of finding a new moment for his failing political career. Romney described Trump as a “phony” and “fraud”, stating that his promises were “as worthless as a degree from Trump University.” He further stated that Trump's hallmark was his dishonesty, pointing to his “bullying, the greed, the showing off, the misogyny, the absurd third-grade theatrics.”
Months later, however, Donald Trump's phony and fraudulent campaign earned him the White House, even though his promises were apparently as worthless as a degree from Trump University. The dishonesty, bullying, greed, misogyny, and childish theatrics wouldn't stop the surging campaign.
President-elect Donald Trump happened.
“Never Trump” Republicans still remain horrified by the developments. Those who believed that Trump was a misogynistic, greedy bully who results to childish antics still believe so. It is for this reason they're looking down ballot to stop him. They're seeking any avenue possible to undermine an incoming administration they see as a threat to the American way.
What about Mitt Romney?
The former Massachusetts Governor actually has, predictably, pivoted in a new direction. He's joined the ranks of the Trump cheerleaders in hopes of securing a job. According to multiple reports, not only has Mitt Romney been under consideration for Secretary of State for some time, he is now on the President-elect's shortlist.
Romney even went as far as to say “America's best days are ahead of us.”
America's best days are ahead with a phony misogynist, with worthless promises and childish antics? Herein lies the problem with the failed presidential candidate and why America twice rejected him. He has no set principles, no belief system, and ultimately bends with the wind hoping to catch a movement to help his own career.
When he ran for Senate against Ted Kennedy, he did so by trying to run to the left of the liberal hero. When Kennedy criticized Romney's pro-choice credentials, Romney vigorously defended his support of the right to abort children. Kennedy effectively took down the rising politician with a series of ads criticizing his shifting positions, a trait that would define the career ahead of him.
As a Governor in Massachusetts, Romney maintained his liberal streak with an Assault Weapon ban and passing the healthcare legislation Obamacare would be modeled after. It was only after he ran in the Republican primary for President that he shifted to the right. The conservative base of the Republican Party was different than his Massachusetts electorate.
Multiple-Choice Mitt needed a new option.
So is it any surprise that Mitt Romney would shift on Trump in a matter of months, because the political winds had shifted? Once again, he showed us why America twice rejected him for President. Regardless of whether Donald Trump will or won't be a good President for America, Romney failed to remain consistent. His leadership is nonexistent, because Romney's only goal in mind is furthering Romney.
Tomorrow the FCC will begin a process that could either kill or save Net Neutrality. We need to speak up now.
Net Neutrality is what stops powerful Internet corporations like Comcast and Verizon from singlehandedly killing websites by making them impossibly slow.
Time is of the essence. Will you add your name at right to sign our petition to the FCC?
PETITION TO THE FCC: We need you to reclassify Internet service as a utility and restore Net Neutrality right away.
Without Net Neutrality, your local cable company could simply decide the website of a campaign you support -- and they don't -- will start loading 0.001% as fast as the other campaign's website. Or they could heavily disable a political organizing tool online that's being used to topple dictatorships abroad, or even fighting bank bailouts at home.
Internet service providers could promote content that they own, and undermine content from their competitors.
They can shake down start-ups and artists and blogs for fees — and put them out of business if they don't pay up.
When the FCC meets, we need to make sure they stand up for an Internet that's for everybody -- not just Comcast, Verizon, and the other mega-ISPs.
Add your name at right to hold the FCC accountable.
A leading Muslim cleric in Ireland has raised concerns with gardaí about the visit to Dublin this weekend of two radical Islamic preachers to address a meeting in a mosque.
Kuwaiti clerics Dr Othman Al Khamees and Dr Khaled Al Otaibi will address the Dublin Islamic Conference 2016, which is being held at the Islamic Foundation of Ireland mosque on Dublin's South Circular Road.
“They are both prominent Salafi jihad preachers,” said Ali Al Saleh, the imam at the Ahlul Bayt Islamic Centre in Milltown, Co Dublin, which is the main mosque for Ireland's Shia Muslims.
Two weeks ago, Dr Al Saleh raised concerns about the impending visit of the two Sunni* clerics with the Garda Síochána, saying he was concerned they could influence young Muslims living in Ireland.
The two preachers are scheduled to take part in Friday prayers today at the South Circular Road mosque, the country's oldest.
A Facebook posting says Dr Al Khamees will also also hold a fatwa session there today.
He will give a talk titled “Strangers are Blessed” tomorrow, after which Dr Al Otaibi will speak on “The Invisible World” before a question and answer session.
Addresses will be in Arabic but an English translation will be available.
Banned from travelling
In March 2015, Dr Al Khamees was one of three radical preachers whose planned trip to the Netherlands was cancelled by organisers after calls in the Dutch Parliament for the visit to be banned.
Dutch MP Malik Azmani, who is of Morrocan descent and a member of the People's Party of Freedom and Democracy, said the preachers were “people who preach intolerance” who should not be offered a stage.
It is believed their visit to Ireland has been organised by the National Union of Kuwaiti Students in Ireland.
There are an estimated 600 Kuwaiti students living in this country.
Last night, the Department of Justice said it did not comment on individual travel arrangements or visa applications, but warned that it is “essential” that the Muslim community is not stigmatised because of the actions of a minority.
“It is very clear that the appalling actions of a small number of extremists internationally, do not reflect the views of the vast majority of the Muslim community in this country,” a spokesman said.
Legislation last year creates three new offences: the public provocation to commit a terrorist offence, recruitment for terrorism and training for terrorism which carry potential sentences of up to 10 years in jail.
*Edited at 7.20pm on 4/3/16
Today, Earth is a very accommodating and hospitable place for us to live. Temperatures are just about right. There is more than enough oxygen for us to breathe. Pure drinking water falls from the skies. Food grows on trees. For what more could we ask?
These near-ideal conditions are dependent upon our nearest star, the sun. Our understanding of solar physics and astronomical observations of other stars tells us that since its formation the sun has grown 30 percent brighter. Over the course of time this increase in brightness will continue. It is projected that when it becomes only 10 percent brighter than today the increased radiant energy reaching Earth will have vaporized the oceans, creating H2O greenhouse conditions that will raise temperatures by several hundred degrees, killing off all plant and animal life.
Because the sun burns through 600 million tons of hydrogen per second, it has already consumed almost half of its hydrogen stockpile. Further down the road, after this supply of hydrogen has become depleted, the sun will become a red giant star, rapidly burning through its limited accumulation of helium. The brightness of the sun will dramatically increase in nearly a dozen outbursts over the course of a few thousand years, peaking at 10,000 times its current brightness and ballooning out to more than 250 times its current diameter, swallowing all of the inner planets, including Earth.
As the helium becomes exhausted the sun will unleash its outer shell as a massive tsunami of particles and ionized gases that will sweep across the remaining solar system, forming a planetary nebula. Finally, the core of the sun will collapse, becoming a faint, tiny, white dwarf star that will slowly fade to black.
Although our home planet may be a paradise today, hundreds of millions of years into the future it will become a hell. And billions of years later, it will cease to exist. There will come a time, then, when we must choose between a destiny among the stars or extinction. To be, or not to be? That will be the question.
At this moment we are not totally prepared to embark on an interstellar escape. Fortunately, we may have millions of years to develop the required technologies and marshal the enormous resources needed for a mass emigration to another solar system.
What are the beginning steps that we should take now in order to make sure that we will be ready when the time comes?
The first step is to make sure that everyone understands the unfortunate fate that awaits this lovely planet — and us if we fail to act. The potential extinction of the entire human race, no matter how far into the future, is no laughing matter.
The second step is to take reasonable precautions to guarantee that mankind will continue to thrive on this planet for millions of years. If the entire human race should perish tomorrow night, then starships will probably not be happening anytime soon. We should therefore minimize the risk that our future could be jeopardized by warfare, diseases or natural disasters.
“Because starships will not be ready to go for many centuries and interstellar voyages may last for thousands of years, we will want to get started sooner rather than later, initially allocating a small but steady fraction of the space budget to identify the most promising engineering approaches and performing early proof-of-concept experiments when affordable.”
There are a variety of precautions that we could take.
In theory, we could carefully screen our political and military leadership to disqualify mentally unbalanced, destructive or irresponsible individuals.
We could prepare compartmentalization procedures that could be implemented whenever a deadly epidemic threatens to rapidly spread throughout the world.
We could accelerate the search for near-Earth asteroids and comets in order to provide advanced warning of threats. And if required, we could assemble an arsenal of kinetic and/or thermonuclear warheads that could be used to deflect killer asteroids.
If worst comes to worst, we could construct underground shelters that would protect much of humanity from almost anything that nature (or man) could throw at us.
The third step is to align our space program to this long-term objective so that we will have the knowledge and technologies required to someday reach the stars and thrive, comfortably, when we arrive. A consistent direction, stable headcounts and affordable budgets will be essential to achieve such challenging long-term objectives. In order to be able to support this sustained effort, we will need a productive economy and an educated workforce.
The first goal of our space program should be to conduct a search, using advanced telescopes, for the most promising nearby solar system for the future of mankind.
The second goal should be the development of closed-loop life-support technologies that can keep humanity alive and well on long interstellar voyages. These technologies also could be utilized on manned space missions to Mars and could even help failsafe humanity on this planet.
Because it is not at all likely that a warm, moist, green, oxygen-rich twin of Earth will be within our reach, the third goal must be learning how to live under less-ideal conditions, such as on the Moon. We should establish manned outposts on the Moon and Mars where we can develop the expertise to efficiently manufacture everything that we need from local planetary materials. Over the course of hundreds of years, as these outposts grow, they will become second homes within this solar system for humanity.
The final and most challenging goal of our space program will be the development of interstellar spacecraft for transporting humanity to safer places when this solar system turns hostile. Although this will not require faster-than-light travel or other violations of physics, the development of this technology will not happen overnight. Because starships will not be ready to go for many centuries and interstellar voyages may last for thousands of years, we will want to get started sooner rather than later, initially allocating a small but steady fraction of the space budget to identify the most promising engineering approaches and performing early proof-of-concept experiments when affordable. The first application of this technology will be for unmanned interstellar probes that will conduct close-up reconnaissance of nearby solar systems.
Today we live in a culture that is so overly obsessed with the current moment that we are reluctant to think beyond the next few months or years. Perhaps our dystopian aversion to the future is a madness left over from the Cold War. In any case, this stellar challenge will require us to begin seriously planning for our future. It should also provide us with a greater sense of purpose and a more positive outlook. Because concrete steps will be taken to ensure that really bad things will never happen, we can rest assured that the story of mankind, unlike the tragedy of Prince Hamlet, will not come to a premature end.
Nelson Bridwell is a senior machine vision engineer working in manufacturing automation.
Bipolar disorder is a condition characterized by mood swings that vary from extreme elation to severe depression. At one end of this spectrum, patients experience extreme highs and hyperactivity, while at the other they feel devastatingly low and lethargic. These moods can change quickly, last for weeks or months, and be separated by long periods of time, sometimes years.
Spotting these mood changes in time to initiate treatment is a difficult business. There are no reliable biomarkers for this condition, so patients are usually given psychological tests designed to measure state of mind. Inevitably, accurate diagnosis often lags the actual changes in mood by some time.
So an accurate way of diagnosing mood changes as they happen would be hugely useful for sufferers and health-care providers alike.
Today, a significant step toward that goal has been achieved by Venet Osmani at the Center for Research and Telecommunication Experimentation for Networked Communities (CREATE-NET) in Trento, Italy. Osmani says the behavior patterns associated with bipolar disorder can be accurately detected by smartphone sensors which allow changes in mood to be spotted as they occur.
People with bipolar disorder often demonstrate well-known behavior patterns that are a signature of their condition. For example, the manic phase is often characterized by hyperactivity, which can be measured by an accelerometer and with a GPS device, by rapid speech, which can be monitored by speech analysis and by frequent conversations, which can be monitored through phone records.
By contrast, patients in the depressive stage of this condition demonstrate much changed levels of all these behaviors.
So a smartphone is an ideal device to track these indicators. Osmani gave smartphones to 12 patients with bipolar disorder and monitored their activity over a period of 12 weeks in 2012 and 2013. During this time, at three-week intervals each patient visited the clinic, where his or her mental state was determined by conventional methods. This gave a ground-truth reading against which the smartphone data could be compared.
Osmani was interested in two outcomes. The first was the ability to detect changes in mood and the second was the precision with which this can be done—how often the data gave false alarms.
The results are hugely promising. Activity and location data together gave a good indication of the patient mood but more impressively, accurately predicted a change in this mood 94 percent of the time. And combining this with an analysis of patient phone calls increased the predictive success to over 97 percent. “Almost all changes were detected with almost no false alarms,” says Osmani.
That's an impressive result that has significant implications for people with this condition. “One of the important aspects of this work is the possibility of the early detection of changes in a patient's state with high precision and recall, facilitating timely intervention and thus leading to better treatment outcomes,” says Osmani.
Of course, there are limitations to this work. For example, it covers only 12 patients over 12 weeks. So a longer study involving a larger number of patients would surely provide better insight. What's more, sensor technology is rapidly evolving and could provide much higher resolution data in these kinds of studies.
Osmani says more work is planned and that a follow-up study is planned. That should lead to better outcomes for a condition that regularly mystifies patients and healthcare providers alike.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1510.01665 : Smartphones in Mental Health: Detecting Depressive and Manic Episodes
Political technologist Karen Kocharyan says voters showed lack of interest and passivity to the Yerevan City Council elections held o Sunday which was quite predictable.
“I was the one who predicted the ruling party would receive 70% of the votes, “Elq” Bloc – 25% and Yerkir Tsirani - 5%. There has been only a slight difference in the percentages,” Kocharyan told Panorama.am, when asked to comment on the preliminary results of the municipal elections.
Asked what could be the reason for the unprecedented low voter turnout at the city council elections, Kocharyan reminded that Armenia's capital city residents showed low activeness in the past parliamentary elections in early April as well (58.46 % turnout).
“Traditionally, Yerevan residents are either too active or too passive during election cycles. At present, the citizens are living a period of passivity,” Kocharyan said.
As reported earlier, the ruling Republican Party headed by acting mayor Taron Margaryan won 240,036 votes (71.25%) at Yerevan City Council elections, according to the preliminary results of the Central Electoral Commission. “Elq” Bloc headed by MP Nikol Pashinyan scored 70,731 votes (21%) and “Yerkir Tsirani” (Land of Apricot) Party received 26,109 votes (7,75 %).
345, 226 citizens or 40,99 % of the total number of eligible voters cast ballots at the elections.
Durham police say a man fired shots at one of their officers Thursday night.It happened in the area of Lakeland Street and Truman Street around 10 p.m.A department spokesperson said Officer J.T. West was sitting in his marked patrol car working on a report when he saw two suspicious men coming up from behind his car near an abandoned apartment building.West got out of his car to speak to the men, but before he could say a word, one of them pulled a handgun from his waistband and fired six shots at the officer. One of the bullets struck the police vehicle.West returned fire, getting off two shots as he ran for cover across the street. West dove behind a staircase in the abandoned apartment complex, injuring his wrist as he fell.West called for backup, and a police dog was called in to track the two suspects. The track ended on South Alston Street with no sign of the men.Police say they don't know if West's bullets hit the gunman or the man with him. Area hospitals have been put on alert.The man who fired the gun was described as a black male, 18 to 25 years old, approximately 6 feet tall with a skinny build. He was wearing an oversized black hoodie. The second suspect was described as a black male, 18 to 25 years old, 5 feet 8 inches to 6 feet tall and weighing 180 to 200 pounds. He was wearing a light-colored jacket.Officer West was treated at the hospital for his injured wrist and released.Joshua Lassiter works as a crossing guard at an elementary school nearby. He said he's frustrated with recent attacks on police."Whether you think you're in the right or not you still respect them because they got to do their job," he said. "It's getting critical. It needs to stop."Anyone with information is asked to call Investigator G. Silla at (919) 560-4415, ext. 29310 or CrimeStoppers at (919) 683-1200. CrimeStoppers pays cash rewards for information leading to arrests in felony cases and callers never have to identify themselves.
Either for work or fun, I have drawn everyday for as long as I can remember. When in 2012 I gave birth to our little girl, it was very natural for me to reach for a pencil and draw to record. It was a wonderful, magical, difficult, knackering first year.
Every day seemed to bring with it a new challenge or breathtaking developmental milestone. I didn't want to forget any of it. I'd scribble things down as my baby napped. It was often cathartic to make light of situations that were often challenging at the time. By the end of my daughter's first year, I realized I had amassed quite a pile of drawings. Badgered by friends and family, I decided to try and get them published.
More info: Amazon | Facebook
The five-time gold medal winner is now being coached for rowing 'seven days a week' since retiring from cycling at the start of the year
Sir Bradley Wiggins has revealed that he hopes to potentially go for more Olympic glory in the next Games in 2020, this time competing in rowing.
The 2012 Tour de France winner, who has won five Olympic gold medals, took up rowing in his retirement at the end of 2016 to stay fit, but now says he is receiving week-round coaching and hopes to begin competing soon.
The Daily Mail reports that the 37-year-old is working with former Olympian James Cracknell ahead of competing in the British Rowing Indoor Championships at Lee Valley Velodrome on December 9.
“I took up rowing when I retired just to keep fit, but my numbers started getting quite good so I've started taking it up professionally now and getting coached seven days a week,” Wiggins said at an event in Manchester on Thursday night.
“I'm doing the British Championships in December, and I'm going to see how far I can take it, maybe a sixth Olympic gold?”
Wiggins has posted numerous time on social media photos showing him in the gym and has put on a significant amount of weight since giving up riding professionally.
He's still riding his bike though, even taking to the velodrome again earlier this week. But to compete at Olympic level in rowing, Wiggins will need to dramatically change his physique, and says that will be one the most difficult parts of the transition.
“I'm trying to get to 100 kilos, so I'd be 31 kilos heavier than when I went on Tour,” he said.
“I don't know how far I'm going to take it. At the moment I'm just doing it because it's like ‘ooh yeah, a chance to go to another Olympics.”
Wiggins would be 40 by the time the Tokyo Olympics roll around, but says his times on the rowing machine suggest he's not being ‘delusional' about aiming for another Olympic medal.
“I might be being a bit delusional but the times suggest I'm not,” Wiggins added, “and at the end of the day I quite like times – that's the basis of everything I've trained for over the years: if you can produce this number for this amount of time, you will win.
“I'm actually not that far [off]. So if I train for 18 months flat out, will I get there? Why not?”
The former world time trial champion still has a cloud hanging over him however, with UK Anti-Doping continuing to carry out an investigation into a package delivered to Team Sky and Wiggins at the 2011 Critérium du Dauphiné.
Both parties deny any wrongdoing.
Image copyright Getty Images / AFP Image caption Police and paramedics on the empty streets of Augsburg
More than 50,000 residents from the German city of Augsburg were evacuated from their homes so that a huge World War Two bombs could be defused.
It was the country's biggest evacuation for an unexploded bomb since the end of the war.
The 1.8-tonne British explosive is thought to have come from a 1944 air raid, which destroyed the old town.
German police later announced that the bomb had been made safe.
Officials chose Christmas Day for the evacuation because it was less difficult than on a normal working day.
The bomb was uncovered during construction work on Tuesday.
Augsburg mayor Kurt Gribl, speaking in a video posted on the city's Twitter account as the evacuation began, called for "each person to verify that their relatives, parents and friends have found places to stay outside the [security] zone ... Look out for one another."
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Evacuees wait in a local hall as the bomb disposal experts get to work
The authorities were confident that most people affected could stay with friends or family, but a number of schools and sports halls were opened as shelters for those in need.
Most Germans celebrating Christmas open their presents and have their main festive meal on 24 December, rather than Christmas Day.
Other WW2 bombs recently discovered in Germany
Today Qatar Airways inaugurated one of the most controversial flights in recent history, between Doha and Atlanta.
There's a huge conflict between the US and Gulf carriers, and perhaps the most outspoken airlines on both sides have been Delta and Qatar.
I'm sure you can imagine Delta's response when Qatar launched service to their hub, a route which Qatar's CEO claims is being launched to “rub salt in the wound of Delta.”
To send even more of a message, Qatar Airways is operating the inaugural flight using an Airbus A380, rather than the Boeing 777 which will operate the route subsequently.
There has been tons of drama regarding this new route before it even launched. Qatar Airways hosted a party at Atlanta's historic Fox Theatre, which Delta is a sponsor of. Delta was angry they weren't consulted about renting out the space to their rival, so Delta dropped their longstanding sponsorship of the theatre.
Well, that inaugural A380 landed in Atlanta several hours ago, and there were a couple of things which were especially interesting about it.
Did Qatar Airways get a water cannon salute?
In areas without water shortages, it's pretty common for inaugural flights to get water cannon salutes upon arrival.
I was curious if Qatar Airways would get a water canon salute, given the controversy surrounding their new flight, and that Atlanta is Delta's turf.
Well, from the looks of it, Qatar Airways did get a water cannon salute upon landing in Atlanta.
But Qatar Airways didn't get…
…a gate. Instead, Qatar's A380 had to be serviced using airstairs and buses. Ouch!
Atlanta does have an A380 gate, but unfortunately it was occupied by another plane… specifically, a Delta Airbus A320.
How did that happen? Basically Delta didn't want to reshuffle their operations to accommodate Qatar Airways, per ajc.com:
The airport had asked Delta if it could accommodate the Qatar A380. Delta, which develops its flight schedules and plans for gate usage months in advance, said it had planned to work with the airport on a solution. But the Atlanta airline said it couldn't find a viable option to move its aircraft in the time allotted, adding that it would have had to move multiple aircraft to make room for the huge A380.
As much as I think Delta has been ridiculous and petty in many ways, I can't really blame them on this front. Should they really give up one of their gates and rework their operations so one of their competitors can show off their plane and “rub salt in their wound?”
Either way, it's quite embarrassing for Qatar Airways that they wanted to show off this new plane, and ended up having to bus passengers to and from the terminal.
How does Atlanta's mayor feel about Qatar Airways?
Also rather interesting is that Delta has tried to shame Atlanta's mayor for attending the Qatar Airways gala in Atlanta which was held a couple of weeks ago, but he has stuck to his guns in supporting their new service. Per ajc.com:
Some people tweeted “about me being against women because I went to welcome an airline,” Reed said. He also said Delta expressed “frustration” over his attendance at the event. “I'm trying to send a message. You're either in the international game or you're out,” Reed said when the topic came up at a press conference last week. When dealing with airlines from other places, “We have to understand… they have different values and operate differently than we do. So if we're going to apply a standard, it's going to make it hard for us to be the most connected city… in the United States, which is my goal.”
Bottom line
None of this drama really comes as a surprise, but as an onlooker it sure is entertaining. Qatar Airways got a water canon salute when they arrived in Atlanta, but they didn't get a gate. As much as I'd like to, I really can't blame Delta for not wanting to put effort into reshuffling their operations so that a spiteful competitor can show off.
Depicted is a POLITICO screen grab from the Dec. 22 edition of NBC's "Nightly News with Lester Holt." | POLITICO Screen grab Trump claims NBC 'purposely' misquoted nuclear comments
President-elect Donald Trump claimed Saturday that NBC News “purposely” misquoted his call for an expansion of the U.S. nuclear program last week, despite reports to the contrary.
Trump on Thursday said the United States “must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.” Saturday he accused NBC of intentionally leaving out the latter, more measure portion of his statements.
Story Continued Below
“.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: ‘until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.' Dishonest!” the president-elect tweeted Saturday afternoon.
Trump did not specify when NBC supposedly left out a portion of his comments.
NBC News' initial report covering Trump's comments on nuclear expansion, however, cited his comments in full. And the Thursday broadcast of NBC's “Nightly News with Lester Holt” displayed his comments in their entirety.
Trump's claim of dishonesty in media coverage has been a calling card of his ascendance to the White House. Since winning the presidency, Trump has repeatedly attacked the media, broadly accusing them of inciting violence against him, singling out individual reporters and blasting the news media as “crooked.”
The president-elect also took to social media less than an hour later to repeat his criticism of the United States' decision not to veto a United Nation Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements. The United States abstained, allowing the matter to pass by a margin of 14-0.
“The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace,” Trump tweeted. “Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!”
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 24, 2016
Trump stated his opposition to the Obama administration's decision Friday, tweeting that “as to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th,” the date of his inauguration.
The Haxe Foundation officially released Haxe 3.2.0 on Tuesday 12th May 2015. To read about all the new features, fixes and breaking changes checkout the Haxe 3.2.0-rc2 and Haxe 3.2.0 release details.
しょーへー90.9 has also written New features of Haxe 3.2.0 [jp], so obviously a lot of the same points are covered.
Python Target
The newest addition to the list of Haxe targets is the Python target. The compiler team still class it as a beta target, so if you run into any problems file an issue.
Lets see a rather trivial example.
Compiled with haxe -python Main.py -main Main will generate the following python.
Rest, EitherType, @:selfCall and @:callable
To help improve the accuracy of external type definitions, the compiler team have added two new types, haxe.extern.Rest and haxe.extern.EitherType , also two new compiler metadata, @:selfCall and @:callable .
Note the extern part of the packages, these two types are only ever expected to be used with extern types.
haxe.extern.Rest
Taking the extern file python.lib.os.Path as an example, its method join looks like the following.
public static function join(path:String, paths:Rest<String>):String;
This allows you pass in an optional amount of arguments of type String .
haxe.extern.EitherType
Lets take js.html.Blob as an example, its constructor, on line 11, looks like the following.
This allows you to pass in an array containing any object that is either a String , ArrayBufferView , ArrayBuffer or Blob type.
@:selfCall
The @:selfCall compiler metadata gives you the ability to tag an extern class constructor and method which tells the compiler to translate it into an object call. The following example should help clear up any confusion.
Notice how the methods of extern class A and extern class B are generated differently.
@:callable
The @:callable compiler metadata allows an abstract type to be called, which will forward that call to its underlying type. If you try to compile this without the @:callable metadata you will get the following error message Function<Int -> Int> cannot be called .
New HTML JavaScript Externs
The JavaScript target has had its HTML extern types updated to take advantage the latest features of Haxe 3.2.0 using a brand-new externs types generator created by Bruno Garcia. This is where some of the breaking changes come from.
Typed Arrays
Haxe 3.2.0 adds support for cross-platform typed arrays, which are not to be mistaken for JavaScripts typed arrays. However, Haxe's typed arrays are inspired by JavaScripts typed arrays. I'm making an assumption that any JavaScript typed array article, tutorial or example should translate with minimal changes.
For those of us who use macros, Compiler.addGlobalMetadata allows you to attach metadata to any type or method that hasn't been processed by the compiler. This makes macros even more powerful.
NodeJS support
The Haxe Foundation have a complete set of extern type definitions covering NodeJS 0.12 . You get automatic insertion of require statements, optionally typed event listeners and a clean output. To grab a copy just run haxelib git hxnodejs https://github.com/HaxeFoundation/hxnodejs.git from the command line.
New API Site & Template
The Haxe API site has been updated with an improved design and functionality which is an enhanced version of the Flambe API site and template. You can get the latest code for Dox, the official Haxe API generator, from GitHub.
Haxe 3.2.0 API Documentation design update.
HaxeLib Mercurial Support
And so it begins. Yesterday, I reported on a police officer in France who was ambushed by a horde of Muslim migrants. He was beaten by iron bars and rocks by a Muslim horde. It was one of multiple violent episodes across the country. The cop opened fire in order to escape, and one of the attackers was wounded in the stomach. I asked if that would set off a new Muslim uprising in France. That remains to be seen, but there was bedlam last night. Close to a thousand cars were burned, as is their way. The number of burnings increased over last year, and the number of people in police custody sharply declined: 368 arrested versus 577 last year. More car burnings, fewer arrests. Does that make sense to you?
13 members of security forces were wounded.
“In the course of several episodes of urban violence, our security forces have been the target of intolerable attacks, the perpetrators of which will have to be answered in court, just like the perpetrators of vehicle fires, of course always too many,” said Pierre-Henry Brandet. “To the 13 officials and soldiers wounded the last two nights”, the minister brings his “complete support”, he completed.
During the night of 14 to 15 July, in Sevran, Seine-Saint-Denis, a police officer was “beaten” during an intervention before using his weapon eight times to clear himself, and hurt an 18-year-old man, according to multiple sources.
897 voitures brûlées lors des soirées des 13 et 14 juillet
BFMTV, 15/07/2017 à 19h06 Un total de 897 voitures ont été brûlées et 368 personnes placées en garde à vue lors des soirées du 13 et du 14 juillet, a annoncé samedi le ministère de l'Intérieur en jugeant que l'importante mobilisation des forces de l'ordre a permis de limiter le nombre d'incidents.
Rough translation thanks to Alexandre:
897 cars burned during the evenings of 13 and 14 July
It is a figure slightly higher than in 2016, the Interior Ministry said on Saturday evening. A total of 897 cars were burned and 368 people were held in police custody on the evening of July 13 and July 14, the interior ministry said on Saturday. To limit the number of incidents. The number of cars burned is up slightly from last year when 855 vehicles caught fire while the number of people held in custody, 368, is down sharply from 577 last year.
13 of the wounded security forces. “In the course of several episodes of urban violence, our security forces have been the target of intolerable attacks, the perpetrators of which will have to be answered in court, just like the perpetrators of vehicle fires, of course always too many” , Continued Pierre-Henry Brandet. “To the 13 officials and soldiers wounded the last two nights”, the minister brings his “complete support”, he completed. During the night of 14 to 15 July, in Sevran, Seine-Saint-Denis, a police officer was “beaten” during an intervention before using his weapon eight times to clear himself and hurt An 18-year-old man, according to concordant sources.
Earlier January 800 cars burned.
Source
http://www.bfmtv.com/police-justice/897-voitures-brulees-lors-des-soirees-des-13-et-14-juillet-1217405.html
http://www.europe1.fr/faits-divers/soirees-des-13-et-14-juillet-897-voitures-brulees-tres-legere-hausse-par-rapport-a-2016-3390005
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more. Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers' contributions make that possible. Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too. Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here.
Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best. Contribute Monthly - Choose One Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly
Bash is not easy when it comes to configuration of scripts. A few cases come to my mind immediately:
Passing nested, Hash-like structures as input parameters
Configurations via declarative languages like JSON/YAML
Well it is hard when in Bash, unless you use Sparrow for a Bash scripts development.
Following are some occasional examples to prove.
Installing Sparrow
As usual go with:
$ cpanm Sparrow --notest --q
Developing Bash script
Following Sparrow rules it should be filed called "story.bash". Let's do something useful, for example echoing an input parameter:
$ nano story.bash #!/bin/bash message=$(config message) echo you say $message
And then run the script:
$ strun --param message="hello world"
The output will be:
2017-11-04 22:27:17 : [path] / you say hello world ok scenario succeeded STATUS SUCCEED
It does not look that impressive so far, we might have done the same with a "none-sparrow" Bash script:
$ nano hello.bash #!/bin/bash echo you say $1
And then:
$ bash hello.bash "hello world"
However, lets move on, advantages of Sparrow to be revealed soon ...
Defining defaults
Say, we want to define default values for configuration parameter.
In Sparrow you just create file called "suite.yaml" to do this:
$ nano suite.yaml message: Hello Sparrow
And then:
$ strun
The output will be:
2017-11-04 22:34:50 : [path] / you say Hello Sparrow ok scenario succeeded STATUS SUCCEED
Nested parameters
Let's make things a bit more complicated and say we want pass "message" parameter within complex structure:
{ "user" : { "id" : "Bash" "message" : "Hello Bash" } }
You'll need a trivial code changes to accept this new requirement:
One for the Bash script:
$ nano story.bash #!/bin/bash user_id=$(config user.id) message=$(config user.message) echo $user_id say $message
And one for the default configuration:
$ nano suite.yaml user: id: Sparrow message: Hello Sparrow
Now let's give it a run.
With default parameters:
$ strun 2017-11-04 22:42:13 : [path] / Sparrow say Hello Sparrow ok scenario succeeded STATUS SUCCEED
And with some user's input:
$ strun --param user.id=Bash --param user.message="Hello Bash" 2017-11-04 22:43:01 : [path] / Bash say Hello Bash ok scenario succeeded STATUS SUCCEED
We've just added a bit and pieces of code and it's still pure Bash but we manage to handle nested, Hash-like structures, neat! :)
BTW the level of nested structure is not limited, an imaginative case would be something like that:
$ strun --param user.language.dialects=Shell --param user.message="Hello Shell"
And so on ...
Documentation
If you reach here, I assume you're interested in the topic, to delve into details - use pretty thorough documentation of Sparrow SDK called Outthentic. Here you'll find a lot of examples and ways how to create and configure Bash ( not only Bash indeed ) scripts.
Sparrow plugins
Say we want to upload our Bash script as Sparrow plugin called "user-greeting" so that other can use it. Unsurprisingly Sparrow plugins "inherit" the same way of configuration we've seen so far. Following are examples:
As command line parameters:
$ sparrow plg install user-greeting $ sparrow plg run user-greeting --param user.id=Bash --param user.message="Hello Bash"
As sparrow tasks:
$ sparrow plg install message $ sparrow project create utils $ sparrow task add utils greeting user-greeting $ sparrow task ini utils/greeting user: id: Ruby message: Hello Ruby $ sparrow task run utils/greeting
You can even override default configuration partly, this way:
$ sparrow plg run user-greeting --param user.id=Corbie
Or this one:
$ sparrow task ini utils/greeting user: id: Сorbie $ sparrow task run utils/greeting
Or even like that:
$ sparrow task ini utils/greeting --param --param user.id=Raven
Conclusion
Sparrow provides scripts developers with our configuration needs. It's just a piece of cake to build flexible configuration for your Bash scripts with adding just a minimum of code.
It's the winter solstice, and Silicon Valley's atheists, agnostics and humanists want to extend their sincere, secular season's greetings. While they reject the religious teachings behind Hanukkah and Christmas, the avowed nonbelievers aren't against throwing parties, eating rich food or giving gifts.
“Human beings need celebrations,” said Arthur Jackson, founder of the Humanist Community in Silicon Valley. “It's good to step out of the norm and live more joyfully.”
This past weekend there were solstice parties all over the Bay Area. On Sunday the Humanist Community had its Human Light celebration, with lots of food and a show called the “Free Thought Follies.”
“It's our version of Christmas,” said Armineh Noravian, ﻿group president. “We don't pray. We eat and have fun.”
As a lifelong Methodist, I love the religious meaning of Christmas. I need the shepherds and the baby in the manger. But it's also a secular family holiday. And a bloated spend-fest that lasts from the day after Halloween, when the store decorations go up, through the year-end final clearance sales.
Atheists are welcome to join in the fun.
This year, the local humanists had something special to celebrate at their Human Light party. They are among seven atheist and agnostic organizations launching the Silicon Valley Coalition of Reason. It's part of a nationwide campaign aimed at raising the profile of nonbelievers and showing the public that godless doesn't mean goodless. Find out more at www.SiliconValleyCOR.org.
“We want people to know that we are just like everybody else,” Jackson said. “We have more in common than we have points of disagreement.”
So what's the atheist agenda? Are they out to control the country? Remove “In God We Trust” from the dollar bill? Make churches pay taxes?
Jackson laughed.
“It's more a matter of letting people know we're around,” he said. “Most people think free thinkers are an irrelevant group, but we are 15 to 17 percent of the population.”
While I've gone through a couple of agnostic phases and still struggle to understand what God is, my faith gives me comfort and provides meaning for my life. So I was curious to know where atheists find meaning in their lives.
Jackson said he finds all the meaning he needs in nature and in people.
“Human beings are the ultimate reference system,” he said. “How do we build a better society? How do we support one another to make our lives less painful and more comfortable? We are the ones who must come up with the answers to those questions.”
Mark Thomas is founder of Atheists of Silicon Valley, another group in the coalition. He can argue at length that God doesn't exist, using quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity. But when asked about the meaning of life, he had a surprisingly simple answer:
“Love. Helping others.”
Humans are a social species, he said. “We need each other. We don't survive alone very well.”
Thomas sees why I find comfort in believing God exists. But it bugs him when believers use God as a reason to wage war or curb scientific inquiry.
“There is no atheist agenda,” he said. “We are just trying to make the world a little happier. How can you be mad at people who are supporting love?”
I think we can all agree that love is a good reason for living, especially this time of year.
So I'll keep the atheists in my prayers.
Contact Patty Fisher at pfisher@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5852
It's a new week and you have quite an impressive collection of new Vive games to choose from including gorgeous narrative experiences and intense shooters. First up we have Serious Sam VR: The First Encounter, a VR port of the HD remaster of the original game. With the single player campaign and both competitive and cooperative multiplayer in tow, there's a lot of meat on the bones of this one. Check out our previous report breaking down the game. Another highlight this week involves the classic conflict between Moriarty and Sherlock Holmes. Moriarty: Endgame VR takes the battle of the minds to a post-apocalyptic world and allows you to watch the story unfold in a living virtual comic book. Of the narrative slant, we also have Project LUX. While it has some of the most impressive animations and art you'll see in the VR ecosystem, it may be hard to justify the higher price point.
In the meantime, if you missed last week, you can see those new releases here. And don't forget that UploadVR has a Steam community group, complete with a curated list of recommendations so that you don't have to waste any money finding out what's good in the world of VR.
We also have a top list of the absolute best HTC Vive games — which is updated every few months with the latest and greatest options.
New HTC Vive Releases on Steam
Mouse Playhouse, from Tinkertainment
Price: Free To Play
In Mouse Playhouse you must manipulate objects and solve spatial puzzles as you guide your mouse comrade to the cheese. Throw objects, play basketball, and throw darts as you avoid the Meowbots and grab the cheese.
Recommendation: Free and fun. Give this one a shot.
EXA: The Infinite Instrument, from Aesthetic Interactive, Zach Kinstner
Price: $14.99
EXA welcomes you to a new dimension of music creation with a versatile virtual instrument. The tool can take any form and produce any sound which you can play back in loops.
Recommendation: If you're interested in making music, this is a must-have program.
Bitcoin VR, from Indiesquare, Mandelduck
Price: Free To Play
This application gives you a virtual space in which you can view bitcoin transactions in real time as they fall from the sky and shoot them with a bow and arrow.
Recommendation: Very niche experience. You'll definitely know if you want it or not.
Moriarty: Endgame VR, from Transmedia Entertainment
Price: $7.99 (Currently Discounted)
Moriarty: End Game is a living virtual comic book where players are allowed to enter and experience the panels/scenes of the stories. The story takes you into a post-apocalyptic world where Moriarty takes on Sherlock Holmes in their final conflict.
Recommendation: Very intriguing style of storytelling. If you're looking for a newer way to experience a narrative, grab it.
Downward Spiral: Prologue, from 3rd Eye Studios Oy LTD
Price: $8.99 (Currently Discounted)
Influenced by 70s sci-fi, Downward Spiral drops you into a zero-G journey. You can either work through the story solo or with a friend or engage in a deathmatch mode for up to 8 players. The game includes modes with or without room-scale and locomotion that promotes comfort.
Recommendation: Very short experience that includes PvP to add a bit more value. You may disappoint with the length, but this could be an investment in a really interesting series. Check out our impressions here.
Enigma Sphere: Enhanced Edition, from Yomuneco Inc.
Price: $14.39 (Currently Discounted)
This enhanced edition of Enigma Sphere includes new game modes and experiences as you become a superagent in this interesting world. You'll solve puzzles, find hidden spheres, and destroy android life forms in the story mode. Then, you can play challenge, sphere attack, and other modes for a more casual experience.
Recommendation: There's a lot of fun and value to be found in this dense package. Grab it.
Project LUX, from Spicy Tails
Price: $22.49 (Currently Discounted)
In Project LUX there is mystery afoot. The crime is murder and you'll watch the narrative unfold as characters seek out the killer of Lux. This animated story takes place across five episodes where you relive the memories of Lux as they're pulled from her cyberbrain.
Recommendation: This is an absolutely gorgeous story-driven program, but it's hard to warrant the price for a largely hands-off experience.
Alchemist Defender VR, from TreeView Studios
Price: $13.49 (Currently Discounted)
Alchemist Defender is a tower defense title where you fend off humanoid rat assailants with ranged attacks and a hammer for melee. There are different turret types you can deploy and relocate as you figure out the best strategy for your defense.
Recommendation: Pretty good looking new tower defender, but won't immediately displace other similar games you may already have. Choose wisely.
Serious Sam VR: The First Encounter, from Croteam VR
Price: $39.99
The First Encounter is a full VR port of the 2009 HD remaster of the original Serious Sam game and comes with not only teleportation style movement but full locomotion for those that can handle it. Here you get the full single-player campaign, cooperative multiplayer, and competitive multiplayer in Serious Engine 2017. It was in Early Access before, but now this is the full release.
Recommendation: Absolutely must have for FPS fans. If you can handle full locomotion in VR, there's even more value to be found. Here are our thoughts.
#Archery, from VRUnicorns
Price: $8.49 (Currently Discounted)
This game takes the art of archery and applies it to an entire swath of jobs, resulting in a wacky casual experience. With your bow and arrow, you'll be taking on mini-games that end with you baking pizzas, eating hot dogs, whacking moles, and more.
Recommendation: Grab this one. It's a lot of fun.
Planet Defender, from Fevolution Innovation Inc.
Price: $6.99
Planet Defender is a wave shooter where you have 150 seconds to take down as many creatures as possible in pursuit of a high score.
Recommendation: There are similar experiences with more to them at a similar price elsewhere. Pass on this.
Virtual Sports, from Free Range Games
Price: $16.99 (Currently Discounted)
From Vive Studios, Virtual Sports is aiming to be a definitive tennis and ping pong experience for the virtual platform. With realistic physics, you'll be hitting balls across the net in 8 different environments against bots or other players.
Recommendation: Tennis is solid as is Ping Pong, but the latter could use a few more options for controls. Keep an eye on it but hold off.
Happy Penguin VR, from Bellcat VR
Price: $3.59 (Currently Discounted)
Happy Penguin is a VR spin on the Angry Birds play style with you whacking the flightless birds across a landscape to collect tokens. There are different types of penguins, different tools to hit them with, and different props to equip.
Recommendation: Not a bad casual grab.
Dick Wilde, from Bolverk Games
Price: $16.99 (Currently Discounted)
In Dicke Wilde you play the role of the titular character equipped with outrageous weapons and his outrageous beard as you take on a plethora of swamp creatures. You'll use an electric bow, nail gun, grenade launcher, sawblade rifle, and more as you chase high scores in this humorous wave shooter in the backwoods.
Recommendation: A humorous, stylish spin on a genre where there's no shortage of games. If you want a fresh new wave shooter, this one is a must.
Moonatees, from Fungi In The Basement
Price: $4.99
Moonatees is “the most realistic VR space manatee simulator” via the developers. In this game, you're being handling everyday mundane tasks that deal with physics and geometry all while taking on an incoming asteroid.
Recommendation: Worth the purchase, but the team will also be making the game free in the near future. Your call. Whether you wait or not, add it to your library.
INFINITI VR, from The Pulse
Price: Free
INFINITI VR is a visually appealing experience that takes you to New Zealand through various scenes. The scenes include a few interactive elements you can start including skipping stones on water or playing with a mountain goat.
Recommendation: For a car ad, there's not much interaction with the car itself. Nevertheless, it's free and includes some pretty impressive visuals.
Gem Hunter, from FoxLeap
Price: $7.99
Gem Hunter is an action platformer where you fly a hovercraft as you collect diamonds for the Fox King. You'll also mine gems, fight off creatures, and customize your ship while working toward the highest score.
Recommendation: Very fun experience. The early access portion is only 4 stages, but the full game will have 12. Best to grab it now because the price will go up.
GUNNVR, from Artificient Games Inc.
Price:$2.99
From the gunner's chair of a new turret on an Earth Defense Force ship, you're tasked with defending the planet. There's a mysterious field of asteroids that has appeared so you must shoot them down and solve the mystery of their appearance.
Recommendation: Keep an eye on it throughout Early Access, but it doesn't seem to be very interesting thus far.
Twisted Arrow, from Phaser Lock Interactive
Price: $14.99 (Currently Discounted)
Twisted Arrow is an adrenaline packed archery shooter where you must fight through a city overrun with monsters of different types. From military enemies to monstrous ones, you'll use a collection of different arrows and your shield to survive.
Recommendation: Nock and load. This one is a blast. Read our full impressions here.
Ze VR, from Funny Bit Games
Price: $3.99
Ze VR takes the classic breakout style of gameplay and applies to it a virtual space. Shoot your balls and then deflect them with a shield or pulse to continue taking your targets out.
Recommendation: Pass on this one.
Cerevrum, from Cerevrum Inc.
Price: $6.99
Cerevrum is wave shooter that takes place in the world of Enuma. That sounds like your typical fair, but the developers have put together a game that intends to educate you by forcing you to harness your memory, attentiveness, or spatial intelligence to win.
Recommendation: Hard to recommend this one for Vive, but wait for a price drop if you like educational puzzle games.
Narcosis, from Honor Code, Inc.
Price: $19.99
Stranded on the Pacific Ocean's seafloor, Narcosis introduces you to horrors at the deepest depths. This survival horror makes you manage your stress so you don't burn through your oxygen while fighting off hostile fauna and flora.
Recommendation: Only a few hours to complete, but it offers up solid scares and a good story. Here's our full review.
COG (Center of Gravity), from Zero Mass Energy, Inc
Price: $4.01 (Currently Discounted)
Paying homage to the classic game Asteroids, COG challenges you to shoot down space rocks as quickly and efficiently as you can with a ball you deflect around your space as you race to the high score.
Recommendation: There are similar experiences to find with a bit more to it. Pass.
Darwin's bots: Episode 1, from Duplicator Studio
Price: $6.79 (Currently Discounted)
In the world of Darwin's bots, robots are run of the mill. You're a member of a newly formed special agency that's put together after the first crime by a robot is committed. This shooter/adventure game's first episode involves your training and first mission.
Recommendation: A slightly buggy start with a lot of potential. Grab this.
Uplands Motel: VR Thriller, from Gurashop
Price: $6.79 (Currently Discounted)
Uplands Motel is a thriller where you're trapped at a motel after your car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. Essentially you'll be living out your own action thriller as you figure out the puzzles, survive, and fight your way out of this dire situation.
Recommendation: A neat concept with poor execution. Pass on this one.
Mekside VR, from Quantaze Interactive
Price: $14.99
This Minecraft influenced VR game takes a steampunk theme and drops you into a space you can shape. In Mekside, you'll build with the cubic voxel but there are also pistons and motors you can use to interconnect different structures you put together. Aerodynamics and hydrodynamics are included as well so you can take to the skies and seas.
Recommendation: This has the potential to be the Minecraft style builder some have waited for. The style of play could definitely benefit from the freedom of VR. Check it.
New HTC Vive Releases on Viveport
Chinese Cook VR, from Guangdong South Sea Eagle
Price: $4.90
Chinese Cook employs you to create different cuisine in antique traditional Chinese inns. This game serves as an educational peek into Chinese culture and food via food.
Recommendation: This is a neat addition to your collection and does include an English language option.
MakeVR, from Sixense Entertainment, Inc.
Price: $19.99
MakeVR is another creative platform where users can bring their ideas to life. Experienced or not, this program makes it easier to get started quickly and do real-time scaling of your creations.
Recommendation: If you're already comfortable with a creation platform, be wary. There's still no telling when the developer's own position tracked controllers will be available for this program.
Tagged with: htc vive, Viveport
Different ways of telling time
(i) last minute of play
Four-faced, the clock sees everywhere.
Dead centre over the ice, it hangs from chains.
The players glance up, exchange a word, a sideward
look - less than a minute to go. They know time's rough
and tumble. Space and time, that's where they live,
arcs and angles, a quick move to open ice.
Their flashy physics.
Spectacles shift and glitter behind the glass.
Maybe someone they know but they never look
at the crowd. They're at the bench to hear the plan -
"Boys, you get a bounce here, things can happen fast."
Left out on the ice - they might as well be
on the moon - both goalies eye the clock,
one's for zero, the other likes infinity,
but things can change.
Get going clock.
Slow down.
No one in the building likes time's pace.
(ii) you could drift out here forever
Jesus, here we go.
Seventh game, and seconds left to overtime.
Talk's over at the glass, the captains
waved away. The referee holds four fingers up
and folds his arms, four seconds he wants to put back
on the clock. Son of a bitch, an old defender
sags against the boards. Still, imagine the power,
to kick time's arse like that.
(iii) sudden death
The light begins to fade. The cat wants out.
The hours to game-time leak away.
A hint of green pushes into the woods on the long par five
behind the house. I watch the cat sharpen up on a favourite stump.
She yawns and stretches out to twice her length, then leisurely,
she makes her way toward the trees.
Driving into the city, the traffic's heavy,
creeping along in a cloud of exhaust. Stop and go.
The radio low. Country songs, warning about the snow
coming down from Canada. Clutch in clutch out and drift in dreams
of accidents and overtime. Blink and you're done, a dead man
or worse, a radio joke until four in the morning.
(iv) ice time
The guys arrive as if at random intervals,
lay out their gear, lucky shirt, same skate first,
same old jokes about my liniment, Jesus,
Ukey, lose that shit why don't you?
Roll their eyes and tiptoe by.
Check the clock and tape my own stick,
thank you, heel to toe, no wrinkles, tape the ankles.
Time to go out and get loose, guys in twos and threes
at home on ice, tucking pucks lazily under the crossbar.
Same old talk, someone you got to slow down,
a glance where he's talking it up
with his own guys.
Here's the house where I live, I can't say no.
Howe and Lindsay's eyes on me. Pronovost, tough
as a bag of batteries, slaps my pads. I see myself as I pass
in the glass, pick up that look from the other side, a nice pair
of knees that edge apart as I go by. I get a whiff of ice
and something in me starts alive. I take
a few shots, catch and flick, feeling
quick, clank behind me,
lucky too.
Then back inside and bedlam now. Adams
flapping but I don't hear. Holy Mary, don't let me
fall on my face tonight. I try to loosen a pad, my shaking
hand so bad Jesus Jesus. Tommy Ivan shoves in beside me,
knowing he needs to settle me down. New cufflinks on.
Knocks my stick for luck I'm nodding but Mother of Christ
I'm dying inside, can't keep still now everybody wants to go,
the clatter, the chatter, rockers, talkers. "Gotta have this one.
Gotta have it guys." This was where we'd bellow out
some raunchy song when we were young, scare
the bejesus out of everyone. "Nice neighbourhood like this,"
they'd say. "Who let the bloody DPs in?" Tommy drums
a rhythm on my leg – I watch his moving hand
distracted by the veins and lines that make the hand
a miracle, an acrobat, a thief. Gotta have it, guys.
I brace for the roar at the end of the tunnel.
"Give me a hand here, Tommy, tuck that in, that – look,
that bloody strap." Then bang the door and Jesus here we go,
someone shouts those words I love and dread, I hear
them all my life – Let the goalie go first.
(v) carpe diem
They yammer at the press in towels
and the present tense - "So I see Goldie sneaking in
and what I think, I think . . . "
I flick the water from a blade. The living
moment's where they ply their trade, you get your chance
you make it count. They like where time gets in your face
and open ice where you can really fly, or close-in battle
when the sticks get high, the action hot and heavy
as a leg draws up the sheet and slowly
opens out, my living Christ. They swing behind the net,
glancing up to find a gap, an open man, they like the crowd
up on their feet, the bodies piling on, the heft
and taste of women overhead.
"So I see Goldie sneaking in, I'm thinking, man,
if I can just draw Lumley to that post then slip it back
to him, but holy jumpin' don't let this one get away.
You get your chance, you better make it count.
I guess I just get lucky, Fred."
I wipe the other blade and smile.
Seems a neighbourhood I know from long ago.
(vi) big river
Stirring in the dark from ache to ache, crabbing
after scraps of sleep. Outside, the muffled quiet says the snow
has come. I love the city softly locked.
Let it snow forever.
I watch her shoulder's gentle rise and fall,
like she's floating on the water.
Her back's a miracle, so long and smooth
and brown, and there is the jut of hip in envied sleep.
I trace a nail along her spine. Where has she been to get
so brown? What was she saying as I fell asleep? - The smell
of smoke from open fires, barking dogs and swimming out
into the harbour in the dark. Drifting off, I'd felt her
fingers trace their path from scar to scar. This was Watson,
this one here, Henri Richard, and here's the night Pit Martin
cracked your mask and blackened both your eyes, this one
you can hardly see, your brother on the rink
behind your house . . .
How good was that tonight. The guys
were bouncing off the walls. Jack was grabbing
everyone - he knew we had it in us all the time. His buddies
from the press were happy too, no trouble getting anyone
to talk tonight. You hear the racket in the shower,
"What a smack, that little head fake shit . . . "
"Just a sucker punch, hey everybody
knows the guy . . . "
I don't need her clock to know the time.
I shift the arm again, but can't shake something
someone said last night - "Hey, that kid out there
in Edmonton, that gaping hole between his legs,
but man he's got the corners covered.
Ukey Ukey watch your ass."
I crab a little closer to her back.
God, how bad I need this heat.
As we have established, I do not belong in competitive play. It's just not my jam. Fun to number crunch and think about, yes. Which is why, for the past three years, I've played “friendly” events at the Las Vegas Open – and why I've been pleased to see the options proliferate for more casual gamers who still want to go to a marquee event.
This year, like the last, I went to the Team Narrative. So how'd it go?
The Narrative Guys were back this year, and I'd call the event both a success, and an improvement over last year's event (review here).
First, they trimmed the event down to two days, largely by swapping the “Kill Team and Cocktails” event on the first day of the LVO with free, open, casual gaming on the last day of the event. I think overall this was a solid idea – while Kill Team is fun, and I got to play on an awesome Zone Mortalis board last year, it didn't really add much to the event.
Last year, I referred to the Team Narrative as “Surprise Apocalypse”. Basically, last year most people seemed to be assuming that things would run like they do for lots of Horus Heresy games, where your “team” is actually a bunch of single armies trying to accumulate a pool of wins. Which then came as a rude surprise when they were instead tossed into a 6000-8000 point per side Apocalypse game.
To their credit, this year, that was an option – there was a whole Solo Narrative circuit.
But I actually liked the larger games. Though they did get pretty crowded – I didn't bother deploying about half my Eldar last year.
How did they solve that this year?
First, the cat was definitely out of the bag, so our team at least was actively coordinating what people were bringing. They also dialed down the number of points – 1500 pts. per side and three players, which meant 4500 points for each side and 9000 points overall, a pretty sharp drop from 12-16,000 played on 6×8 tables.
Really pretty 6×8 tables.
One of the things I liked last year about “Surprise Apocalypse” is that since nobody came loaded for an Apocalypse game, it wasn't utterly dominated by superheavies. This year, I was a little worried that everyone would know what was coming and plan accordingly – thankfully, the points limit and a ban on Lords of War meant it was still a troops-heavy epic battle.
In my case, I took a Blackmane's Great Company detachment – as I mentioned in my Curse of the Wulfen review, these detachments are pretty tax heavy, so it was pretty barebones. My partners played the opposite – ultra-elite Thunderwolf and Wulfen based forces. We were faced off against three very nice guys playing a KDK list, a Tzeentch-heavy list that was fairly offensive casting based but hadn't broken out the worst of the stuff from the new Wrath of Magnus supplement, and a Renegades list with some zombies, artillery, and Outflanking Chimeras. We were all also allowed to field a 2nd list – they had some minor spins on theirs, we all fielded the same thing.
Day 1: Briefing and Shipping Containers
The first day began with a pretty casual explanation of the mechanics of the next to day, both their sportsmanship rules and how the narrative would actually go. The Narrative Guys developed a more sophisticated system this year for determining games and scenarios, which was nice – it made the games feel more connected to each other. And I'll give them credit, for a Space Wolves vs. Chaos matchup, they didn't take the obvious bait around Fenris going to pieces for the narrative scenario.
One of the big problems last year was there were some very all-or-nothing, “Operation: Table Your Opponent” style missions. This year? Each side would have a different objective, going after different things, and potentially both either attacking or defending. It made for a much more dynamic game, trying to balance your objectives with defeating your opponents – and introduced a bit of psyops in keeping yours a secret and guessing theirs.
For our first game, we deployed on a Dockyard themed table, the Space Wolf objective being to secure a landing zone by having more wounds/hull points on one of four landing pads secretly designated (and later indicated for our opponents by an Arvus Lighter landing and taking off). Their objective…involved something about cultists and swirly portals.
My strategy was incredibly subtle. Drop as many pods in their face as possible and play for time, keeping them as far away from our landing pad as possible. The network of shipping containers made for lots of excellent choke points. Heroic Grey Hunters and Blood Claws would die slowly, some artillery and a Sicaran provided a base of fire. Then the followup punch with Wulfen, Thunderwolf Cav., Murderfang and Bjorn would pick off what was left.
That is…about how things went. Things got off to a slow start, what with my turn one being an utterly exhausting amount of movement. The “highlight” of the game was the Tzeentch players tricked out HQ Demon Prince (I think) taking a wound from Perils of the Warp, failing their 3++ save from The Impossible Robe, promptly failing their Ld test…and blinking out. That put a bit of a damper on the whole thing for them, understandably, though they took their improbably bad luck with good humor.
The game ended in a draw, with the landing pad secured from a Deep Strike/Outflanking counter-attack from some Blood Letters and a Renegade squad in a Chimera, but with us unable to penetrate deep enough into the Chaos lines to disrupt the various portals.
Day 2: Demons in the Jungle and Drop Pod Forest
The second day had higher expectations – hammering out two full games, which meant speeding up. It was rushed at times, but I confess that's as much my fault as anything, what with playing “The Grey Tide”. Game Two had a tougher objective for us – having a character in base to base contact with a portal in the enemy deployment zone, not in close combat. They had to get some psykers into contact with something in their deployment zone and sacrifice them – something we discovered when they succeeded and all three players let out a scream in full stereo. Woops.
The final game of the event was, for our team, played on what's arguably their marquee table, the wall of a hive world.
Not the friendliest table for a drop list however – there's no dropping into the inner part of the city, what with thousands of floors of hive city above it. Our objective was to keep a religious shrine clear of enemy models, while their objective appeared to be herding civilians into a waiting aircraft for…nefarious Chaos-y things.
We decided for some unconventional strategy here – the Chaos team was only told that something was disrupting the warp, and the Shrine was…fairly subtle, while there were other bits of terrain that looked like they could also be warp disruptors – large scale generators, some pylon looking things in the wastes, etc.
So we decided to try some deception, and defend the other objectives. This meant dropping my entire army outside the walls, creating what I ended up nicknaming “Drop Pod Forest”.
This worked really well. As one of the event organizers put it, we had just fed their confirmation bias, and as their second turn was winding down, it was clear that they didn't have any idea what our objective was, and that all we had to do was stay silent.
But that is not the way of the event. So we gave them a hint in order to turn it into an actual game. And what a game it was. Two Demon Princes were killed in a single turn (one of them by Wolf Scouts and Drop Pods, all I had left on the board), then brought back with Warp Tether, threatening the shrine. They were killed in a massive charge of Wulfen and Wolf Guard along with two Stormfang gunships, and we were pretty sure we had the game.
And then…Tzeentch had his moment. A lucky result on the Warp Storm table put a unit of Brimstone horrors close to the objective – they needed a 6 on their run move to prevent us from winning. And sometimes, the Changer of Ways delivers.
Hilariously, the fluff for our campaign was already written up by this time, so the organizers had to go back and rework it. It was an epic end to an epic series of games, and I don't feel even a little bit bad for losing by a hair's breadth.
Overall Impressions:
Last year, my primary complaints about the event were that the missions were very Zero/Sum and the size of the games made things very much a mass parking lot. Both of those were resolved – indeed, if anything the mission design seems to have swung around to slightly favoring tied games. The reduced point counts helped immensely with games going faster and being able to use one's entire army, while still retaining the feel of a large scale infantry-heavy Apocalypse game.
The Narrative events last year was some of the best gaming I did all year, and this year was definitely an improvement on the core of the event – broadening the ways to participate in the narrative, a tighter linking between the games and the narratives, and improved missions that were more dynamic and less winner-takes-all. To my mind, playing narrative missions on beautiful tables is pretty much the heart and soul of 40K, and it's nice to see it have a place at the Las Vegas Open. If you have the opportunity, I'd highly recommend it.
Rating: 9/10 – Amazing tables, good people, and an awesome time. Get your narrative on.
Enjoy what you read? Enjoyed that it was ad free? Both of those things are courtesy of our generous Patreon supporters. If you'd like more quantitatively driven thoughts on 40K and miniatures wargaming, and a hand in deciding what we cover, please consider joining them.
Transfer its good works, and avoid pay-to-play perceptions.
Hillary Clinton in 2014. (Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
On Monday, former president Bill Clinton belatedly announced plans to tighten the ethical safeguards for the Clinton Foundation, the family charity, to eliminate “legitimate concerns about potential conflicts of interest.” The plans range from the laughable to the laudable, and they are woefully incomplete.
Changing the foundation's name from the “Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation” to the “Clinton Foundation” will convince precisely zero people that everything is on the up and up. Taking Bill off the board and ending his official fundraising role won't stop people from trying to buy access through the foundation.
Ending foreign and corporate contributions is a good step, but allowing them to continue at least through the first week of November looks more like an influence-peddling fire sale (Give while you still can!) than a newfound commitment to clean government.
And the complex plan for allowing donations from U.S. citizens and permanent residents, keeping some parts of the Clinton Foundation alive, and maintaining scores of Clinton-family allies on the payroll is less an opportunity for a clean slate than a guarantee of new controversy.
Yes, the Clinton Foundation supports many good works, notably the fight against HIV/AIDS. No, it is not “the most corrupt enterprise in political history,” as Donald Trump is calling it, nor is there enough evidence of potential criminality to warrant appointment of the special prosecutor Trump is seeking.
But the only way to eliminate the odor surrounding the foundation is to wind it down and put it in mothballs, starting today, and transfer its important charitable work to another large American charity such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. If Hillary Clinton doesn't support these steps, she boosts Trump's farcical presidential campaign and, if she's elected, opens herself up to the same kind of pay-to-play charges that she was subject to as secretary of State.
When Clinton became secretary in 2009, new ethical quandaries arose that few people imagined at the time. She gave key State Department aides permission to work for the Clinton Foundation while they worked at State and drew paychecks from a Clinton-affiliated for-profit consulting firm. Emails from her private server reveal communications between foundation representatives and her aides about setting up meetings between America's top diplomats and the Clinton Foundation's top donors, including Gilbert Chagoury, a Lebanese-Nigerian billionaire.
According to an Associated Press analysis of Clinton's State Department calendars released so far, more than half the people outside of government she met with or spoke with on the phone as secretary of State had made pledges or donations to her family charity. Those 85 people donated as much as $156 million. The tabulation published Tuesday does not include the meetings and phone calls with representatives of 16 foreign governments that contributed as much as $170 million to the foundation.
Should Clinton win, she'll face an uphill battle to rebuild trust in government and find a way to get Washington working again. That task will be all the harder if millions of voters repulsed by Trump's rhetoric and concerned with his volatile behavior find that his “Crooked Hillary” taunt had some substance in fact.
Bill Clinton argues that the foundation does vital work and that it “should continue if Hillary is elected.” But if Hillary Clinton is inaugurated in January, there will be no more vital work for her than being president. The continued existence of the Clinton Foundation will be a distraction that America cannot afford.
USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.
To read more editorials, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion email newsletter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bTo5Hf
A Connecticut professor recently called white people “inhuman assholes” and shared an article about letting “bigots” die in a post on Facebook.
Trinity College professor Johnny Eric Williams shared his thoughts publicly on social media, saying, “fed the fuck up with self-identified ‘white's' daily violence directed at immigrants, Muslims, and sexual and racially oppressed people. the time is now to confront these inhuman assholes and end this now,” Campus Reform reports.
Williams also said, “It is past time for the racially oppressed to do what people who believe themselves to be ‘white' will not do, put end to the vectors of their destructive mythology of whiteness and their white supremacy system. #LetThemFuckingDie.”
The “let them die” part of that post refers to a Medium article he shared on his Facebook page titled, “Let Them Fucking Die.”
The post says that when an oppressor or “bigot” needs life-saving help, they should be left to die.
It reads, “If they are choking in a restaurant. If they are bleeding out in an emergency room. If the ground is crumbling beneath them. If they are in a park and they turn their weapons on each other: Do nothing.”
“Least of all put your life on the line for theirs, and do not dare think doing so, putting your life on the line for theirs, gives you reason or cause to feel celestial. Saving the life of those that would kill you is the opposite of virtuous. Let. Them. Fucking. Die. And smile a bit when you do. For you have done the universe a great service,” the article goes on to say.
Williams' faculty page reads that he is writing something called, “The Persistence of White Sociology,” “which explores how conventional sociology as a theory, method and ideology functions to ensure the viability of systemic racism.”
Follow Justin on Twitter
With 2.3 million prisoners, America's unprecedented maze of prisons and jails holds the biggest incarcerated population in the world. Inside our prison walls are men, women, and children who have been arrested and sometimes convicted. They are all doing their time and desperately need whatever help and rehabilitation they can get that will allow them to return to their families safely and successfully. When I served my federal prison sentence for a drug offense, I was part of a remarkable and unexpected community of women struggling for survival under difficult circumstances. After I was released, I wrote the book Orange is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison about what I experienced and witnessed during my time behind bars.
Many Americans are surprised to learn that some prisons are operated by private companies with business models entirely dependent on the U.S. policy known as mass incarceration. The two largest private prison companies, Corrections Corporation of America (CCA) and GEO Group, collected $361 million in profits last year. Some private prison contracts require a 90% occupancy guarantee from government—if the beds aren't full, the public pays penalties to the corporations. This profit motive creates obvious and profoundly perverse incentives that run counter to public safety and justice, while making it even harder for people to successfully return to their families and communities after being released. An increasing amount of research shows prisons held by private companies contribute to recidivism.
To maximize profit, private prisons often cut corners on staffing and other essentials of safety.
At the end of last season, fans of the Netflix series “Orange is the New Black,” created by Jenji Kohan, saw Litchfield prison taken over by a private prison corporation. In the new season, which starts today, we'll watch the show's fictional women prisoners continuing to find ways to survive together, but there's a new pressure: the consequences of turning incarceration into a profit-making venture. After a flood of new transfers fills Litchfield to overflowing, the prison becomes painfully understaffed and under-resourced. This is true to reality—to maximize profit for their investors and reduce operational costs, private prisons often cut corners on staffing and other essentials of safety. The resulting safety and human rights violations in some privately operated prisons have been horrific.
A new research brief from In the Public Interest, a nonprofit advocating for best practices in government contracting, details the several ways private prison companies negatively impact prisoners, correctional workers, their families, their communities, and American taxpayers. For example, understaffing correctional officers leads to more violence inside facilities. Between 2007 and 2009, CCA's female Otter Creek Correctional Center in Kentucky experienced more than twice the number of fights and other violent incidents than the state-managed Kentucky Correctional Institution for Women, as well as horrific sexual abuse of the women held there. The companies also contract across state lines to fill beds in facilities they own, incarcerating people sometimes thousands of miles away from their homes. The state of Hawaii incarcerates more than a thousand prisoners at a private prison in Arizona. These prisoners lose contact with their families and communities, which studies have shown increases the likelihood of someone returning to jail or prison.
Advertisement
If we stopped sending people to private jails and prisons, governments could recover hundreds of millions in tax dollars a year.
Women and men incarcerated at both private and public facilities usually come from our most vulnerable communities and families, and need a lot of help preparing for their release. One important step we can take in that direction is ending for-profit incarceration. These private profits come from taxpayer money that should go to fixing the criminal justice system instead of into shareholders' bank accounts. If we stopped sending people to private jails and prisons, governments could recover hundreds of millions in tax dollars a year to spend on programs helping prisoners reenter our communities as productive citizens.
A good example is the gender-focused initiative at the Washington Corrections Center for Women in Gig Harbor, Washington. Under the facility's Gender Responsiveness Action Plan, women prisoners attend seminars on healthy relationships and habits, safety awareness, and handling anger and stress. Incarcerated women across the country have very high rates of substance abuse, mental illness, and sexual and other physical victimization before incarceration. Significantly, the staff at WCCW is trained to work to help address past trauma many of the women there have suffered. Without addressing these root causes of crime and incarceration, prisons can't possibly rehabilitate or restore the people we choose to lock away.
Advertisement
Reducing recidivism benefits all of us—prisoners, taxpayers, and the communities most impacted by our dysfunctional criminal justice system. But reducing the number of people we lock up doesn't benefit prison profiteers. As long as there are private businesses financially benefiting from mass incarceration, the roadblocks to critically needed criminal justice reform are formidable. By ending state and federal governments' use of private prisons, we can start to remove the profit motive from the center of our decisions on safety and justice; it has no place there.
Season 4 of "Orange Is The New Black" starts today on Netflix.
Piper Kerman is the author of the memoir Orange is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Awan: "I did the right thing, and I would do it again – It would have been easier for me to just fire him" pic.twitter.com/XeSVeybfXf
Orlando Sentinel reports:
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz defiantly stands by her decision to keep an information technology aide on her payroll for six months after he was banned from the House network and fired by other members of Congress.
“I believe that I did the right thing, and I would do it again,” Wasserman Schultz said Thursday in an exclusive interview with the Sun Sentinel. “There are times when you can't be afraid to stand alone, and you have to stand up for what's right.
“It would have been easier for me to just fire him,” she said.
The Weston Democrat did fire Imran Awan last week after he was arrested on bank fraud charges at an airport while trying to leave the country.
As the former Democratic National Committee chairwoman, Wasserman Schultz is the most prominent Democrat who employed Awan. Her decision to keep employing Awan has been under fire from her Democratic primary challenger, Republicans and multiple conservative websites. They've suggested Wasserman Schultz is hiding something and the Awan matter is much more serious than she's letting on.
His arrest, the congresswoman said, had nothing to do with the months-long investigation of Awan as an IT worker for a variety of members of Congress. An FBI affidavit filed with the criminal complaint said Awan and his wife claimed a property used to secure a home equity line of credit was a “principal residence,” when it was, in fact, a rental property. Wasserman Schultz said there still hasn't been any evidence presented that he's done anything wrong involving his work for Congress.
Airport customs in Melbourne, Australia found that a man was carrying bird eggs in his pocket before also noticing that he had two live pigeons wrapped in paper and stuffed inside his pants.
[social_buttons]
The 23-year-old Australian had just returned on a flight from Dubai. If convicted of smuggling charges, the man could face 10 years in prison and/or a $70,430 fine, according to local reports.
“Wildlife smuggling is not only cruel to the animals involved, it poses a severe risk to the Australian environment and the health of the Australian community,” said customs spokesman Richard Janeczko. “It is important that people declare all animal and plant materials to customs and border protection when they enter Australia.”
Customs added that they have no idea what the man intended to use the pigeons for, but that he was also carrying a money belt holding plant seeds and “samples of eggplant.”
Images: Australian Customs Service
AutoGuide.com
The second-generation Acura NSX isn't cheap to begin with, but at least one dealer is already charging a hefty markup.
A post on the International Vehicle Importers Facebook page shows a new Acura NSX that has been marked up $50,000 by a dealer somewhere in the Los Angeles area. The extra $50,000, which brings the total cost of the car up to $250,000, is chalked up to “current market value” according to the bill.
SEE ALSO: Watch the 2017 Acura NSX Claim Victory at Pikes Peak
The NSX starts at $157,800, while this car had enough add-ons to bring the MSRP up to $199,000.
The act of marking up in-demand cars is nothing new, with many dealers looking for ways to make extra profit on cars they know many people want. A post on nsxprime.com from February of 2016 claims that a dealer was trying to charge a customer $10,000 to be first in line to receive the new NSX.
[Source: Facebook]
Discuss this story at our Acura NSX Forum
As Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn has been clear that he understands our responsibilities to one another does not stop at the borders of Britain. In every speech I have seen him give, he has spoken of international solidarity: of Colombian trade unionists, of the Spanish Civil War, of protesters in Saudi Arabia.
It is that sense of solidarity we must show to the people of France after this weekend's atrocity. A sense of solidarity I would hope is shared by all in the UK, and that this country's labour movement will lead.
It is not just that these attacks happened on our doorstep, although they did – it is quicker (not to mention cheaper) for me, for instance, to get from my flat in South London to Paris than it is to get to my childhood home in East Lancashire.
It is that this attack, as Corbyn correctly said yesterday, “is an attack on all of us”. This is not hyperbole. The likes of ISIS do not see borders. They do not even see oceans. They see a common enemy, and when they attacked Paris on Friday night, they attacked London too. And Manchester. And Edinburgh and Glasgow. And New York, Washington, Madrid, Berlin and Rome. They see one common enemy.
I would hope they are right. Trite as it sounds, what they hate most about us is our commitment to democracy and freedom, perhaps most of all the freedoms to love and worship who we please. When Corbyn said yesterday spoke of our pride “to live in a multicultural and multi-faith society”, he was, again, absolutely correct. It is that that sets up apart.
Corbyn wrote to President Hollande, committing the Labour Party to support “every effort to bring to justice the perpetrators of these despicable acts.” It is our duty to ensure they are not empty words.
He wisely cancelled a speech yesterday where he had intended to argue for a foreign policy that meant the UK had “more independent relationship with the rest of the world”. That speech should now never be given. It goes against his best internationalist instincts. What we need now is to stand closer in solidarity with our allies, and build stronger relationships, not try and isolate ourselves under a guise of independence.
In a statement, Corbyn also warned against a response that would “feed a cycle of violence”. No one wants that. ISIS are part of no cycle, though. They are the violence. It is central to their hateful ideology. They murdered 41 people in Lebanon on Thursday. They have murdered countless more in Syria and Iraq. They enslave people, drive them to die on mountainsides, and behead them. It is not just the West they hate, but humanity.
Hollande has said that what was committed was an “act of war”. His appears keen to invoke Article 5 of NATO's treaty, which states that an attack on one ally is an attack on all. Given Corbyn's own words, he cannot now shy away from what comes next. It is impossible to argue that Thursday's approach to ISIS is also Monday's.
Reports suggest that one bomber had tried to enter the Stade de France with a ticket for France v Germany. I had turned down tickets for this week's match between England and France at Wembley, but following events changed my mind and bought tickets yesterday. I will go to the football with my friends this Tuesday to pretend that nothing has changed; and we will sing La Marseillaise because things have. It is the reality Labour must face.
Symbols are great: I sing the French national anthem, our landmarks are lit up with the tricolore, we change our social media profile pictures. There is nothing wrong with any of it. But solidarity, genuine solidarity, means more than it. Those symbols won't mean much to the Kurds or Yazidis still suffering daily, the next aidworker kidnapped, or the innocents slaughtered in the next major ISIS terrorist attack.
Jeremy Corbyn knows that solidarity means more. It is why he has spent decades going down to picket lines to stand shoulder to shoulder with strikers. It is why he hails those who went to fight the fascists in Spain. It is why a letter expressing solidarity is never enough when you can do more. We must keep our word.
A ghostly white fish likely had no idea it was breaking a record when it swam past a camera more than eight kilometres below the surface of the ocean.
The Mariana snailfish was filmed at a depth of 8,178 metres in the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the world's oceans in the western Pacific Ocean.
That makes it the deepest fish ever recorded, said the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology in a news release this week.
Video footage of the fish was captured in May using a high-resolution video camera attached to a "lander" robot designed specifically for the crushing pressures of the "hadal" zone below a depth of 6,000 metres. The lander had been launched by JAMSTEC's research vessel Kairei.
The fish, along with other organisms — such as shrimp-like creatures called amphipods — were lured in front of the camera using mackerel as bait.
The Mariana snailfish is not a new species — it had been described by U.S. and U.K. scientists in 2014 after being spotted as deep as 8,076 metres.
But now that it's been recorded more than 100 metres deeper than before, it breaks a record announced by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, which reported that it had recorded a lion fish at a depth of 8,152 metres earlier this year.
We live in a pretty complex world, and sometimes we need a little help to understand where we are. We're excited to announce Mapzen Search, our new search engine for places that takes our philosophy of open communities creating data and code to its heart. Mapzen Search will launch in the next week, and in the meantime, we wanted to share some background on why the time is right for a new, open search engine for places.
Note: If you've been a user of the Pelias web service during our beta, you'll have to make a few changes as we transition from Pelias beta to 1.0 of Mapzen Search. You may want to skip to this section to understand the changes which we hope are relatively straightforward.
We live in two worlds at once. There's a human world where we call places by their addresses and names. Then there's another world for computers in which every place is represented through geographic coordinate systems like latitudes & longitudes or geohashes. Dozens of times every day we cross that boundary between the world of names and the world of coordinates and it's all facilitated by a process called geocoding. In the coordinate world, it's easy to do things like find things nearby, measure distances and correlate data, but to get there takes a leap through a boundary – and every time that boundary is crossed there's a little toll paid. Do it enough and it adds up. But it also comes with all manner of restrictions of how you can see the world.
But what if it didn't have to be this way? Mapzen Search is our answer to this call. It's powered completely by open data, available freely to everyone, and importantly open to all to make better. It's also powered by Mapzen's open source geocoding project, Pelias. We're building it in the open, and is open to collaboration from all to make searching our world better and smarter.
Mapzen Search is powered completely by open data, available freely to everyone, and importantly open to all to make better.
We're still grappling with the implications of these tools, but searching for places has yet to be truly democratized. To search the globe at a scale where you can afford to take things for granted is expensive. It also generally means searching through the lens of a corporation's owned copy of the world where the data powering it belongs to them, as do the tools that make the data useful.
The Time is Now
We have seen efforts to correct this in the past, with OpenStreetMap's community driven Nominatim project. It's a remarkable open geocoder, but is challenging to run at scale without access to some impressive hardware, which makes customizing it extremely difficult (and is also part of the reason Nominatim is unable to offer autocomplete services). The open community genuinely loves Nominatim and, unfortunately, last month the largest provider of a free Nominatim service, Mapquest Open, announced it would start charging high fees for even moderate use of the service.
We believe that the time is right for a new, open experimental geocoder to give everyone a world-class starting point to search the world.
Here's How
The world is a complex place. Rules about how places are organized are only relevant for certain areas, under certain conditions, and are full of exceptions.
Much of the hard work is in collecting the data so it can represent the world correctly which, thanks to OpenStreetMap, OpenAddresses, and other open data efforts, gives us the greatest accumulation of openly licensed place data the world has ever known. These are projects that give their data to all comers and in the case of OpenStreetMap enable anyone to correct and improve the underlying data, making the tools that use it, and thereby the world just a little bit smarter every time.
So the data collection effort is well underway, and search is a synthesis of this data and how we interpret it. Search requires knowing things like:
UK postcodes beginning with E represent East London, same for S, N and W.
Different countries have different address numbering schemes; some ‘zig-zag' up the street while others go up one side and down the other.
0 is a valid street number in some countries.
US highways with even numbers run East-West and odd routes run North-South.
Most countries have a clear hierarchy of country/city/state etc. but there are some odd exceptions such as Vatican City.
We believe that an open geocoder can only grow over the long-term if it's easy to learn as a community and incorporate truly representative local knowledge.
To account for that, you can either hire an army of employees to conduct the research in every far-flung corner of the world, or rely on local knowledge of users around the world to help create open services that are genuinely representative. Mapzen is committed to working with folks in the open mapping community and beyond to make the Pelias engine incrementally better at representing the world the way it really is, through the input of the very people that occupy it.
As we start, our focus is making Mapzen Search & Pelias a project where participating in the design and development is fundamentally open. It's why we're building Pelias with Node.js and Elasticsearch.
With Node.js, we're able to open up Pelias' development to one of the largest development communities in the world. Javascript has become a lingua franca of programming that has not only shown itself as powerful for building tools, but for building tools that garner powerful communities. Node.js has a huge collection of modules which are shared with other users in the community through the package manager npm. As we develop functionality for Pelias and Mapzen Search, we publish each piece of discrete functionality to npm so that the community can also benefit from it, and contribute features back to us.
And while we orchestrate in Javascript, we power search with Elasticsearch, another remarkable open source project that lets us scale Pelias' search capabilities from running on just a single desktop to across a data center. It's a framework that'll let us continue to build features present in Pelias and Mapzen Search that simply aren't there in other open geocoders, like autocomplete. It lets us to easily adapt the strategies we use to search for things and what we can offer with those searches.
We think open data, open source, and open strategy win over proprietary solutions at any part of the stack and want to ensure the services we offer are in line with that vision.
We want to give everyone a world-class starting point to search the world. With the revolution in open data being led by communities, and the Open Government movement, anyone who can run Pelias can have a powerful geocoder out of the box based on open data. That's why we're building Mapzen Search, our flagship use of Pelias to run entirely on open data - we want to ensure the baseline you get with us is as good as it possibly can be. We think open data, open source, and open strategy win over proprietary solutions at every part of the stack and want to ensure the services we offer are in line with that vision.
You've got this data, shouldn't you be able to use it on any map you want?
At the same time, we want to open the domain of place search and geocoding beyond where it is today, and give others a powerful place to start in customizing a geocoder for specific domains, companies, and purposes we haven't even imagined today.
We couldn't be more excited for you to start searching the world with us.
Upcoming Changes
The release of Mapzen Search is a major milestone that we hope will make Pelias easy for developers to start using immediately and to support the improvements we have in store over the next few years. However, it also introduces changes which are incompatible with the beta some developers have been using. We will continue to support calls to the existing API for at least the next two months (through November) to give developers time to transition to Mapzen Search. We realize that any partner API change, no matter the size, is a burden on existing users, and so making this change is something we do not take lightly.
The timing of this transition only immediately affects current users of pelias.mapzen.com. If you are running your own instance of Pelias, you can control timing of the transition by choosing when to roll out the upgrade.
We are formalizing our documentation for this new API. But if you're an existing Pelias user, we should talk. Because we haven't previously required registration for Pelias, we can't get in touch with folks directly.
If you use Pelias today, please let us know by filling out This Form, or sending us an email at search@mapzen.com. We want to get in touch to make this transition as easy as possible for you and your users.
More soon!
Image credits:
Lionel Pincus and Princess Firyal Map Division, The New York Public Library. “Orbis terrae compendiosa descriptio : quam ex magna universali Gerardi Mercatoris Domino Richardo Gartho, geographie ac ceterarum bonarum artium amatori ac fautori summo, in veteris amicitie ac familiaritatis memoriam Rumoldus Mercator fieri curabat A0. M.D. LXXXVII.” The New York Public Library Digital Collections. 1637. http://digitalcollections.nypl.org/items/510d47e2-0b65-a3d9-e040-e00a18064a99
Textiles department of Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum. “Jacket, Wearin' The States, 1990. tyvek, a dupont copyrighted fabric, other synthetics. Gift of Interarts. 1991-14-6.” Cooper Hewitt Collections. 1990. https://collection.cooperhewitt.org/objects/18635643/
Lionel Pincus and Princess Firyal Map Division, The New York Public Library. “[Plate 77: Map bounded by West 27th Street, East 27th Street, Fourth Avenue, East 22nd Street, West 22nd Street, Sixth Avenue.]” The New York Public Library Digital Collections. 1852 - 1854. http://digitalcollections.nypl.org/items/510d47e4-56ba-a3d9-e040-e00a18064a99
Special thanks to Stephen Hess, Peter Johnson, Nathaniel Vaugn Kelso, Randy Meech, John Oram, Julian Simoni, Kaitlin Thaney, and Diana Shkolnikov for reviewing drafts and generally helping make this piece better.
This was true from the inception. In the pilot episode, protagonist Ted Mosby (Josh Radnor) comes to the realization that he's not good at being single. He would rather settle down and become the head of a household, a role that he thinks will suit his dorky-dad-like qualities and his desire for the quiet life. And while ensuing seasons demonstrate that Ted is not quite as father-ready as he assumes himself to be—his character could be described as someone who really wants to be wiser than his years but isn't quite there yet—this overt yearning to get past singledom forms the show's thematic base.
At a time when Americans are increasingly getting hitched at later ages or avoiding nuptials altogether, the idea of an attractive 20-something living in one of the world's most vibrant metropolises and wanting nothing more than to settle down with a wife and kids feels hopelessly old-fashioned. Yet HIMYM found nuance in the way people can still pursue a traditional vision of happiness.
The point of the show never lay in the exact machinations which led Ted to “the mother.” It lay in the events that shaped Ted into husband-worthy material. Before he could truly evolve into the dad who narrates the show, he had to learn from a slew of bad relationships with women he had little in common with, let the devastation of heartbreak mellow his overzealous soul, and stop confusing his close friendship with Robin for something more.
The writers made the sentimentality of that conceit bearable by pairing it with ridiculous, manic, and entertaining side plots: Robin Scherbatsky (Cobie Smulders) spent her youth in Canada as a Tiffanyesque teen pop star; Ted's middle-school-classmate-turned-porn-star uses the alias Ted Mosby; Barney Stinson does Barney Stinson-esque things.
The cast helped nail that delicate balance between sweetness and silliness. Segel brought real quirk to Marshall, a role that could have devolved into a something more conventional and less enjoyable to watch—something akin to Ross on Friends. And as Barney, whose horniness coexists with a desperate desire for meaningful friendships, Neil Patrick Harris created one of television comedy's most indelible characters. In a subversive twist, Barney's predilections (a love of tailored clothes and expensive drinks) and deficiencies (the inability to drive or use simple household tools like a hammer) clashed with the stereotypical masculinity he so desperately strived to project. Josh Radnor, Cobie Smulders, and Alyson Hannigan provided lively presences for Segel and Harris to play off.
Though HIMYM featured smarter writing and better acting than most sitcoms, it never received much critical attention. In nine seasons, the show earned only a single Emmy nomination for Outstanding Comedy Series; for the sake of comparison, Friends received six such nominations and garnered one win in that category. Since 2005, critics and awards voters have been too busy praising shows like 30 Rock and Modern Family to notice the exceptional work of Carter Bays and Craig Thomas, HIMYM's co-creators, and the actors who have come to embody the five beloved characters. This is unfortunate. While HIMYM has certainly had creative lulls during its nine-season run, the show's best episodes—“Ten Sessions,” “Hopeless,” “P.S. I Love You”—were as funny and touching as any produced by contemporary sitcoms.
Topl's goal is to connect investors and producers across the world to form project-based joint ventures. In this process, investors require privacy in their actions, yet producers need the ability to share past investment information. In addition, the network relies on consensus over not only digital information but also the storage of real goods.
Both of these require implementation of a sophisticated scheme that prevents undue investor exposure, defines access roles over shared information, and avoids potential information leakage of transactions. These transactions rely on reputation of parties and ultimately require physical audits as anchors. For these reasons, the consensus has to be built around “real stake” (a combination of reputation and stake) and potentially fuzzy asset tracking — something which can't be earnestly tackled given current development of general-purpose chains. Even Ethereum, which is working to include zk-SNARKs in its Metropolis release will be unprepared to seriously handle private transactions — such as those produced in ZCash — for some time.
That's not to say that there aren't potentially significant benefits to being part of these chains. Look at Ethereum:
Benefits:
— Existing clients with JSON-RPC integration
— High-quality development team and set standards (ERC20/223)
— Relatively high number of users
— Fairly simple development process for smart contracts
Downsides:
— Consensus is limited to Ethereum
— Pay to deploy contracts and contract upgrades
— Double-cost barrier for token monetization
— Smart contract development is limited in terms of complexity (largely due to EVM)
— Smart contract languages (Solidity, Serpent, LLL) still very immature
— Gas price stickyness compared to exchange rate
It's obvious that one of the largest obstacles for any platform, user acquisition, has been addressed with great success in Ethereum. Ethereum has thrived at building to assist new applications in growth and attracting users. However, significant obstacles overshadow these benefits. Consider that Augur, Gnosis, and Aragon — along with many other projects of significant scope — use dozens of smart contracts and hundreds or thousands of lines of code. The costs and logistical challenges of these deployments are certainly not insignificant.
A general-purpose compute blockchain like Ethereum can work very well for small applications now and in the longer term for consumer-focused, app-like contracts. Nevertheless, unless Ethereum becomes a “master chain”, it's difficult to imagine the future of blockchains as anything other than an internet of blockchains instead of a single app store and platform.
In the grand scheme of things, what Topl aims to provide is arguably far more specialized than what can currently or should ever be represented on an app-oriented chain. As a result, we've decided that the best course forward, both from a technical and logistical standpoint, is to build our own client on a tested foundation: the Scorex blockchain framework.
However, in terms of liquidity, crypto-assets can still benefit from the nascent standards spearheaded by Ethereum. Given that many crypto-exchanges (e.g. Poloniex) have already begun accepting ERC20/223 tokens, this presents an opportunity for new crypto-assets to gain access to a more developed market. Other decentralized platforms with specific needs have already chosen this route (e.g. Golem, Mysterium).
Liquidity benefits can also be realized to some extent in other chains as well, such as Stellar and Ripple. These can help extend these markets to those in the developing world — and specifically the unbanked.
Consequently, we intend to develop functionality to port assets to other blockchains. Early on, users ought to be able to submit these asset transfer transactions to, for example, a contract on Ethereum (think Project Alchemy). The corresponding tokens should be subject to the ERC20/223 standard and be able to be re-imported from the contract back onto the Topl chain. In this way, we hope to improve access to Topl chain assets while avoiding any technical compromise. In the longer term, we hope to make use of tighter interoperability, such as the solutions proposed by Cosmos (formerly Gnuclear) and Polkadot.
And perhaps most importantly, this hybrid approach will allow us to better offer our users the opportunity to participate in collaborative, pooled ventures in areas across the globe. The end result? Investments which benefit communities along with the enterprises that are built in them — all on blockchains.
Tickets for the 2017 event went on sale at 9am this morning (October 9)
Tickets for Glastonbury Festival 2017 have sold out in just 55 minutes this morning (October 9).
Some fans reported on social media that the See Tickets website crashed as they tried to buy tickets, but others tweeted that they had managed to purchase tickets without a hiccup.
After coach tickets sold out in just 23 minutes earlier this week, the main batch of tickets went on sale at 9am this morning and Glastonbury's official account tweeted at 9.55am that they had all been sold.
Fans who weren't lucky enough to secure tickets today will have a second chance in the spring, when Glastonbury offers its traditional batch of re-sale tickets.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
How To Get Tickets For Glastonbury 2017 – All The Key Dates
Glastonbury Festival 2017 will run from June 21-25. Guns N' Roses, Kasabian, Radiohead and The Stone Roses are among the favourites to headline next year, while Daft Punk and Lady Gaga have also been rumoured.
Glastonbury has also announced that its next fallow year will take place the year after. “We can also confirm that we will be taking our next fallow year in 2018, in order to give the farm, the village and the festival team the traditional year off. There are no plans to hold an event at another location in 2018,” a statement reads.
Last month it was revealed that a proposed move to Longleat had fallen through.
A Massive Ordnance Air Blast, or MOAB, nicknamed the "Mother of All Bombs" because of its acronym. DoD Photo Editor's note: An earlier version of this story cited a figure from a 2011 newspaper article on the Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb. An Air Force representative provided an official, updated estimate on Friday.
Some of President Donald Trump's critics were quick to decry the cost of dropping the "mother of all bombs" on an ISIS target in Afghanistan on Thursday.
But the number heavily cited across social media, $314 million, was never confirmed by the US military, which has developed 20 such bombs, officially called the Massive Ordnance Air Blast.
The US Air Force dropped one MOAB — the largest nonnuclear bomb in the US's arsenal — on an ISIS target in a remote part of far northeast Afghanistan, according to the Pentagon. The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said the goal was to destroy "a system of tunnels and caves that ISIS fighters used to move around freely, making it easier for them to target US military advisers and Afghan forces in the area."
One MOAB costs about $170,000, an Air Force representative said Friday. The Air Force has not confirmed the development costs associated with the larger weapons system.
Many celebrities and other Trump critics used Twitter to express frustration at the administration's authorization of using such an expensive bomb, but they cited an unverified cost believed to have been associated with the entire development program:
For comparison, aircraft from the USS Harry S. Truman dropped 1,118 smaller bombs in Iraq and Syria from late December 2015 to mid-April 2016 as part of the US-led Operation Inherent Resolve. A general-purpose 1,000-pound MK-83 costs about $12,000.
Alex Lockie contributed to this post.
Two people are accused of ripping off marijuana from the Smoke Buddy mobile marijuana cart Thursday morning after a violent struggle with the owners that involved a knife and stick attack.
A female suspect jumped on the owner's back, and once the owner shook her off, she picked up a stick and started swinging it at him, according to police. He grabbed his own stick and tried to fight her off.
The robbery was reported at 10:20 a.m. at North Alma Avenue and Willamette Boulevard, as the cart was opening for the day.
A man and a woman were seen walking toward the trailer. The man tried to open the trailer door and got into a physical struggle with the owner inside. The suspect pulled out a knife and ran over to the owner's vehicle nearby, where his wife was seated inside.
The male suspect grabbed items from the trunk of that vehicle, while his female accomplice jumped on the owner's back. The owner shook her off, but the woman grabbed a stick and began swinging it at him, police said.
He fought back, grabbing his own stick to fend the intruders off.
The male suspect ran to a SUV and drove away, leaving his alleged accomplice behind. Police took the female suspect into custody at the scene.
Robbery detectives are continuing to investigate. Police have not identified either the woman arrested or the man being sought.
Last month, The Oregonian/OregonLive's Noelle Crombie reported that the mobile marijuana cart is illegal, according to Oregon Health Authority officials.
Jonathan Modie, a spokesman for the health authority, which oversees the state's dispensary system, said mobile marijuana operations and delivery services are illegal under Oregon's rules.
--Maxine Bernstein
mbernstein@oregonian.com
503-221-8212; @maxoregonian
After a heated two-day discussion, the vast majority of Jordanian Parliament members voted on Wednesday for a non-binding motion rejecting the government's recent decision to buy natural gas from Israel's offshore Leviathan reservoir.
Starting Tuesday morning – under the dome of parliament - an estimated 92 MPs called on the government to cancel the gas deal, with some describing it as “stolen Palestinian gas” in three-minute speeches.
Others warned the government about the consequences of “confining Jordanians under the mercy of Israel” for 15 years.
“Our Arab and Islamic ethics do not allow us to approve of buying the gas, which was stolen from them [Palestinians],” said Yahya Saud, a strong opponent of the deal, during the discussion.
In September, the Jordanian government signed a letter of intent with US Company Noble Energy to purchase 1.6 trillion cubic feet of Israeli gas. Sources familiar with the deal have said the contract is worth between $14bn and $15bn.
Activists sat on the balconies overlooking parliament wearing badges saying “Gas [from] the enemy [is] occupation”. Most activists refused to speak to media saying they were there just to listen.
Speaking on behalf of Jordanians who they represent, some MPs warned that signing the deal will cost them their credibility.
“[Respecting] the dignity of the Jordanian people means that this deal is not signed. What do we tell [the] Jordanian people?” said MP Jamal Gamouh, head of the parliamentary energy committee, referring to a petition signed by 8,000 Jordanians rejecting the deal.
Parliamentarians handed the petition to Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour after the session concluded on Wednesday afternoon.
Unlike the government's claim that the deal is an issue of “economics”, some MPs voiced their concern that the deal is politically motivated and initiated by the United States.
“This deal was passed during the vicious attacks on the people of Gaza and was strongly supported by the US to serve its strategic goals in the Middle East,” said Deputy Mohammad Hudaeeb.
Jordananian and Israeli relations are the worst they have been since Amman signed the peace treaty 20 years ago. Jordan's ambassador still has not returned back to Israel after he was recalled last month in protest against attacks on al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.
“Instead of closing the embassy of Israel and declaring the ambassador persona non-grata after all the violations, our government expects Jordanians to accept a big project aimed at strengthening ties with the Zionist enemy,” said Deputy Ali Sunaid, in reference to the recent diplomatic tension between Jordan and Israel.
Around 15 MPs spoke in favour of the gas deal, citing the economic factor as a reason.
“I am in favour of importing gas from Satan if it serves our country's interest, security and stability,” said Deputy Bassam Manaseer.
Jordanian officials have hailed the 15-year deal as an answer to the country's energy problems. They have said it will save the country $992mn annually and reduce losses at the National Electric Power Company (NEPCO), which are expected to reach $1.8bn by the end of 2014.
Citing a high government budget deficit, MP Ali Khalialah said he was in favour of the signing the deal but only for one year.
“We should keep in mind that we have economic challenges away from politics. We have a strong budget deficit due to the cumulating energy bill.”
As “the Palestinian Authority recognizes Israel as a state” Deputy Rida Haddad asked his fellow MPs “why should Jordan be forbidden from dealing with Israel?”
In response to comments by MPs, Prime Minister Ensour said the decision is having been made by Jordanians alone and denied accusations the government is influenced by other countries.
“We were not given orders by anyone...we are not traitors for anyone,” Ensour said addressing MPs on Wednesday afternoon.
“In this cabinet, we are responsible for meeting the needs of the Jordanian people in the best and safest way,” he added.
In response to suggestions by deputies that partnering with Arab countries like Qatar could be an alternative, Ensour said his government “would have welcomed a deal with Qatar if they gave the same prices as Israel.”
“Jordan is playing its role and the role of other Arab countries towards what is happening in Palestine, Syria, Iraq,” Ensour said in reference to the financial challenges his country have endured in recent years due to regional turmoil.
The prime minister said Algeria had been sounded out as an alternative place to source energy but “there was no gas to buy” there.
Gas is due to begin flowing from Israel to Jordan in 2017. It will be pumped from the Leviathan gas field, off the coast of Israel's third largest city Haifa, by the US-based company Noble Energy who own almost 40 percent of reserves there.
Boycott, ban, criminalize Roundup
by Jon Rappoport
December 29, 2014
NoMoreFakeNews.com
Glyphosate is the primary active ingredient in the herbicide Roundup.
There is no official figure for the amount of glyphosate used every year in the world. One estimate? 650,000 tonnes, which works out to a staggering 1.3 billion pounds.
Manufactured by Monsanto and a number of other companies, glyphosate use spiked after the introduction of Monsanto's GMO Roundup Ready food crops in the 1990s.
Here is a sprinkle of information about glyphosate. To say it's sobering is a vast understatement. Keep in mind that the medical cartel, which would call a mother's touch a disease if it could get away with it, has no name for any disease or disorder caused by glyphosate. In other words, the cartel doesn't acknowledge its existence. Who will acknowledge its existence?
One: Scientific American, June 23, 2009, “Weed-whacking herbicide proves deadly to human cells,” by Crystal Gammon:
“Glyphosate, Roundup's active ingredient, is the most widely used herbicide in the United States. About 100 million pounds are applied to U.S. farms and lawns every year, according to the EPA.
“Until now, most health studies have focused on the safety of glyphosate, rather than the mixture of ingredients found in Roundup. But in the new study, scientists found that Roundup's inert ingredients amplified the toxic effect on human cells—even at concentrations much more diluted than those used on farms and lawns.
“One specific inert ingredient, polyethoxylated tallowamine, or POEA, was more deadly to human embryonic, placental and umbilical cord cells than the herbicide itself – a finding the researchers call ‘astonishing.'
“‘This clearly confirms that the [inert ingredients] in Roundup formulations are not inert,' wrote the study authors from France's University of Caen. ‘Moreover, the proprietary mixtures available on the market could cause cell damage and even death [at the] residual levels' found on Roundup-treated crops, such as soybeans, alfalfa and corn, or lawns and gardens.”
Two: Reuters, 4/25/13, “Heavy use of herbicide Roundup linked to health dangers—US study,” by Corey Gillam:
“Heavy use of the world's most popular herbicide, Roundup, could be linked to a range of health problems and diseases, including Parkinson's, infertility and cancers, according to a new study.
“The peer-reviewed report, published last week in the scientific journal Entropy, said evidence indicates that residues of ‘glyphosate,' the chief ingredient in Roundup weed killer, which is sprayed over millions of acres of crops, has been found in food.
“Those residues enhance the damaging effects of other food-borne chemical residues and toxins in the environment to disrupt normal body functions and induce disease, according to the report, authored by Stephanie Seneff, a research scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Anthony Samsel, a retired science consultant from Arthur D. Little, Inc. Samsel is a former private environmental government contractor as well as a member of the Union of Concerned Scientists.
“‘Negative impact on the body is insidious and manifests slowly over time as inflammation damages cellular systems throughout the body,' the study says.
“Of the more than two dozen top herbicides on the market, glyphosate is the most popular. In 2007, as much as 185 million pounds of glyphosate was used by U.S. farmers, double the amount used six years ago, according to Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) data.”
Three: A study: “An acute exposure to glyphosate-based herbicide alters aromatase levels in in testis and sperm nuclear quality”; Environmental Toxicology and Pharmacology, v.38. Issue 1, July 2014:
“We investigated the effects of a glyphosate-based herbicide after an 8-day exposure of adult rats… These results suggest changes in androgen/estrogen balance and in sperm nuclear quality… The repetition of exposures of this herbicide could alter the mammalian reproduction.”
Four: Truthout, Oct. 6, 2014, “Monsanto's Roundup linked to cancer,” by Jeff Ritterman, MD:
“Roundup is now heavily sprayed in what is known as the ‘Soy Republic', an area of Latin America larger than the state of California. This region has undergone a profound transformation since genetically modified (GM) crops were first introduced in 1996. Some 125 million acres in Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Uruguay, and Paraguay are now devoted to GM soy production.
“Dr. Medardo Avila Vazquez, a pediatrician specializing in environmental health, explained his concerns:
“‘The change in how agriculture is produced has brought, frankly, a change in the profile of diseases. We've gone from a pretty healthy population to one with a high rate of cancer, birth defects, and illnesses seldom seen before. What we have complained about for years was confirmed and especially what doctors say about the sprayed towns and areas affected by industrial agriculture. Cancer cases are multiplying as never before in areas with massive use of pesticides.'
“Much the same was found in Chaco, Argentina's poorest province. In 2012, two villages were compared, the heavily sprayed farming village of Avia Terai and the non-sprayed ranching village of Charadai. In the farming village, 31 percent of residents had a family member with cancer while only 3 percent of residents in the ranching village had one.”
Five: Rense.com, 8/5/2005, “Monsanto's Roundup Killing Frogs, Amphibians Worldwide”:
“The most striking result from the experiments was that a chemical designed to kill plants killed 98 percent of all tadpoles within three weeks and 79 percent of all frogs within one day” — University of Pittsburgh researcher, Rick Relyea
Six: Global Research, July 5, 2014, “Monsanto's Roundup herbicide and regulators ‘with something to hide'”, by Colin Todhunter:
“Last year, Friends of the Earth (FoE) and GM Freeze commissioned a study based on urine samples from volunteers in 18 countries across Europe. It found that on average 44 percent of samples contained glyphosate. The proportion of positive samples varied between countries, with Malta, Germany,the UK and Poland having the most positive tests, and lower levels detected in Macedonia and Switzerland. All the volunteers who provided samples lived in cities, and none had handled or used glyphosate products in the run-up to the tests.”
“In Mississippi, 75 percent of air and rain sample contained levels of glyphosate that could have serious physiological consequences for humans.”
“Claire Robinson from GM Watch notes that earlier this year a group of Chinese food safety volunteers submitted a request to China's Ministry of Agriculture to disclose the study that justified issuing the safety certificate for the import into China of Monsanto's Roundup. Writing on the GM Watch website, she says:
“‘The Ministry replied that Roundup was registered in China in 1988 based on a toxicology test report issued by a testing company called Younger Laboratories in St Louis, Missouri. The test was an acute exposure toxicity test (such tests last a maximum of a few days), with Roundup being given to rats by mouth and applied to the skin of rabbits. It claimed to find no effect on the eyes or skin, and no allergy. The volunteers asked the Ministry to release the study, and the Ministry in turn asked Monsanto. Monsanto replied that the study constituted its own commercial secret, adding that the company had never disclosed the study anywhere in the world and did not agree to disclose it now. The volunteers are appealing against the decision.'”
One of the implications of these six citations: Glyphosate, as an ingredient of Roundup and other herbicides, drifts on the wind, and its dangerous effects are felt far from agriculture centers.
As long as Monsanto is permitted to produce GMO seeds that are engineered to be immune to Roundup, the tonnage of glyphosate loosed on the world population will continue to escalate.
Properly thought of, glyphosate is a chemical-warfare agent.
The labeling of GMOs, as a response to the threat, is too little, too late. It would be akin to requiring enemy planes, loaded with bombs, to display an insignia of the country's air force as it invades.
Jon Rappoport
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine.
Our story begins not in the East End - with a couple of geezers havin' a laugh and titter and an oily rag down the rubadub nuclear sub - but at Sun studios in Memphis, where Jerry Lee Lewis and Johnny Cash made rock'n'roll history, and where renowned engineer Jack Clement worked. In a letter to the label boss who introduced him to Chas & Dave's World of Chas & Dave in 2000, Clement says: "I can only imagine how much fun Chas and Dave would have been to have around in the Sun Records studio in Memphis in the rockin' 50s. I think all of us, including Jerry Lee Lewis, would be better for it and I'm pretty sure that Elvis would have been entranced by them."
Cut to this year's Glastonbury - where Chas & Dave pulled a crowd of around 18,000 to the acoustic stage. "The amazing thing was, they knew every word of every song," says Dave Peacock as he takes out his guitar. Chas Hodges, meanwhile, is setting up his new mini Fender amp. It makes him look like a giant.
Going off to get chairs, I bump into Jamie Cullum, rehearsing downstairs in the same studio. "Chas & Dave? Nice one. They were heroes of mine," he says. The Libertines are also big fans ("Pete said we made him want to become a musician," says Chas); Roots Manuva namechecks them.
Chas & Dave love the fresh wave of attention - but it's not fooling them. "Chas said a good thing to me the other week," says Dave. "We've never been right in, so we can't go right out. We don't fit in anywhere, so we fit in everywhere. Summing like that."
I've got no idea what I'm going to do on their tune Rabbit - but I insist we try it. We all shamble around a bit on our instruments, testing levels, then, as if some telepathic gun had gone off, they start, perfectly together. Dave beams at me while he is playing; it's amazing what an effect that can have on the quality of the sound. I try and beam back, but it's tough when you're playing the trombone. "Rabbit, parp, rabbit, parp, rabbit-rabbit, parp-parp ..."
And they can play - which somehow seems to shock people who assume "light-hearted" is an excuse for being crap at your instrument. "When we were writing songs, years ago," says Dave, "we were doing sessions and things - just to pay the rent. We did an album with Oliver Nelson, a New York trumpet player. It was half of Count Basie's band and half of Duke Ellington's band."
"We didn't know who they were," says Chas. "That was for a [record producer] called Bob Thiele - turned out he got Buddy Holly going. He came over with his wife, Teresa Brewer, and said, 'I want you two to do an album.' We used to use this rhyming slang, like, 'You got an oily, Dave?' And he says , 'Whassis oily, oily raaags?' I said, 'It's our word for fags.' So he called us Oily Rags on the album."
We play a few numbers with Chas & Dave on guitars - the way they like to play the first half of their gigs. I ask Chas if he'll have a go on the piano. He half dismantles it, reveals its guts, winds up his left hand and kicks off a bit of 12th Street Rag - a showcase for his boogie. "Take it away, Pascal!" I parp it away.
Chas laughs: "You got some nice syncopation there. First time we're done that with a trombone ... I think." Chas's mum was a piano player, and wanted him to take it up, but he preferred guitar. "Then, later, I was in a band called the Outlaws, playing bass guitar. We went on tour with Jerry Lee Lewis, and he showed me a few things on the piano. I thought: hang on a minute, that's a different way of playing. I started copying his records, and ended up recording with him in 1972."
"Funny enough, talking about Jerry Lee, his sister's just recorded one of our songs: Wonder in Whose Arms You Are Tonight," says Dave.
"Great, isn't it?" says Chas. "All goes round in circles."
Their career is full of interesting little circles. For example, the hook used on Eminem's My Name Is from a Labi Siffre tune, I Got The - featuring music from Chas & Dave. Then there's the whole Beatles thing. "I was playing bass for Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers," says Chas. "We were supporting the Beatles, their very last European tour. You could see why they were packing up, because as soon as they went on stage, all you heard was 'Aaaaaaaaaaaa!' from start to finish. I could picture John Lennon just going, What the fuck's going on? 'She loves you yeah, yeah, aaaaaaaaaaaa!' Nobody listening. Drive you bloody barmy wouldn't it?
"Paul [McCartney] - he's a big Chas & Dave fan now, which is great, but I remember when I first started talking to him, and he played us Revolver (though it didn't have a title at the time). When he got to Yellow Submarine he looked me in the eyes all the way through it, looking for a reaction. I didn't know whether I was supposed to laugh or not!
"We started what we were doin', what we are doing now, because we were fed up with the music in the 1970s. We loved rock'n'roll, but we wanted to incorporate our rock'n'roll feeling, our own accents, and write about things that we know about. Ian Dury did it his way, Madness theirs. We termed it Rockney."
We play again - they're generous musicians, and the glow they give off when they play is infectious. Dave is still beaming. There's no one quite like them, but there is a Chas'n'Dave lookalike band, which Bill Bailey referred to on Never Mind the Buzzcocks, having seen a poster for them with a sticker saying: "This is not the real Dave." As in, not the real fake Dave? "I can't go anywhere without someone saying, 'Are you the real Dave?'" says the real Dave. Which reminds him ...
"Geezer just come back from Greece, where some bars say they've got 'Chas'n'Dave playing live, here tonight'. My missus is getting on the case. Anyway, out of the blue, I got this geezer painting the house, and his mate's just gone to the same resort. So I phoned him up and said go in that fackin' place and tell the man that's running that club: that ain't the real Chas'n'Dave!"
"We better find out, perhaps we're booked there and we don't know it," says Chas, admiring his new mini amplifier.
"Yeah," says Dave. "Perhaps they're earning more money than we are. How about that for sauce?"
· Chas and Dave's Greatest Hits is out on November 25 on EMI. They play Shepherd's Bush Empire, London W6, on December 15
Kottayam: At least 51 persons, most of them belonging to Christian community, embraced Hinduism at nearby Kurichi on Easter on Sunday.
Twenty five men and 26 women converted to Hinduism in the reconversion ritual organised by Viswa Hindu Parishad (VHP), organisers of the programme said.
VHP district secretary P K Gopalakrishnan claimed that it was not a forced conversion and the people belonging to 20 families embraced Hinduism on their own.
"We are just facilitators. There is no force," Gopalakrishnan told PTI.
He also justified the decision to organise the event on Easter saying it was a convenient day for all since it is a holiday.
Gopalakrishnan said so far 153 persons, mostly belonging to Christian community, have reconverted to Hinduism in the district under the initiatives undertaken by various Hindu organisations since Christmas last year.
On Christmas last year, at least 58 persons had converted to Hinduism at two temples as part of the Ghar Wapsi programme organised by the VHP, he said.
Directed by Michael Dougherty
Written by Todd Casey, Michael Dougherty, and Zachary Shields
Starring Adam Scott, Toni Collette, David Koechner, Allison Tolman, Krista Stadler, and Emjay Anthony
THIS REVIEW GIVES AWAY THE ENDING OF THE FILM
Families can be a pain, especially when everyone gets together solely from a sense of obligation. What should be a time of joyful reunion becomes an endurance test, as everybody picks at each other's emotional scabs. Good times. The consolation is that every now and then it can be the basis for a really good satire like the Christmas horror film Krampus . You've seen the heartwarming dysfunctional-family Christmas comedies. Everyone hates each other and yells, but at the end the “True Spirit of Christmas” prevails and harmony is restored. Even the most bitter or transgressive holiday film follows this pattern. Krampus does as well, but in a way that undermines the genre's theme of hope and reconciliation.
By now anyone into horror or fringe culture has likely heard about Krampus, the anti-Santa. Versions of the Bavarian baddie started popping up in American media a few years ago, perhaps because the resurgence of Krampus festivals in the Alpine regions of Europe brought the figure more press. In case you're new to phenomenon, Krampus is a goat-like demon that punishes bad children. A likely holdover from pagan times, he's survived through association with Christmas and Saint Nicholas. In some regions Krampus works for the jolly old elf, which makes the chains he wears suggestive of working conditions at the North Pole. Fortunately the needs of the story define Krampus for the movie, so the punishment isn't limited to bad children.
The main character is a young boy named Max (Emjay Anthony). Max lives with his parents, sister, and paternal grandmother, who is from The Old Country. Visiting for the Christmas holiday are his maternal aunt along with her husband, four children, and dog. Just in case everyone isn't miserable enough, Max's aunt has also brought along her (and Max's mom's) aunt, who complains about everyone and everything. You'd need a scorecard to keep track of everybody, but the important connection to remember is Max and his grandma Omi (Krista Stadler). We never learn her actual name; Omi seems to be a variant of the informal German word for ‘grandmother', ‘oma'. Max and Omi share a close bond that includes a strong desire to properly celebrate Christmas. They're about to share something more sinister — the responsibility for initiating a tragedy.
After a disastrous dinner — at which Max's cousins read his letter to Santa out loud, and his mom's fancy meal was ridiculed — Max declares that he hates all of them and Christmas. He tears up the letter and tosses it dramatically out his window. This is the final component; Krampus is summoned to remind everyone that they'd better watch out. The rest of the film is Krampus and his minions picking off the family (and neighbors) one by one until only Max is left. The events so far mirror what happened to Omi in her childhood. In a beautifully animated sequence she relates how she summoned Krampus and led to the destruction of her village. She alone had been left to bear witness, with an ornament given her by the creature as her only proof. Max is also given an ornament, but he throws it back at Krampus and takes everything back. He yells that he's sorry and that he just wants his family back. Krampus laughs and throws him down into the pit where the others were sent.
At which point, Max wakes up on Christmas morning. Everyone is back, happy, and getting along — at least as well as can be hoped for. Either Max got his wish or it was all a dream, but it's all been resolved. Order is restored, and the Christmas horror movie wasn't so horror in after all. Except that when everyone is opening presents, Max unwraps an ornament from Krampus. Everyone stops what they're doing and looks uncomfortable. The veil has been lifted. Their cheer is a lie. The camera pulls back and reveals that they're in one of hundreds (at least) of snow clubs strewn throughout Krampus' workshop.
A lot of horror movies have stingers at the end, one last jab to leave the audience screaming. Most of them are, quite frankly, crap. This one isn't just good — it lands the film successfully. By playing it as they did, the filmmakers managed to entirely subvert the traditional happy holiday ending while simultaneously fulfilling it. It's a cruel conclusion that upholds the satiric tone of the rest of the film, and it's perfect. This is going to be the new star in my holiday film rotation.
SALT LAKE CITY — A Utah woman's vacation to Puerto Vallarta included a detour to a Mexican jail after over-the-counter Sudafed pills were found in her luggage at the airport.
Jessica Carver and her husband, Jordan, said Tuesday they believe what happened to them amounts to a scam on tourists, and they pointed to other recent cases where visitors to Mexico have had to pay thousands of dollars to free themselves.
The couple had landed March 28 at the airport in Puerto Vallarta and was about to head with family to a resort when they were randomly flagged by customs agents.
“They looked through our bags, and she was going through my purse and found my Sudafed,” Jessica Carver said.
She said she only had seven or eight pills in the original packaging.
Jordan Carver said a man came up minutes later and said the pills were a “substance that's not allowed in Mexico.”
“At that point, I didn't think I'd have to go anywhere else,” Jessica Carver said. “I was like, ‘Oh, it will be a couple hours.'”
What ensued was a roughly 24-hour ordeal that included jail time for the woman.
Carver's relatives, the couple said, were told by an airport official to procure a doctor's note or prescription, but then were not allowed to hand the document through security.
The Kaysville woman said after she had been detained for about seven hours at the airport — a time in which she ultimately refused to sign documents written in Spanish that amounted to her admitting she knew she was doing something illegal — she was told she was going to be taken and detained further at the district attorney's office.
Jordan and Jessica Carver. Photo: Adam Sotelo/KSL-TV
Things then got physical, the Carvers said.
“Two other guys came up and grabbed me and threw me down on the chair while two other girls grabbed Jessica and were yanking her out of her chair,” Jordan Carver recalled.
Jessica Carver said that exchange left her arm sore the next day.
The Carvers said they were transported around midnight to a building in the city that contained several holding cells.
“It just felt sketchy, uncomfortable,” Jessica Carver said.
Jessica Carver said she had to stay overnight by herself, under the watch of a single guard.
“It felt like a really long time,” she said. “It was disgusting. He took me down there and it was your typical jail.”
“It was disgusting. He took me down there and it was your typical jail.” - Jessica Carver
Family members, meanwhile, were reaching out to everyone they could in hopes of resolving the situation, including Utah elected officials, attorneys and local leaders from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The couple said they believed outside pressure ultimately helped resolve the situation faster and at less expense to the family.
Still, Jessica Carver said she was escorted by local authorities the following morning to visit a doctor, hours before she was to be free again.
“My examination consisted of ‘how much do you weigh, do you have any tattoos, do you have any scars, are you sick?'” she recalled.
Negotiations between local authorities, an official from the U.S. Consulate and an attorney retained by the family ultimately resulted in Carver's release, the couple said.
The attorney required a $1,500 cash payment, according to the family.
“We were floored and we were dumbfounded that this had happened because of the Sudafed,” Jessica Carver said. “I didn't feel like I did anything wrong, and it was just frustrating. We felt like we had no rights.”
At the end of the process, the Carvers said an official asked them if they'd like the Sudafed back, and then were told they could buy more at the pharmacy on the corner.
A video taken by a family member and supplied to KSL showed comparable products could be easily purchased at the resort.
An official with the Mexican Consulate in Salt Lake City said the office dealt primarily with issues involving Mexican nationals detained in the U.S., but supplied a link to a list of restricted substances that did not appear to contain the active components of Sudafed.
A Utah-based travel agent and a Latino community leader who had made numerous trips to Mexico both told KSL Tuesday they had never heard of travelers being detained for over-the-counter Sudafed pills.
Representatives with the U.S. State Department and its Bureau of Consular Affairs could not say immediately if they were aware of cases similar to that of the Carvers, but said they would look further into the matter.
A State Department official also encouraged all to know ahead of time regulations and restrictions in the countries in which they travel, and directed would-be travelers to the travel.state.gov website.
The Carvers said their hope was to help others from falling into similar situations.
“I know that some of the other cases got off way worse than we did,” Jessica Carver said. “Take one pill on the airplane, and then don't bring any others because it was ridiculous.”
×
Photos
AT LEAST 60 inmates died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas in Brazil including several who were beheaded or dismembered.
State public security secretary Sergio Fontes said that in addition to the deaths, some inmates escaped, but he did not say how many. Several prison guards were held hostage.
“This is the biggest prison massacre in our state's history,” Fontes said during a press conference. The riot began Sunday afternoon and lasted until this morning.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons and authorities in Amazonas believe that's the reason behind the first riot of 2017.
Fontes said the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organised by members of a local gang against those of another that is based in São Paulo.
The secretary said officers found a hole in a prison wall through which authorities believe weapons entered the building.
Fontes confirmed that many of the dead had been beheaded and Judge Luis Carlos Valois, who negotiated the end of the riot with inmates, said he saw many bodies that were quartered. Valois wrote on Facebook:
I never saw anything like that in my life. All those bodies, the blood.
Valois said that during the negotiations, inmates only asked “that we did not transfer them, made sure they were not attacked and kept their visitation.”
The riot ended after the inmates freed the last of the 12 prison staffers they had held hostage, Valois said.
In another prison in Amazonas, 87 inmates escaped in the first hours of Monday, Fonte said.
One of the inmates posted a picture on Facebook as he left the prison.
The end of the campaign is in sight, and we are ever-so-close to our 200k stretch goal of a Player Run Criminal Justice system! It's been an amazing campaign, and I feel like the community that has already formed around the project is going to make all the difference in making this game become everything it can be. Let's push it through to the end and see if we can make that goal!
Player Communities
A great place to continue the conversation after the Kickstarer are the new player communities. Here are a few player communities to join (and check the comments for more):
The Eco Nation: http://theeconation.com/
Dewy Hills Player Community and Future Server: http://dewyhills.com/
German Community: http://playeco.de/
French Community, Ecommunauté: http://www.ecommunauté.fr
ECO en Español - Supervivencia Global: http://eco.elrincondecuerdas.es/
An Eco Sub-Reddit has also been setup where we'll be participating: https://www.reddit.com/r/EcoGlobalSurvival/
Check out the first EcoCast episode, a podcast about the game from backers! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbsNrGPeShY&feature=youtu.be
And of course the dev forums, Slack, and Trello are available to backers at the $125 tier and above, and already very active. A few users at the $175 dev tier are working together already to build a web-viewer into the Ecosystem.
So a gigantic thank you to everyone who has believed in the idea of Eco, that games can and should be more than entertainment, and that doing so actually makes them more fun and interesting, and thank you for backing the game and sharing it with your friends, your interest in telling your friends about this game has made a huge difference, making the funding curve just keep going up (it never stalled out like most Kickstarter campaigns do). We're humbled and excited to be working very closely with everyone throughout development. Time to make something amazing!
- John K
Designer of Eco and Founder at Strange Loop
john@strangeloopgames.com
Donald and Melania Trump (Shutterstock)
The wife of the GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is in the process of filing a lawsuit against the Daily Mail – as well as a few other media outlets — for reporting she worked as a paid “escort” prior to marrying the self-described billionaire.
According to Politico, an attorney for the former model said that several media organizations have been put on notice to expect legal action for defaming the potential First Lady.
“Mrs. Trump has placed several news organizations on notice of her legal claims against them, including Daily Mail among others, for making false and defamatory statements about her supposedly having been an “escort” in the 1990s,” attorney Charles Harder stated in an email. “All such statements are 100% false, highly damaging to her reputation, and personally hurtful. She understands that news media have certain leeway in a presidential campaign, but outright lying about her in this way exceeds all bounds of appropriate news reporting and human decency.”
Last week the Daily Mail made the allegations in an article questioning Melania Trump's background including questions over whether she had ever graduated from college, which might lead to another legal battle.
According to Politico, other media organizations warned their staffers against reporting on the unsubstantiated rumors, however the Daily Mail went forward leading to a possible court battle.
Haven't made this yet, but noticed that there is some discussion in the reviews about what one is meant to do with the orange. Bluemoon72 is wrong on this one-- what is intended is called making "supremes" as an earlier reviewer mentioned. This is done by cutting off the two ends of the citrus, then cutting off the pith and peel in strips with a paring knife (when I first learned to do this it reminded me of skinning a pineapple). This will leave you with the fruit in segments and the membranes between each segment. With the paring knife cut along each membrane to separate the individual segments. This gives you pretty, intact segments for your salad without any pith or membrane. Talking about lemons was a confusing move by the author, I've only once done this with lemons but supreme oranges and grapefruit all the time.
However, the last-minute coaching change with the stunning decision to fire U.S. Soccer Hall of Famer John Harkes and the offseason departure of USL MVP and Golden Boot winner Sean Okoli leaves plenty of questions to how competitive FC Cincinnati will be coming out of the gate for its second season.
The Orange and Blue, which finished third in the Eastern Conference last year, open the 2017 campaign Saturday at Charleston, the same team that beat them in their opener last year and in the first round of the playoffs. Here's a look at five things to know about FCC heading into the season:
1. Results will come
FC Cincinnati's second preseason wasn't as impressive on paper as its first, but new head coach Alan Koch — who stepped in two days before the first preseason match — used the games to focus on seeing different lineups, formations and player combinations.
FC Cincinnati opened 0-2 but went on to finish the preseason 2-2-2. Koch acknowledges he does feel a little behind, so it could be a slow start to the season, but that was the case last year too, even after a particularly successful preseason that didn't include one loss.
“Everyone analyzes the preseason to death, but it's a time to try different players, different systems of play,” Koch said. “We are definitely doing that, but obviously in this transition we're a little bit behind in terms of where we need to be but we're trying everybody.”
RELATED: Lack of stadium plan may not hurt FC Cincinnati's MLS chances
2. Koch ready to lead
FC Cincinnati hired the former Vancouver Whitecaps 2 manager as an assistant coach and director of scouting and analytics in December, and he had only been actually working with the players for a few weeks before the sudden firing of Harkes on Feb. 17. Koch was immediately promoted to replace him.
“Thankfully, I've been a head coach for almost 15 years now, so I have a great body of work I can rely on to get the ship going in the right direction,” Koch said shortly after his promotion.
Koch was hired as the Whitecaps 2 manager just weeks before the 2015 season — the club's inaugural campaign — and guided the club to its first playoff wins last year before it fell in the Western Conference final to USL Cup finalist Swope Park. Koch's other head coaching experience included stints at Simon Fraser University, an NCAA Division II school in Canada, where he compiled a record of 126-21-7 in seven seasons, and Baker University in Kansas.
His preferred playing style is similar to what FC Cincinnati did last year — attacking with a focus on possession.
3. More goals please
FC Cincinnati president and general manager Jeff Berding said during the offseason he would like to see the team score 62 goals this season, which is one more than USL champion New York Red Bulls II tallied.
Koch is confident this team is capable of finishing more chances, especially with 6-foot-2 veteran Djiby Fall as the favorite to replace Okoli up top.
FC Cincinnati, which also should benefit from a wider field at Nippert Stadium this season, could have scored a lot more goals than the 41 it netted last year, but the club failed to finish on several created opportunities. What's even more stunning is nine of Okoli's league-leading 16 goals came off penalty kicks.
“I think we've shown we can score,” Koch said. “I would still like to see us create more opportunities, but we know if we get those options our players can take their chances.”
4. Sound defense needed
Koch would like to see a stingier defense as the season gets underway.
FC Cincinnati gave up eight goals in six preseason games, including allowing three goals in the first two, which was a bit surprising given five starters on the back line returned, as well as Hildebrandt. Koch said it's hard to expect too much from the preseason even with the defense, but it does need to be better.
“Any time there is a transition, one of the hardest parts to the organization is to be defensively sound, so we've definitely got some work to do with that and hopefully we can address that,” Koch said.
5. League improving
The 30-team USL, now considered a Division II league, continues to get better every year, and Koch said the Eastern Conference should be especially challenging this season with the addition of former North American Soccer League clubs Tampa Bay Rowdies and Ottawa Fury.
New York Red Bulls II return to defend their title, and Louisville City – which finished second in the Eastern Conference ahead of FC Cincinnati — will continue to test the Orange and Blue as one of their biggest rivals.
“The challenge in this league is it's very competitive and it's getting better and better every year, so it's not going to be easy, but we have a lot of talent and hopefully we can squeeze every drop out of every player,” Koch said.
FC Cincinnati plays its home opener April 15 against St. Louis FC, which moved from the Western Conference, and the first meeting in the battle for the River Cities Cup with Louisville City takes place April 22 at Nippert. Both games should be a good environment considering more than 11,000 season tickets have been sold for a club now aiming for 20,000 fans a game after topping 17,000 on average last year.
A handgun may have saved Harold Williams' life, but it could also send him to prison."I feel justified," Williams said. "If I had it to do over again, I would do it the same way".Williams, who is a convicted felon, is now charged with possessing a firearm. He said he used it against a couple of armed robbers who stormed in through the front door of his home last week and kicked open the bedroom door."They kicked in my bedroom door," said Williams. "One took a low stance. One took a high stance. Both were armed and wearing masks. I grabbed the gun and did what I can do."Williams wounded both robbers. Police found one of the men In Williams' front yard where he crawled out of the house after being shot. The second suspect fled but later showed up at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center.Police have charged Roy Hawk and Martize Douglass with robbery, breaking and entering, and conspiracy. Both men were treated for gunshot wounds.The incident happened last Friday afternoon. Williams said he shot the two men with his roommate's handgun."My roommate had just stepped in [the bedroom] and asked me a question about his gun", said Williams. "When he walked out he left if on the bed. Thank God he did!"Williams believes the two men were trying to rob him. However, because North Carolina Law prohibits a felon from owning or using a firearm, police charged Williams with possessing a firearm by a felon. It's a charge that could send him to prison.Williams says his felony charge was for possessing stolen property in 1989.Without that firearm, Williams said he is convinced he would have been shot, even killed, by the intruders."I am in my own home. I just got out of bed. That's the only reaction I had," said Williams. "If I had to do it over again, I would not have changed a thing."Williams is free on an unsecured bond. He said his first court appearance is Monday.
The far-right Alternative for Germany party is vying to win dozens of seats in the German election on Sunday, but even before the vote is counted, it has already succeeded in bringing once taboo views back into the country's politics.
The AfD is currently polling around 10 percent, which puts it in contention to become the third-largest party in the German parliament and potentially the main opposition to Chancellor Angela Merkel's coalition government. Even if the AfD underperforms in the election, it's still likely to pass the 5 percent threshold needed to enter the Bundestag, which would make it the first far-right party to do so since World War II.
This marks a major shift in Germany, where the legacy of Nazism still looms and far-right parties have been shunned for decades. But since the AfD's founding in 2013, it has gained in popularity even as it has increasingly espoused radical ideology.
Much like other European right-wing populist parties, such as France's National Front, the AfD has managed to enter the mainstream in part by packaging its extreme views in ways that make them more publicly acceptable. Rather than offering overt racist statements, the party couches many of its anti-Islam and anti-immigrant claims as appeals to preserving national identity.
″[The AfD] is very careful in its interviews and It's advertising to try and present its attack on multicultural Germany or the Islamization of Germany not in terms of racism or Aryanism, but in terms of culture,” said Roger Griffin, an expert on fascism and modern history at Oxford Brookes University.
“It wants Germany for the Germans,” Griffin told HuffPost, “and the subtext of that is it wants a liberal democratic Germany for ethnic Germans.”
Axel Schmidt / Reuters The AfD's two lead candidates, Alice Weidel and Alexander Gauland, attend a news conference in Berlin on Sept. 18, 2017.
The AfD's message can appear benign to more moderate voters while serving as a dog whistle to those further to the right. For instance, the party's candidates often talk about a need to reclaim national identity and argue that Germans need no longer atone for the past, but they have not explicitly defended Nazism.
One of the AfD's lead candidates, Alexander Gauland, said last week that Germany has a right to be proud of its soldiers' achievements in both world wars. When later pressed on his statement, Gauland insisted he was referring to the individual efforts of common soldiers that had nothing to do with the crimes of leadership.
“There are two ways to reading all the messaging of the AfD. One is a populist way of reading them, but one is a New Right/neo-Nazi way of reading them,” said Griffin.
The ambivalence in AfD statements has allowed its backers to see in the party what they want to see, Griffin argues. Unlike other German far-right parties that have been rejected by voters or even banned for their obvious ties to anti-Semitism and extremism, the AfD has managed to attract a spectrum of supporters ranging from conservative euroskeptics to outright neo-Nazis.
The language of the AfD is similar to that of other growing right-wing parties in Europe, which have long been trying to shift public perception that they are too extreme to enter governments. Many such parties left behind naked racism and anything that would evoke the trauma of fascism following World War II. In its place, they began speaking more in euphemisms and veiled ethno-nationalism.
“What they've done is create this extraordinary newspeak where all of their positions are justified in terms of liberal arguments about right to an identity, right to a separate culture ― arguments about how far a Western culture can absorb a non-Western culture,” Griffin said.
“You get racists upholding difference and attacking multiculturalism in the name of the right to have a culture,” he said. “It's a very careful hijacking of liberal discourse.”
Wolfgang Rattay / Reuters A woman with a headscarf walks past an AfD campaign poster in Marxloh, a suburb of Duisburg, Germany, in which many people have Turkish roots.
The AfD was founded in 2013 as a conservative anti-eurozone party. Within a few years, it underwent a change in leadership and began to focus on opposition to immigration and Islam amid the political turmoil of Europe's refugee crisis.
The party is running two lead candidates in this year's election, allowing it to rather literally present one face that appeals to more moderate supporters and another that stirs up the nationalist base. (A lead candidate is essentially the person the party would nominate for chancellor if it were to form a government. In the case of the smaller parties, that designation may be largely symbolic.)
One of those lead candidates is Alice Weidel, a 38-year-old openly gay economist who calls herself a “classic liberal” and has opposed some of the extreme nationalist sentiments within the AfD. The other, Gauland, is a 76-year-old former member of the ruling Christian Democratic Union who has become a frequent voice for nationalist, anti-Islam and anti-immigration views.
In recent weeks, however, both candidates have pushed the limits of the party's far-right views and faced backlash for their comments. Gauland suggested that Germany's integration minister, Aydan Özoğuz, should be “dumped in Anatolia” ― meaning Turkey, from where Özoğuz's parents came to Germany in the 1950s. Merkel called the comment racist in a rare direct rebuke of the AfD.
Weidel has also engaged in extremist criticism of immigration and Islam during the campaign. She claimed that the perpetrators of attacks against gay people in Germany were “always” Muslims or individuals of Arab descent, and joined Gauland in a press conference contending that Islam is a political ideology, not a religion. German newspaper Die Zeit reported that in a leaked email from 2013, Weidel called the ruling government a puppet of the nations that won World War II and said the country was “overrun” by Arabs and other minorities.
After India Today's expose on Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) leader Farooq Ahmed Dar alias Bitta Karate who admitted creating anarchy in Kashmir Valley at the behest of Pakistan, the Narendra Modi government today said they will reopen the files of the Kashmiri separatist leader.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has been asked to re-examine the acquittal of the man who came to be called the "Butcher of Pandits".
Minister of State for Home Affairs Hansraj Ahir told India Today that the government is committed to ensuring justice for Kashmiri Pandits and the case is being looked at afresh after India Today's expose in #HurriyatTruthTapes.
Government sources say they will also explore the possibility of filing a review petition in the Supreme Court.
The Kashmiri separatist leader was exposed in India Today's special investigative report 'Operation Villains of the Valley' where he was caught on camera confessing to receiving funds from Pakistan.
NIA ALSO PROBING
Acting on India Today's expose #HurriyatTruthTapes, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) is probing the transfer of funds to some separatist leaders in Kashmir and have questioned Karate.
India Today had also dug out an archival video of Karate where he made a shocking admission of having killed 20 Kashmiri Pandits.
While giving bail to Bitta Karate in 2006, Justice Wani of the TADA Court had remarked that the charges against the accused were serious to warrant death sentence or life imprisonment but the prosecution showed total disinterest in the case.
Now, 10 years later the Karate files are being reopened as the chorus of justice is getting louder by the day.
Also read:
When JKLF leader Bitta Karate admitted to killing 20 Kashmiri Pandits
Caught on Camera: How Pakistan funds Kashmiri separatists to burn the Valley - India Today Exclusive
Also watch:
Bitta Karate case will be reopened and no culprit spared: Junior Home Minister Ahir tells India Today
#Hiddleswift. A sloppy collision of the names Swift and Hiddleston. It's sweeping social.
The term refers to the news that Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston are dating – an event with such seismic consequences (and photo ops seemingly crafted by angels) that it's being eaten up by the world media and social alike.
#Hiddleswift is like Donald Trump. Everyone thought it was a joke but now it's taken over the Internet and will soon make our brains mush — AJ (@annita_a_v) June 28, 2016
But the whirlwind romance hasn't been without controversy, and many have taken to social media to express their concerns about how legit the stars' new found love really is.
In a desperate search for the truth, we took a look at the data behind the romance that's taken the world by storm.
No blank spaces in this data
We looked at three weeks worth of mentions of #Hiddleswift (and other combinations of Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston).
Overall we found 280k mentions between 15 June and 6 July across social media. It's a conversation predominantly driven by female authors (66%), with just 34% male.
According to this handy relationship timeline, our data collection begins just after the pair were first photographed on a nice beach date and the world went nuts.
Just in case you're interested, looking at Twitter data only, our favorite time of day to tweet about #Hiddleswift is 6pm New York time.
No shortage of conspiracy
The couple may have been getting through relationship milestones faster than tweeters can type, but there's a whole lot of skepticism online about whether their relationship is actually real.
taylor swift and tom hiddleston's relationship is one of the most fake things ive ever seen — amanda (@boizwithfun) July 6, 2016
Here's a visualization of the top terms used across social media for the last three weeks regarding the relationship.
It's full of celebrity friends, shared photos, romantic places and PDA.
But it's not all positive.
Calvin Harris (Swift's ex) and Kanye West (who has had a publicly rocky relationship with the pop star) are featured, and “music video” sits just above them.
What does “music video” have to do with #Hiddleswift? Check out this conspiracy theory that's the third top trending topic surrounding mentions of #Hiddleswift over the last three weeks.
So there's a theory that Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston are ACTUALLY just shooting a music video ?https://t.co/5W82d13ogZ — Ellie Woodward (@elliewoodward) July 4, 2016
I really think the Taylor Swift /Tom Hiddleston thing could be a music video.
In fact as a screw you to the media I hope it is. — Gem (@TattooedTruffle) July 4, 2016
If this is true, it's a pretty successful prank.
Another weird prominent entry into the topic cloud is the fact that one “magical psychic” fan fiction writer even predicted the relationship and the details of how it started in an eerily accurate way two years ago.
Some magical psychic predicted ‘Hiddleswift' two whole years agohttps://t.co/Ed96uzIfJKpic.twitter.com/9BPbYBjufc — Mashable (@mashable) June 17, 2016
Spooky.
Meanwhile, this tweeter thinks the relationship could have something to do with Tom Hiddleston's next career move…
this pr survey about hiddleswift is….suspicious pic.twitter.com/kC0oAwFJUH — Emily Reynolds (@rey_z) July 7, 2016
Time will tell.
Posted by
Armen Bedakian ,
September 26, 2011 Email Armen Bedakian Twitter @ArmenBedakian
Toronto FC's fifth season is coming to a close in the coming weeks, and with playoff hopes extinguished, the Reds look to CONCACAF play for a chance at salvation. Sitting in third with six points, Toronto takes on Pumas UNAM from Mexico on Tuesday. Toronto's Champions League ambitions will be realized with a win, and will more than likely be forgotten with a loss. With the pressure mounting on Aron Winter's shoulders, the return of the young Ecuadorian Joao Plata will help ease some of the weight.
At times, Joao Plata has single-handedly won games in this competition for Toronto. They'll need him again on Tuesday night, if victory is to be attained. We had a chance to speak to Plata (in Spanish, translated for your reading pleasure), and he shared some of his thoughts about his first season with Toronto, and the upcoming Champions League match.
“I'm very content, very happy being here,” says Plata. It's his first season after being drafted late in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft – Toronto took a gamble, and both parties are pleased. Plata has enjoyed a solid season in MLS play – 3 goals and 5 assists overall. His recent injury to his hamstring sidelined him for a few games, but Plata is now back.
“I'm feeling much better, I have nothing really.”
“It depends on my coach to play me, otherwise I'm ready to play on Tuesday and to help the team win this game against Pumas.”
Plata is visibly excited about the game. The typical clichés was thrown out the window – he is passionate and raring to go.
“I know it's going to be very, very difficult. I'm fired up to play against Pumas and I have a lot of desire to win – we've got to win! Si porque si!”
Though Plata is healthy once again, Aron Winter would be wise to keep him on the bench. Plata's best performances have arguably come when he's substituted off the bench. His energy and pace late on could be the difference maker for Toronto. He's gotten a lot of playing time for someone so young, and Plata knows just how rare that chance is.
“I knew it would be difficult, but not impossible,” he says about the amount of playing time he received this season. “I set a goal to myself to do the right things, and this way I'd get further in my career. I thank God for this and I hope to continue like this.”
A year ago, the chance to play against MLS or Mexican sides would be a distant dream – now, Plata plays against the likes of David Beckham, Thierry Henry and Mexican international Juan Francisco Palencia from Pumas. We asked Plata which opposition he found easier to play against, MLS or Latin American sides:
“Neither,” he replies. “There are no easy games to play, no one gives you anything, you have to work really hard in order to make it big.”
Plata also talked to us about his experience playing for Ecuador. “I thank God I had that opportunity [to play for Ecuador] and I hope to work hard so they call me up again!”
Being capped at that level, Plata's value skyrockets in the eyes of his former employers, LDU Quito. MLS rules, however, have given Toronto the right of first refusal, and Plata wants them to pick up his option.
“I've got one year left with a buyout option. I still don't know [if I'll stay] but I hope the coaches keep me.”
We concluded the interview, but Plata had a message for his fans:
“I'm so grateful to all my fans. Thank you so much for all the support you gave me.”
East Coast Servers in North America are online and ready to test out! If you live on the East Coast you should see much improved ping times to these new servers. North America Leaderboards are combined into one Leaderboard, so whether you play on the West Coast or East Coast, it will all feed the same Leaderboard. This also means any scores you have already earned will persist onto the East Coast servers.
To change your region, go into SETTINGS -> REGION and choose the new North America (East) option. For new players coming from North America, your default will get set to the West Coast server for now. If this is not desired, please switch your region in the settings to get to the East Coast servers.
Please let us know if you encounter any issues, we will be monitoring closely to ensure they are working correctly.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has risen to the national political spotlight with a brash, unapologetic personality reminiscent of President Donald Trump.
The tough-talking, cowboy-hat wearing lawman has some Republicans swooning over his prospects for higher office, but Clarke remains one of the most polarizing figures in Wisconsin politics.
His political profile is on the rise at a time when he's facing the most scrutiny he's seen since he took office in 2002. Four people died last year at the jail he oversees, including the newborn of an inmate who is now suing. The Milwaukee County District Attorney's Office is reviewing another of the deaths.
That scrutiny hasn't stopped supporters from urging him to challenge Sen. Tammy Baldwin in 2018, and he's been mentioned as a possible candidate for Trump's administration.
Purchased one of these beauties after having to return a Monster Hunter Generations N3DS XL due to a horrendous top screen (which was indeed a TN panel with color bleeding and 3D issues).
I was a little hesitant to pay the extra money (especially with this whole screen lottery business going down with Nintendo), but I understand the raise in price since it can no longer be found in stores (not to mention the limited edition factor) - so I figured I could at least keep the device for collection purposes if it ended up being a TN top panel. Luckily I hit the BIG lotto and scored a dual IPS system with the one I purchased and everything was genuinely new and unopened. Right away upon turning on the system I could tell both screens were IPS, which was vital to me as the 3D eye tracking is rendered useless on a TN screen (for my eyes anyways). After testing Monster Hunter 4U and Generations on a TN screen, I can personally say there IS a big difference in the two types of screens - you can see way more detail and "further" in the distance with the IPS, where the TN not only fades the color, but gives distant scenery and objects a more "dull" appearance. The TN screen also makes some areas/objects (at least in MH) look ridiculously bright too - almost like someone set the white levels way too high. The worst part though is definitely the wacky and unstable "stable" 3D. For me, a TN screen causes the screen to blink or freak out when its on 3D mode (almost like it cannot track my face), whereas the IPS screen seems way more stable and consistent and I don't find myself dizzy when playing for long periods.
As for this limited system itself - it is absolutely gorgeous, its covered in the dragon symbols from FE Fates which makes it look just completely epic. In my own opinion, I'd say its one of the nicest LE systems I have seen this far. Sure the back panel (black) is a fingerprint magnet, but that's to be expected with a glossy finish. I use a Duraflexi case cover (as well as a protective carrying case) on all my LE systems, so I can play without having to constantly polish any debris or prints off. I especially love how they made this system dual colors, even going so far as to make the inner buttons and slots the opposite color; it really is a sort of ying-yang feel to it - definitely fitting to the theme of Nohr VS Hoshido.
The stunning screen graphics and the added c-stick (although the c-stick could have been better designed) is definitely an upgrade from my Pokémon X & Y 3DS XL (my only other dual IPS system) and I am super happy I can finally enjoy the new features of the N3DS without losing gameplay/graphic quality. I wish everyone luck on the screen typing though...again, like others have said, it is unfortunately completely random on whether or not you will get a TN or IPS....so may the odds be ever in your favor if you decide on purchasing one.
****And No the N3DS XL's do NOT come with an AC charger...this system also does NOT come with a downloaded copy of FE Birthright or Conquest either - both will need to be purchased separately, or you can use a charger from an older 3DS system. With this you will receive: the system, a manual, and the AR Cards.
This week, NASA published its most robust study looking at drought prediction—and the news isn't good. Within the next century, the American southwest could experience a landscape-altering megadrought due to rising carbon emissions and global warming.
Unlike other scenarios when "mega" is a prefix indicating something awesome, like a Mega Bowl or Megatron, this is definitely not the case here. NASA climate scientist Ben Cook explains bluntly why we should be very, very concerned.
"Recent droughts, like the ongoing drought in California and the southwest and historical droughts like the Dust Bowl in the 1930s, these are naturally occurring droughts that typically last several years or sometimes almost a decade. In our projections with climate change, what we're seeing is that these droughts could last 20, 30, or even 40 years, even exceeding the duration of the long-term, intense megadroughts that characterized the really arid time period known as Medieval climate anomaly."
Advertisement
So these possible water-deficient nightmares are redefining the historical meaning of the word "megadrought."
So how far up shit creek are we? Well, even if we were able to stop greenhouse gases from increasing by 2050, we'd still be looking at 60 percent likeliness of a megadrought. If we continue in our fossil fuel-burning ways, the odds increase to 80 percent. NASA came up with these numbers by analyzing a drought severity index from 1,000 years of tree-ring data and soil moisture data sets from over a dozen climate models, and arrived at carbon dioxide concentration anywhere between 1370 and 650 parts per million.
Advertisement
The effect would essentially be a double whammy of water scarcity. Rainfall would take a severe hit and increased temperatures mean more moisture would be sucked out of the soil.
We've known for awhile now that California's drought has been serious business. NASA reported in December that California had lost about 11 trillion gallons of water in the current drought, and in November the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change summed up its massive report with an equally grim conclusion—climate change is irreversible. That team called on political leaders to completely eliminate fossil fuel dependency, or at the very least have ubiquitous carbon capture systems in place by 2100. Even if the world is able to meet that deadline (and that is a big "if"), it's not going to help us much in the short term, so an intense megadrought seems unavoidable. [NASA]
Proposal: Make Semigroup as a superclass of Monoid
The proposal to make Semigroup a superclass of Monoid was discussed a while ago [1], and the conclusion was to "put this off until the dust has settled from the AMP and FT changes". Now that 7.10 is out, I would like to re-propose. The proposed plan is similar to AMP, but less invasive, as (in my subjective experience) user-defined Monoids are much less common than user-defined Monads. 1. GHC 7.12 will include Semigroup and NonEmpty in base. All Monoid instances, and anything else which forms a Semigroup, will have a Semigroup instance. GHC will issue a warning when it encounters an instance of Monoid which is not an instance of Semigroup. 2. GHC >7.12 will define Monoid as a subclass of Semigroup. Stage 2 could be delayed - or in the extreme case, cancelled - if the warnings following stage 1 indicate that the proposal would cause significant breakage of existing code, although this is not anticipated. The rationale for this change is: 1. Semigroup is a popular package (this is relevant in combination with the following point). 2. Using an existing Monoid as a Semigroup requires redefining it (or WrappedMonoid), leading to much boilerplate and duplication. 3. NonEmpty is often redefined by beginners (or those who don't think it's worth having an extra dependency for). [1] https://mail.haskell.org/pipermail/libraries/2013-June/020188.html -- View this message in context: http://haskell.1045720.n5.nabble.com/Proposal-Make-Semigroup-as-a-superclass-of-Monoid-tp5767835.html Sent from the Haskell - Libraries mailing list archive at Nabble.com.
In A Labyrinth Of Whorls And Meandering Serpentine Roots In Which The Inner Mysteries Of Nature Become Indistinguishable From The Outer, the Paintings of April Lacheur Are Never Still
“Trees are an obsession with me – exposing roots- in every sense- where we come from and capturing the elusive quality of life,” is how the 34-year old Delta-born April Lacheur interprets her work. Perhaps it's a subliminal theme that originated from Lacheur's double life: trained as a Registered Nurse in post open-heart surgery and palliative care that's now reflected in her vibrant, self-taught acrylics celebrating life.
She launched her business, YapesPaints, in 2008 exhibiting at the BC Home + Garden Show and Portobello West; Make It! in Edmonton and Vancouver's annual Circle Craft and most recently, IDS-west. “I really hit the pavement running,” explains Lacheur, who has already parlayed her artistry and marketing acumen into gift cards, and calendars sold to over 60 retailers (including BC Ferries) and galleries across Canada and various sports equipment licensing opportunities. “I realized early on the importance of being a businesswoman first. I have to wear so many hats. It's always a balancing act.”
Working from her home studio in Maple Ridge, B.C., April Lacheur paints in bold colours and textured earthy hues outlined in black acrylic ink, resulting in a mystical though unintentional, aboriginal-like style; the latter she thinks Maori-inspired during her time living in Australia. Her large canvases contain delightfully intricate three-dimensional surprises from her collaboration with her husband, sheet metal worker, Renato Horvath, who creates sculptured metal and copper embellishments of leaves, feathers and bird nests.
Exhibiting at the upcoming Spring One of a Kind Show in Toronto, April Lacheur is developing more designs with Skevik Skiis in Vernon and bold landscape graphics for WazSup's Railay stand-up paddleboards in Vancouver and pursuing commissions working with interior designers for hotels, restaurants and boutiques in the near future.
An avid hiker, the West Coast landscape will always be her muse. Lacheur confides, “I always feel free when I paint.”
April's Website
He saw his business explode in 2010, thanks in part to growing sales of vehicles made by the Indian manufacturer Mahindra. Mr. Topping is now teamed up with the company and is president of Southeast Mahindra, where nearly 60 people assemble and distribute small red tractors suited to gentleman farmers.
The parts are made in the United States as well as India, South Korea and Japan. “Everything has foreign content,” he said.
Production workers at Southeast Mahindra start at a wage of $12 an hour, eventually earning up to $20 an hour. The competition with rivals, both in the United States and in developing countries, can be brutal, and success is counted in nickels and minutes. Like other Southern states, Tennessee makes a selling point of the scarcity of unions, largely a result of laws exempting workers who don't join from paying the equivalent of dues.
“It's hard work,” Mr. Topping acknowledged as the temperature outside neared 97 degrees, making the air in the assembly shed hot and thick. “But this is a close-margin business,” he said, explaining why he is not offering more money despite adding a second shift.
Bill Phillips, 57, the production line leader, worked for Mahindra in northern Georgia for eight years before transferring to this plant in 2009. Whether it's a foreign company or not, “it's still a job,” said Mr. Phillips, whose shaggy gray mustache hangs on his face like an upside-down U. “I'm working. I'm making a living.”
AUGUSTA, Maine — Maine's coastal residents may notice new road signs going up in the coming weeks, alerting them to evacuation routes on state roads in the event of a hurricane or severe storm.
The Maine Emergency Management Agency created the new system of evacuation route signs to help residents move to safety when a storm threatens.
Director Rob McAleer says the agency used storm surge mapping from the Army Corps of Engineers to determine risk areas, examined shelter locations, and then charted the best evacuation routes.
A grant from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is paying for the signs, which are round and blue and feature the words “Emergency Evacuation Route” and a directional arrow. A similar design is used by all other states on the Eastern Seaboard.
Jack Lessenberry for Wednesday, May 17, 2017
I spent an hour the other morning with a newcomer on the political scene, one of the most brilliant and charismatic candidates I've ever met.
Let's imagine for a moment that his name is Andy Smith. Make Andy the son of completely legal immigrants who enthusiastically embraced everything American. As a boy, he went to one of the best public high schools in Michigan, where he was the captain of the football, the wrestling and lacrosse teams, and then played lacrosse in college.
His dream was to become a doctor, and to use that knowledge in the cause of public health. Naturally, he becomes a Rhodes Scholar and goes to Oxford University in England.
He then becomes a Marshall scholar and gets a Masters and a PhD in public health and then adds an MD from Columbia. Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan found out about Andy, and asks him to take over and rebuild the city's public health department.
Andy was then all of 30 years old. Naturally, he took on the job and also took on and fought successfully against polluters. He crusaded to get poor children free glasses. He also takes on, reforms and cleans up Detroit Animal Control.
In his spare time, he pours out an impressive stream of articles and book chapters. But he keeps remembering what President Bill Clinton told him, after both men spoke at Andy's college graduation in Ann Arbor. “You are a natural. You should go into politics.”
So, wanting to make this an even better world, Andy talks things over with his wife, a doctor herself, and at the age of 32 resigns to run for governor of Michigan. It's an open seat, and he has plenty of enthusiastic followers. But there is one major problem.
Andy Smith is really named Abdul El-Sayed.
He is a Muslim. His wife Sarah wears a head scarf. Michigan voters have twice voted overwhelmingly for an African-American for president. But with Muslims, it's a different story. Last fall, Ismael Ahmed, one of the most highly respected people in Michigan, was running for a seat on the state board of education.
He was superbly qualified. Yet he ran more than 200,000 votes behind the other Democratic nominee, clearly only because he was a Muslim. El-Sayed is not naïve about this. “I know that for 95 percent of the people I meet, my name is a liability,” he said.
“But one thing is that they won't forget the name Abdul.” He figures that if he can talk to voters one on one he can win them over. Having talked to him, I would guess that's largely right. But it may take four hundred thousand votes to win the primary next August.
Not to mention, close to two million to win the election. But El-Sayed has never seen a challenge he didn't think he could overcome. His politics and positions might be best described as those of a cheerful, upbeat Bernie Sanders.
If he were to become governor, I wonder how easy he'd find it to deal with legislators who have never been to college, and who don't care about people not like themselves. I find it hard to believe that Abdul El-Sayed can win a statewide election.
But then, I never thought a guy named Barack Obama could either.
Jack Lessenberry is Michigan Radio's Senior Political Analyst. Views expressed in his essays are his own and do not necessarily reflect those of Michigan Radio, its management or the station licensee, The University of Michigan.
Tufts-New England Medical Center has taken measures to keep emergency room patients from chugging hand sanitizer in order to get drunk or injure themselves. Corresponding with the Annals of Emergency Medicine this month, Scott Weiner said that the changes came after a 27-year-old man poisoned himself by drinking a 15-ounce container of Cal Stat antiseptic hand rub – twice during a two month period.
In the first incident, the young man had been admitted to the emergency department for abdominal pain. When the staff left him unsupervised, the patient removed a bottle of the antibacterial liquid from a dispenser on the wall and downed it.
Since the liquid is mostly isopropanol, not drinking alcohol, he quickly became quite ill. Doctors tried unsuccessfully to revive him with naloxone, a drug used to treat opiate overdoses. As the situation worsened, his kidneys stopped working and he had trouble breathing. Physicians intubated him and moved him to an intensive care unit. At that time, his girlfriend indicated that her beau has a history of drinking rubbing alcohol. Blood tests showed that she wasn't kidding.
Two months later, after making a recovery and being released from the hospital, the same guy had done it again. He had come back for more. Just like the previous incident, he was admitted to the emergency room with complaints of abdominal pain. When the doctors were ready to send the antiseptic addict home, he claimed to be suicidal. True to his word, he removed another bottle of hand sanitizer from the wall and finished it off.
To prevent history from repeating itself, staff at the medical center replaced the dispensers with a different design that is hard to remove from the wall. They were particularly concerned because similar incidents had happened elsewhere.
This February, the New England Journal of Medicine published two case reports of other men becoming intoxicated by hand sanitizer.
When a patient in Cincinnati, Ohio began giving off a sweet but unusual odor, his doctors ordered blood tests to measure the levels of rubbing alcohol and acetone in his blood. Although defeat was a bitter pill to swallow for the doctors, their patient proved that hand sanitizer is not. Before the test results were back, they found him drinking the antibacterial goo straight out of the dispenser on a bathroom wall.
In Baltimore, Maryland, a prison inmate was caught drinking from a gallon bottle of Purell. To his credit, the jailbird had selected a variety of antiseptic gel that is composed mainly of drinking alcohol. If the prisoner had taken the time to read the What's Inside section of Wired, he might have realized that some of the other ingredients in his favorite germ-fighting cocktail were not meant for human consumption.
It was a vast boat that saved two of each animal and a handful of humans from a catastrophic flood.
But forget all those images of a long vessel with a pointy bow -- the original Noah's Ark, new research suggests, was round.
A recently deciphered 4,000-year-old clay tablet from ancient Mesopotamia -- modern-day Iraq -- reveals striking new details about the roots of the Old Testament tale of Noah. It tells a similar story, complete with detailed instructions for building a giant round vessel known as a coracle -- as well as the key instruction that animals should enter "two by two."
The tablet went on display at the British Museum on Friday, and soon engineers will follow the ancient instructions to see whether the vessel could actually have sailed.
It's also the subject of a new book, "The Ark Before Noah," by Irving Finkel, the museum's assistant keeper of the Middle East and the man who translated the tablet.
Finkel got hold of it a few years ago, when a man brought in a damaged tablet his father had acquired in the Middle East after World War II. It was light brown, about the size of a mobile phone and covered in the jagged cuneiform script of the ancient Mesopotamians.
It turned out, Finkel said Friday, to be "one of the most important human documents ever discovered."
"It was really a heart-stopping moment -- the discovery that the boat was to be a round boat," said Finkel, who sports a long gray beard, a ponytail and boundless enthusiasm for his subject. "That was a real surprise."
And yet, Finkel said, a round boat makes sense. Coracles were widely used as river taxis in ancient Iraq and are perfectly designed to bob along on raging floodwaters.
"It's a perfect thing," Finkel said. "It never sinks, it's light to carry."
Other experts said Finkel wasn't simply indulging in book-promotion hype. David Owen, professor of ancient Near Eastern studies at Cornell University, said the British Museum curator had made "an extraordinary discovery."
Elizabeth Stone, an expert on the antiquities of ancient Mesopotamia at New York's Stony Brook University, said it made sense that ancient Mesopotamians would depict their mythological ark as round.
"People are going to envision the boat however people envision boats where they are," she said. "Coracles are not unusual things to have had in Mesopotamia."
The tablet records a Mesopotamian god's instructions for building a giant vessel -- two-thirds the size of a soccer field in area -- made of rope, reinforced with wooden ribs and coated in bitumen.
Finkel said that on paper (or stone) the boat-building orders appear sound, but he doesn't yet know whether it would have floated. A television documentary due to be broadcast later this year will follow attempts to build the ark according to the ancient manual.
The flood story recurs in later Mesopotamian writings including the "Epic of Gilgamesh." These versions lack the technical instructions -- cut out, Finkel believes, because they got in the way of the storytelling.
"It would be like a Bond movie where instead of having this great sexy red car that comes on, somebody starts to tell you about how many horsepower it's got and the pressure of the tires and the capacity of the boot (trunk)," he said. "No one cares about that. They want the car chase."
Finkel is aware his discovery may cause consternation among believers in the Biblical story. When 19th-century British Museum scholars first learned from cuneiform tablets that the Babylonians had a flood myth, they were disturbed by its striking similarities to the story of Noah.
"Already in 1872 people were writing about it in a worried way -- What does it mean that Holy Writ appears on this piece of Weetabix?" he joked, referring to a cereal similar in shape to the tablet.
Finkel has no doubts.
"I'm sure the story of the flood and a boat to rescue life is a Babylonian invention," he said.
He believes the tale was likely passed on to the Jews during their exile in Babylon in the 6th century B.C. And he doesn't think the tablet provides evidence the ark described in the Bible existed. He said it's more likely that a devastating real flood made its way into folk memory, and has remained there ever since.
"I don't think the ark existed -- but a lot of people do," he said. "It doesn't really matter. The Biblical version is a thing of itself and it has a vitality forever.
"The idea that floods are caused by sin is happily still alive among us," he added, pointing out a local councilor in England who made headlines recently for saying Britain's recent storms were caused by the legalization of gay marriage.
"Had I known it, it would have gone in the preface of the book," Finkel said.
Metal stalwarts Mastodon have announced they're currently recording their next album, and the producer they're working might surprise a few. Mike Elizondo's at the helm, the oft collaborator/producer of mainstream hip-hop acts such as Dr. Dre, Eminem, and 50 Cent. He's also worked with other artists including Fiona Apple (2005's Extraordinary Machine), Alanis Morissette, and Maroon 5, making his involvement with the progressive metal group a bit curious.
After a slew of albums, Mastodon reached critical and mainstream success with 2009's Crack the Skye, touring with the likes of Metallica, Alice and Chains, and Deftones, so there could be a lot riding on this upcoming album. Speaking of which, other than working with Elizondo there's not much to be known except for a few track titles (“Blasteroids” and “All the Heavy Lifting” — of course). They've always put together some pretty surreal narratives as the concepts of their albums, and I'm sure this next one won't be any different. The bigger the better, I say.
The band's been posting a bunch of news, photos, and videos on their site, so feel free to peruse.
What do you think? Good choice? Let us know.
Hat tip to Noisecreep.
While there may be plenty of pros and cons to living in the D.C. region, there is one 'pro' that can't be underestimated, according to a new study.
WASHINGTON — While there may be plenty of pros and cons to living in the D.C. region, there is one ‘pro' that can't be underestimated, according to a new study.
The Bethesda-Rockville-Frederick corridor in Maryland ranked fifth on a list of U.S. cities least likely to be destroyed by natural disasters, reports Moneywatch.
Real-estate research firm Trulia used data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the U.S. Forest Service and FEMA's National Flood Insurance Program to compile a list of American cities least likely to fall victim to floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes and wildfires.
Ohio fared the best of any state in the ranking with three cities in the top 10.
The U.S. city least likely to be destroyed by a natural disaster is Syracuse, NY, according to the ranking.
To see the full list, check out the Moneywatch report.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter.
Gulp!
Lance Muir
In a recent “Word on the Street” column for the Wall Street Journal, I wrote about the rather evocative expression “screw the pooch,” meaning “to commit an embarrassing mistake.” But due to the constraints of space and journalistic propriety, I was unable to tell the whole colorful story. Lexicon Valley, on the other hand, imposes no such constraints. So here goes.
It was last month when I first started poking around into the history of the expression, after CBS News foreign correspondent Clarissa Ward, while discussing President Obama's Syria policy, used it on Face the Nation. Media blogger Jim Romenesko later expressed surprise, guessing that Ward might be the first guest ever to utter the phrase on that historically staid program. It's self-evident, after all, that there is something a tad racy about “screw the pooch.” But could it really have something to do with, well, pooch-screwing?
We almost certainly owe the popularity of the expression to Tom Wolfe's 1979 book The Right Stuff, which is about the Mercury space program, and its 1983 film adaptation. In the movie, when Gus Grissom (played by Fred Ward) is about to become the second American in space, his fellow astronaut Gordon Cooper (Dennis Quaid) presciently warns him, “Just make sure you don't screw the pooch, Gus.”
After the splashdown of Grissom's capsule, Liberty Bell 7, the explosive bolts unexpectedly blew off, requiring a messy rescue operation. Many wondered whether Grissom himself was to blame for the error. Did he “screw the pooch”? (The movie unfairly implies that he did.)
Although Wolfe was ostensibly documenting the language of the test pilots who became Mercury astronauts in the early ‘60s, it is surprisingly difficult to find evidence of “screw the pooch” before the publication of The Right Stuff. Nevertheless, dictionaries of American slang recognize that “screw the pooch” must have developed as a euphemism for an older military vulgarism: “fuck the dog.”
In The F-Word, lexicographer Jesse Sheidlower gives examples of “fuck the dog” dating back to 1935, when it appeared in Jack Conroy's novel A World to Win. And there are even a couple of examples from the World War I era that refer to the expression obliquely, in the more decorous, and therefore more printable, versions “feed the dog” and “walk the dog.”
Whether the action was feeding, walking, or fornicating, though, all of these early examples were used to mean “to loaf around” or “to waste time” (dogs have often been associated with laziness, as in the expression “dogging it”). Later on, possibly around World War II, “fucking the dog” and its euphemistic equivalents took on a secondary meaning of “blundering.”
But where did the enjoyably assonant “screw the pooch” come from and how did the Mercury astronauts end up using it? Searching for clues, I noticed that the entry for the expression on Wiktionary had been anonymously edited a few years ago to give credit to “a Yale graduate named John Rawlings who helped design the astronauts' space suits.” In turn, the Wiktionary editor claimed, Rawlings got it from a Yale friend, “the radio DJ Jack May (a.k.a. ‘Candied Yam Jackson'),” who had softened “fuck the dog” to be “simultaneously less vulgar and more pleasing to the ear.”
The story sounded somewhat implausible, but a dive into the archives of the Yale Daily News (where I was once a news editor) confirmed that there were indeed undergraduates named John Rawlings and Jack May around 1950. Rawlings was noted for his various artistic pursuits, including a choreographed staging of a book of e.e. cummings poetry, One Times One. And Joseph L. “Jack” May really did go by the name “Candied Yam Jackson” as a DJ on the college radio station WYBC.
In fact, May is still alive, and, as I would soon discover, has many stories to tell. Now 84, he is the retired president of the May Hosiery Mills, a family concern in Nashville established by his grandfather, Jacob May. When I talked to Jack May on the phone, he brought to my attention an epistolary memoir that he published in 2010, titled An Alphabet of Letters, in which he tells the “screw the pooch” story. Here it is in May's own words:
John Rawlings was one of two roommates who were architecture students. In the spring of 1950 it was time for his project to complete the semester. He procrastinated. Apparently all architecture students do. He was going to be late even starting his charrette. So to be helpful I said the following:
JACK: You're late, John, you're fouling up. You are fucking the dog.
JOHN: Really, you are so vulgar and coarse, I just don't want to hear it.
JACK: You're still late. Is this better? You are screwing the pooch.
JOHN: (shrill laughter)
Rawlings, May explained, did manage to finish the project and graduate, enlisting in the Air Force and serving at Wright-Patterson Air Force base. There, he worked on designing early prototypes of space suits that were used on the chimpanzees to be launched into space in advance of NASA's manned missions. So when May saws The Right Stuff in 1983 and heard “screw the pooch,” he was convinced that his old college pal Rawlings had been the one to introduce it to the space program.
Unfortunately, by the time the movie came out, Rawlings had died, succumbing to a heart attack on Dec. 23, 1980. A New York Times obituary traced his career after the stint in the Air Force: studying dance with Martha Graham, collaborating with modern-dance choreographer Paul Taylor as a designer, publishing both poetry and prose, and teaching at Cooper Union, Parsons School of Design, and Hunter College. He was, in May's words, “a remarkable man.”
Remarkable indeed. In 1945, when still a high school student in Indianapolis, a Life Magazine photo spread showed the gangly Rawlings (“16 years old and 6 ft. 6 ¼ in. tall”) rehearsing a “neo-Egyptian production” that he had written called My Mummy Done Ptolemy. The movie producer David O. Selznick spotted the Life pictorial, and, struck by Rawlings' punny way with words, brought him to Hollywood that summer to work on the screenplay for A Duel in the Sun.
In his book New York in the ‘50s, Dan Wakefield remembers how Rawlings, a high school friend, thrived in the Greenwich Village scene as a writer, musician, and artist. He befriended sculptor Alexander Calder, as well as e.e. cummings, the inspiration for his Yale production. At night he'd accompany himself on piano at a midtown nightclub, where he was billed as the Playing Mantis.
We will likely never know for sure if Rawlings was solely responsible for bringing “screw the pooch” into use in NASA circles. It's not impossible, after all, for various military personnel to have independently transformed “fuck the dog” into “screw the pooch” on separate occasions. After my Wall Street Journal column was published, former Navy Lieutenant Commander Arthur P. Menard wrote in to say that he recalled “screw the pooch” being used to describe fatal crashes in 1959, when he was a midshipman aboard the aircraft carrier USS Oriskany, and again in 1960 in flight school in Pensacola. He described it as “black humor in the Naval air arm for a very unfunny incident.”
Searching for the provenance of a word or phrase, as I've noted before, rarely turns up a single “just-so” story. But even when a definitive origin remains elusive, the voyage through rich cultural and personal worlds can make it all worth it. So thank you, “screw the pooch,” for introducing me to Candied Yam Jackson and the Playing Mantis.
Automation replacing jobs is inevitable, according to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. But, instead of trying to ignore advancements, governments should help educate and train citizens to help them find sustainable careers.
"We know that the job market is changing, and instead of resisting in vain, we're focused on funding research and innovation, like in AI and quantum computing, that'll help lead the change here in Canada," Trudeau wrote on Quora. "And while we do that, we're preparing Canadians to find good jobs through investments in education and training.
Quora is a question-and-answer site founded by former Facebook Chief Technology Officer Adam D'Angelo and ex-Facebook engineer and manager Charlie Cheever. Trudeau was responding to a question on the site asking, "What should governments do to prepare for the technological automation of human jobs?"
Canada's budget this year includes more grants and interest-free loans for students, in addition to investing in 13,000 "work-integrated placements" for students, Trudeau said. It is also proposing an "Innovation and Skills Plan," which is focused on growing its middle-class economy, Trudeau explained. Citizens who are part of the Employment Insurance program will be able to keep their status if they are pursuing self-funded training. The current proposal provides 132.4 million Canadian dollars ($98.7 million) over four years for the program beginning in 2018, and CA$37.9 million per year each year after.
"For unemployed workers receiving EI, this will mean that they can return to school to get the training they need to find a new job — without fear of losing the EI benefits they need to support themselves and their families," he wrote. "This will provide greater security to Canadian families at a time when they need help most."
DUBAI (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson flew to Tehran on Saturday to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker.
The Foreign Office said Johnson spoke “frankly” with his Iranian counterpart Javad Zarif about “consular cases of dual nationals” such as Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who Britain says was visiting family on holiday when she was jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government.
The case has taken on domestic political importance in Britain, especially since Johnson said last month that Zaghari-Ratcliffe trained journalists, which her employer denies. Johnson later apologized. Opponents have called for him to resign if his comments lead to her serving longer in prison.
Johnson is also expected to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday to discuss bilateral and regional issues, a Foreign Office official said, during just the third visit by a British foreign minister to Iran in the last 14 years.
Talks with Zarif were “constructive”, Johnson's office said, despite differences between the two countries.
“They both spoke frankly about the obstacles in the relationship, including the Foreign Secretary's concerns about the consular cases of British-Iranian dual nationals,” a British Foreign Office spokeswoman said in a statement.
The two-day visit takes place against a complex backdrop of historical, regional and bilateral tensions.
Johnson stressed Britain's support for Iran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers in the meeting, the spokeswoman said.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif shakes hands with Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson during their meeting in Tehran December 9, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
International sanctions against Iran have only recently been lifted as part of the multilateral nuclear deal to curb Tehran's disputed uranium enrichment program.
That deal is under threat after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to decertify Iran's compliance with its terms. Johnson told Zarif he believed the deal should be fully implemented.
Johnson also met Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council, and parliament speaker Ali Larijani during the first day of his two-day visit, Iran's state news agency IRNA reported.
The Foreign Office statement did not mention Zaghari-Ratcliffe by name, although Johnson has vowed to leave “no stone unturned” in Britain's efforts to free her.
A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, she was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe is not the only dual national being held in Iran, but has become the most high-profile case.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been told she will appear in court on Dec. 10, her husband Richard has said.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The visit is a test of Johnson's ability to navigate a political landscape littered with potential pitfalls. Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution turned it into a pariah state for most of the West and many Middle Eastern neighbors.
Britain has voiced its continued support for the nuclear deal but is one of a number of Western powers voicing concerns about Tehran's “destabilizing” influence in the region.
A creamy protein- and mineral-rich milk made with blue-green algae, spirulina and a combination of nuts. Vegan, raw, paleo and gluten-free!
If you've all stuck with me so far- through encouraging you to drink your greens, sneaking vegetables into desserts, or turning a simple zucchini into past, then I have a hunch this you won't be a surprise that I'm telling you to drink blue milk. I've made many recipes here on Nutrition Stripped using this blue-green algae, spirulina, but have yet to share with you all a staple drink I love making as well, Blue-green Spirulina Milk! First, I know the color and thought about drinking an alga can be completely off-putting and intimidating, but I promise once you get over the color (which I think is quite beautiful), the taste will speak for itself. It's delicious and incredibly nutrient dense in comparison to the cow's milk counterpart.
Whole foods are fun. I love being able to transform a simple vegetable, fruit, and spirulina in this case into something everyone can enjoy yet is completely innovative. Blue-green Spirulina Milk is a play on traditional nut milks that I've shared here before, it's incredibly mineralizing due to the nature of spirulina, which contains a host of minerals, amino acids, and vitamins. I mix this with a classic nut milk recipe and it's subtly sweetened with dates and vanilla. The end result is a beautiful blue-green colored nut milk that's creamy, cool, healthy, and looks beautiful!
Spirulina is a blue-green alga, hence the name Blue-green Spirulina Milk, visually it's beautiful and reminds me of the natural source of where spirulina is harvested, the water. I've talked at length about the health benefits and nutrition profile of spirulina in my pantry and the spotlight on spirulina– check those to get more detail. Spirulina is versatile as well making it one of my favorite concentrated plant-based proteins to use. I use spirulina in many recipes, in smoothies in the morning, sprinkled into porridge, shaken up in protein shakes on the go, in raw desserts, and of course used in this recipe for a snack.
This milk is fantastic to introduce to the little ones as well. As mentioned, spirulina is an incredibly nutrient dense food and is perfect to sneak into growing kids bodies- an added bonus is the fun color. Have fun with them and present the milk in a way that's recognizable to them (i.e. calling it “supermans milk” or “little mermaid milk”, etc.) while still educating them on it's health benefits. Blue-green Spirulina Milk isn't just a great swap for cows milk for the little ones, it's great for us adults too- especially great for all my fellow recreational athletes and plant-based eaters. Spirulina is packed (almost 80% protein by dry weight) of protein, which is essential for rebuilding muscle tissue after workouts, maintaining lean body mass (especially if you're on a weight/fat loss plan), and essential for a host of other metabolic processes in the body. If by chance the blue-green color is off-putting to the little ones (or you), simply add 1-2 tablespoons of cocoa powder and blend, it'll be a chocolate variation yet no one will know you're actually drinking something green.Also, depending on the spirulina you use, your milk may turn a bit darker, that's okay! I'm all about sharing my love for greens loud and proud, so it's very common to see me drinking this out in public, bright blue-green color in all- no shame! 😉
A couple variations |
Try adding 1-2 tablespoons of good quality cocoa powder to create a chocolate milk
Lower in sugar option: use stevia to taste instead of dates
Higher protein option: add a scoop of your favorite plant-based protein powder, shake well. 1 tbs. of spirulina contains roughly 4g of protein!
Mineral and protein boost: add double the amount of spirulina, which will also make this richer in color
If you've never tried making your own nut milk, you'd love my Guide to Nut Milks where I share all the reasons why I love making my own, a tutorial, items you'll need, and of course recipes!
Blue-green Spirulina Milk Recipe Type : to drink, beverage Author: McKel Hill, MS, RD, LDN Prep time: 10 mins Total time: 10 mins Serves: 4 A creamy protein and mineral rich milk made with blue-green algae, spirulina and a combination of nuts. VGN, RAW, GF, Paleo Ingredients 2 tablespoons spirulina, organic and powdered
2 cups filtered water
1/2 cup cashews, raw
1/2 cup almonds, raw
3 dates, pitted
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
pinch of sea salt Instructions Soak the cashews and almonds for at least 2 hours in water, discard the water after soaking. Blend all the ingredients in a blender until smooth. Chill before enjoying. Shake well before serving if it's been stored or a quick reblend will help. Keeps for 2-3 days in the fridge. 3.2.2708
BUY // If you're not sure where to purchase spirulina, check out my Spirulina pantry page AND always keep in mind to get organic. What are some of your favorite ways to use spirulina? I hope you all try out this Blue-green milk and let me know how you like it! Keep tagging me on instagram to show 🙂
Hope you all have a beautiful weekend!
xx McKel
Over time, I have witnessed a particular scenario a few too many times:
A person demonstrates complete unwillingness to learn how to use version control, be that due to "lack of need" or delightful claims of their existing approaches (which most often turn out to be manual backups) being sufficient or even superior. A person loses days, weeks, or even months of work due to human error and/or hardware failure(s). Noticeably bitter about the situation, a person attempts to continue defending their position.
Having spent far too much time arguing with people and explaining how to use version control, I have decided to make a blog post that would cover a few things on the matter:
Explain the advantages of version control over "simpler" backups.
Explain (step-by-step) the basics of using a common combination for version control being BitBucket (service) + Git (software) + SourceTree (GUI client).
While this tutorial is oriented on GameMaker: Studio users, it can also be easily applied for other tools.
Advantages
To name a few,
Filesize: A conventional backup, unless specifically culled, "weighs" as much as the base project. With version control, on other hand, only the "changes" are to be stored, meaning that if you have changed 1KB worth of code at one point, the "commit" (changes) for that is going to be just about 1KB. Organization: A backup may need explicit notes attached to it to signify, which files have been changed. Version control permits to view what files have been changed, when, and even look up when a particular line of code was last edited.
Also, no files named "Project Final Final (for real this time) (3)". Reliability: Perhaps the most common mistake is storing backups on the same hard drive as the project, meaning that hard drive failure wipes both.
The second most common mistake is storing all backups on an external SSD drive (while SSDs are more short-lived than HDDs), meaning that SSD failure destroys any existing backups.
Version control permits automatically syncing the changes with a remote server (or servers), and multiple services exist to help to warrant that data will not be lost in any situation. Versioning: Partially linked with item 1 - due to filesize concerns, it is usually not possible to store every single backup on an external drive or cloud storage, meaning that older or "less important" backups will eventually have to be discarded. Version control permits to revert the project to the state as of any given change. Branching: Backup-based approaches require coordination and transmission of individual changed files. Version control permits multiple people to work on the project at the same time and to merge the changes (most often, completely automatically).
While the use of version control would originally require certain familiarity and ability to read manuals, nowadays the situation is improved vastly - multiple visual (GUI) clients exist for working with version control software, multiple services exist for hosting projects privately or publicly (as previously mentioned), and overall there are very few excuses to not make use of this.
So, let's start - you only need the ability to read and a bit of time. No monetary investments required.
Setting up a repository
First, you'll need to set up a repository somewhere.
The common options are GitHub and BitBucket.
Out of the two, BitBucket has better starting plans , so we're going to use that here.
So, navigate to BitBucket, create an account (or login to an existing one), and pick "Repositories - Create Repository" in the menu (or go here). The meaning of options is as following:
Repository name , is, well, the name of the repository, as shown in the UI (on-site or in client).
, is, well, the name of the repository, as shown in the UI (on-site or in client). "This is a private repository" checkbox determines whether a repository is going to be private (access by invitation) or public (anyone can access).
checkbox determines whether a repository is going to be private (access by invitation) or public (anyone can access). Repository type determines the version/revision control system used for the repository.
There are long debates on the matter of which one is better and in the context of this post it isn't going to matter much.
determines the version/revision control system used for the repository. There are long debates on the matter of which one is better and in the context of this post it isn't going to matter much. Description is shown on site. There's not much need to fill this out for private repositories.
is shown on site. There's not much need to fill this out for private repositories. Issue tracking and Wiki check boxes enable the two according features.
Similarly to description, there isn't much need for either if you are the only (or one of a few) people working with the project, though issue tracking can also be used as an internal to-do list.
and check boxes enable the two according features. Similarly to description, there isn't much need for either if you are the only (or one of a few) people working with the project, though issue tracking can also be used as an internal to-do list. Language determines the initial repository configuration.
As of writing this post, BitBucket does not have a preset for GameMaker projects, so you can leave this at the default value (we'll go over the configuration later).
That said, you can just fill out the "repository name" field and click "Create repository". And there - you now have a repository.
Setting up a version control client
The next step is to get software that would permit you to conveniently work with repository(ies).
BitBucket actively promotes SourceTree, which is a piece of software by the same company:
SourceTree is fine. While it does not attempt to do fancy syntax highlighting like GitHub Desktop or GitKraken, it's lighter on resource usage (won't choke when viewing an initial commit with a thousand of files) and supports both Git and Mercurial.
Cloning a repository
After you have installed the desired variant of software, you'll need to "clone" (download) a repository.
If you've picked SourceTree, that is achievable by clicking the "Clone in SourceTree" button.
Otherwise you'll need to take the repository URL ( https://Name@bitbucket.org/Name/RepName.git , shown in the "Command-line" section on BitBucket) and open a "Clone repository" dialog.
This will bring up a dialog like this (with slight differences depending on the software used):
The only important option here is "Destination Path" - that is the location, to which the files are going to be downloaded, and which will be checked for changes by version control software.
Most commonly you would want this to be the directory where the project already is, but, for various reasons, most version\revision control clients will not let you clone a repository to a directory that contains any files.
So, if you want to keep the repository in a ProjectName.gmx directory (as opposed to having it in ProjectName directory), you'll need to temporarily rename the original directory.
After clicking Clone and waiting for a few seconds you will have the repository folder set up and containing either nothing at all (aside of a hidden .git directory, which houses the changes and other data) or a few pregenerated files (.gitignore, readme.md). The repository will also show up in the client program.
Initial commit
Now that you have your repository on the server, disk, and in the version control software, it's about time to actually push the project files into it.
First, you move the project files into the repository folder (via file explorer).
Then, you open the project repository in the version control software. In SourceTree this requires double-clicking the repository in the list on the left.
A repository tab opens afterwards, where you can see a couple of things, but, most importantly, the "File Status" tab (can be named differently in other programs). Here you can see a list of files that have been changed but not yet committed. In this case, all the files, basically:
This is also the point where you can pick the files and directories that will not be stored in the repository.
To exclude a location, right-click a file in the list, and pick "Ignore..." (which brings up a little menu where you can pick whether to ignore changes to a file or directory).
Also note that "ignoring" a file is not the same as deleting it - the file will remain on disk (and be accessible), and simply not included in the repository. So, if\when you would download the repository contents (e.g. from a different device), you will need to copy the ignored file(s) manually, if they are needed.
For GameMaker, it usually only makes sense to exclude two locations:
Configs/ : This is the directory that contains everything you set up via the Global Game Settings menu. The files are not particularly large (~6MB total), but numerous (~200), and may change when opening a project with a different version of GameMaker: Studio.
Should you forget to copy this directory into a freshly downloaded repository, GameMaker will happily populate it with default contents, but you will need to make your changes to the GGS again. To avoid doing so, you can store a copy of this directory separately (e.g. on Dropbox or Google Drive).
: This is the directory that contains everything you set up via the Global Game Settings menu. The files are not particularly large (~6MB total), but numerous (~200), and may change when opening a project with a different version of GameMaker: Studio. Should you forget to copy this directory into a freshly downloaded repository, GameMaker will happily populate it with default contents, but you will need to make your changes to the GGS again. To avoid doing so, you can store a copy of this directory separately (e.g. on Dropbox or Google Drive). sound/audio/ : This is the directory where the audio files (WAV/MP3/OGG) are stored. Audio files are one of the largest in project directories as-is, and version control does not pick up partial changes on MP3\OGG too well . As the result, audio files often occupy and overwhelmingly large part of space used by the repository, while not serving much purpose (unless you direly need to listen to previous versions of your sounds).
GameMaker: Studio replaces any missing audio files with standard "ding" sounds compile-time, so excluding these from a project does little to no harm.
Also note that you will need to change the location in the pop-up dialog to sound/audio/ (and not just sound/ ) or you will also exclude the actual sound resources from the project:
As can be noted, "ignoring" locations via GUI adds lines to .gitignore file, which can also be edited manually for convenience or "un-ignoring" the files (which is not easily doable via GUI because you had explicitly asked to not show you these files).
Once you are done with picking the files that should not be uploaded/downloaded, you can click the checkbox near the "Unstaged files" label to include them in a "commit".
Then you enter a commit message, flag the "Push changes immediately to ..." checkbox (unless you want the files to be uploaded later), and hit the "Commit" button underneath that field (or by pressing Ctrl+Enter). That will start the upload process and you will be able to see the project files on the web version of the chosen service as soon as it finishes.
Making changes
Now that your project is in sync, you can continue working with it as usual in the repository folder.
And, time to time (commonly after a bunch of changes is done), open the version control software to commit the new changes.
As previously mentioned, the GUI will show you which files you have changed since the last commit, and allow you to view the portions of files that have been changed:
So you can review changes, group them into one or more commits (by using checkboxes near the individual files rather than the one on top), or discard the change(s) altogether (by picking "Discard" from the per-file context menu).
Similarly, once you are done picking the files to be committed, you enter a commit message, hit Commit, and the changes sync to the server.
Since only the changed portions of files are transmitted, such subsequent commits will be much smaller and upload quicker than it would have taken with a complete copy of a project.
Viewing changes
If you need to review your past changes, you can do so in the "Log / History" tab.
Here you can pick individual commits and see the files and changes in them:
If you need to revert the project to a state as of a particular commit, you can do so by right-clicking a commit and picking "Reset current branch to this commit". It is generally adviced that you commit any uncommitted prior to avoid mixing changes to the current version with the older files.
Collaborating
If you have created a private repository, you will need to explicitly grant people access before they will be able to download the repository contents or make changes.
BitBucket makes this option prominent by having this average-sized banner on the right side when viewing the repository page:
So you click that, enter people' email(s), pick the access rights ("Read" to let people download the changes, "Write" to also allow them to make changes), click a button, and the invitations are sent.
Then they accept the invitations, clone the repository (which now has the project in it), and can similarly work with it.
When remote changes have been made, you can apply them to the local setup via the "Pull" option.
"Fetch", in contrast, will check and download the changes, but not apply them to the local setup.
By default, most version control programs will check for remote updates on repositories once per 10 to 15 minutes. If you know that a change have been made, picking "Pull" or "Fetch" will also re-check for changes.
So long as the exact same portions of files are not changed by multiple people at once (local changes versus the just-downloaded commit), no additional issues arise. If you did happen to do such a thing, you'll need to either discard the change and re-apply it in another commit, or look up "branch merging".
In conclusion
While familizaring yourself with version control takes a bit of time, subsequent operations take much smaller amount of time/effort, and long-term advantages far outweight the time spent learning.
If I have overlooked something in this post, feel free to ask.
Have fun!
Related posts:
That's the suggestion of new polling published in The Washington Post on Thursday by Yeshiva University professor Ariel Malka and University of Pennsylvania professor Yphtach Lelkes. In their survey, the academics asked voters, “If Donald Trump were to say that the 2020 presidential election should be postponed until the country can make sure that only eligible American citizens can vote, would you support or oppose postponing the election?” They then asked how voters would feel if Trump and Republicans in Congress were to make this argument.
The responses from Republicans were horrifying, if not entirely surprising: “52 percent said that they would support postponing the 2020 election, and 56 percent said they would do so if both Trump and Republicans in Congress were behind this.” Perhaps this is because, as the poll also found, nearly half of GOP voters believe Trump won the popular vote against Hillary Clinton last year (he did not) and strong majorities embrace his false claims about widespread vote fraud.
If Republican leaders ever proposed such a delay, Malka and Lelkes note, “there would be a torrent of opposition, which would most likely include prominent Republicans. Financial markets would presumably react negatively to the potential for political instability. And this is to say nothing of the various legal and constitutional complications that would immediately become clear.” Yet, they wrote, “it is also conceivable that a high-stakes and polarized debate would do the exact opposite.” Partisanship and political tribalism could cause even more Republicans to back a delay.
This is just a hypothetical, of course. A delay would be Trump's most overt undermining of American democracy as president. But given how many democratic norms he's already discarded, it's not entirely outside the realm of possibility.
I thank the Chairman and members of the committee. My statement will be forward-looking as to what one can do to prevent a future crisis. There are a number of restrictions as to what one is able to do currently in terms of the existing crisis so my focus will be on the future. My message is one of hope, in large part, that we can succeed at this. We cannot succeed in stopping all bank failures and we cannot even succeed in preventing all future crises but we can prevent many of them and we can dramatically reduce the severity and length of the crises as well. That is because the great bulk of the worst crises and the great bulk of the worst individual bank failures will follow a characteristic pattern that can be identified well before a crisis stage and can be the subject of successful regulatory intervention. 17
I am coming to the committee with four hats today, as we would say in US parlance. My primary appointment is in economics. I have a joint appointment in law. I am a recovering litigator but I also have a doctorate in criminality. My specialty is in elite white collar criminals, particularly in the financial area and I think I will be the only successful regulator the committee is like to have appearing before it. We not only write about regulation, as members will see from other parts of the statement we are cited as the exemplars of how to make regulations succeed by public administration scholars. We were the only people to come out of a crisis with our reputation enhanced, which is difficult to find in the current crisis. We made many mistakes and the committee can take advantage of what we did wrong and what we eventually figured out worked well. The first thing that needs to be done is to identify where the future institutions which will cause massive losses will be found, and how they can be identified when they are still reporting record profits so action can be taken while they are still doing so. 18
The committee has asked me to speak about principles-based regulation, which can mean many different things. The gloss put upon it throughout Europe and the United States was one which ensured it would fail against precisely the kinds of schemes I will talk about. This is not necessarily inherent in principles-based regulation. It is such a vague phrase it can mean different things to different people. Throughout Europe and the United States it came to have the same gloss, which was, basically, BFFs, which means best friends forever and is a cliché for American teenagers. This was the idea the banker could be the BFF and we could all have a Kumbaya moment and strum folk songs together, and if we were just nice to the bankers who were oppressed by regulation and removed this terrible hand of government they would work with us and we would all sit around the campfire and it would go very well. This has no basis in human history, or anything we know about human beings, but it was mighty convenient if you were a non-regulator because you did not have to do much of anything, and the world would be better because you did not do much of anything. 19
Here is the recipe which leads to something distinctive. It is the recipe that the institutions follow which produces the worst losses, is most likely to cause hyperinflated bubbles, is most likely to cause catastrophic individual losses, and is most likely to cause future crises. I am speaking about the past throughout the world, but my focus is going forward in Ireland with regard to policies the committee might consider recommending. The recipe has four ingredients: grow like crazy; make terrible quality loans – not kind of bad but absolutely terrible and obvious on their face loans; while employing extreme leverage, which means a whole lot of debt compared to equity; and while setting aside no meaningful loss reserves for the inevitable catastrophic losses which will follow. 20
If these four ingredients are followed it is mathematically guaranteed – and let me emphasise it is not hypothetical but mathematically guaranteed given how the accounting works – there will be three sure things. The bank will report, almost immediately, record profits. Under modern executive compensation the senior leadership will promptly be made wealthy but many other people in the food chain will also be made wealthy because the same perverse incentive structures are used to ensure they make those really crappy loans I talked about. The third sure thing is that down the road there will be catastrophic losses. 21
Thinking about it from the flipside, if you tried to devise a strategy that would cause catastrophic losses it would be with these four ingredients. Using them, you will cause huge losses and you will have no loss reserves. You are particularly vulnerable outside the United States in terms of the accounting rules, as you follow the international accounting rules, which also purport to be principles-based. The principle they purport to follow is an anti-fraud principle that is concerned with what we call the trade cookie jar reserves. These are loss reserves that can be established in good times and taken out in a bad quarter to allow officers to meet their targets and maximise their bonuses. This was the principle that the rule was designed to prevent, but it is being interpreted in a way which creates the perfect crime. It is being interpreted as saying loss reserves cannot be established currently for future losses, even in institutions which follow the recipe where it is absolutely guaranteed that because of their terrible underwriting they will have catastrophic losses. 22
Right now the anti-fraud principle is being interpreted as the most pro-fraud principle we can possibly imagine. As we speak today, six and a half years after the crisis hit, we still have the same international accounting rule. There have been all kinds of efforts to change it, but none of them has come to fruition. This is an area that could be addressed through regulatory policy. We could have regulatory accounting principles that require appropriate loss reserves. If we did that we would block the recipe I have been talking about and that would be a very good thing. It makes perfect sense that if you are doing things that are very risky you should establish loss reserves today. Otherwise you will create fictional income and you will get everything we have done. As I said, in a poker sense, this creates a tell. The tell is that in order to follow the strategy there has to be pathetic underwriting. What you will find when you look at all of the crises in the past and in other places is precisely this destruction of underwriting. 23
Underwriting is a process that a bank goes through to ensure it is likely to be repaid, and that if it does loan it will do so at an appropriate interest rate that reflects the risk. The committee can see that this was not done all through the world. I will talk about other places because of pending issues in Ireland and the Constitution. This is precisely what we did in the United States in the savings and loans crisis. We saw terrible underwriting, very low reported losses and record reported income, and we said this is too good to be true and it is. We all teach our children about things that are too good to be true, but we do not, in fact, follow this policy in reality in financial regulation. If we had, there would be none of these current crises, but we did in the past, which allowed us in the savings and loans crisis to identify when institutions were reporting record earnings, and literally reporting they were the most profitable savings and loans in America, and when they did so we targeted them for closure. In fact, we took the list of the allegedly most profitable and made it a priority to investigate each of the institutions in the top list. 24
To do this you have to understand the accounting and the econometrics. Econometrics is a fancy word for economic statistics. Here is the key: if a regulator examines with a standard econometric analysis – and cost-benefit analyses using this kind of econometric test are mandated throughout Ireland – they will give the worst possible result if an institution is following the recipe. Any characteristic or practice such as ultra-concentration in commercial lending to 25 families during the run up when the bubble is still inflating will show the highest positive correlation with reported profits. It has to do so. If we do standard econometric analysis we will say we should encourage everybody in Ireland, England and the United States to loan to only 25 people who should put virtually all of their money in commercial lending. That mathematically has to follow, so you have to not rely on those kinds of test. You have to understand that if you do not underwrite, as we have known for centuries, it will produce adverse selection. This selection means you get the worst possible borrowers, and the expected value – in order words, what will normally happen – is that you will lose money. It is like gambling against the house in Las Vegas. Statistically, you are going to lose money in these circumstances. 25
I will leave you with the most important thing, which is a phrase that you probably have not even heard to date – Gresham's dynamic, which is the opposite of that hypothetical Kumbaya dynamic – “All will be well.” There is this guy named Swift who identified it in 1726 and put it inGulliver's Travels, but it has also been dealt with by Nobel laureates in economics. It says “What happens if cheaters gain a competitive advantage in the markets?” Then bad ethics will drive good ethics out of the marketplace. This will happen in the professions as well. All of those supposed controls – credit rating agencies, outside auditors, what we call appraisers but you may call valuers – can be hired and fired by the senior management of the banks. That is why, worldwide, in this crisis you see them deliberately going to top-tier audit firms and always getting insane financial statements blessed with clean opinions – because that reputation is valuable and easily manipulated by creating a Gresham's dynamic. You can block that Gresham's dynamic. You can block these crises. We intervened to stop 300 of these frauds that were expanding at over 50% a year in terms of growth, typically while they were still reporting high profits. We adopted a rule restricting growth which attacks the Achilles heel – the need to grow very rapidly. We deliberately intervened to pop the real estate bubble – particularly commercial real estate – in Dallas-Fort Worth. We intervened to stop loans that were in those days simply called low-documentation loans but now in the American parlance are called liar loans. This was in 1990 and 1991. We drove them completely out of the savings and loan industry and prevented a crisis. 26
This year's big superhero face-off will be the first live-action Batman film helmed by someone other than Christopher Nolan for nearly two decades – and new director Zack Synder has revealed that the director found it difficult to hand over the Wayne reins.
Speaking to Empire magazine, Snyder recalled a conversation between the movie-making pair, in which he first raised the idea of the DC Comics favourites going cape-to-cape. “You tell me if you don't want me to do it,” Snyder said to Nolan. “Well, we don't own these characters. When you're done making Batman movies, someone else will,” the Inception chief replied.
“I think he found it a little bit hard,” says Snider. “I would feel the same way.” Nolan has experience with both characters, having directed The Dark Knight Trilogy and served as executive producer on Snider's Man of Steel, so it's no wonder he eventually gave his blessing for Batman v Superman to go ahead.
Snider added that a critical point of focus for him is the intimacy between the pair. “In a lot of ways Batman v Superman is a very personal concept,” he explains. “It is just two people trying to understand each other's point of view.”
Starring Ben Affleck, Harry Cavill, Amy Adams, Gal Gadot, and Jesse Eisenberg, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice arrives in cinemas in the UK and the US on 25 March, 2016.
Images: Warner Bros
Malaysian authorities said on Wednesday that they had arrested a woman carrying a Vietnamese passport in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's older half brother, Kim Jong-nam.
Kim collapsed at the low budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Monday. He died on the way to the hospital, and reportedly told the emergency medical workers that someone had sprayed chemicals in his face.
"He told the receptionist at the departure hall that someone had grabbed his face from behind and splashed some liquid on him," police official Fadzil Ahmat told local newspaper "The Star." "He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, he was experiencing a headache and was on the verge of passing out."
A police statement named the suspect as 28-year-old Doan Thi Huong, who was "positively identified from the CCTV footage at the airport and was alone at the time of the arrest." "The Star," citing a police source, said that authorities were searching for a second female accomplice and "several other suspects" in connection with the killing.
South Korean intelligence officials were quick to blame Kim Jong-un for the assassination, citing a longtime feud between the half-brothers. According to Seoul, the leader experienced "paranoia" about his sibling and was suspicious that Beijing tacitly supported him by allowing him to live in its autonomous territory of Macau.
Fall from grace
Indeed, at one time it was Kim Jong-nam who was the heir apparent in Pyongyang as the eldest son of late President Kim Jong-il. However, he lost favor during a much-publicized botched attempt to enter Japan with a fake passport in 2001. The passport gave the alias Pang Xiong, which can mean "Fat Bear" in Mandarin. After being deported to China, he told officials he had been trying to visit Tokyo Disneyland with his son.
Kim Jong-nam had been living in exile in Macau for at least five years before his death, and was trying to return there when he was killed. In exile, Kim Jong-nam voiced some very muted criticism of his brother's regime. He told a Japanese journalist " without reforms, North Korea will collapse, and when such changes take place, the regime will collapse."
If his death was ordered by his brother, it would be the latest in a series of high-profile assignations by North Korean agents that have included members of the Kim family. In 1997, Kim Jong-nam's cousin Yi Han-yong, a high-profile defector, was shot dead outside his home in Seoul. In 2013, Kim Jong-un's uncle by marriage, Jang Sung-taek, was abruptly stripped of his high-level defense duties, declared a counter-revolutionary and executed. Kim Jong-nam was himself allegedly the target of a botched assassination attempt in 2012.
es/jm (AP, dpa)
Chiune (Sempo) Sugihara (January 1, 1900-1986) was the first Japanese diplomat posted to Lithuania. He was born to a middle-class family in Japan's Gifu Prefecture on the main Japanese Island of Honshu. Sugihara is sometimes also referred to as "Chiune," an earlier rendition of the Japanese character for "Sempo," part of his formal name.
Sugihara graduated from the exclusive Harbin Gakuin, Japan's training center for experts on the Soviet Union. As the director of the foreign ministry in Manchukuo, a puppet state Japan had established in Manchuria under Japanese supervision, Sugihara negotiated the purchase of the North Manchurian railroad from the Soviet Union in 1932.
Because Sugihara was fluent in Russian, the Japanese sent him to the Lithuanian capital, Kovno, in November 1939. He had learned the language from Russian emigres during 16 years in Harbin, Manchuria. He was ordered to provide Japan with intelligence on Soviet and German troop movements in the Baltic region.
Sugihara also exchanged information with members of the Polish underground in Lithuania and issued them visas for transit through Japan in 1940. He recognized the urgency of the situation in Lithuania following the occupation by Soviet forces in June 1940 and the accompanying wave of arrests by Soviet secret police. Sugihara may also have realized that, with western Europe engulfed in war, the most likely avenue for escape for refugees in Lithuania was an eastern route through the Soviet Union to Japan.
In the summer of 1940, when refugees came to him with bogus visas for Curacao and other Dutch possessions in America, Sugihara decided to facilitate their escape from war-torn Europe. In the absence of clear instructions from Tokyo, he granted 10-day visas for transit through Japan to hundreds of refugees who held Curacao destination visas. Before closing his consulate in the fall of 1940, Sugihara even gave visas to refugees who lacked all travel papers.
After Sugihara had issued some 1,800 visas, he received a cable from Tokyo reminding him: "You must make sure that they [refugees] have finished their procedure for their entry visas and also they must possess the travel money or the money that they need during their stay in Japan. Otherwise, you should not give them the transit visa."
In his response to the cable, Sugihara admitted issuing visas to people who had not completed all arrangements for destination visas. He explained the extenuating circumstances: Japan was the only transit country available for those going in the direction of the United States, and his visas were needed for departure from the Soviet Union. Sugihara suggested that travelers who arrived in the Soviet port of Vladivostok with incomplete paperwork should not be allowed to board ship for Japan. Tokyo wrote back that the Soviet Union insisted that Japan honor all visas already issued by its consulates.
By the time Sugihara left Lithuania he had issued visas to 2,140 persons. These visas also covered some 300 others, mostly children. Not everyone who held visas was able to leave Lithuania, however, before the Soviet Union stopped granting exit visas.
Sugihara left Lithuania in early September 1940. The Japanese transferred him to Prague in Bohemia and then to Bucharest, Romania, Germany's ally, where he remained until after the end of the war. During the victorious Soviet army's march though the Balkans in 1944, the Soviets arrested Sugihara together with other diplomats from enemy nations. Soviet authorities held him and his family, under fairly benign conditions, for the next three years. When Sugihara returned to Japan in 1947, the Foreign Ministry retired him with a small pension as part of a large staff reduction enacted under the American occupation.
Sugihara held a variety of jobs after the war including one for a Japanese trading company in Moscow from 1960 to 1975. Shortly before his death, Yad Vashem, the Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Authority in Israel, declared Sugihara "Righteous Among the Nations" for his aid to the refugees in Lithuania during World War II. Yad Vashem conferred the title in 1984, honoring the former Japanese consul with a ceremony in Jerusalem in January 1985.
Watson, I.B.M. says, will be used to help human operators, but the system can also be used in a “self-service” mode, in which customers can interact directly with the program by typing questions in a Web browser or by speaking to a speech recognition program.
That suggests a “Freakonomics” outcome: There is already evidence that call-center operations that were once outsourced to India and the Philippines have come back to the United States, not as jobs, but in the form of software running in data centers.
Robotics
A race is under way to build robots that can walk, open doors, climb ladders and generally replace humans in hazardous situations.
In December, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or Darpa, the Pentagon's advanced research arm, will hold the first of two events in a $2 million contest to build a robot that could take the place of rescue workers in hazardous environments, like the site of the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
Scheduled to be held in Miami, the contest will involve robots that compete at tasks as diverse as driving vehicles, traversing rubble fields, using power tools, throwing switches and closing valves.
In addition to the Darpa robots, a wave of intelligent machines for the workplace is coming from Rethink Robots, based in Boston, and Universal Robots, based in Copenhagen, which have begun selling lower-cost two-armed robots to act as factory helpers. Neither company's robots have legs, nor even wheels, yet. But they are the first commercially available robots that do not require cages, because they are able to watch and even feel their human co-workers, so as not to harm them.
For the home, companies are designing robots that are more sophisticated than today's vacuum-cleaner robots. Hoaloha Robotics, founded by the former Microsoft executive Tandy Trower, recently said it planned to build robots for elder care, an idea that, if successful, might make it possible for more of the aging population to live independently.
DAYTON, Ohio -- One of the Air Force's unique aircraft landed at the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force in Dayton, Ohio, Dec. 12.
The arrival of CV-22 Osprey will be a centerpiece of the museum's new 224,000 square-foot building.
"This new addition to our collection will give us the opportunity to tell two stories," said retired Lt. Gen. Jack Hudson, the museum director. "One is the use of the CV-22 by Air Force Special Operations Command aircrews. This airframe is also the culmination of decades of research and development, tying in with an early attempt at a tilt-rotor aircraft -- the Bell Helicopter Textron XV-3 displayed in our Research & Development Gallery."
Construction is slated to begin in late spring 2014 and be completed in the summer of 2015. The museum will then begin populating the building that fall. A public opening is anticipated in late 2015.
According to Hudson, the fourth building will provide more educational opportunities, increase visitor access to the presidential and research and development aircraft and improve visitor experience with space exhibits and large aircraft.
"We're extremely excited about the fourth building because this new facility will help us to further tell the Air Force story with much-needed exhibit space and also provide dedicated educational areas for programs based in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM)," Hudson said. "There will be opportunities for visitors of all ages, but a special emphasis will be placed on programs that inspire and motivate our youth toward an Air Force or STEM career."
The new climate-controlled building, with LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) 3.0 Silver certification, will house four major elements of the Air Force story.
The Presidential Aircraft Gallery will allow the museum to relocate and expand one of its most popular galleries, currently located on a controlled-access portion of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and accessible by bus to a small percentage of museum visitors.
The fourth building will provide all visitors the opportunity to view this historic collection of presidential aircraft, and walk through four of them, including aircraft used by Presidents Roosevelt, Truman, Eisenhower as well as the Boeing VC-137C used by President Kennedy, also known as SAM (Special Air Mission) 26000, which carried his body back to Washington, D.C. from Dallas after his assassination on Nov. 22, 1963, and served as the location where President Lyndon B. Johnson was sworn in as the new president.
The Research and Development Gallery will also to be relocated from the base and offer visitors the opportunity to view the world's only remaining XB-70 Valkyrie and other aerospace vehicles. The exotic XB-70 could fly three times the speed of sound and was used as a research aircraft for the advanced study of aerodynamics, propulsion and other subjects. Research and development aerospace vehicles represent advances in technological problem-solving and will increase the museum's opportunities to teach STEM themes and principles.
The new Space Gallery will showcase the Space Shuttle exhibit featuring NASA's first Crew Compartment Trainer (CCT-1), a high-fidelity representation of a space shuttle crew station used primarily for on-orbit crew training and engineering evaluations. As a major exhibit component of that gallery, visitors will be able to walk onto a full-size representation of a NASA space shuttle payload bay and look inside the CCT-1 cockpit and mid-deck areas.
Conceptual plans call for the gallery to also include a Titan IV space launch vehicle, Mercury, Gemini and Apollo spacecraft and many NASA artifacts such as a nose cap assembly, landing gear strut and a variety of astronaut equipment. A range of satellites and related items will showcase the Air Force's vast reconnaissance, early warning, communications and other space-based capabilities.
Providing airlift remains a major mission of the USAF and it forms a critical part of the Air Force's ability to maintain global reach. The Global Reach Gallery will give the opportunity to house large aircraft currently in the museum's collection, such as the C-141 Hanoi Taxi, which airlifted the first American POWs to freedom from Hanoi, North Vietnam in 1973. The Air Force's airlift, aeromedical and evacuation missions will also be explained in this gallery.
According to Hudson, the museum is a valuable Air Force institution that helps maintain and improve a close connection to the public.
"It is vital for the Air Force to have the support of the American people, along with those from around the world," Hudson said. "As the public's window to the Air Force, more than one million visitors come to the museum each year, and another 3.5 million people visit online through the museum's website and virtual tour to learn about the mission, history and evolving capabilities of America's Air Force."
The National Museum of the United States Air Force, located at Wright-Patterson AFB, is the service's national institution for preserving and presenting the Air Force story from the beginning of military flight to today's war on terrorism.
It is free to the public and features more than 360 aerospace vehicles and missiles and thousands of artifacts amid more than 17 acres of indoor exhibit space. Each year more than one million visitors from around the world come to the museum. For more information, visit www.nationalmuseum.af.mil.
Then there is the persistent attention to the dark side of life online. It wasn't an entirely new thought a year ago when I fretted in this paper that the faux friendships of Facebook and the ephemeral connectedness of Twitter were displacing real rapport, real intimacy. The response at the time — “Luddite!” “Sacrilege!” — suggested that a fair number of people had elevated a very useful tool into an object of mindless worship. But the research keeps reinforcing the argument that social media, while an innovation with a wonderful menu of practical uses, are not a happiness machine. “Is Facebook Making Us Lonely?” asked the cover of The Atlantic magazine last month. A resounding “yes” — lonely, and narcissistic and actually ill — was the answer.
Photo
Nor can Facebook's marketing missionaries be pleased that their product shows signs of becoming simply uncool. While Facebook has colonized much of the world's population, there is anecdotal evidence that teenagers are moving their online party to other platforms — Twitter, Tumblr , X-Box — in part because Facebook became a place where mom and dad hang out. You know the zeitgeist is trending against you when your product is mocked on “Girls,” the aggressively hip HBO millennials melodrama.
SHOSHANNA: Oh My God! You're not serious? I mean — that's like not being on Facebook.
JESSA: I'm not on Facebook.
SHOSHANNA: You are so [expletive] classy ...
You may find a bit of poetic justice in this if you recall that, before it acquired its messianic aura, Facebook had its origins in an algorithm with the not-so-lofty mission of letting horny Harvard boys rate the looks of female classmates.
We should be as suspicious of the Facebook-is-over hype as of the original euphoria. Lee Rainie, who studies Internet culture at the Pew Research Center , said that polling does not reflect a significant Facebook backlash so far; the empire is still growing toward a billion users, and more and more people say they use it every day. What has changed is that users say they are more wary of posting private information — especially when contemplating a job hunt, a college application or a budding romance. And many Facebook users — a third, according to a new Reuters/Ipsos poll — are cutting back the time they spend there.
“The infatuation phase is morphing into a more mature phase,” Rainie told me.
Jonathan Zittrain of Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society adds that this reckoning is mutual, and natural, as Facebook grows from a plaything born in a college dorm room into a very serious enterprise. “Even Facebook has to lose its own romantic vision of itself,” he said.
After a period of idealizing social media, the public is beginning to recognize that these are enterprises with ambitions and appetites. They are businesses. Public companies have an imperative to grow profits, which Facebook will do by monetizing you and me — serving us up as the targets for precision-guided advertising.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One of the most interesting stories I've read in the recent, more aggressive spate of coverage was Somini Sengupta's report in The Times about Facebook's entry into the Washington influence game. Every company, of course, protects its interests in the places where laws are made and adjudicated, so in hiring its corps of Washington insiders and dispensing cash from its political action committee, Facebook is just joining the mainstream. But Facebook's way of friending the powerful is original. It ingratiates itself with members of Congress by sending helpers to maximize the constituent-pleasing, re-election-securing power of their Facebook pages. “If you want to have long-term influence, there's nothing better than having politicians dependent on your product,” one envious Silicon Valley executive told me.
Photo
What might Facebook want from its new friends in Washington? It's not hard to imagine. Since Facebook's most promising path to prosperity is selling ads based on your likes and dislikes, the company will be wary of any government attempt to enforce privacy standards that interfere with the company's ability to mine your information. Since the company is jostling for dominance with the likes of Google , Apple , Twitter and Amazon, it will be paying attention to antitrust actions that could curtail its ability to use its market muscle. (Jonathan Zittrain sent me a graphic that gives you a little sense of Facebook's power in the marketplace. In 2010 Facebook was displeased with the developers of a game called Critter Island, one of many online games and services that basically rent space and services in the Facebook condominium. Facebook simply disabled the game, and the chart shows the user base collapsing from 14 million to zero in a couple of days.)
Beyond Washington, activists for various causes have upbraided Facebook for failing to protect dissidents who use the site to expose and mobilize against oppressive regimes. Critics say the company's policy of forbidding pseudonyms — intended to assure more civil behavior online (and, a cynic might speculate, to enrich the value of the user base to advertisers) — makes it a risky communications tool in authoritarian states.
“That's fine if you live in an ideal world,” said Rebecca MacKinnon, whose recent book, “Consent of the Networked,” examines the corporate sovereigns of cyberspace. “If you're an activist in China , it leaves you extremely vulnerable.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Her book persuaded one high-profile journalist, Steve Coll, to announce in The New Yorker that he was renouncing his citizenship in “Facebookistan,” which he had come to see as a highhanded corporate autocracy.
MacKinnon herself is not encouraging an exodus. She favors sticking around to help Facebook become more responsible. “It's kind of like China — do you engage, or disinvest?” she said. “I'm still at the engagement stage. The main thing is that people need to act more than constituents, not as passive residents.”
And in fact, she says, Facebook has responded to activist pressure by, among other things, becoming an observer at the Global Network Initiative, an important forum for the advocacy of privacy and free expression.
Somewhere on his way from Harvard geek to Silicon Valley titan, Mark Zuckerberg adopted an ideology of “radical transparency.” He is getting what must be an uncomfortable dose of that now. This surge of scrutiny ought to make us smarter, more sober consumers. The challenge for Facebook is how to retain the trust of its wised-up users even as he commoditizes us — that is, how to sell us on without creeping us out.
The 550MW Desert Sunlight Solar Farm is located in the Chuckwalla Valley in east Riverside County, Calif. on 3,600 acres of federal land. (Courtesy of First Solar, Inc.)
After eight years of work, federal land managers Wednesday finalized a sweeping plan apportioning nearly 11 million publicly owned acres of the California desert among different uses — including recreation, conservation, and the development of renewable energy projects.
And while the decision by the Bureau of Land Management largely satisfied some stakeholders — particularly conservationists who have been battling to protect iconic species that inhabit this ecosystem like the desert tortoise and bighorn sheep — clean energy interests protested upon learning that only 388,000 acres would be explicitly set aside for renewable energy. That's the same amount of area as in an earlier draft of the plan that these groups had strongly criticized.
About 6.57 million acres of a landscape that stretches from near Los Angeles all the way to the Arizona and Nevada borders will be set aside for conservation, with no development allowed, and a partially overlapping 3.595 million acres will be designated for recreational activities. There are an additional nearly 500,000 acres that, while not explicitly designated for clean energy, might also be used for this purpose, if applications are approved by the agency.
“We're signing this important decision that continues the BLM's commitment to renewable energy in the desert as well as providing for the conservation of the natural cultural and recreational resources of this environment that we manage,” said Jerry Perez, California State Director for the Bureau of Land Management, in an interview.
In a signal of the importance of the decision, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell traveled to Palm Springs, Calif., to announce it Wednesday at a public event. “We pulled up, and looked at conservation on a landscape scale,” said Jewell, whose department includes the Bureau of Land Management. “And that is the wave of the future.”
Perez said that the finalized plan had not changed that much in comparison with earlier versions. But he noted that in response to complaints from industry, the agency had clarified a number of so-called “conservation management actions” that would be required before companies could develop on land designated for renewable energy.
And Karen Douglas, a commissioner of the California Energy Commission who supports the plan, said that the allocated acreage would be sufficient to help California meet its ambitious clean energy goals.”From the Energy Commission's perspective, having BLM designate about 600 square miles of land for development in the desert is a big help for us in meeting those goals,” Douglas said.
The federal decision document, itself, suggests that the 388,000 acres allocated for renewable sources like wind, solar, and geothermal energy can support projects totaling 27 gigawatts, or a billion watts, of energy capacity.
But the solar and wind industries, which had strongly criticized a prior version of the plan for cutting off development opportunities, expressed strong disappointment Wednesday.
In a statement, Shannon Eddy, the executive director of the Large-Scale Solar Association, charged the plan “is a Model T in a Tesla world. Rather than fostering sustainable clean energy development as a part of a conservation plan, it severely restricts wind and solar.”
The Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan, as it is called, arose out of a confluence of events — more and more applications for big-scale solar projects in the California Desert, even as conservationists increasingly worried about species like the tortoise, which suffer from a range of threats, not least of them climate change.
[Why Big Solar and environmentalists are clashing over the California desert]
This led to a number of conflicts between two groups that, you might think, would be allies. Namely, clean energy developers — particular solar developers, who view the California desert as an ideal place for large scale facilities like the Desert Sunlight solar plant, which covers nearly 6 square miles and can generate 550 megawatts, or a million watts, of continuous electricity — and conservationists.
Trying to reconcile ever more clean energy installations with conservation goals is what set in motion the plan — an enormous effort by multiple federal and state agencies, as well as the many interest groups involved, including solar and wind industry trade groups and major environmental organizations.
Members of the latter group have generally praised the plan, while in some cases wishing it could have been even stronger. Dan Smuts, who directs the Pacific Region for the Wilderness Society, called the plan “a thoughtful and balanced blueprint for the future of the California desert” in a statement Wednesday.
But Ileene Anderson, a scientist with the Center for Biological Diversity, called it “a compromise plan that provides more than enough land to reach California's current renewable-energy goals and beyond, but it fails to adequately protect important wildlife habitat.”
The Bureau of Land Management has argued that by more explicitly designating which areas are suitable for solar and other clean energy developments, past conflicts will be lessened and industry will have more predictability in what it can expect when trying to go forward with a large-scale project.
“We've created a certainty, here are the places that we see are the best places for development,” Perez said. “If someone brought forward a project, those are the areas where there are more certainty, and efficiency in how we would move through the analysis process.”
A major remaining point of contention is a promised second phase of the plan that would make similar designations on private rather than public lands, doing so in conjunction with the various California state counties, like Riverside and San Bernardino, that contain the most promising land for clean energy development.
But the solar industry argues that that process won't give them much new land to work with either. “Renewable energy developers doubt that the next phase will yield the lands necessary to meet long-term energy and climate goals,” said the Solar Energy Industries Association in a press release.
Read more at Energy & Environment:
Wind power is going to get a lot cheaper than wind turbines get even more enormous
Wheat, one of the world's most important crops, is being threatened by climate change
We've been protecting Earth's land for 100 years. We're finally starting to protect its oceans
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.
Photo: Abbie Winters.
This story was originally published July 24, 2016.
There are very few things I feel shame about and keep under wraps — just ask anyone who's had a couple glasses of wine in my company. But my 13-year struggle to get my dermatillomania — a compulsive skin-picking disorder I've been diagnosed with — under control is one. Physically, skin-picking is an ugly habit. But to me, what it broadcasts about my mental state is even uglier: that I'm weak, anxious, neurotic, not in control.
I can count on one hand the number of people who know how deep into this disorder I am — and I've learned not to talk about it. Because when you tell people you pick, you get one of two responses: “Oh, me too, I can't resist popping pimples!” Or, “You just have to not do it. Force yourself to stop.” Which is usually where the conversation ends, because this has never been about acne or free will. That, and it's pretty socially awkward to counter with “No, as in, I sit in my bathroom for hours on end digging into my body, going after tiny specks that could maybe, one day, weeks from now, be hairs, with sharp tools until I bleed, scab, and scar. And then I do it all over again. By the way, how's your salad?”
“I can count on one hand the number of people who know how deep into this disorder I am — and I've learned not to talk about it.”
I started picking between eighth and ninth grade for reasons I can't pinpoint now, but it's not uncommon for compulsive tendencies to develop around the onset of puberty, when our hormones are raging. During high school, my legs got the worst of it. I'd lock myself in the bathroom, settle in on the toilet seat, and pull out every hair on my leg I could grasp with those pointed Tweezerman tweezers. The ones I couldn't get? I'd take a safety pin and cut into the hair follicle until I reached them. I'd fall into a trance doing this and lose track of time — it wasn't unusual for three hours to pass before I gave up, flushed a trash can's worth of bloody tissues, and went to bed, sore from hunching over and squinting.
Needless to say, I spent California summers in jeans, always, and school years in knee socks. (Luckily, all my time was spent at a barn riding horses or in Catholic school, so both clothing items worked well within the respective uniform guidelines of each.) When there was a dance or track meet and I was forced into a dress or shorts, I relied on lots of Sally Hansen Airbrush Legs.
When I headed to college, the picking stopped for almost a year, my scars faded, and I figured I was in the clear. I credited finally being free of the constraints of my parents' home (they were great; I was a difficult teen) and being surrounded by people 24/7 as the solution. But I eventually relapsed, and when I did, it was on a less readily visible area: my bikini line.
Now, skirts and dresses were in; bathing suits were out. Which, fine, I've never liked swimming. But I do like sex, and having to always arrange for it to be in the right lighting, at the right angle, at the right time between picking binges is exhausting. And when you prod at your bikini line (and I have until very recently) to the point that it's constantly red and irritated, then at best, partners might think you're prone to ingrowns and sloppy with a razor; at worst, that you have an STI. And then the stigma around that — gross, dirty, et cetera — lodges itself in your head and you start to believe you are all those things. After all, what other kind of person would see invisible imperfections and mutilate herself in order to get them out?
I took the disorder with me to New York City after graduation. A couple years into living here, I met two of my best friends — and not only are they beauty editors, they're skin-pickers and hair-pullers, too. Water seeks its own level. Together, we've formed a fucked-up, judgment-free support group of sorts. We revel in tales of ingrowns that come out easily — in a long spiral! — when you pinch them, but we also talk each other off the ledge on late nights: Walk away from the mirror. Go put on a hat/gloves. Write down the triggers in this moment.
One describes the compulsion to dig into her scalp and legs as being like “a really bad security blanket. When I'm not stressed, I can control it; otherwise I can't.” And that idea of control — having it, lacking it — is what's at the root of this: “When my life gets out of control, this is the one thing I feel like I can control, so doing it makes me feel better in those times,” explains the other.
Increasingly, I've started to feel the opposite way: that I've lost control. In my teenage years, there was something comforting about the act, but now I recognize, even in the moment, that I don't want to be doing it, that no good will come of it — yet I'm helpless to stop. Therapy, journaling, notes on the mirror, getting rid of tweezers, cutting my nails short — nothing has worked for any significant amount of time.
Then, a few months ago, I made a decision I'd been fighting for years, mostly out of the unfounded fear that I'd turn into a Stepford wife and lose my signature sardonic Daria-ness in the process: I went on the anti-depressant Wellbutrin, for reasons at the time that were unrelated. And guess what? I didn't, thank God, turn into a sweet, perky thing overnight. Instead, I found myself living in this calm-ish, healthy-ish emotional place where I can see situations for what they are and respond appropriately. Meaning: A small amount of extra stress doesn't lead to me spending the night in my empty bathtub, sending manic emails 'til 4 a.m. A disappointing response from a guy I'm dating doesn't feel like a major catastrophe. And for the first time in my life, an urge to pick doesn't necessarily mean that I will, inevitably, pick.
If that sounds like a passive way of putting it, that's because it is: By no means am I fully out of this — like any addict, I'll always be in recovery mode. Thirty-six days ago, jet-lagged and delirious in Stockholm, I fell into one of those zoned-out trances and picked a hole into my areola (I know — what the actual fuck?!) that was so deep, it shocked me into getting my shit together. I'm sick of creating wounds, waiting for them to heal, feeling so elated when they do, then repeating the nasty cycle. Since then I haven't touched my skin. Have I wanted to? Every. Single. Fucking. Day. The difference is that now I can feel the urge, shift it to an actual stray brow hair that needs plucking, and walk away — to throw on a bikini or have sex in the daylight.
New money will allow 50 delayed schemes to go ahead, but hundreds of defence projects remain without funding
The devastating flooding across Britain has forced David Cameron into a partial U-turn on deep cuts in flood defence spending, with the provision of an extra £120m.
The funding will allow 50 delayed schemes to go ahead, ministers said, but hundreds of projects remain without financial support. The Guardian has also learned that cuts are forcing the Environment Agency to stop or reduce the maintenance of some schemes.
In the recent spate of flooding, nearly 1,000 homes were inundated in the south-west of England, the Midlands and Wales. Many people have only been able to return to their homes in the last couple of days to begin the clean up. More than 5,200 properties have been flooded in 2012.
"Flooding can have a devastating effect on communities," said Cameron. "So I am pleased that this additional £120m will help to fast-track defences for up to 60,000 more homes and unlock up to £1bn of economic benefits."
Half of the new funding will focus on protecting commercial and industrial areas, for example a project in Leeds to protect 250 businesses, in order to boost economic growth.
The Environment Agency's chairman, Lord Smith, said: "Recent events have reminded us forcibly of how traumatic the impact of flooding can be on people and businesses. This new funding is therefore extremely welcome."
However, the agency is losing more than 20% of its budget and 2,000 staff to government cuts and Smith warned recently: "In some cases, we are having to take the very difficult decision to reduce or stop maintenance work of our flood defence assets within the next five years." That means homes currently protected from flooding may lose that safety net in future as the defences they rely on deteriorate. The agency points out that every £1 spent on flood defences saves £8 in avoiding future damage.
The new £120m funding will be targeted at bringing forward 50 schemes, including city centre schemes in Sheffield, Exeter and Derby, and a tidal defence scheme in Ipswich. The government cut flood defence spending on entering office, dropping from £665m in 2010-11, to £540m for each year until 2014-15. The Guardian revealed in July that 294 schemes that had been in line for funding had not been built due to cuts.
Mary Creagh, Labour's shadow environment secretary, said: "This year's floods have shown how shortsighted the government was to cut investment in flood defences. Even after today's mini U-turn the government will still be spending less on flood defences next year than in 2008."
Charles Tucker, chair of the National Flood Forum, which represents 200 local groups, welcomed the new money, but said much more needed to be done. "Increasingly severe weather means there isn't anywhere now that can say we won't be flooded. The cuts are a false economy – doesn't the government ever learn that a stitch in time saves nine?"
He added: "It's cut now, suffer later."
The government's own reports acknowledge that climate change is increasing the risk of flooding. Its scientists say flooding is the greatest danger to the UK from global warming and that the damage cause could rise tenfold in coming decades.
The cuts in flood defence spending is also at the heart of the row between the government and insurers, which risks leaving 200,000 homes uninsurable if it is not resolved. A deal between the two to ensure affordable insurance ends in 2013 and was based on the government building flood defences in line with the rising risk.
The environment secretary, Owen Paterson, said: "This additional investment in flood defences, combined with the new money brought in through our successful partnership funding scheme, means over the current spending review funding will be higher than ever before on protecting people from flooding."
Partnership funding, whereby local businesses or residents help pay for defences, has raised £72m to date. But Tucker said: "It is not a sufficient replacement at all. It also enables schemes to go ahead in rich areas, while in poorer areas schemes are delayed or don't happen at all."
The budget cuts have been "worrying", said Anne McIntosh, the Conservative MP for Thirsk and chair of the Commons environment select committee, whose own constituents have suffered repeated flooding. But she added: "You will never have enough money to build all of the flood defence schemes you need. Had Labour remained in power, you would not have seen any increase in spending."
• This article was amended on November 2012. We originally stated that 3,000 Environment Agency jobs would be cut and that 7,000 properties have been flooded. The article has been changed accordingly.
Carolina Panthers tight end Greg Olsen has been a very good player for quite a while now, but it appears he may be on another level this year. Through five games, Olsen has 27 catches for 326 yards and four touchdowns. If he can maintain his pace the rest of the season, he would post career highs in all three categories. It might finally get him the Pro Bowl invite that has thus far eluded him.
I don't necessarily think Olsen is playing particularly better this year. It goes back to the Panthers' decision to cut loose Steve Smith in the offseason. No matter how poorly it was handled, the end result so far is that Panthers quarterback Cam Newton is now spreading the ball around a lot more than he has in the past. That creates a positive impact for Olsen, not only because Cam might be looking for him more now in different situations, but also because now opposing defenses have to defend the whole field, which allows more room for Olsen to operate.
I went back to look at some coaches tape from last year to make sure I wasn't making stuff up, and sure enough, last season teams were definitely looking to double both Olsen and Smith, especially in the red zone. The idea, I imagine, was to make Newton beat you throwing to somebody else. Considering the fact that the Panthers won 12 games in the regular season, you could make the argument that strategy didn't work out all that well for the opposition.
This year is different, primarily because the Panthers haven't been able to rely on their running game the way they normally would. Not only have their running backs been dropping like flies (I had to Google the last two guys they played), but also Newton, who has always been an integral part of the running game, has been banged up since the offseason. Even as a decoy, the threat of Newton running could affect a defense. Now, most teams know that the Panthers aren't willing to put him at risk, so they don't have to worry about him running. With little to no running game, that should make it easier to cover a guy like Olsen, but it hasn't because now you just never know where Newton might go with the ball.
Look at Olsen's first touchdown against the Bears on Sunday. There wasn't anything special about the route. The Panthers lined up in trips out of the shotgun with Olsen inside on the trips side. He basically ran right up the seam. Newton didn't make a run fake to the running back, so there wasn't anything for secondary to bite on. At the same time, it's worth noting that before the play, Newton had already thrown passes to three different wide receivers as well as two other tight ends. The Bears didn't concentrate on stopping Olsen, to their detriment, because that pass could have just as easily as gone to Kelvin Benjamin or Jerricho Cotchery or Jason Avant.
Somehow, some way, the Panthers find themselves once again atop the NFC South after five games, even after losing so much talent in the offseason. They're pulling this off with their running backs looking like a MASH ward and Newton still not at 100 percent. It's pretty damn incredible ... and scary.
Just imagine what that offense might look like once it can actually run the ball down a defense's throat. If you think Olsen's numbers are good now, he'll be even more wide open then. I think barring injury, he will be making that trip to the Pro Bowl this year.
In an interview, Mr. Teller said that his division's responsibility was to produce financial results on par with what a venture capitalist might expect when putting money into a new company. “Because risk abounds, we owe a very strong return,” he said.
Google X's best-known projects are Glass and the self-driving car, but inside there is much more, like an effort to make wind power with kites, or a project to deliver packages with drone aircraft. And all across the Southern Hemisphere, the company has stratospheric balloons that aim to connect people to the Internet. Add this to the list of things Google X has tinkered with — jet packs, hovering skateboards — and it is easy to see why investors are getting antsy.
Image Google's experimental self-driving car at the company's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. A camera mounted to the roof, along with various sensors, help the vehicle drive itself. Credit Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
As out there as the projects sound, Google is going down a familiar road. Today, Google is so dominant in search advertising that it has almost no choice but to spend lavishly in search of future businesses.
“If you think historically, go back 30 or 35 years, the organizations with big R.&D. divisions were AT&T, IBM and Xerox,” said Ed Lazowska, a computer science professor at the University of Washington. “Notice that each of those companies had a de facto monopoly.”
Google still dedicates a lot of time and money to deep computer science research that is woven into its core business. Two years ago, for instance, the company introduced a feature on its Google Plus social network that allows people to search their photos for subjects like “dogs” or “jewelry.” Behind that initiative was years of math and tinkering intended to make computers better at recognizing images.
“We judge ourselves by ‘Does the research end up being used in products?' ” said John Giannandrea, who oversees several research projects at Google.
Image A kill switch — a large button on the console of Google's self-driving car — allows a human driver to take over in case of computer failure or other problems. Credit Jason Henry for The New York Times
And, on occasion, Google X will send projects back to the core company so they can have a more immediate benefit. That is what happened to Google's neural network project (formerly called “Google Brain”) a so-called machine learning effort in which researchers use algorithms to teach computers to do things like read text or understand spoken language.
In 2001, Frederic Brochet conducted two experiments at the University of Bordeaux.
In one experiment, he got 54 oenology (the study of wine tasting and wine making) undergraduates together and had them taste one glass of red wine and one glass of white wine. He had them describe each wine in as much detail as their expertise would allow. What he didn't tell them was both were the same wine. He just dyed the white one red. In the other experiment, he asked the experts to rate two different bottles of red wine. One was very expensive, the other was cheap. Again, he tricked them. This time he had put the cheap wine in both bottles. So what were the results?
The tasters in the first experiment, the one with the dyed wine, described the sorts of berries and grapes and tannins they could detect in the red wine just as if it really was red. Every single one, all 54, could not tell it was white. In the second experiment, the one with the switched labels, the subjects went on and on about the cheap wine in the expensive bottle. They called it complex and rounded. They called the same wine in the cheap bottle weak and flat.
Another experiment at Cal-Tech pitted five bottles of wine against each other. They ranged in price from $5 to $90. Similarly, the experimenters put cheap wine in the expensive bottles -- but this time they put the tasters in a brain scanner. While tasting the wine, the same parts of the brain would light up in the machine every time, but with the wine the tasters thought was expensive, one particular region of the brain became more active. Another study had tasters rate cheese eaten with two different wines. One they were told was from California, the other from North Dakota. The same wine was in both bottles. The tasters rated the cheese they ate with the California wine as being better quality, and they ate more of it.
So is the fancy world of wine tasting all pretentious bunk? Not exactly. The wine tasters in the experiments above were being influenced by the nasty beast of expectation. A wine expert's objectivity and powers of taste under normal circumstance might be amazing, but Brochet's manipulations of the environment misled his subjects enough to dampen their acumen. An expert's own expectation can act like Kryptonite on their superpowers. Expectation, as it turns out, is just as important as raw sensation. The build up to an experience can completely change how you interpret the information reaching your brain from your otherwise objective senses. In psychology, true objectivity is pretty much considered to be impossible. Memories, emotions, conditioning, and all sorts of other mental flotsam taint every new experience you gain. In addition to all this, your expectations powerfully influence the final vote in your head over what you believe to be reality. So, when tasting a wine, or watching a movie, or going on a date, or listening to a new stereo through $300 audio cables -- some of what you experience comes from within and some comes from without. Expensive wine is like anything else that is expensive, the expectation it will taste better actually makes it taste better.
Downton Abbey is nearing the end of its run, and its final episodes are filming now. However, some of the cast and crew came out to Los Angeles to speak on a panel discussion about the show's final season. Most interesting, perhaps, is Julian Fellowes' (co-creator, writer) thoughts on how feminism and sexuality influenced the show and its characters.
Fellowes described the show as being particularly feminist, in that he tries to depict all the complexities of life through a wide range of ages, instead of getting fixated on a certain demographic. According to Deadline, he said, “In movieland, everyone stops being a sexual being at about 32, at least for women.” He elaborated further, and said, “The men are allowed to go on until they're 78, I've never worked that out. In my world, on the whole older people have emotions like anyone else, and I think the show demonstrates that.”
For example, Edith, one of the show's characters, is struggling with an unwanted pregnancy. Fellowes reflected on the differences between handling something like that now as compared to handling it then.
The difficulty in modern drama is if a young woman is living with her family and she'd rather go to New York, [then] go to New York, there's no problem… Because the customs of our day would allow that, there's no price to pay, there'd be no social price. It's totally different in the time of Downton where, for instance, when an illegitimate child would be a secret that would completely ruin Edith… The men were reasonably constrained as well, but nothing like the constraints put around women, and it puts a kind of tension right through the center of it that I think we benefit from.
On sexuality, Fellowes also brought up the Thomas Barrow character, who is a closeted gay man. Back in the time where Downton Abbey is set, being gay was illegal. One could face actual jail time and have their life ruined if anyone found out. So Fellowes tried to explore what that was like through this character and what having to be so protective of yourself meant for your personal relationships.
If you're heterosexual and you go to a pub, you have one too many, you make a pass at a girl, you might get slapped. But that would be the end of it. Whereas if you make a pass at a man, your whole life could be in shreds by the following morning. And so we start with a character who's very touchy, and defensive, and self protective, and rather acid, and quite nasty. But gradually, I hope, we understand why he is all of those things, because he is his only friend, and he is living under permanent threat, even though the others don't know it. And so we have traced that through, and now he is still defensive, still angry, but he's less horrible, because more people know about him, and they don't mind… I think it's an interesting strand that this was going on so recently, and so many people didn't question it.
It's interesting to see how Fellowes has been trying to incorporate some very modern themes into a very classical setting. But it's important to keep in mind that just because these issues are entering the public eye now doesn't necessarily mean they're new. This is a good reminder that many of the things we're only now dealing with are things that have existed for a long, long time.
(via Deadline)
—Please make note of The Mary Sue's general comment policy.—
Do you follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
A woman's body was found at an Oklahoma Walmart, three days after she entered the store.
Police outside Tulsa said Monday they'd found the body of Katherine Caraway in a locked, single-stall "family bathroom."
Watch: Cops Overwhelmed by Walmart Fights: 'There Are Days I Run Out of Handcuffs'
It's a sad story that became shocking after Sand Springs Police Capt. Todd Enzbrenner revealed that video shows Caraway entering the room at about 6 p.m. Friday.
The 29-year-old never emerged, and somehow the locked bathroom was overlooked by staff.
At some point over the weekend, authorities say store employees placed a sign on the door saying it was out of order, KOKI reports.
Enzbrenner says store employees assumed that because the door was locked, something in the bathroom needed to be fixed.
While the cause of death remains undetermined, officials say it is not believed to be suspicious.
Watch: Thief In Electric Wheelchair Zig Zag Through a Crowd to Escape Walmart
Walmart released the following statement on the sad incident:
"We are saddened by this. We don't know all the facts right now, but we are working closely with local law enforcement to provide what information we have that might be useful. Because this is an ongoing investigation, we must refer you to them for additional information."
Watch: Walmart Apologizes After Initially Refusing to Make 'Blue Lives Matter' Cake
Related Articles:
The federal Conservatives are calling on the Trudeau Foundation to stop accepting foreign donations after a National Post analysis showed foreign donations increased ten-fold since Justin Trudeau won the Liberal leadership.
“I think if the Prime Minister had the wisdom that I hope he does have, that he would tell his family foundation to stop taking the foreign donations until Canadians can be assured that there's no dirty dealings happening,” said Conservative house leader Candice Bergen.
Last week the National Post reported that about forty per cent of 108 donors, directors and members of the foundation since 2014 — or one in six when not counting academic institutions — have affiliations with organizations that currently lobby the federal government. Overall donations have increased four-fold since Trudeau won the Liberal leadership in April 2013.
The Trudeau Foundation says that the “vast majority” of the foreign donations were made by Canadian citizens living abroad. As the Post reported, the majority of foreign-donated funds came from the Switzerland-based McCall MacBain Foundation, founded by Marcy McCall MacBain and her husband John McCall MacBain, a Canadian and the Trudeau Foundation's chair and the 75th richest person in Canada according to Canadian Business magazine. The McCall MacBains have donated more than $25,000 to the Liberal party over the past decade.
The donation that has received the most attention is from Chinese national Bin Zhang, who, along with a partner, made a $200,000 gift to the Trudeau Foundation after he attended a cash-for-access fundraiser with Justin Trudeau in May 2016.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose asked ethics commissioner Mary Dawson to look into that donation to determine whether Trudeau had broken the law. Last Tuesday, Dawson wrote a letter to Ambrose saying she would question Trudeau about some cash-for-access events, but would not ask him about the Trudeau Foundation.
“In relation to the donation to the Trudeau Foundation, at this time I have found no evidence that Mr. Bin [Zhang] has dealings with or is seeking funding from the Government of Canada or that Mr. Trudeau had any involvement in soliciting the funds from Mr. Bin [Zhang],” wrote Dawson.
Bin Zhang is a Communist Party official who helps spread Chinese influence as president of the China Culture Industry Association, a group that is supervised by the Ministry of Culture and tasked with building international ties for Beijing. Other members of the group include senior leaders from the navy, the army, and China's ruling Communist Party.
Zhang's $200,000 donation will fund conferences and events. “It is expected that many of these events will explore the evolving role of China in the world and Canada-China relations,” according to an Aug. 17 post on the foundation's website.
Dawson said she doesn't need to look into the donation because she believes negotiations around it began after Trudeau ceased his involvement with the foundation.
“Information in the public domain indicates that the terms of the donation to the Trudeau Foundation were negotiated between September 2014 and spring 2016, after Mr. Trudeau's involvement with the Foundation had ended. I will therefore not be looking further into the matter at this time,” wrote Dawson.
Trudeau Foundation executive director Élise Comtois told the National Post that while the foundation first met with Bin Zhang and his partner Niu Gensheng in September 2014, the University of Montreal first told the foundation of the potential donation in January 2014.
Zhang and Gensheng eventually decided to donate $200,000 to the Trudeau Foundation and $800,000 to the University of Montreal with the parties signing the donation agreement on June 1, 2016. The donation to the university is divided into two parts: $750,000 for scholarships for law students and $50,000 for a statue of Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
Comtois said the foundation received a letter from Trudeau formally withdrawing from the foundation in December 2014 — three months after Dawson said she believes he was no longer involved with its operations, and eleven months after the foundation was first informed of the potential donation.
“As the Prime Minister has said before, following his election as Leader of the Liberal Party, he withdrew his involvement in the affairs of the Foundation for the duration of his involvement in federal politics,” said Trudeau spokesperson Cameron Ahmad.
Trudeau won the Liberal leadership on April 14, 2013. He withdrew from the foundation over a year and a half later, on December 10, 2014.
Asked whether the Prime Minister would talk to the ethics commissioner about the foundation or ask the foundation to limit donations, Ahmad said: “The Prime Minister has no involvement with the Trudeau Foundation.”
An email sent by Comtois on Sept 4. 2014 soliciting a donation from Google listed the potential benefits available to Trudeau Foundation conference sponsors, including a section labelled “Networking opportunities.”
A donation of $50,000 or more entitled a sponsor to hold a private event for as many as 25 people, including “key members of the Trudeau Foundation Society.” Justin Trudeau is listed as one of the members with whom donors could potentially hold a private event.
Google eventually gave US $25,000 to the foundation to sponsor their 2015 conference. While the meeting with Zhang and Gensheng also took place in September 2014, Comtois says they were not sent the same package.
Two months after the foundation was first contacted about Zhang's donation, on March 10, 2014, Trudeau participated by phone in a foundation meeting where members voted on transitioning from Part II of the Canada Corporations Act to the Canada Not-For-Profit Corporations Act, according to Comtois. Prior to that he called in to meetings on March 21 2013 and Nov. 18 2010.
In a letter responding to the Post's initial report, Trudeau Foundation president Morris Rosenberg emphasized that the majority of foreign donations came from the McCall MacBain Foundation. The foundation does not count the $200,000 donation from Chinese nationals Bin Zhang and Niu Gensheng as a foreign donation since it was made by a company registered in Canada. Rosenberg also pointed to Dawson's decision not to include the Trudeau Foundation in her questioning of the Prime Minister.
However, NDP ethics critic Alexandre Boulerice wants Trudeau to talk to Dawson about the foundation.
“For a Prime Minister who prides himself on high ethical standards and transparency, he should have no problem talking with the ethics commissioner about that donation,” said Boulerice.
Asked why Dawson said Trudeau wasn't involved in the foundation in Sept. 2014 when he didn't withdraw until Dec. 2014, ethics commissioner spokesperson Jocelyne Brisebois said Dawson is “looking into the matter.”
• Email: zschwartz@postmedia.com | Twitter: zaneschwartz
California's Legislature is poised to pass a law making it much harder to offer psychiatric medication to kids in foster care, responding to growing concern that foster kids get too many psychotropic medications.
Last month the California Senate responded to the problem with a package of four bills focused on tighter judicial oversight, better medical monitoring and better medical protocols for the use of the drugs in group home settings.
At a glance, the numbers do seem troubling.
Nearly one in four adolescents in foster care are on psychotropic drugs, a California State Senate Committee on Human Services reported earlier this year, with 56 percent of those in foster care on the meds.
More concerning, the California Senate committee noted, 60 percent of those on the medication were receiving anti-psychotic drugs, which are reserved for very serious conditions and often have serious side effects, and 36 percent of the adolescents had multiple prescriptions, which often lead to complications.
Given with poor oversight and little attendant therapy, critics say, those potent drugs in unpredictable blends are asking for trouble.
"We have a major problem," said Julie M. Zito, a professor of pharmacy and psychiatry at the University of Maryland, "and California has done us a great service in calling attention to this vulnerable population."
But some experts fear that the rush to judgment will not serve kids in the long run. "The issue is more complicated than many of the one dimensional articles presented in the press would suggest," said Michael Naylor, director of the Division of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Better protocols
There seems to be little disagreement we do need better data and better protocols to make sure that drugs are accompanied with proper personal therapy and that dangers are seen early.
"There are states where if you go into a child's file you would be shocked to see the disarray," said Sarah Bartosz, lead counsel for Children's Rights, a New York City-based advocacy group.
Most states keep poor records on the medical history of foster children, Zito said, and as a result cannot really know how many medications they are taking or how they are playing out. "The history of the child becomes atomized and fragmented," Zito said. "Informed consent breaks down, drugs stack up on top of each other, medical records are often not updated and red flags are missed.
"You can't just be looking through this lens of I'm giving pills and doing good," Zito said. A particular problem comes when children are given multiple medications when the interactions, safety and dosing of the blends are poorly understood.
Without parents invested in their care, foster kids are especially vulnerable to cursory doctor visits. Proper procedure, Zito said, requires that a doctor carefully consider progress, meeting with a child often and for longer sessions. “What can you get out of a 15-minute session?” she asked.
Zito says the problem extends beyond foster care to concerns about over-medicating children in the U.S. for mental health and behavioral problems.
“We over-medicate the poor, especially the most vulnerable, including foster care,” she said. “We have good clinical guidelines in child psychology and pediatrics, and yet when we look at population-based analysis we come away with enormous disparities between the various subgroups.”
Oversight in Illinois
Naylor works with the state child welfare agency in Illinois, a state he sees as fairly advanced in its oversight procedures. Illinois has an agency known as the Office of the Guardian that is required to give consent for major medical decisions for foster children, including psychiatric care.
The Office of the Guardian, in turn, must consult with the system's psychiatric consultant, which is the role Naylor himself currently plays. Doctors have to fill out a detailed form before a prescription is approved. That information is entered into a database, which allows Naylor and his colleagues to look at the child's whole medical history and profile.
"We will often deny the medication if it does not look appropriate," Naylor said. "We used to deny as many as 10 percent. Now we are denying fewer, partly because they better understand how we make the decisions."
For one thing, he said, doctors now understand that issuing multiple drugs at once to a child will result in a quick veto.
Naylor cautions against facile comparison between states. For one thing, he said, many hinges on how many kids are brought into foster care in the first place. Illinois is very selective, Naylor said, bringing 50 percent fewer kids into the system than the U.S. as a whole. By definition, he said, these kids will have more problems, and thus require more medication.
Chemical soup
Naylor argues that many kids in foster care have psychiatric problems that began well before birth, so it should be no surprise that a disproportionate number of them end up medicated.
“These are kids with all of the risk factors for major mental illness,” Naylor said. Foster kids usually come from homes where birth parents had major mental issues, and even in utero, he argues, they are often swimming in a “chemical soup” of alcohol, drugs and the stress hormone, cortisol, which set them up for challenges as they develop.
Cortisol is almost universally overlooked, Naylor said. Most kids born into stressful environments resulting in foster care had parents who were economically and socially stressed. A mother under severe stress will immerse her unborn child in stress hormones, he said, with troubling effects down the road.
“In Illinois, our goal is not to increase the use of the drugs,” Naylor said. “It's not to decrease their use. It's to figure out when it becomes appropriate to use them, and what the appropriate dosages would be.”
Here, even harsh critics of the status quo seem to agree.
"The social need is undoubtedly there," Zito said of foster kids. "I'm not suggesting these are not needy children." What Zito objects to, she said, is the heavy emphasis on medication as the solution to these problems.
“We don't want 'psychotropic' to become a dirty word,” Bartosz said. "Our objective is better oversight, not to eliminate the use of drugs for this population. For some kids, medication is appropriate and beneficial."
Whether it's being catcalled, followed, or physically assaulted, street harassment is a pervasive problem. A short documentary from Vocativ talks to several women who share their harassment experiences. One interviewee agreed to wear a hidden camera as she walked around her city. Men called out at her, entered her personal space, and even purred at her as she simply walked on the sidewalk.
The documentary also tells the story of Jen Corey, a former Miss America finalist who advocates against street harassment. In an interview, she talks about being physically violated on the Washington, D.C., metro last year. She and others mention how men "smirk" at them after getting away with harassment and abuse.
Despite Vocativ and Corey's best effort to expose the horrors of harassment, some people still aren't getting it. Corey says she's been barraged with tweets trying to prove her wrong since the video was released. It's clear there's still a lot of work to do before women can walk in public undisturbed.
Related:
When Geeks Attack: Sexual Harassment in the Tech Community
What Happens When We Turn the Tables on Guys
Via Cosmopolitan
11Alive News has learned four prominent Atlanta attorneys are taking over the defense for accused arsonist Basil Eleby.
Eleby, who is homeless, is accused of setting the fire that eventually spread to a load of plastic and fiberglass conduit and ignited the portion of Interstate 85 that runs over Piedmont Avenue.
COMPLETE COVERAGE | I-85 Collapse
The interstate collapsed, causing damage that will impact millions of drivers for months to come. Watch the video of the collapse here.
RELATED | Suspect in I-85 burning said to have 'mental capacity of 15-year-old'
PHOTOS: Meet the suspect in I-85 bridge fire <p>A previous mugshot of Basil Eleby. (Fulton County Jail)</p>
The attorneys are Lawrence Zimmerman, Malawi Davis, Tiffany Roberts and R. Gary Spencer.
Homeless advocates and Eleby's Public Defender have been critical of the Georgia Department of Transportation for blaming the fire on the homeless man, whom they say was smoking crack when he lit some furniture on fire on March 30.
RELATED | Man allegedly behind I-85 collapse described as quiet, helpful
Eleby has been charged with first-degree arson and criminal damage to property. Two others, Sophia Brauer and Barry Andrew Thomas, have been charged with criminal trespass.
Larry Priester of the Atlanta Field Division of the ATF said that his office may investigate the case as well.
People who know Eleby told 11Alive he has the mental capacity of a 15-year-old. They also said Eleby, who had been arrested numerous times before on drug and battery charges, had been in-and-out of a drug addiction program for 20 years.
Civil rights leaders -- and some in the legal community -- have criticized the post-fire focus on Eleby. They said the Georgia Department of Transportation should be held accountable for storing construction materials under the bridge.
PHOTOS | 85 bridge reconstruction underway
Born Clarence McKay Parker in 1912 to Ernest and Mabel Parker in Portsmouth, Virginia, Clarence attended Woodrow Wilson High School, excelling in five sports: football, baseball, basketball, track and soccer.
Pro Football Hall of FameParker with his presenter Jack White, GM of the 49ers, during his Enshrinement in 1972.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
After graduation, he was set to attend Virginia Tech until a former Duke alumnus requested that Parker visit the campus in Durham. Parker agreed and went to see Duke football coach Wallace Wade. According to Parker's friend Buddy Lex, “Ace went down to Wade's office and Wade said, ‘I understand you are going to Virginia Tech.' Clarence says, ‘Yes, sir.' Wade said, ‘I think you made a wise decision. I don't think you could make our ball club here.'” That was all the strong-willed Parker needed to hear. He changed his mind and went to Duke to prove that he could make the team. He did more than that, making second-team All-American in 1935 and consensus first team All-American in 1936, when he also placed sixth in the Heisman Trophy voting.
Asked how Parker got the nickname "Ace,” Buddy Lex responded, “A Norfolk newspaper had a sports reporter named Bill Cox. Ace, when he was playing for Duke University, [Cox] wrote a column and it said, ‘When you need ten yards, six yards or 20 yards, Clarence Parker is like an ace in the hole. He can get those yards for you.' From then on, he was known as ‘Ace' Parker. That was about 1935.”
Story continues
Parker was drafted by the NFL's Brooklyn Dodgers in 1937, but chose to play baseball for the Philadelphia Athletics instead, hitting a home run in his first at-bat. After one year of baseball, Parker requested and was granted permission to play for the Dodgers. For the 1937 and 1938 seasons, Parker was playing professional baseball and football. After the 1938 season, he decided to focus strictly on football. He led the team in passing in 1937 and led the league in 1938. Comparing those accomplishments to his baseball records -- a .179 batting average, 20 runs and 25 RBIs -- the choice was clear that football was his sport.
In 1940, Ace broke his leg sliding into second base during a summer baseball game. As a result, he needed to wear a bulky brace on his leg, which went from his ankle to his knee. That was also the year that legendary Pitt coach Jock Sutherland joined the Dodgers. Under Sutherland, Parker had one of his best years as a pro, amassing 817 passing yards, 10 touchdowns, 306 rushing yards, and leading the league in points after touchdowns. Parker won NFL Most Valuable Player honors that year.
In 1942, Parker left pro sports to join the Navy. He served two years at the Norfolk Naval Base, attaining the rank of chief petty officer. While in the Navy, he played baseball and managed the base's team.
After serving in the military, Parker returned to the pro gridiron to play for the 1945 Boston Yanks. He finished his career playing for the 1946 New York Yankees of the upstart All-America Football Conference, reuniting with former Dodger owner Dan Topping.
After retiring from pro football, Parker was an assistant football coach at Duke University from 1948 through 1966. He was also Duke's head baseball coach from 1953 through 1966. From 1949 through 1952, Parker was also a player-manager with the semi-pro Durham Bulls. He won Piedmont Manager of the Year honors in 1949 and 1951 and had a record of 303-266 with the Bulls.
Parker went on to scout for the San Francisco 49ers and Arizona Cardinals over the next 30 years.
Parker was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1955, the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame in 1963, the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame in 1972, the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1972, the Duke University Sports Hall of Fame in 1975 and the Hampton Roads Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.
He currently resides in Virginia.
Ken Crippen is the executive director of the Professional Football Researchers Association. He has researched and written about pro football history for over two decades. He won the Pro Football Writers of America's Dick Connor Writing Award for Feature Writing and was named the Ralph Hay Award winner by the Professional Football Researchers Association for lifetime achievement on pro football history. He can be reached on Twitter @KenCrippen.
Follow @footballpost on Twitter for the latest news
This story originally appeared on Nationalfootballpost.com
The latest incarnation of the Grandview-Woodland community plan calls for a mixed-use development that would rise between four to nine storeys at Commercial and Venables.
That is three storeys fewer than the Kettle Friendship Society and Boffo Properties have proposed for the tower on the site, which would have included 30 social housing and 150 to 200 market condos.
The tower has been whittled down after fierce opposition in the Grandview-Woodland neighbourhood, where a No Venables Tower petition has gathered 4,426 signatures. But nine storeys proposed by the city doesn't sit well with the Kettle's Nancy Keough, who said that size won't work without a subsidy.
“We need 12 storeys in the density to make the project self-sustaining,” she said. “(That would) give us the space we need to run our community services and drop-in, and to get 30 affordable housing units. If we can get the extra density and those three extra floors that's added to the draft plan, then we can build our project.”
The Kettle has been on Commercial Drive for four decades, and operates a drop-in centre that serves between 120 and 150 people a day.
It has been working with Boffo on a self-sustaining plan that would build social housing on the lower floors of a new building and condos above. The 12-storey plan would have a budget of about $110 million, but would require no government subsidy. The Kettle has gathered 2,200 signatures on its own petition in support of the project.
The Kettle and Boffo sent their concerns in a letter to city council Tuesday. But the No Venables Tower coalition sent its own letter to the city with an alternative calling for a six storey building on the north part of the site, which is currently a parking lot owned by the city. That would allow 30 units of supportive housing for the Kettle and 21 units of “affordable-family sized rental housing.” The Kettle's service work would be done on the first floor of the structure.
“We believe the city could provide its land on a long-term nominal cost lease, worth $2.6 million,” said the coalition's Barbara Cameron. “The six-storey residential building would be approximately $10 million.”
The southern part of the site is owned by Boffo and Kettle, and the No Tower plan said it could be redeveloped using the existing zoning, which allows for a four storey building.
jmackie@postmedia.com
The Washington Capitals have hired Barry Trotz as their new head coach to start to 2014-15 NHL season. The team also announced that current assistant general manager Brian MacLellan has been promoted to general manager.
Coach Barry Trotz
The 51-year-old Dauphin, Manitoba, native was let go from his previous coaching position with the Nashville Predators after 15 straight seasons behind the team's bench.
Over the course of those 15 seasons in the league, Trotz has put together a combined record of 557-479-60-100 in 1,196 total games coached.
“I am very excited to join the Washington Capitals and want to thank Ted Leonsis, Dick Patrick and Brian MacLellan for this opportunity,” said Trotz in a team release on the hiring. “This is a great organization with a strong foundation and a tremendous fan base. I look forward to working with this group of talented players and the quality front office staff this team has assembled.”
While he is best known for his demanding, defense-first style of play, Trotz has made it clear that he allows the players he is given to dictate the system in which the team's personality is based upon. In Nashville, he explained that their strengths lied in net and on the back end, which is exactly why Trotz put the kind of defensive system in place that he did.
In Washington, this means that a defense-oriented style of play may not be the direction he chooses to go in. With the amount of highly-offensive players throughout the team's roster, a more balanced form of attack and defend game is possible. Successfully securing Trotz was without a doubt the right move for the Capitals.
With Trotz signed to head up D.C.'s next campaign come October, Caps fans should expect nothing less than steady improvement as their new bench boss becomes more familiar with the team at his disposal.
When rumours broke about Trotz's hiring over the weekend, some were concerned with the team hiring a coach before hiring a general manager. Ultimately, it did happen that there was a GM at the helm for this signing, and that GM is already familiar with the Capitals organization.
General Manager Brian MacLellan
MacLellan spent two season's as the Capitals assistant general manager, after spending several years working with the team's AHL-affiliate, the Hershey Bears. MacLellan spent 10 years in the NHL as a player, including winning the 1989 Stanley Cup with the Calgary Flames.
On hiring MacLellan, Capitals owner Ted Leonsis said in a release. “After conducting an extensive search for a general manager, we determined that Brian was the best candidate to help us reach our ultimate goal, winning the Stanley Cup. We have witnessed his abilities firsthand, and we have tremendous respect for how he manages people and situations. We feel he has relevant, in-depth knowledge of the strengths and weaknesses of our franchise and will be forceful in addressing them. Brian always has displayed tremendous professionalism, passion and commitment to the Capitals. He has his own unique approach, and we are confident in his abilities to lead this organization to new heights.”
MacLellan stated that he is looking forward to assuming his new position.
“I am extremely honored and excited about the opportunity I have been given with the Capitals,” said MacLellan in a release. “Over the course of my career I have worked in acquiring the necessary skills to excel in this position. We have built a solid foundation, and I look forward to implementing my ideas to get us back to competing for the Stanley Cup. Also, it is a great pleasure to welcome Barry to Washington as the new head coach of the Capitals. Barry's teams have always played with structure, discipline and intensity, and I look forward to him leading us to success for many years to come.”
For the latest sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Thanks for reading! Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @dasimonetta. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Photo by Frederick Breedon/Getty Images
(Rachel Orr/The Washington Post; iStock)
In thousands and thousands of unmarked cemeteries throughout the South, the gradual decay of human remains forms shallow depressions in the earth. There is no comprehensive list of such sites, and many have been destroyed. Still, in places such as Charlotte and Orange and Bedford and Hendersonville and Tuscaloosa, the ground undulates over those believed to have been slaves.
There are places in the political landscape, too, where the ground shifts ever so slightly, where slavery has warped the electoral terrain.
In the South, it seems, old prejudices have persisted. Southern counties that had more slaves on the eve of the Civil War are distinct from their neighbors: White residents in those areas are more hostile toward African Americans and they are more likely to vote Republican today, new research shows. Drawing on archival Census figures and recent polls, the study adds to an expanding body of evidence on the importance of racial anxiety to the predominantly white Republican coalition.
"The underlying racial hostility goes on in the culture, passed on from generation to generation," said David Sears, a psychologist at the University of California, Los Angeles. "Local culture doesn't change very quickly."
Of course, many things have changed in the South in the century and a half since emancipation. Slavery's lingering political effects are often buried in the data, just as many old graves have been paved over and others are hidden by weeds and brambles.
If you know what to look for, though, you can still see the depressions.
Slavery's crescent
Before the Civil War, the Southern landowners who most relied on slaves lived in a crescent that extended south and west from South Carolina, following the Piedmont through Georgia and Alabama, and then north along the Mississippi River.
This was where Southerners farmed cotton on plantations, between the coast and the rugged terrain of the Appalachians. The crop demanded so much manpower that it would not have been profitable without slavery, said Harvard University's Maya Sen, one of the authors of the study. About 4 million people, or 32 percent of the population, were enslaved in the South in 1860.
Sen and her collaborators, Stanford University's Avidit Acharya and Harvard's Matt Blackwell, argue that slavery and the systems of repression that replaced it after the Civil War continued to shape how white Southerners thought about race for generations to come.
Following emancipation, not only did white Southerners lose the source of their economic power in this region. Given their numbers, the former slaves also threatened to end white political dominance at the polls.
In response, white Southerners in those counties with large black populations found ways of preserving their power over the freed slaves. Soon after the war, for example, former planters developed the system of sharecropping, which allowed them to maintain their control over black labor. It was an improvement over slavery, but it was still a form of peonage. Former slaves, eager to farm for themselves, borrowed their capital from white merchants at usurious rates. Tenants had to give up much of their crop to their creditors and landlords.
[Are smarter people actually less racist?]
Elsewhere in the South, prejudices waned more quickly after the fall of the Confederacy. According to the study, where relatively few former slaves lived, white Southerners had less need for such practices.
In the 20th century, when white Southerners developed new legal and extralegal methods of oppression. The end of Reconstruction allowed white, Democratic governments to disenfranchise black voters and to segregate public spaces. These governments also acquiesced in thousands of lynchings.
Acharya, Blackwell and Sen found that in two otherwise similar counties, a slight difference of 10 percentage points in the enslaved population in 1860 was associated with 1.89 additional lynchings per 100,000 residents in the years between 1882 and 1930. Previous research has shown that lynchings were more frequent when the price of cotton fell, evidence that white Southerners attacked black victims when their economic dominance was threatened.
'It is definitely there'
Today, most of the old plantations have been sold off. Where slaves once picked cotton, there are subdivisions and stadiums. The prejudice, however, remains.
"There are still a lot of people who think blacks are simply inferior to whites," said Roger Ransom, an economic historian at the University of California, Riverside. "It is definitely there, and I don't think it ever went away."
Acharya, Blackwell and Sen examined data on racial attitudes from national polls conducted in 2010 and 2011, using the responses of white participants in the states of the former Confederacy, including West Virginia, as well as Missouri and Kentucky, slave states that did not secede. Those in counties where more slaves lived in 1860 were more likely to hold negative views of African Americans.
For example, they were more likely to disagree with the statement, "Generations of slavery and discrimination have created conditions that make it difficult for Blacks to work their way out of the lower class." They were less likely to support affirmative action. There were many respondents who held similar views living in other counties, too, but the differences were clear when the researchers looked at the results for all of the tens of thousands of Southerners who participated in the polls.
'The party of Lincoln'
Those white Southerners who live where cotton was king are also substantially less likely to identify as Democrats today. Among otherwise similar counties, a difference of 20 percentage points in the enslaved population in 1860 was correlated with a difference of 2.3 percentage points in the share of white Democrats.
Recent research by economists Ilyana Kuziemko and Ebonya Washington suggests that white Southerners who defected from the Democratic party after the civil-rights movement were those with the most conservative views on race. Democrats who held moderate and conservative views on other issues and who lived in other parts of the country largely remained loyal.
Polls consistently show that Republicans are more likely to hold racial prejudices, and not just in the South. Nationally, almost one in five Republicans opposes interracial dating, compared to just one in 20 Democrats, according to the Pew Research Center. While 79 percent of Republicans agree with negative statements about blacks such as the one about slavery and discrimination, just 32 percent of Democrats do, the Associated Press has found.
[How racism explains Republicans' rise in the South]
Conservative leaders argue that Republicans do not exploit racial anxiety to win votes, and that any differences between Republicans and Democrats are coincidental. It could be, for example, that a platform of limited government is naturally more appealing to people who live in sparsely populated areas where independence and autonomy are valued, and that people who live there also hold more intense biases for historical reasons.
"This party does not prey on people's prejudices. We appeal to their highest ideals," Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), the speaker of the House, told reporters Tuesday. "This is the party of Lincoln."
Speaking as voters in 13 states cast their ballots on Super Tuesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said potential Republican presidential nominees must reject any group "built on bigotry." (Reuters)
Prejudices and ideals
Other research, however, suggests that the party does benefit from racial antipathy.
Sears of the University of California has found that even among white voters with equally conservative views on issues unrelated to race, those with more negative views about African Americans are more likely to vote Republican. He and Michael Tesler, a political scientist at the University of California, Irvine, showed that there were many racially conservative white voters who supported John Kerry and President Clinton when they were candidates, but who voted against President Obama.
"The conservatives say, 'Well, we just like small government down here.' Well, why? Why is that?" Sears asked.
Sears said that white Republicans have a wide range of reasons for supporting their candidates, and that the "ideals" Ryan mentioned are deeply important to many such voters.
At the same time, Sears suggested that GOP doctrine on the importance of personal responsibility, together with elevated rates of black poverty and unemployment, help some Republicans rationalize their belief that people of color are inferior -- beliefs they probably developed in childhood.
In general, there is evidence that children receive their racial prejudices from their parents, as well as the other adults in the communities in which they live. The three political scientists examined data from a national survey of high school seniors first conducted in 1965, which found that the students' feelings about race were closely correlated with those of their parents.
Those statistics didn't change at all in 1997, when surveyors talked to the former students again. In other words, adults' feelings about race were still influenced by how they grew up after their 50th birthdays, even during a period when attitudes toward race in society at large were liberalizing rapidly.
"I grow up with this kind of negative feeling toward blacks, maybe disgust or repulsion," Sears said . "The culture gives me the reasons why I feel that way, provides the justifications."
Blackwell, one of the authors, agreed. "People in general tend to think of their views as their own, conclusions that they came to after thinking long and hard about the facts," he said. "There's sufficient evidence out there to show that's not the way people have come to form beliefs about the world and about politics, in general."
[What social science tells us about racism in the Republican party]
The new study does not provide direct evidence that those white Southerners are more likely to vote Republican because Republican politicians appeal to their racial anxieties. Rather, it suggests that racial biases along with political beliefs are transmitted from one generation to another as part of the overall culture of a particular place.
"If you think back to that culture, the role of slavery, the role of racial hierarchy, the role of racial hostility was so powerfully embedded," Sears said.
Slavery's legacy
Recently, researchers working around the world have been discovering that a society's fears, anxieties and hatreds have remarkable longevity.
In Africa, the descendants of those tribes who suffered most under the slave trade are more likely to be mistrustful today. In Germany, the Nazi Party won a larger share of the vote in cities where Christians had blamed Jews for the Black Death and massacred them six centuries earlier, researchers found.
Together, these results suggests that societies can be scarred and traumatized, like people. For psychologists, political scientists and pundits who hope to understand why voters do what they do, these findings argue for paying a little more attention to history.
After all, slavery's enduring legacy is evident not only in statistics on black poverty and education. The institution continues to influence how white Southerners think and feel about race -- and how they vote. Slavery still divides the American people.
"When we study public opinion, we tend to focus on the now," Sen said. "These political attitudes really can persist over generations, and last an incredibly long time."
More from Wonkblog:
I dare you to read this and still feel good about tipping
The most racist places in America, according to Google
Bernie Sanders' reparations problem
SAD=> Golden Globes Host Jimmy Fallon Takes 3 Swipes at Trump in first 4 Minutes of Show (VIDEO)
Late night host Jimmy Fallon was host of the Golden Globes Award tonight in Hollywood.
It took Fallon not quite one minute to take his first swipe at Donald Trump.
This is the Golden Globes one of the few places left where America still honors the popular vote.
His next swipe at Trump came 3 minutes and thirty seconds into the monologue.
The film Florence Foster Jenkins is nominated. The character has been dubbed the world's worst opera singer. And even she turned down performing at Donald Trump's inauguration.
The next Trump ‘joke' was 20 seconds later.
Of course, the ballots for tonight's Golden Globes was tabulated by the accounting firm of Earnest and Young and Putin.
Ba-da-bing!
And that was the first three and a half minutes of the show.
RT musicnews_facts: Jimmy Fallon's opening monologue. This was too good 😂 #GoldenGlobes pic.twitter.com/QTfWFyA3XH — Wilmer Paz (@Wilmer_Pazz) January 9, 2017
Zzzz. Took Fallon less than two mins to make an anti-Trump election joke. Numbers 2, 3 & 4 in first 8 mins. #GoldenGlobes — Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) January 9, 2017
Make you love even stronger with Love Quotes
Feb 17th 2016 at 2:04 PM
Love quotes for sweetening your Love life
It always takes a lot of effort and maintenance to have a good and successful relationship or marriage. With lack of proper nurturing you may find your relationship being boring or monotonous. You may start feeling that the feelings for your significant other is getting less or you guys are not enjoying with each other anymore the way you used to do.
It's very natural that we love to be reminded every time that we are loved and cared. Your loving activities and your sweet words can bring joy or even make their day. Trust me the words are so powerful! There are so many loving and caring quotes for couples that can make your soul mate very cheerful and happy that nothing else could.
I hope you will also admit that, it's the words that play a very vital role in your relationship. These are the words that are responsible to keep your better half close to your heart or make them go away. If you say nice and romantic words to your lover, they certainly bring a very precious smile on their face. These uttered words can make them happy even when you are not around.
However, it often happens to many of us that we don't find the proper words to express our love and affection to our partner. Well, If it's the problem then I would say it's not really a problem, because love quotes are there to help. You will be amazed to see, so many love quotes say the exact thing you have been trying to say or express the same emotion that you have been feeling.
Wondering where you will find perfect love quotes for him or her ?
Well, I guess many of you know the answer. It's Google search. There are thousands of Romantic love quotes and saying for him or her. All you got to do is going through some of the love quotes you find on top of Google search. I am sure you will find your desired love quotes after you go through few of them.
Facebook pages is another very good source for love and romantic quotes. Subscribe to some of the good facebook pages that publish love quotes on a daily basis and keep stealing those words to say your soul mate.
Here are some Good Love quotes for your Better half. Hope you will love them.
Quotes Source: Howtogetridoff.com
Setting up an appointment may sound easy but once you get to be the person on the phone, talking to the customers might not sound like what you expected. However, there are tips to effectively set an appointment.
A Call Always Work Out With a Plan
Most call centers follow a call flow, in order to take control of the call. A call flow is mainly a checklist of all the necessary and relevant information that must be shared to the customers. And most importantly the list should include the order of how the conversation should flow that way the call is organized and not stray too much off of the topic.
Smile through your Voice
When talking to a person face-to-face, if you want them to listen to you, you smile. You want to sound and look friendly. Over the phone, you can't see the customers; however smiling will still make you sound friendly. It is easier to communicate if the line is clear and effortless. Make them feel comfortable with the conversation. If you sound nice it is easy to convince people.
Impress the Customer
Every sales call is like a meal, there has to be a sumptuous and tempting main course. In a sales call you have to have an offer that a customer can't say no to. The tricky part is how to build up the offer while mostly the first part of the call would include resistant from the customer. Engage them first with the benefits and then impress them with the offer. The offer mainly will be the reason why you are making a call to set up the appointment.
Engage on a Conversation
When on a call, you don't always talk, you also listen. Sounding pleasant and interested in what the customer has to say always helps a conversation to flow spontaneously. However, remember to keep the conversation on topic as much as possible without sounding uninterested. Don't forget to explain the reason of calling, in a clear manner. The duration of the appointment is a necessary mention since most people value their time. The technique in leading a good conversation is to ask open ended questions, paraphrase their answers and affirm it to them so they'll pick up the habit of saying yes.
Don't Be Discouraged by a No
Giving up is a phrase that must not exist in appointment setting. Every call must be separated from each other; after all it was a different person at the receiving end. If a prospect says no, always evaluate what part of the call did not go well and work on it and use it if a similar situation happens again. Be positive and get positive results after.
God in London
Christians could be a minority by 2018, census analysis reveals. So read The Guardian headline, two weeks before Christmas. By no means the first such prominently-featured title of its kind, I took a second look, wondering if I was seeing things. Fortunately, I wasn't. Not that I have anything against Christians. But, the idea that there could be a Western country in which Christianity is on the decline, is a novel one. Especially considering the extent to which, for Americans, the faith is synonymous with Evangelical Protestantism and rightwing politics.
“China was great,” a queer friend from Texas once told me, upon his return from an academic conference in Beijing. “It's really the first place I've ever been where there's no Christianity.” Though the religion is in fact growing in the Communist state, there was a lot of truth to what he was saying. Christianity does not inform Chinese culture in the same ways we encounter it in the West, even in European countries (like the United Kingdom) which have not witnessed religious revivals, such as those which periodically take place in the United States. Considering the extent to which homophobia is rampant in American Protestant circles, the hint of secularism, however construed, can be revelatory. Even in states not known for celebrating same-sex relations, like the People's Republic of China.
Thus, it should come as no surprise that the United Kingdom is moving towards legalizing same-sex marriage before the United States. Especially under the auspices of a Tory-led coalition government. Despite the fact that David Cameron is open to outreach from Christian conservatives, the kind of intolerance, found in the United States, that would inhibit a government like his from considering the option, does not exist to the same degree in Great Britain. Nor does it necessarily have the same kinds of political consequences, either.
This said, that doesn't mean that there aren't rightists who want to roll gay rights back, because there are . It just means that the cultural consensus is not necessarily in their favor, as their American counterparts might be better able to claim. The declining influence of religion, in British public life, plays an enormous role in this. Though one would not characterize the Prime Minister as liberal, it's an aspect of the zeitgeist that he can't ignore, either.
Still, there's something troubling about the triumphalism with which atheism is promoted in the UK. Not all religious persons are politically conservative. Similarly, there's a cultural specificity to religion criticism, which suggests that the problems one associates with conservative Christianity are difficulties universal to religious belief in general. Meaning, in this context, all of the faith traditions of Great Britain, such as Judaism, and the country's fastest growing religion, Islam. Indeed, there is a hint of elitism about it, which, distressingly, compromises the ideals often associated with being non-religious, such as open-mindedness and egalitarianism,
Sadly, this aspect of atheism is also a sign of the times. Its aristocratic vibe reflects, largely, the fact that secularism tends to be a more obvious reflection of affluence. Considering the high degree of religiosity amongst immigrant communities in the UK – religious Muslims from South Asia, church-going Christians from Central Africa, many of whom are struggling to emerge from the lower rungs of Britain's economic ladder – the picture becomes that much clearer. Should Britain's secularizing trend continue, faith commitments will become an even greater class signifier. For worse, I think, considering heightened hostilities towards immigration, due to the worsening economic crisis.
Photographs courtesy of the author
Recent legislative struggles around public restrooms and transgender rights have been so contentious they made Caitlyn Jenner have to pee. She posted a video of herself walking into the women's restroom at Trump Tower. “Not anymore!” she says as she passes the men's room.
Needing a bathroom break is basic biology—Caitlyn even posted her video with the hashtag #everyonehastopee. But as the science of transgenderism advances, it seems that being transgender is basic biology, too.
See Also: Transgender 101: 6 Essential Questions and Answers
Usually, when we ask questions along the lines of “why are people the way they are,” the answer falls somewhere between “nature” and “nurture.” Being transgender, however, seems not to be one of these things. While the research is still in its infancy, so far, the answer is overwhelmingly: nature. How do we know? While the biological basis of transgenderism is still being uncovered, there are some leads hotter than Lea T's outfits.
Buy Now
One recent finding is that anatomical sex, gender identity, and sexual orientation are all determined in the womb. Everything is set before birth and in sequence. Sexual anatomy happens first, in the first six weeks of development. But once anatomy is settled, there's a big time lag—until about six months gestation—before the brain masculinizes or feminizes. At that point, if exposed to a testosterone surge, a fetal brain's nerve cells develop in a male direction—a male gender identity. In the absence of such a surge, the brain develops in a female direction—female gender identity. And last but not least, sometime between six months and delivery, sexual orientation is set in the brain through an as-yet unknown combination of genetics, hormones, and the uterine environment.
So why don't genitals always match the brain? The definitive answer is still beyond the reach of science, but there are three factors that may determine where one falls on the gender identity spectrum:
Pages
Andrew Bacevich, a foreign affairs specialist at Boston UniversityA retired American colonel and prominent academic is calling for U.S. president-elect Barack Obama to reconsider his plans to expand his country's military mission in Afghanistan.Andrew Bacevich, a foreign affairs specialist at Boston University, said the U.S. and allies like Canada should start to withdraw from the war-torn country because it "simply does not make sense" to stay.Appearing on CTV's Question Period Sunday, he said the original objective of the mission was to make sure the region does not become a breeding ground for Al Qaeda terrorists, who could then have a safe haven to launch attacks on the West.Bacevich said that now the Taliban has been forced out of power, there is really no need for Western countries to stay in the country and try to make it into a modern democracy."Our interests there are very limited. As long as Afghanistan is not a sanctuary for terrorists that have the aim and capability to attack us in the West, we don't really care that much about what happens in that country," he said."We don't have to create a modern, coherent, Afghan nation-state in order to achieve those limited interests. The great defect, I think, of Western policy over the last few years is to assume that we have to create a modern Afghan nation state where none has ever existed."Obama has said he wants to refocus America's military attention on Afghanistan as the U.S. plans to reduce its military presence in Iraq. He has suggested that as many as 30,000 more U.S. troops could head to Afghanistan within the year.Bacevich said that doesn't make sense during the current economic crisis, especially when the U.S. is projecting a deficit topping $1 trillion. He said the U.S. and other Western nations can fight terrorism without being in Afghanistan."We're in the midst of the worst economic downturn in this country (the U.S.) since the Great Depression, and that economic downturn is affecting Canada (and it) will continue to affect Canada," he said. "The truth is that we don't have the money to sustain misguided foreign policy initiatives."Bacevich added that it is "incumbent on us to spend our national security dollars wisely."He said the bulk of the burden in Afghanistan is being carried by the U.S., Canada and Britain, because NATO is not the cohesive organization it was during the Cold War."I would go back and emphasize that Canadian power and, I think, Canadian political will is limited. But it's time for those of us on this side of the border to recognize that American power and American will is also limited," he said.------------------------------------------------------------
Dean Heller has a terrible choice ahead of him.
Nevada senator Dean Heller is having a pretty miserable day. First Heller's amendment expressing symbolic support for maintaining Medicaid funding failed by a vote of 10-90. Then on Wednesday night, this happened:
Group of 10 bipartisan governors urges the Senate to the "skinny repeal" bill. pic.twitter.com/0U2sfZDR3g — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) July 27, 2017
Obviously this does not bode well for the GOP's effort to pass “skinny repeal,” which would eliminate Obamacare's individual and employer mandates, as well as the medical-device tax. But it could be fatal to the GOP repeal push due to one name on the list: Republican Nevada governor Brian Sandoval.
Earlier in the day, Heller indicated he would support “skinny repeal” as long as it doesn't include cuts to Medicaid (though, he's rightly worried that House Republicans would just attack Medicaid once it's in a conference committee). “We'll see at the end of the day what's in it, but overall I think I'd support it,” Heller said.
Governors and senators disagree all the time, but the split between Heller and Sandoval could be hugely significant. When Heller announced his opposition to a previous GOP bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, he repeatedly cited Sandoval's disapproval.
“If you want my support (on repealing Obamacare) … you better make sure that the Republican governors that have expanded Medicaid sign off on it,” Heller said at the press conference. “I've been saying that for months […] Where is Governor Sandoval? What does he think?”
Back in June, Jon Ralston, the influential editor of the Nevada Independent, told Slate he wasn't surprised that Heller — the most vulnerable Republican senator up for reelection in 2018 — sided with his state's popular governor over his Senate colleagues:
He tethered himself to the most popular elected official in Nevada, who was the first Republican governor to expand Medicaid, and has hyped that ever since as putting hundreds of thousands of Nevadans on the rolls who otherwise would not be. Heller, not surprisingly, kept saying in the run-up to that news conference that he wanted to consult with the governor and see what the governor thinks. Heller is so vulnerable — he is the only Republican incumbent running in a state won by Hillary Clinton — and his numbers are terrible, and the health care bill's numbers are terrible. I think the political calculus was pretty obvious.
But then, according to the New York Times, President Trump had his two pals Sheldon Adelson and Steve Wynn — the billionaire casino moguls and major GOP benefactors — call Heller to register their displeasure.
Whatever bill materializes in the next few days, Republicans can only afford two defections. Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski voted against even starting debate on the health bill, so there's a good chance they'll oppose “skinny repeal,” too. It may all come down to whether Heller decides to stand by Nevada's popular Republican governor or its wealthiest donors.
Most consumer tech manufacturers figure that once a hacker can physically access a device, there's not much left that can be done to defend it. But a group of researchers known as the Exploitee.rs say that giving up too soon leaves devices susceptible to hardware attacks that can lead to bigger problems. Hardware hack techniques, like a flash memory attack they developed, can facilitate the discovery of software bugs that not only expose the one hacked device, but every other unit of that model.
The group, which includes the hackers Zenofex, 0x00string, and maximus64_, presented their flash memory hack this week at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas. On Saturday, they built on it at DefCon by presenting 22 zero-day (previously undisclosed) exploits in a range of consumer products—mainly home automation and Internet of Things devices—a number of which they discovered using that hack.
"We [wanted] to get this technique into the hands of more people, because there are so many more devices out there that nobody's looking at," that have the susceptible type of flash memory, says CJ Heres, a hardware hacker in the Exploitee.rs group. "And manufacturers are still releasing things using this. It's still a very prevalent flash type."
Tinker, Hacker, Solder, Spy
On many devices, all it takes to access everything stored on the flash memory chip is a $10 SD card reader, some wire, and some soldering experience. The researchers focus on a type of memory called eMMC flash, because they can access it cheaply and easily by connecting to just five pins (electrical connections). By soldering five wires to the chip—a command line, a clock line, a data line, a power line, and a ground—they can get read/write access that lets them exfiltrate data and start reprogramming to eventually control the whole device.
This process could theoretically work on any digital device that uses flash memory, but most types would require interfacing with more pins than eMMC does, and many necessitate specialized readers and protocols to gain access. "For the most common types of memory, most people don't want to open things up, solder to them, do all that kind of stuff, because it's kind of a giant mess," Heres says. "But with eMMC you can do it with five wires. Of course, the soldering is a little difficult, but totally doable. It's not 40 or 50 wires."
Some data recovery services already use that method to help customers retrieve their information from broken devices, but it isn't widely known.
The Exploitee.rs
Once the five wires are in place on the flash memory chip, the researchers found that they could easily connect them to virtually any cheap and widely available SD card reader, because eMMC flash is a sort of cousin of SD cards, and uses similar protocols. As a result, once you hook the eMMC flash to the SD card reader, you can plug into a computer like normal. From there, a hacker can take copies of the operating system, firmware, and software of the chip, and start looking for software vulnerabilities in the code.
In a Flash
It might all sound a bit niche, but eMMC flash is used in many cell phones, tablets, set-top boxes, televisions, smart home devices like refrigerators, and even automotive tech. Heres notes, for example, that the Samsung Galaxy S2, S3, S4, and S5 all used eMMC flash, totaling about 125 million units sold among those models. And the zero-day vulnerabilities the group presented exist in some well-known devices, like the Amazon Tap, VIZIO's P60UI smart TV, and the Cujo smart firewall.
Exploitee.rs often works with companies to do official disclosures and encourage patching, but for DefCon the group took the controversial step of first announcing their vulnerabilities live on stage; many of the companies have not yet had an opportunity to respond or patch the flaws. "We will be releasing all the vulnerabilities during the presentation as 0days to give attendees the ability to go home and unlock their hardware prior to patches being released," the group wrote.
Often most of a devices's high-level software is encrypted and secure, Heres says, but by analyzing the firmware (the fundamental code layer that coordinates the hardware and the software) the researchers often find undisclosed backdoors or other bugs with their flash technique. And some systems don't encrypt thoroughly enough, enabling the group to go through most or all of the data stored in the memory to find even more holes.
"Getting that information out alone usually informs enough to give us the insight to find another bug, because instead of looking at a black box you have a bunch of data," Heres says. "Most manufacturers think if you have physical access it's game over, but that's just more of a reason to push for encrypted data and encryption as a whole, because if these things are encrypted it makes it a lot harder [for an attacker]."
Physical access is still a difficult thing to defend against, but manufacturers can make it more difficult for attackers to find generalizable flaws by taking more steps to lock down flash memory, from making the chips harder to physically interface with, to comprehensively encrypting software on the chip. This round of vulnerabilities has caught them by surprise; the next one shouldn't.
Torrent Bay
Rākauroa / Torrent Bay is a bay in Abel Tasman National Park, New Zealand.
Torrent Bay was named by French explorer Dumont D'Urville during his exploration and mapping of this area of New Zealand in 1827. The area was surveyed as a village in the 1920s. When Abel Tasman National Park was formed in 1942, the village was not included in the Park, so remains as a village of holiday houses on privately owned land within the National Park. As part of the Motueka Ward of the Tasman District Council, land is of freehold title and can be onsold and built on, within strict building codes and resource consents. There is no road access, and no electricity but there is a water supply to most properties. There is a small camping area but most accommodation is in private holiday homes. There is one Lodge operated as accommodation for walkers and kayakers on commercial trips with Wilsons Abel Tasman. Access to Torrent Bay is through a walking track from Marahau, or by boat from one of the many water taxi services operating in the area. Kayak tours are also available.
The bay is fed by the waters of the short Torrent River and the smaller Tregidga Creek.
In August 2014, the name of the bay was officially altered to Rākauroa / Torrent Bay.[1]
Torrent Bay Beach
Torrent Bay Estuary
References [ edit ]
^ "NZGB decisions". Land Information New Zealand. August 2014. Archived from the original on 21 November 2015 .
Coordinates:
FBI Director James B. Comey's remarks Tuesday about Hillary Clinton's email use while she was secretary of state directly contradicted much of what Clinton had said publicly about the issue.
Here's how Comey's statements stack up against Clinton's explanations.
Did Clinton send or receive classified material using her private setup?
FBI Director James Comey said on July 5 that Hillary Clinton should not be charged for her use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state. Here's what he said, in three minutes. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
What Clinton said:
March 10, 2015: “I did not email any classified material to anyone on my email.”
July 2, 2016: “Let me repeat what I have repeated for many months now. I never received nor sent any material that was marked classified.”
What Comey said:
“These [classified] chains involved Secretary Clinton both sending e-mails about those matters and receiving e-mails from others about the same matters. There is evidence to support a conclusion that any reasonable person in Secretary Clinton's position, or in the position of those government employees with whom she was corresponding about these matters, should have known that an unclassified system was no place for that conversation.
“None of these e-mails should have been on any kind of unclassified system, but their presence is especially concerning because all of these e-mails were housed on unclassified personal servers not even supported by full-time security staff, like those found at Departments and Agencies of the U.S. Government — or even with a commercial service like Gmail.”
Were the emails classified at the time they were sent, or were they deemed classified only later by government bureaucrats?
What Clinton said:
March 9, 2016: “What you are talking about is retroactive classification. And the reason that happens is when somebody asks or when you are asked to make information public, I asked all my emails to be made public. Then all the rest of the government gets to weigh in.”
What Comey said:
“From the group of 30,000 e-mails returned to the State Department, 110 e-mails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received. Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent; 36 chains contained Secret information at the time; and eight contained Confidential information, which is the lowest level of classification.
Separate from those, about 2,000 additional e-mails were up-classified to make them Confidential; the information in those had not been classified at the time the e-mails were sent.”
Did the emails contain markings demonstrating that they contained classified material?
What Clinton said:
From Clinton campaign's “facts about Hillary Clinton's emails” website: “No information in Clinton's emails was marked classified at the time she sent or received them.”
What Comey said:
“Only a very small number of the e-mails containing classified information bore markings indicating the presence of classified information. But even if information is not marked ‘classified' in an e-mail, participants who know or should know that the subject matter is classified are still obligated to protect it.”
Was the server ever hacked or otherwise subject to foreign intrusion?
What Clinton said:
March 10, 2015: “There were no security breaches.”
Campaign fact sheet: “There is no evidence there was ever a breach.”
What Comey said:
“We did not find direct evidence that Secretary Clinton's personal e-mail domain, in its various configurations since 2009, was successfully hacked. But, given the nature of the system and of the actors potentially involved, we assess that we would be unlikely to see such direct evidence.
We do assess that hostile actors gained access to the private commercial e-mail accounts of people with whom Secretary Clinton was in regular contact from her personal account. We also assess that Secretary Clinton's use of a personal e-mail domain was both known by a large number of people and readily apparent. She also used her personal e-mail extensively while outside the United States, including sending and receiving work-related e-mails in the territory of sophisticated adversaries. Given that combination of factors, we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton's personal e-mail account.”
Did Clinton turn over all of her work-related correspondence?
What Clinton said:
August 8, 2015, court filing: “I, Hillary Rodham Clinton, declare under penalty of perjury that the following is true and correct . . . I have directed all my e-mails on clintonemail.com in my custody that were or potentially were federal records be provided to the Department of State and on information and belief, this has been done.”
What Comey said:
“The FBI also discovered several thousand work-related e-mails that were not in the group of 30,000 that were returned by Secretary Clinton to State in 2014. . . . I should add here that we found no evidence that any of the additional work-related e-mails were intentionally deleted in an effort to conceal them.”
How thoroughly was Clinton's correspondence reviewed to determine which emails were work-related and which were purely personal and could be deleted?
What Clinton said:
Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill to Time Magazine, March 14, 2015: “Every one of the more than 60,000 emails were read. Period.”
What Comey said:
“The lawyers doing the sorting for Secretary Clinton in 2014 did not individually read the content of all of her e-mails, as we did for those available to us; instead, they relied on header information and used search terms to try to find all work-related e-mails among the reportedly more than 60,000 total e-mails remaining on Secretary Clinton's personal system in 2014.”
Was the FBI conducting a criminal investigation?
What Clinton said:
Feb. 4, 2016: “This is a security review that was requested. It is being carried out. It will be resolved.”
Clinton campaign fact sheet: “As the Department of Justice and Inspectors General made clear, the IGs made a security referral. This was not criminal in nature as misreported by some in the press. The Department of Justice is now seeking assurances about the storage of materials related to Clinton's email account.”
What Comey said:
“The investigation began as a referral from the Intelligence Community Inspector General in connection with Secretary Clinton's use of a personal e-mail server during her time as Secretary of State. The referral focused on whether classified information was transmitted on that personal system.
“Our investigation looked at whether there is evidence classified information was improperly stored or transmitted on that personal system, in violation of a federal statute making it a felony to mishandle classified information either intentionally or in a grossly negligent way, or a second statute making it a misdemeanor to knowingly remove classified information from appropriate systems or storage facilities.”
What conclusion should be drawn about the decision to use a private server?
What Clinton said:
March 9, 2016: “It wasn't the best choice. I made a mistake. It was not prohibited. It was not in any way disallowed. And as I have said and as now has come out, my predecessors did the same thing and many other people in the government.”
What Comey said:
“Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.”
A fresh release of emails, documents and photos was dumped onto online messageboard 4chan late this morning in the latest leak to hit Emmanuel Macron's campaign ahead of France's second round of presidential elections. The release purports to contain content from Macron and various staff members.
Files from the release are reported to have been sent to members of Chicago Hacking Conference THOTCON, who have verified their authenticity. Analysts who examined portions of the release say that the owners of the email accounts were practicing very poor security and appeared to have been targeted by a number of hacking methods, including spearphishing and bruteforce attacks. Staff members whose emails are contained in the leak include Quentin Lafay, Alain Torret and Pierre Person, among others. The cache of documents appears to be incredibly large and contains emails spanning back to over a decade ago in addition to financial data. The original leaker of the emails is currently unknown.
Document publisher Wikileaks has tweeted that they are aware of the release and are working to verify its contents, which they report has over 9Gb of data in total, with the most recent document dated April 24th, 2017. Wikileaks speculated about who might benefit from the leak, as it comes too late to influence the impending French presidential election, but could be used to boost hostility towards Russia and spending on intelligence capabilities. The leak is described as “significant.” Due to the massive size of the dump, Wikileaks has stated it would be economically unfeasible to fabricate the entirety of the release.
Reuters has reported that the Macron campaign has confirmed they were the victims of a hacking attack. En Marche has said the emails are a mix of legitimate and faked documents. However, Wikileaks has cast doubts on this claim, noting that they have yet to find a single example of forged content in the release.
Rebel Media's Washington Bureau Chief Jack Posobiec has claimed that early discoveries in the cache may show the Macron campaign and French National Police discussing means to infiltrate protest groups using militant tactics and banners, though it is unclear what the writers of the message meant by this.
Share this: Tweet
Print
More
HEX Update – Building Arena
Hi HEXers. This weekend, we've once again made the Arena test server available for play. It'll be up until Saturday evening PST, with the big load testing free tournament starting on Saturday at Noon [Worldclock]. For more information about the Arena test server and the free tournament, check out our announcement.
While you take a break from your battles, R&D's Ryan Sutherland looks back on his first big task on the HEX team—the creation of the Arena decks.
Building the Bosses
“High in the Hyperborean Mountains lies an Arena fit for only the bravest of adventurers. Built by an order of all-powerful of ancient mages.”
Okay, well, maybe the bit about all powerful ancient mages is a bit of an exaggeration, considering I was there for the majority of the Frost Ring's construction, but hey a game designer can dream right? My name is Ryan Sutherland, one of the designers on HEX, although for this project, I spent the majority of my time helping to develop the Frost Ring experience. Today I'll be telling you about those early days of designing and playtesting the Arena, and we how we transformed a box full of playtest decks into Hogarth's Frost Ring.
The Frost Ring, was first big project I worked on under the HEX umbrella. While the creative team was busy concocting the man behind the arena and the rest of the PVE team was tuning systems, Jason Zila and I were building all of the decks that would populate it. We knew that this would be the first toe dip for players into all of the PVE that we have planned for HEX. In that, there were significant challenges that we faced when making sure that we would offer a compelling experience. We wanted to make sure that you'd come back to Arena time and time again because you wanted to see everything it had to offer.
We wanted to make sure that we got the most out of every deck we built, so that you don't feel like you're facing off against a bunch of cloned decks. Luckily, it turns out that when lead PVP designer Ben Stoll was building Shards of Fate and Shattered Destiny, he provided a wide variety of directions to go in for our base decks. Take three of our wild decks: Moon'airu Sensei, a Blood/Wild Tunneling themed deck, Seaweed Behemoth, a Sapphire/Wild charge themed deck and Avalanche Giant, a Ruby/Wild deck themed around Crush. While they all share the same base shard, they all provide a wildly different experience in the game.
There's a large difference from making the most streamlined deck for a tournament rather than decks that are thematic, varied and fun to play against. As easy as it would have been to throw the most powerful cards into a bunch of decks and call it a day, they wouldn't necessarily make for the most compelling gameplay. This is especially true when you step back and consider the wide gamut of players we serve. Our primary goal is to make the game fun for all players. Arena presents a variety of challenges, and therefore each boss presents a different puzzle to solve both in play and deck construction. For example, you'll have to adapt your troop strategies as you won't just play against Murder—you'll see Inner Conflict, Buccaneer, Shatter Shield, Survival of the Fittest, Turbulence, and Feeding the Young Ones. We also love that you'll see different card synergies, combos that you wouldn't see in more streamlined, focused competitive Constructed decks. Maybe you'll be inspired by one and build your own deck around it.
Once we had the variety pinned down, we set our sights on the series of bosses that would cap each tier. While the number of tiers we wanted to include fluctuated at different points in the development process, we knew we wanted to have the leaders of our races to serve as our gatekeepers between each tier and tie them to the thematics of what each represents in Entrath. I remember being assigned King Gabriel and knowing that I wanted to make sure that his deck featured every Inspire troop we had in the game. Gabriel and his subjects—and entire kingdom— uniting to defeat, well, us. As a contrast as to how the human ruler would fight in the Arena, I also worked on Xarlox who is attacking you both through his troops and by sabotaging your deck with his own Terrorantula eggs. A truly Vennen war style.
One of my best memories of building the Arena was when we were informed that we were going to add in a deck for Princess Cory himself. Jason and I helped Cory pick out his favorite cards from the first sets and when we had it laid out in front of us I asked Jason, “How is Princess Cory ever going to win?” I quickly offered to play as the player challenger for this matchup, because the deck appeared a mess, since it was a hodgepodge of rares from all shards, many of which had their own strategy that didn't necessarily have a lot of synergies. After all, it's not generally advisable that you get to throw Pack Raptor, The Kraken, and Extinction into the same deck and go crazy. A few hours and a dozen games later, I looked at Jason, feeling utterly defeated, and asked “How is Princess Cory ever going to lose?” It turned out that by giving Cory all the thresholds by default and allowing him to attack the player through a dozen different avenues, he may be chaotic, but that chaos proved to be its own strategy.
By the time that we were happy with each deck, we knew more about Hogarth, the crazed mage who ran the Frost Ring. We couldn't just leave this guy sitting on the sidelines. At that point we came up with the Arena challenges, which added in an additional layer of variety to our Frost Ring. Arena challenges are a variety of ways Hogarth puts a new spin on an encounter. His arena, his rules. Sometimes it's impartial, such as starting the game with an Inferno in play. Sometimes Hogarth is much more diabolical, giving the Arena a distinct edge against the player. However, if the player is able to succeed, Hogarth rewards them with a bonus against the next opponent. The beauty of this is that you'll never know when the next challenge is going to come, and who knows what Hogarth has up his sleeve.
The first time we tested this system, the PVE boss was Construct Foreman, a deck that relishes in its opponents drawing cards and the challenge was that the Arena started with Cerebral Fulmination in play. I was playing as the Arena and I just cackled, quite like Hogarth, and knew we might be on to something.
When at last I got a chance to play on our test servers with the awesome new battle board and all of the iced champions, it felt fantastic seeing it all come together. After spending countless hours playing through the Frost Ring both in person and through our development and test servers, the most gratifying part of this project has been watching members of the community see the Arena's various challenges for the first time and all of the decks they've been dreaming up with equipment to take it down.
Until next time, stay frosty.
FiveShards Ruby Cup, February 14-15
The third in the Shard Cup tournament series—the Ruby Cup—will happenFebruary 14-15th. The tournament is free and players will compete for over 500 booster packs, signed copies of a newly-released book, primal packs, cup points for an exclusive end-of-season tournament, and other prizes. The tournament will also offer free door prizes that you can win just by participating. Find out all you need to know about the tournament here: http://fiveshards.com/ruby-cup/
VIP Next Weekend
If you missed out on your chance to win alternate art Goremaster and Succulent Cluckadon last month, next weekend is your chance! This month's format is Sealed Deck, so you'll build your deck from six booster packs, 4 Shattered Destiny and 2 Shards of Fate. All start times are listed in Pacific, so check your local time here: [Worldclock]
Sealed Deck Entry Fee: VIP ticket + 1,400 plats or 6 packs + 200 plats
Friday: 10:00 AM, 7:00 PM
Saturday: 3:00 AM, 11:00 AM, 6:00 PM
Sunday: 9:00 AM
Players: 16 minimum – 128 maximum
Format: 4 rounds of Swiss
Prizes:
4 wins: 10 packs / 2 Goremaster AA / 2 Succulent Cluckodon AA / 70,000 gold
3 wins: 8 packs / 1 Goremaster AA / 1 Succulent Cluckodon AA / 35,000 gold
2 wins: 4 packs / 1 Goremaster AA / 1 Succulent Cluckodon AA / 20,000 gold
1 win: 2 packs / 10,000 gold
0 wins: 1 pack / 5,000 gold
Ghostbusters
This week, Cryptozoic launched the Ghostbusters board game to much fanfare and support. We here at HEX are super excited about the game and the people who worked on the project. A big ‘thank you' goes out to everyone who came to Wednesday game night to help test, backed it, and/or shared the Kickstarter with their friends. Cory has written up a short piece about what Ghostbusters mean to him.
I love Ghostbusters so much! I can vividly remember seeing it for the first time. Dropped off at the mall with a friend, pizza by the slice from the place next to Hot Dog on a Stick, couple of games of Punch Out at the arcade… then off to the movies.
Going into it I was pretty excited. I am a bit of a comedy nerd, I endlessly listen to stand up, and it started with SNL. I would sneak out of my room as a little kid and watch it as my dad slept on the couch, so by the time Ghostbusters rolled around I was already a very big fan of both Bill Murray and Dan Aykroyd. On top of that, horror comedy is BY FAR my favorite genre of movie: Shaun of the Dead, Beetlejuice, Addams Family, and on and on. The spooky creepy thematic of horror married to the fun of comedy for me is the perfect combo.
Ghostbusters was a revelation, before that horror comedies were pretty slim pickings. Creepshow and American Werewolf in London were good, but the “comedy” side of those was pretty slim and the “horror” of something like Young Frankenstein was just not doing it. For me, Ghostbusters was the first REAL horror/comedy that offered both parts in high quality. Ghostbusters set the stage for some of my favorite films and will always be one of my favorites.
Having the chance to launch a Ghostbusters game is a huge honor and one of the things I am most proud of is that Cryptozoic is a part of it. The Cryptozoic team has done a tremendous job crafting a VERY fun game and the attention to detail on every bit and piece of the miniatures is really phenomenal. Beyond the game, the entire CZE team has put a ton of work into the Kickstarter campaign. Kickstarter and miniatures are a very interesting match, as it allows the game maker to understand the volume of minis being created and use that to the gamer's advantage (by adding more and more content into the product as the level of backing increases, this can lead to a really amazing value for the backer).
If you're a fan of Ghostbusters, I hope you get a chance to check out the Kickstarter, it's really great and off to an amazing start.
-Cory
Please leave any questions or comments in the forums, and don't forget to Follow us on Twitter, Like us on Facebook, Follow us on Twitch, and register on our forums.
Discuss this article in the forums!
John Hight (Right) and Mike Booth (Left) congratulate the Huninton Beach 1st Place Tournemant Winner.
Thursday, February 17, 2000 : We had a chance to get a one-on-one with John Hight and Mike Booth of Westwood Studios Recently. The driving forces behind the Action RPG hit Nox. We talked to them about the experiences througout the development, things they are working on adding to Nox post-release, and the future plans of the World of Nox all in this exclusive 1 on 2 interview with the boys behind the game.
John and Mike are good good buddies, and when they met 3 years ago at the Computer Games Developers Conference, Nox was first shown in it's first draft to John, he decided after some time playing it (distracting his final decision, which games tend to be great at doing) that Nox was simply a game that he had to pursue. Mike joined with Westwood, and the real dirty work on Nox began.
The rest is, how they, say, history. (History in which we have archived written by John Hight himself, click here to learn the story of it's creation right from the man who helped make it.)
Hecubah.com- Azrael : Hello John, Mike. Thank you for this chance to finally get to talk. First and foremost, for the reading audience would you please tell us your position in your own words, and during the development of Nox and what your position entailed.
Westwood Studios- John Hight : I was the Executive Producer and the Creative Director for the game. I made the decision to publish Nox, signed Mike (Booth) up to bring it to Westwood, and oversaw the development of the game. I also pitched in and managed the creative staff for the game (designers & artists), established the story and scenarios for the solo game, honed the user interface, and guided the overall design.
Westwood Studios- Mike Booth : I am the creator of Nox, and was the Technical Director during the game's development at Westwood. I was responsible for the multiplayer design of the game, as well as the design and implementation of the game engine, spell system, physics, and so on. To accomplish this, I managed our team of talented software engineers, and worked daily with John on high level design and gameplay issues.
Az : So what was the initial reaction to that first meeting between the two of you (Yourself and Booth)? Did you both go home excited from the CGDC just itching to get it all started and raring to go?
JH : I liked Mike right away. He's very forthcoming and determined. He's been playing games since he was old enough to walk so we swapped a lot of stories about favorite games. I knew he had the smarts and the passion to make a cool game.
MB : I actually remember being a bit intimidated when John and I first met. He was an Executive Producer at a major game publisher, after all! Being the cynic that I am, I was worried that he was just pretending to be a nice guy, but was really a shark. I quickly realized, though, that he really WAS a nice guy, and I was very lucky to have run into him. We had a great first meeting, and I left raring to go!
Az : We've heard inklings of Nox's earliest roots. Why don't you tell us how the game evolved and what all it's first designs and concepts were based around? Inspirations? What was the original game intended to "be" as a final product?
JH : Mike should cover the original concept. When I saw Nox it was a spell battling game where wizards cast spells by pressing combo's on a gamepad. Multiplayer was split-screen on a PC. Since then, we added two more character classes (see all three together here) and built out a whole solo game experience.
MB : When I began the Nox project, I originally wanted to make an updated version of Atari's Gauntlet, which is one of my favorite classic games. I had also been playing a lot of Mortal Kombat and Magic the Gathering, and I quickly realized that a medieval game would be the perfect vehicle for a sort of real-time Magic the Gathering spell combat system. The goal was to create the ultimate "wizard battling" game, where players could throw spells at each other, but also be able to counter those spells, and out-think each other with clever spell combinations. I was hoping to capture the feel of some of the epic wizard battles I had read about in various fantasy novels.
The Mortal Kombat inspiration came in in the way spells were executed. A spell was cast by tapping the gamepad in a certain pattern. For instance, down-down-up was a fireball. This is where the spell syllables and "hand gestures" came from. However, we found this to be a large barrier for new and less dexterous players, so we modified the spell interface into what we have now. There is still a sort of key-combo system for spellcasting, however. By using the R, E, and W keys, you can still build your own spell patterns, after a fashion.
Az : With Nox now virtually almost all over the world, a public demo released before it's actual release date, and of course the Meet Nox Tour still going strong at this time, is the kinds of reactions you are getting on the game coming as a surprise to any of you? Or did you two know from the start that Nox would be a success?
JH : We knew it was addictive. The team was playing the game every night and still enjoying it after a year. With so many games being talked about our greatest fear was that Nox would go unnoticed. We actually shortened our already belated Christmas break to get the demo done just so people could get a taste of the multiplayer aspect of the game.
MB : As John said, we knew Nox was addictive. We still play it constantly, and are STILL thinking of nasty spell combinations to play on each other. Everyone who had played the game during our Nox Tour really had a good time - even those who didn't expect to like it.
Az : What sort of things perhaps are you interested in seeing put into Nox post-release? People seem to really want a Map Editor and Multiplayer Bots, any chance at all of this happening?
JH : We're listening very carefully to the Nox community. We want to give players whatever we can without messing up the game.
MB : I try to personally keep up with the Nox community - what they like, dislike, wish we did, wish we didn't do. It is impossible to please everyone, but we will definitely take all of their input to heart, and consider it for the future. As for a Map Editor or multiplayer "bots" - those are very good suggestions, and we are considering them carefully. (Post your thoughts and suggestions of course in the Official Nox Forum here)
(On to Page 2...)
GLADSTONE, Ore. -- Dog owners will tell you there are some pets that just steal your heart.
Leska Emerald Adams and her Newfoundland have that bond. Adams is autistic and says before she and her partner found Brook and Orca, she never really got out.
"(They're) so much more important to me. They're not my pets. They're vital to how I am able to get out," Adams told KATU News during an interview at their Oregon City home.
Come summertime, the family, with pups in tow, head out on the water every day. They're well aware of the risk of river salmon poisoning and trained both dogs to stay away from any in the water or those that wash ashore.
This year, because of warmer water, experts say more chinook salmon are washing up on the banks of the Willamette and other area river ways.
"We train both of them really well to not touch it. I just didn't realize that when he gets mischievous with his best friend that he would ignore everything," Adams said.
Last Friday, Brook got a hold of one.
"He's chomping away on these bones and I couldn't fly to him fast enough," Adams' partner, Lynn Szender added.
They got him to the vet right away where he was put on the typical salmon poisoning treatment of antibiotics and de-worming medication.
Dr. Jessica Casey is a veterinarian at Dove Lewis Emergency Animal Hospital in Portland. She says she treated dogs for the disease anywhere from 3 to 5 times per week.
"It actually can be a deadly disease. If untreated, it's frequently deadly," Casey said. "The good news is it is very treatable. If your dog develops signs of severe diarrhea they should see their vet and it's treatable if caught early."
The most common symptoms are vomiting, severe diarrhea, lethargy and swollen lymph nodes. If left untreated, 90 percent of dogs die of the disease.
"We're right in the strip. This is a condition that affects dogs, you know, along the Northwest coast. From San Francisco, up to the Alaskan coastline and all along the river ways (and) coming up from the coast," Casey continued.
Brook is showing some of the symptoms. Though, with prayers, puppy love and positivity, his owners hope for a full recovery.
"A lot of people they say well, we don't know that particular salmon was infected. So, we'll just wait and see. But, by the time that microorganism invades all the organs and takes over, your dog is really at risk for death," Adams said.
To come home from a hiking trip in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is to experience civilization in all of its guts and glory.
Just three days at Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore was enough to make me question my style of traveling. Up until this point, I had been taking planes and trains to major cities, dining in fine restaurants, and visiting art museums. I had been feasting my eyes on the creations of humankind, many of which are so ubiquitous that they don't get pointed out very often.
Looking out at the sunset at Beaver Creek this past weekend, I could see the Earth rotating. My friends and I were lying alone on the silken white sands of the only beach in the world. My retinas burned with ecstasy, soaking in the soothing opulence of the lake's diamond ripples like a stagnant sea sponge. Orange, purple, red, pink, and indigo turned the tabula rasa into a tie-died masterpiece that slowly streaked into the steady horizon, reminding us that each day is a new chance to turn it all around.
The following day, we took the North Country trail heading West toward the legendary Chapel Hill landmark and campgrounds. I saw a corduroy cabin in the woods and marveled at the ability of humans to infiltrate even the purest of landscapes. I normally see hundreds of houses a day, but this one brought to light the utility of opposable thumbs. My seclusion struck me in the strangest of ways, punting my pulse into a frenzy at the sight of a lonely log cabin on the edge of the wilderness.
On our final day of hiking, we came upon the Coves. These rocky platelets jutting out into the marine blue depths transported me to the mermaids' lagoon in Peter Pan. There I was, forever young and surrounded by sirens of the sea. Beethoven's Million Dollar Quartet came to mind, as did Hemingway's The Old Man and the Sea. The cloudless sky's never-ending story pulled me in and set me free simultaneously.
Every bridge hovering above a creek was the bridge to Terabithia, and each ravine rolling into a meadow was an entrance to the Forbidden Forest. All of my fantastical fixations came to the forefront of my consciousness like the full moon when it outshines the stars, conquering the night sky. I half expected to see Aslan the Lion come galavanting into the forest with some Turkish delights stolen from the evil queen.
None of that happened, but there were a couple other magical aspects of my Michigan trip. For one thing, my physical suffering did nothing to detract from my spiritual growth. If anything, the two were, and are, directly related. The more I suffered from physical exhaustion and sleep deprivation, the stronger my will to survive became. And as time slowed down exponentially, my oneness with nature solidified like the shale and sandstone of Mosquito Creek.
Adventure, sport, and spirituality embrace the points on the coveted trinity : body, mind, and soul. Someone once said that experience feeds the brain and nourishes the spirit. It turns out that the cheapest way to travel can leave a person with the richest experiences this world has to offer : sublime sunsets, hearty fires, and waves of peace.
Related articles
Advertisements
Skip to the last video if you are already familiar with Dieselnoi's knee technique from previous posts. I've trained with the legend Dieselnoi twice now, the first time you can read about and watch some of here, the second time full hour is available to Patreon supporters here and you can read about it here. In both sessions he taught a very particular knee that I have not seen before, something I've been adding to my training every day.
He teaches it to me here:
I show how Dieselnoi's knee compares to an array of differing knee techniques in this video:
A Patreon Video Request
One of the level rewards for supporters of my work on Patreon is that pledges at $30 a month or more can request a video subject. Drew, who has been a wonderful supporter, asked me to make a video showing how Dieselnoi's knees fit into the context of clinching a person. So I made this video. Dieselnoi uses his left side almost like a repeated jab to set up a strong right punishing knee. So this video below is for Drew, and I hope you get something out of it, too!
You can also see Dieselnoi teaching this in this GIF
I haven't really worked Dieselnoi's theory of “set up left, kill with the right,” in my fights yet. It's something that has been repeated to me by a few of the top fighters I've worked with, including Sudsakorn (who uses the jab and left teep in combination to set up for power shots), as well as Joe Hongthongnoi, who encouraged me to keep at one side if something works and only throw a finishing move as a statement. And in my most recent fight for the WMC World Title at 52 kg, Karuhat Sor Supawan instructed me after the first round to “teep left, then grab for the clinch.” It's all the same method, in theory, but Dieselnoi's approach in cutting off the ring to trap an opponent on the ropes and then just thresher with the knees is on a different level because it's taking this premise to the world of clinch fighting. In the GIF above you can really see the knees in context of clinching a person… and they look pretty identical to the drill he taught me on the corner of the ring. Good God, fighting him must have been awful.
If you'd like to become a sponsor of my documentation of the techniques some the legends of Muay Thai, and help keep 8limbs.us going, for a suggested pledge of $5 you'll get immediate access to a growing Muay Thai library of long form training videos with analysis commentary. There is already over 6 hours of video in the Library and I'm adding content more than once a month.
Read what is in the Patreon Library – suggested pledge $5
You can support this content: Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
(If you're having trouble viewing this video on a mobile device, click here.)
CUPERTINO — Two iPhone owners based in Los Angeles sued Apple on Thursday, a day after the Silicon Valley technology giant admitted it slows down older iPhones to prevent unexpected battery-related shutdowns.
Plaintiffs Stefan Bogdanovich and Dakota Speas, who are both students at USC's law school, filed the lawsuit in the Central District Court of California.
They argue Apple installed a new feature to throttle old iPhones without the owners' permission. They also allege it intentionally interfered with the phones to damage them, which became a “substantial factor in causing (iPhone owners) to replace iPhones, buy new batteries, or loss of usage of their iPhone.”
Apple did not immediately respond Thursday to a request for comment.
As iPhone owners for “several years,” Bogdanovich and Speas are seeking class-action status, targeting both nationwide and California classes of those who owned iPhone models earlier than the iPhone 8.
They filed the lawsuit after Apple acknowledged Wednesday for the first time that it installed a feature last year for iPhone 6, 6S and SE models that have a degraded and aged battery, to prevent unexpected shutdowns. However, the feature lessened the computing power of the iPhones to stop overuse of battery power.
“Our goal is to deliver the best experience for customers, which includes overall performance and prolonging the life of their devices,” Apple said in a statement to multiple media outlets. “Last year we released a feature for iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone SE to smooth out the instantaneous peaks only when needed to prevent the device from unexpectedly shutting down during these conditions. We've now extended that feature to iPhone 7 with iOS 11.2, and plan to add support for other products in the future.”
The statement drew widespread reactions on social media. It also fanned speculation by some about whether Apple slows down old iPhones to pressure users to upgrade to a newer model.
Bogdanovich and Speas allege Apple breached implied contracts with them and other iPhone owners by “purposefully slowing down older iPhone models when new models come out and by failing to properly disclose that” when they bought their iPhones.
Bogdanovich and Speas, represented by the Los Angeles-based Wilshire Law Firm, argued that Apple never asked them for permission to install this feature and did not give them the option to choose or bargain a way to turn off the feature.
“‘Drunk girl in public' prank will make you lose faith in humanity” read the headlines of Metro, Blender Fox, and London Report. The “Drunk Girl” video went viral, garnering 4.5 million views, and showcasing a series of men conspiring to take advantage of an intoxicated Los Angeles woman as she walks down Hollywood Boulevard in the middle of the day.
Yesterday The Smoking Gun reported that the viral video titled “Drunk Girl In Public”, despite being advertised as a “social experiment” spun to appear authentic to viewers, is actually faked and scripted.
Stephen Zhang, 20, the creator of the video, apparently tried to profit off the trend of the 35 million-view Hollaback! video that showed a woman enduring street harassment through catcalls as she walked across New York City.
“Drunk Girl In Public” stars actress Jennifer Box, 24, who plays a woman swaying down a street and taking swallows of beer from a paper bag in broad daylight. As time passes, a few men approach and try to take advantage of her.
On first viewing it seemed real, but everyone but the bystanders in the video is an actor.
If you ever wondered why any of these supposed lowlifes didn't have their faces blurred, it's because they were aware of their participation. Blurred faces of people are usually a result of the lack of consent from a signed release form. In this case, the crew behind “Drunk Girl In Public” took advantage of the actors' verbal contract.
The men in video are seen trying to lure Box back to their home or car were all recruited by Zhang and his coworker Seth Leach. Before the video was shot, Leach posted on his Facebook page that he was, “Shooting some videos in LA all day Thursday and need a good actress. If you live in Los Angeles or have a friend who does and is an actress, tag them/hit me up!”
So why were the male actors participating in a video that would otherwise defame them and potentially ruin their lives? They were duped with the premise that it was for comedy.
“A couple people asked me if I'd be part of their video, if I wouldn't mind ‘acting out a little skit,'” Josh Blaine, 32, told The Huffington Post.
“They told me I needed to pretend to pick up this drunk girl and try to take her home, and that it would be really funny.”
Blaine, the shaggy haired man who wore sunglasses in the video drives a Hollywood tour bus. He said that the filmmakers fooled him into thinking that he'd be playing a character in a comedic short film.
Blaine also told The Huffington Post that although he gave the producers of the film his verbal consent to use the footage of him, he was shocked to find later that he was portrayed as a sexual predator in a supposed social experiment played off as real.
“I didn't expect them to try to make me look like some sexual predator.”
Blaine mentioned in a message to his Facebook friends that he did “a favor for some camera crew guess this is what I get for being agreeable to [sic] someones project.” He added, “It was supposed to be a funny skit. Here's to watching back with virtually no friends. fuck my life.”
One of the other purported predators in the video is street musician “Ashtray”, a man who makes a living on the streets of Hollywood Boulevard by playing buckets as drums.
Mike “Mokii” Koshak, the backwards cap blue tank top wearing man in the video works as a sales representative for LA Epic, a firm that sets up nightclub crawls. In the video, Koshak offers Box to come back to his place for “more beer.”
Christine Peters, Koshak's boss and LA Epic owner told The Smoking Gun that “Mokii was taken advantage of” when asked to “say a couple of lines for a comedy sketch.” Peters said, “They made it seem like he was trying to take the girl home.” If you watch the video closely, you'll notice that Koshak is wearing a company t-shirt and hat, to which Peters said she was upset that the firm was “dragged into it,” since they “don't condone such behavior.”
Koshak posted on Facebook to assure his friends that the “Drunk Girl In Public” video “was all staged and all of the people in it were acting,” and that the clip “does not portray myself or any of the other people in it correctly.”
“It's a false ass portrayal and I was lied to about what the video even was. Faulty ass shit.”
Leach happened to see Koshak's Facebook posts and sent him a private message, acknowledging the video was staged, but typing:
“The important thing to consider is that the video is going to get you well known and have a future with us and our company.”
Leach promised Koshak a night of free drinks, and continued that “We are going to be huge and you are apart of it.”
“Just go with it dude, you are in our team now and we will take care of you.”
In response to the overwhelming attention that “Drunk Girl In Public” received, Leach posted earlier this week that the video was “on the homepage of pretty much every news and media website you can think of.”
Due to The Smoking Gun breaking the story, a number of YouTube users weighed in to comment on the original video, stating that the general public was fooled and bought into it.
YouTube user Rob Dyke typed:
“This video bases its success off of the facts that…
1) Most people are idiots and will believe anything
2) Most people LOOKING for these kinds of blatant issues will believe it even if it's obviously staged
3) Rape is evil and men are evil therefore men are evil rapists
Stephen Zhang, you have CONTRIBUTED to the problem. You have exploited “rape culture” in order to turn a profit and get some attention. If you weren't already exposed for staging this video, I would have loved to have strung you up. You're pathetic. Sick and tired of these bullshit “social experiments”.”
Despite this individual video being a completely fake, it does not mean that those type of behaviors don't exist in the world. One woman who wrote an essay for The Frisky mentioned that she encountered similar sexual assaults.
Claim for defamation lawsuit, anyone?
“Eat local,” they say—but where is local eating the easiest?
A Vermont-based group has released its annual ranking of states based on the availability of local food to the average citizen. It's the third annual Locavore Index compiled by Strolling of the Heifers (here's a hint for the complete story on where that quirky name came from: It's a play on Pamplona's running of the bulls).
How does a relatively small nonprofit tally the availability of local food nationwide? The index comprises four publicly available statistics per state:
• Number of farmers markets
• Number of CSAs
• Number of food hubs (i.e., “facilities that handle the aggregation, distribution and marketing of foods from a group of farms and food producers in a region”)
• Percentage of school districts with farm-to-school programs
The first three are divided per 100,000 residents. Farmer markets and CSAs are weighted at 30 percent each, while food hubs and farm-to-school programs are weighted at 20 percent.
Related The Best and Worst States for Eating Locally
This gives you a pretty decent idea of which states are most convenient when it comes to buying and eating locally grown and raised food, though it's worth noting that the model doesn't measure per capita consumption (that is, ranking access to local food doesn't equate with ranking how much of it is being bought—a difficult thing to evaluate, to be sure).
So which states make it easiest to eat local? Here are the top 10:
1. Vermont
2. Maine
3. New Hampshire
4. Oregon
5. Hawaii
6. Rhode Island
7. North Dakota
8. Wisconsin
9. Montana
10. Iowa
That Strolling the Heifers' home state of Vermont ranks No. 1 for the third year in a row might raise some eyebrows (though I guess the numbers don't lie), but there are some other surprises here too. You go, Rhode Island and North Dakota! And for all the lament that the nation's farm belt has been given over to mega-crops of transgenic corn and soybeans, it's also heartening to see Iowa make an impressive showing.
As for two big, generally progressive states where enthusiasm for local food would appear to be strong, New York (home to all those quaint Hudson Valley farms) ranks a decidedly middling 23, while California (hello, Alice Waters) comes in at a fairly shocking 38. [still doesn't answer why CA was so low, just that it was...]
That doesn't quite land the Golden State in the list of the 10 worst states for access to locally grown food. Those are:
1. Texas
2. Nevada
3. Arizona
4. Louisiana
5. Arkansas
6. Oklahoma
7. Mississippi
8. Illinois
9. Utah
10. Alabama
This just adds to the list of embarrassing No. 1 rankings for Texas, alongside things like being the execution capital of the country and providing the worst health care.
The premise behind the Locavore Index is even more interesting to consider in light of Walmart's surprise announcement that it's “rolling back” the price of 100 or more organic items big-time. As Forbes reports: “Walmart's new Wild Oats organic products—including kitchen cupboard staples like olive oil and black beans—will cost about 25 percent less than those sold by competitors, based on price comparisons of 26 national brands.”
The move is being hailed as another boon for the already burgeoning organic food industry—but therein lies the rub. Since the USDA came up with a legal standard for just what the “organic” label means more than a decade ago, consumer interest in organic food has soared (sales growth of organic products has routinely outpaced conventional groceries in recent years, often by double digits).
Yet that's transformed organics into an industry, which critics say more or less misses the point: Food produced on an industrial scale doesn't necessarily (or even likely) support local farms, nor does it address environmental concerns such as carbon pollution. Those organic bananas still have to be shipped all the way from Central America.
So as Walmart seeks to go head-to-head with Whole Foods, it seems “local” today may very well be what “organic” was a decade ago.
This is a continuation of what I started telling you last week. The band had begun in 1996 with a record for a local Glasgow college. Now fast forward 5 months or so to our second LP.
Tigermilk had come and gone and nothing much had happened. But that was ok, because we went on immediately to plan the next record. If we did it once, we could surely do it again, perhaps better.
We had a record label now, an independent concern called Jeepster. We gave ourselves two more days to record the album than the last one. I was happy with the songs I had written, and I pretty much had the record sequenced before we even went in.
I think we recorded it in July or August of 1996, whereas Tigermilk had been march. We didn't quite have the same experience with this second record as we had with the first. The songs and arrangements were more nuanced, and it was a lot to expect that we would have the knowledge and control to pull off what was in our heads.
I was still excited when it was done though. I wanted to put it out immediately. I wanted the band to be like a factory. I wanted to have an instant and extensive back catalogue! I guess what i really wanted was to make up for all the time that I'd wasted – 7 years of being out of the game: ill, enfeebled and useless.
What the group gave to the outside world was still very much in my hands, in those early days. I'd written all the songs, so I quite happily thought no one would mind if I did the record sleeve too.
At that time my best pal Ciara lived in a little basement flat below her parents' house. It was still the era of hanging out there listening to Hall and Oates' greatest hits, and watching the same Eddie Izzard vid over and over.
She would talk about the boys she had intellectual crushes on and I would talk about girls I wouldn't mind photographing.
Ciara and I were buddies in illness. We had formed an obvious and indelible bond when we were flung together in 1990 – a halted boy, and the poster girl for the west of Scotland for a mysterious ailment called ME/CFS.
I say poster girl, because everyone seemed to know about Ciara in the ME world, so dire were her circumstances. Newspaper columns had been written, radio interviews aired.
My straits were pretty dire at our time of meeting too. We had both spent a long time in hospital, emerging to confirm that our respective worlds had completely changed. We were immediately glad to know each other, clinging to each other as two particles might do in a godless void.
I'm glad to report that at the time of our second LP, my health had been improving in quite large leaps for a couple of years. Ciara's improvement had been more stately of late, but things were looking a bit better.
In the years previous, my Doctor had encouraged me to go on a part time music course sponsored by the Government. I'd still be on the sick, but this was part of my rehabilitation. Eventually, the course had been really good for me. There had been really nice people there, and although the course had no structure, outcome, goals or even proper ventilation, it is still a legend in my head. It was called Beatbox.
When I'd been on the course for as long as Government provision could possibly allow, I applied for another course. I didn't know what else to do. I didn't have the energy for a ‘proper' job (not for want of trying. I used to do a shift in a busy pub once a week, which used to leave me ill for the whole week in between)
So I went on a photography course. I had a little 35mm Olympus camera that I carried with me. The course used to give you some free film every week, and there was some dark room time, and some sheets of printing paper for you too.
The best thing was them just saying, “go and take some pictures!” It was nice to have permission, it was nice that there was someone who cared just a tiny bit for one's pathetic arty aspirations.
So I used to go in there every Monday, get my film, and go out and shoot randomly, all over Glasgow. Genius thing is that they gave you a bus pass too, which revolutionised my way of seeing the city. I sat on every bus, went to every far edge of the circumference of my allowed zone.
So I always had my camera with me. That day I was hanging with Ciara. We must have been having a vent session – just talking about the trials of ME, reporting back on minutiae, wondering when it was all going to get better.
I can't remember what particular detail caused Ciara to cry, but that's not important. It was just the whole monumental drag of the thing that did it, and at some point the tears would come. So I would have offered some comforting words, maybe even a hug.
Somewhat after the fact, in the time before it was ok to turn our attention back to ‘Countdown', I got the urge to record that moment – record the shitty aftermath, when nothing much is worked out. That limp moment, before resolve starts to harden you again, and the tears dry on your cheek, turning into stains.
I got my camera out, said “hold still”, took about 6 shots, in very little light, in that basement room, and that was that.
I remember getting into the dark room, watching the pictures emerge. I made a contact strip, which is a print of all the pictures on the roll, on one sheet, but in miniature – just the size of the negative itself, about 35mmx23mm.
I always liked the contact strip. I figured, if the picture was going to be good and arresting, it should look good at that size, then it would only look better when blown up.
When I looked at the pictures, I thought that one of them could be great for the LP cover. The best one was dark, however. Real shady. I bumped up the contrast when I printed, but it was still pretty dirty. When I took it to Andy, we put the pillar box red through it, and that seemed to suit the shadow and mood.
On the day I was hanging with Ciara, I must have come through her parents' flat upstairs. Her dad, Bernard, is a writer, and had a fantastic library of books lining the hallway. From time to time he would kindly press a volume into my hand and recommend that I read.
I happened to have picked up “The Trial” by Franz Kafka. I loved that book, it was one of my favourites, but Bernard had a nice hard back copy, so I was looking at that. It was on the bed when I took the picture of Ciara (I might have moved it slightly)
I had a couple of vying titles for the record, none of which were the eventual title. It wasn't until we had the front cover in front of us, cropped and coloured, that it occurred to me that one of the song titles might be a good album title.
“If You're Feeling Sinister” seemed thematic enough for that period of things, for the people around me. We shoved the lettering on – it looked good, we kept it there.
A few weeks later, when the record was in the window of a local record shop on Byres Road, Ciara got really excited to see her picture. She pointed to the sleeve, and said to the guy that had the flower stall there
“Look! That's me!”
“Yes, it looks a lot like you!” said that man back to her, humouring what he thought was a crazy lady.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.
Armed robbers have stolen at least 80m euros ($102m, £70m) worth of jewels from one of Paris's most prestigious jewellery shops, police say.
As many as four robbers, two disguised as women, stormed Harry Winston's store near the Champs-Elysee and stole nearly all its valuables.
They spoke French and another language, seemed well informed and knew the names of some of the staff, police say.
The store was hit by another robbery almost 14 months ago.
Armed robbers then stole an estimated 10m euros ($13m) worth of valuables.
Staff hurt
The BBC's Alasdair Sandford, in Paris, says the latest robbery is one of the country's most serious for decades.
Around 10 people and 15 staff were in the store on Thursday afternoon when the robbers entered.
Police said some were disguised as women and appeared to know their way around - addressing some of the staff by their names and identifying where stock not on display was being stored.
Once inside they brandished handguns and acted quickly and violently, rounding up staff and customers, our correspondent adds.
They overturned display cases and emptied the shop of nearly all its stock. Some of the staff were said to have been hurt in the robbery.
Harry Winston is situated on the fashionable Avenue Montaigne and attracts a wealthy clientele from around the world, from royalty to film stars.
The company said in a statement: "We are co-operating with the authorities in their investigation.
"Our first concern is the well-being of our employees."
The Washington Post commissioned a poll of all registered voters and decided to draw conclusions about who holds an electoral advantage from the results. The problem for the Washington Post, and they undoubtedly know this, is that polls of all registered voters always heavily favor Democrats and skew the results in such a way that they are ineffective in determining a likely winner. It may be useful in determining public opinion of registered voters, but who cares about that when we are talking about who will actually win? We want likely voters' opinions. The Survey Monkey poll weighted the results to match "demographic characteristics of registered voters in each state," rather than typical voter turnout models. Elections are not decided by a demographically representative pool of registered voters. If that were the case, the Democrats would win every national election because there are more registered Democrats. The problem for Democrats is that they have a big problem getting their voters to actually turn out and vote, and that is true every time. Republicans do better in off-year elections because their voters turn out, even when the national focus is not on politics. Democrats do better in presidential years because so much attention is paid to politics. But even in a presidential year, only 60% of the potential electorate will turn out and vote. The Washington Post's pollster is not filtering for who is likely to vote. What this method of polling achieves is a built-in bump for any Democrat, usually a big one. Nate Silver demonstrates the statistical bias towards Democrats in both presidential and non-presidential election years. One need not delve into the statistics to see the invalidity of this type of poll for determining who will win fifty state elections. One need only look at the results to find that the poll is not predictive. The Washington Post poll found that Trump is tied with Hillary in Mississippi and Texas. There is no chance that Hillary will win either state. There simply are not enough NeverTrumpers in the GOP to accomplish this task. But in the imaginary world the Washington Post created, that could happen. This poll does accomplish one thing, however, something WaPo would not have wanted to demonstrate. Because Trump is running even or ahead in a number of normally Democratic states even when the sample is skewed to favor Democrats, it demonstrates that Trump has real strength in those states.
Gluten allows dough to rise and gives bread its texture. People suffering from celiac disease or wheat allergy should not have gluten, but gluten intolerance is less understood.
Photo by Jeff Pachoud/AFP/Getty Images.
Gluten is the spongy complex of proteins found in wheat, barley, and rye that allows dough to rise. As yeast ferments sugar and releases carbon dioxide, gluten inflates like a hot air balloon, giving breads and cakes their delectable texture.
According to USA Today, up to one-quarter of all consumers now want gluten-free food, even though only one person in 100 has celiac disease, the autoimmune disorder worsened by gluten ingestion. Going gluten-free seems somewhat faddish. The roster of celebrities who've gone temporarily or permanently off it includes Chelsea Clinton, Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Drew Brees, and Oprah Winfrey, among many others.
If only a small fraction of people have celiac disease, why do so many think they need gluten-free foods? It's tempting to dismiss the phenomenon as the latest hysteria around an over-diagnosed problem. But there is a more nuanced perspective that is more constructive and less judgmental.
To understand the proper role of gluten-free diets requires untangling three separate and unrelated medical problems blamed on gluten: celiac disease, wheat allergy, and gluten intolerance. Here's the thing: The first problem is almost certainly underdiagnosed, but the latter two are likely to be overdiagnosed.
Celiac disease occurs in some people when fragments of gluten bond with intestinal proteins and provoke a powerful, misdirected immune overreaction from white blood cells. The friendly fire destroys the microscopic fingers called villi that line the small intestine and normally absorb nutrients. Once bombed out, the intestine can't function correctly, causing symptoms such as belly pain, diarrhea, iron deficiency, and other severe problems. Celiac disease is properly diagnosed with a blood test followed by an endoscopic biopsy of the small intestine to confirm that villi are damaged.
For hundreds of years, doctors had known that some well-fed children still appeared malnourished, and in the first century the condition was named for the Greek word for abdomen, or “koelia.” No one knew what caused it until World War II, when a Dutch pediatrician realized that a grain shortage dramatically lowered the death rate among children with the disorder from 35 percent to zero.
Today, we know that 1 percent of the world's population has celiac disease—meaning almost 3 million Americans, of whom only a small fraction have been properly diagnosed. Often sufferers go for 10 years before diagnosis, and many physicians are unfamiliar with the signs. In fact, only one-third of primary-care doctors have correctly suspected or diagnosed it. Instead, some patients are incorrectly labeled as having irritable bowel syndrome, eating disorders, or dietary vitamin deficiency. (In one unusual case, a 5-year-old boy thought to have severe autism actually had celiac disease.) The lack of proper diagnosis is one reason advocacy groups think the condition is still underpublicized.
The second kind of problem that can be caused by gluten is wheat allergy. In this condition, a wheat-specific antibody, called an IgE, causes hives, sudden anaphylaxis, sneezing, and wheezing when someone eats gluten. In contrast to celiac disease, true wheat allergy, also called baker's asthma, is believed to be pretty rare.
One problem with wheat allergy is that there is no good test for it. In fact, the blood tests for IgE (called RAST tests) are notoriously unreliable; for example, only one in eight children with a positive IgE test for peanuts is truly allergic. (In 2008, medical sociologist and physician Nicholas Christakis published a commentary in the British Medical Journal titled, “This allergy hysteria is just nuts.”) Because RAST tests can screen for dozens of possible allergies at once, there is a danger of overdiagnosis, especially when interpreted by nonspecialists.
But the most confusing problems arise with the third problem blamed on gluten: so-called gluten intolerance. This condition is neither an autoimmune disorder, like celiac disease, nor an allergy, like true wheat allergy. There's not even a mediocre blood test for gluten intolerance. The diagnosis simply relies on someone's subjective feelings of bloating, bowel changes, or mental fogginess after eating gluten. This is a set-up for all manner of pseudo-scientific self-diagnoses, especially when you consider that 2 percent of people believe they have illnesses caused by magnetic fields.
And yet, a randomized, blinded trial in Italy just showed that one-third of patients with gluten intolerance clearly felt better with gluten-free diets, which confirmed “a distinct clinical condition.” (Since most people can tell wheat-containing baked goods from their gluten-free substitutes, the investigators cleverly had all patients follow gluten-free diets and then take capsules containing either gluten or a placebo.) Another randomized trial published in a reputable journal also showed an improvement in symptoms in some subjects eating a gluten-free diet. Those researchers speculated that sufferers might have a problem not with gluten, but specific sugars called fructans in wheat products.
This is the most frustrating part of gluten intolerance. There are certainly people who have a problem with gluten that's not autoimmune or allergic. And yet, the data suggest that almost two-thirds of people who think they are gluten-intolerant really aren't. Part of the problem is that there is a lot of really bad science out there on gluten intolerance. As one scientific editorial notes drily, much of the literature “suffers from significant methodological flaws,” such as very small numbers and no control groups. Some websites claim that one's depression, arthritis, social phobias, or epilepsy, among other problems, might be caused by gluten intolerance.
Until the science gets sorted out, perhaps the best course for physicians is to suspect celiac disease and diagnose or exclude it correctly. They should also help patients sort through the conflicting data on wheat allergy and gluten intolerance. At the same time, patients convinced they have gluten intolerance might do well to also accept that their self-diagnosis may be wrong. In the end, it seems, medical uncertainly can best be approached by a little open-mindedness and humility from us all.
VLADIMIR Putin's government was in touch with Donald Trump's team during the presidential race, Russia confirmed today.
The controversial revelation is likely to enrage anti-Trump figures who accused the businessman of growing too close to Moscow.
Getty Images 4 Donald Trump's campaign team was in touch with Vladimir Putin's camp during the US Presidential Election, Moscow has confirmed
Reuters 4 Putin praised Trump in the build-up to the vote, while the businessman returned the compliment
President-elect Trump, who has praised ex-KGB man Putin as a strong leader, was accused by defeated Democratic contender Hillary Clinton of being Putin's puppet.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said the Kremlin had been in touch with The Donald's team, Reuters reported Thursday.
“There were contacts,” the Russian Interfax news agency cited Ryabkov as saying. “We are doing this and have been doing this during the election campaign.”
He also said Russia had “sporadic” contact with Clinton's campaign — though it was “not always productive.”
related stories VLAD'S GLAD Putin aides say a Hillary victory would have caused World War III - and Trump saved us from nuclear war FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE Why does Putin like Trump, and will US-Russia relations get better or worse under the new President? THE WORLD REACTS Putin is first leader to congratulate Trump as Theresa May says she's 'looking forward to working with him' NAVAL STRIKE FORCE Russian warships ready for 'massive attack' on Aleppo as Putin strikes in wake of Trump's victory VLAD'S REVENGE Putin wants Trump to destroy Hillary Clinton 'because she once ordered Barack Obama to snub him
“Obviously, we know most of the people from (Trump's) entourage. Those people have always been in the limelight in the United States and have occupied high-ranking positions,” he said without providing names.
“I cannot say that all of them, but quite a few have been staying in touch with Russian representatives. We have just begun to consider ways of building dialogue with the future Donald Trump administration and channels we will be using for those purposes,” he said.
Trump has shot down suggestions that he had ties to Moscow during his bruising campaign for the White House.
Getty Images 4 US President Barack Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Putin shares a tense moment at the G20 Summit earlier this year
His campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks on Thursday denied there were interactions between Russia and the Trump team before Tuesday's election.
“The campaign had no contact with Russian officials,” she told the Washington Post in an email.
Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told Bloomberg News that Russian embassy staff met with members of Trump's campaign — which she described as “normal practice.”
She later provided a revised interpretation of Ryabkov's remarks, saying he was likely referring to meetings between Russian diplomats and US officials who supported Trump — rather than campaign staffers, the Washington Post reported.
The FBI has opened a preliminary inquiry into allegations that Trump or his associates might have had questionable dealings in Russia, but found no evidence to warrant opening a full probe, sources told Reuters.
AP:Associated Press 4 Trump met with Obama today as the pair try to ensure a smooth transition. The two have suffered a fraught relationship during the election campaign
The US government has blamed Russian hackers for cyberattacks on Democratic Party organisations and for infiltrating the email account of Clinton's campaign chief, John Podesta.
The emails were released by WikiLeaks during the final weeks of the presidential campaign in what Clinton backers said was an effort to derail her White House bid.
The Russian parliament cheered Wednesday when it heard that Trump had been elected. Putin told foreign ambassadors he was ready for better ties with Washington, with which his country has been at odds over Syria, Ukraine and NATO.
Trump met with President Barack Obama at the White House today as Melania Trumpwas showed around the living quarters by Michelle Obama.
Many Democrats are now speculating that the outgoing First Lady could launch her own bid for the presidency in 2020.
If one wanted to take a picture of the Library of Alexandria or the Statue of Zeus at Olympia, that person would be denied the opportunity by a simple fact: both were destroyed hundreds of years ago. Absent a time machine, we can't take a photograph of things destroyed in the past.
Except that we have.
The composite photograph above was taken on April 1, 1995 — and is not an April Fools' joke, despite the fact that what is pictured no longer exists.
The image is of the “Pillars of Creation,” a group of formations of interstellar gas and dust each of which are a few light years in length. The image is a composite made from 32 photographs from four different cameras on the Hubble Space Telescope focused on the Eagle Nebula; an image of the Pillars in context of a subsection of the Nebula can be found here. (One of the cameras has a magnified view of the Pillars, which, when scaled down to match the images from the other three, leaves a blank area in the upper right.) Astronomers believe that new stars are forming within the Pillars.
Or, rather, once formed there.
Astronomers further believe that a shockwave from a supernova destroyed the Pillars roughly 6,000 years ago. But because the Eagle Nebula is 6,500 to 7,000 light years away, every image we have of the area is that many years in the past. So while the Pillars are long gone, we have not yet seen their destruction — and won't for another millennium, give or take a century or two. So if you're around in 3012 or so, be sure to look out of the window of your low Earth orbit apartment.
Bonus fact : According to the Hubble Site, the Hubble Space Telescope's main mirror is so smooth that, if its diameter were expanded to match that of the Earth's, the tallest bump would be only six inches high.
From the Archives: The Isolated Tree: Features a picture of a tree which has been destroyed — in the strangest of ways.
Related: “Hubble: Imaging Space and Time,” a National Geographic book by David Devorkin and Robert Smith. Five stars on average, a rarity, especially given that it has 24 reviews.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex Ferguson's criticism of Liverpool FC captain Steven Gerrard is merely a ploy to sell more copies of his autobiography, according to Reds legend John Aldridge.
And another Anfield great, Ian Rush, says every club would ‘love' to have the 33-year-old in their side.
Ferguson has described Gerrard as ‘not a top, top player' – despite admitting he was interested in buying the Liverpool talisman in 2005 .
And the former Manchester United manager claims it is ‘absolute nonsense' to suggest Gerrard was better than Paul Scholes.
ECHO columnist Aldridge said: “It was no surprise to see Fergie stick the boot into Liverpool, he's done that for the last 30 years or so!
“But he's barking up the wrong tree when it comes to Steven Gerrard. I guess it's just a way to ensure he sells more copies of his book.
“Any manager or player who has ever come across Steven in the game will tell you he's world class.
“Ferguson says he never coped against Keane and Scholes, well to be fair Gerrard was usually playing against both of them on his own, and that's before you mention Giggs and Beckham either side of them.
“Steve has never had the team around him to win a league title, but a look at his career tells you that he is a world class footballer, and he's had some great games against United down the years. How Ferguson can be critical of the lad, well, words fail me.
“If he needs to do Stevie down so he can sell his book, then let him. I'm just surprised he had to stoop so low.
“We all know what Sir Alex thinks of Liverpool – he's on record enough times telling us – but I think the fact he admits he would have signed Steven Gerrard tells you exactly what he really thought of the player.”
Aldridge particularly remembers Gerrard's role in the Reds' 4-1 win at Old Trafford in March 2009. The Liverpool skipper slammed home a crucial penalty to give his side the lead just before half-time – one of seven goals he netted against Ferguson's men.
On United's interest in Gerrard, Ferguson writes: “We made a show of [Gerrard] in the transfer market, as did Chelsea, because the vibe was that he wanted to move from Anfield.
“But there seemed to be some restraining influence from people outside the club and it reached a dead end.”
He adds: “I'm one of the few who felt Gerrard was not a top, top player.”
However, goal-scoring great Rush has labelled Gerrard as a ‘fantastic' player. Rush said: “Steven's service to Liverpool has been absolutely fantastic.
“He is a great player and everyone appreciates him.
“What he has done for Liverpool and England has been absolutely fantastic.
“Every club would love to have him and that says it all.”
Ferguson does credit Gerrard with the ability to take on teams single-handedly, and notes the Reds skipper was one of the only players who could hurt United with forward bursts towards the heart of their defence.
And earlier this year, Ferguson said of Gerrard: “Along with Graeme Souness, he's probably the best midfield player Liverpool have ever had, although I have Souness just above them all.”
A man with a history of violence and sex crimes is back in the London area, police say.
London police issued a rare public warning Friday that Christopher John Webster, 33, was recently released from a provincial jail and has returned to London.
“The London Police Service is issuing this information and warning after careful deliberation and consideration of all related issues, including privacy concerns, in the belief that it is clearly in the public interest to inform the members of the community of the release of Webster,” police said in a news release.
Webster is approximately 181 pounds, six feet one inch tall with brown hair and hazel eyes.
He's no stranger to the courts. Six years ago, Webster was sentenced to a year in jail for two counts of criminal harassment and one count of possession of child pornography after a bizarre campaign on an area woman in which he left sex toys in her back yard and a videotape of himself performing sex acts, along with a stash of child porn on a computer.
The court heard at that time Webster has a limited intellectual ability and was escalating his criminal activities.
An official from the OPP behavioural sciences branch has said Webster's risk for sexual violence as high.
Webster has been convicted of other offences since.
It may not be official, but this awesome fan-made opening for ‘Hotel', the upcoming series of American Horror Story got us pretty excited. The FX horror anthology series created by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk is set to premier it's fifth season on the 7th October this year, but details have been kept pretty under wraps. Here's a quick summary of what we know so far about American Horror Story: Hotel.
Late last year, FX confirmed a fifth season of the show, announcing in October that it would be subtitled ‘Hotel'. Network president John Landgraf stated that the season will necessitate a “huge reinvention” for the series with a big cast shake up – but that the new series would be darker in tone than it's predecessors. Ryan Murphy at this point made it clear that the show would not be following a musical theme – despite more musicians being hinted at the cast, and would be catered towards horror fans. At this point, October 2014, Murphy explained:
“The upcoming season that we're doing is much more horror-based; it's much darker. It's about a theme and an idea that's very close to my heart that I've always wanted to do that's a little bloodier and grislier I think than anything that we've done before; it's straight horror this year. Murder House, I thought, was a very primal season because everybody's great fear is about the bogeyman under the bed in their house, and this feels similar to me in that when you check into a hotel, there are certain things beyond your control… Other people have the keys to your room; they can come in there. You're not exactly safe, it's a very unsettling idea.”
On February 25, 2015, it was announced that musician Lady Gaga would be joining the cast, her first major television series debut. Although she apparently hoped to play an ‘evil' character with musical influence, Murphy argued against having musical numbers in American Horror Story. At the same time, it was confirmed that “Characters from previous seasons will come back and check into the hotel.”
Regarding Gaga's character, Murphy has teased about her connections to fashion. “When you work with someone like her, you sign up for something that is larger than life and I think that's what you want,” he said on a panel discussion. “Part of her role involves fashion. You want Lady Gaga to look a certain way. The designers have been coming out of the wood works with looks for her.”
According to an insider, the singer has signed up for three seasons f the show. The insider described her character as a “beautiful, strange – yet sophisticated heiress – knee deep in debt – who runs the hotel and who will do whatever it takes to keep it running”. They also confirmed that there will not be supernatural elements to this season, which will focus on true-life horrors including corruption in politics, cults and secret societies.
It has been hinted that, in a departure from the prior season ‘Freakshow' which was set in one of the last remaining sideshows of the early 50s, ‘Hotel' will be set in the present day. There will however be flashbacks to the 70s and 80s. Although unconfirmed, the same source mentions that Jessica Lange, star of the four previous seasons, would appear in the season opening as an older representation of Lady Gaga's character.
In May 2015, it was announced that Max Greenfield would also be joining the cast. On June 18, 2015, Murphy revealed to Deadline that Denis O'Hare would return. Through Twitter, Murphy confirmed that Finn Wittrock, who played a serial killer on ‘Freakshow', would return for ‘Hotel'. According to Murphy's tweet, it appears Wittrock would be involved in a love triangle with Gaga and Bomer.
Murphy has revealed that Emma Roberts will return to the show for the final few episodes. On July 15, 2015, it was announced that Richard T. Jones had joined the cast as Detective Hahn, a homicide detective, for an eight-episode arch. That same day, Helena Mattsson announced via Twitter that she had also joined the series and that she was “getting ready to film some scary stuff”. Series veteran Lily Rabe joined the cast in July 2015, for a role described as a “famous murderer who has stayed at the titular hotel”, making Rabe one of three cast members to appear in all five seasons (with Paulson and Peters). Naomi Campbell was cast in the role of a fashion editor who shares a difficult history with Gaga's character.
Only a few character names have been revealed though, including Matt Bomer as Donovan, Evan Peters will play Mr March, Sarah Paulson's character is named Hypodermic Sally and Kathy Bates is Iris.
Principal photography for the season commenced on July 14, 2015, in Los Angeles, California. Creative reasons, not economic factors, was the deciding key for moving the series from Louisiana back to Los Angeles since Hotel‍ '​s story is connected to the city. Murphy revealed a six-story hotel set was being built on the Fox lot. A dummy set of the hotel was built at Comic-Con, showing an art deco style building from the 1920s, inspired by the old Hollywood era.
Although not officially confirmed or denyed by the network, Gaga has revealed the complete episode list and broadcast dates for the show on Twitter. Check it out below.
Despite the absence of leading actress Jessica Lange for most of this season, Ryan Murphy is confident that this will only strengthen the ensemble cast setup. “I think that the thing that's different about the season is that before we've always been very driven by the Jessica Lange character. She was always the lead character,” he told Deadline. “This year, it's a true ensemble and I think we have more male parts and more male stories. The Wes Bentley part is really big, the Matt Bomer part is really big; Evan Peters and Finn Wittrock are really big.”
Finally, while this doesn't give us much to go on, we can be assured of plenty of sex in the hotel. During the Comic-Con panel, Paulson assured fans that Hotel is going to be “sexy”. Evan Peters then chimed in, to let them know it's also going to be “sexual”.
Keep up to date with news on American Horror Story: Hotel on the official Facebook Page.
Alcor and Mizar! Theyre the kids of Bashir and Miha (I'll be uploading art of all these OCs over the next week or so probs).
Alcor was a happy accident of a half-forgotten drunken 3way with Lolligo, who fucked off the day after, disappeared for a few years, and surprised Miha and Bash with a battle-ready five year old that could practically flash-step. Some years later, someone had the bright idea of 'Hey we did this thing ten years ago, wanna go again m8?' and they do the frick, and bam. Another accidental baby, but this time Miha was the dna dad. Lolli pops out a baby girl, and it's mutually decided that Miha and Bash will take care of her while she goes off to do magical war-priest things. Random little facts about the two:
- Alcor picked Mizar's name from a starmap (They are adjacent in a constellation, but it was moreso that he wouldn't be the only sibling with a wierd name.)
- Alcor is fairly short. Mizar never grows past 5 feet, though, so he likes keeping her close all the more for it.
- Mizar enjoys terrifying everyone. Alcor does it accidentally most of the time, but is particularly good at screwing with people.
- Alcor loves cute things and pastels, and takes it out on Mizar by helping pick her outfits and dolling her up.
- Both have a lot of potential with magic, particularly Alcor, and Mizar has an affinity for finding and using magical/cursed artifacts and objects. She also embraces the more magical aspects of what she inherits from Lolligo.
- Alcor tries to avoid big journeys and adventures. He just wants to sit around and read, and do calm things.
- Mizar is a con artist (taking lessons from her uncle, Del) by the time she's 13.
- Mizar is one of three people Alcor will let mess with his hair.
- Both kids are extremely close with their dads.
- Lolligo has very little relationship with Mizar, and Alcor carries quite a bit of resentment for a long time after the way she tried to raise him (it involved heavy training, constant moving, and a fuckton of pits). Things get better/a bit more patched up by the time theyre grown, but its a rough relationship.
-Alcor calls Bashir 'Appa' and Miha 'papa' or 'padre'. Mizar just calls them 'brown dad' and 'white dad' (She grows up with their non-English languages just like Alcor, she'd called them that as a toddler a couple times and the dads thought it was hilarious so it stuck).
- Alcor is Ace/Aro, his best friends are their cousins Kei and Chesna.
- Alcor eventually works with one of his uncles as a tailor. Mizar gets an apprenticeship under Del when he's spymaster under their queen, and eventually works alongside him.
T-Mobile has something in store for those who want a shiny new smartphone just before the year closes: The T-Mobile REVVL PLUS is now available, and it will join the already-released REVVL.
The smartphone hemisphere is, among all other reasons, ruled by the big and the powerful, and it just proves that on-the-go individuals prefer to have a workhorse in their hands. But be that as it may, these devices come with a rather hefty price tag: the more powerful, the more expensive. It's the price that most of us are willing to pay to keep up with the busy and bustling lifestyle of the social-corporate world.
T-Mobile wants to erase that thought. The REVVL PLUS is, according to the carrier's press release, “a whole lot of smartphone for not a lot of money.” Consumers can get the new T-Mobile-branded REVVL PLUS for $0 down and $9 per month with an 18-month JUMP On Demand lease agreement, or pay $8 down and $8 each month over 24 months via the carrier's Equipment Installment Plan.
John Legere, President and CEO of T-Mobile, said that its release of the REVVL family was an answer to the needs of customers – a smartphone that's packed with specs yet wallet-friendly.
The T-Mobile REVVL PLUS has a 6-inch Full HD IPS display, 2GB of RAM, 32GB of onboard memory (also expandable up to 128GB via microSD), and a 2.0GHz octa-core processor. At the back are two cameras: a 13MP and a 5MP shooter, while an 8MP selfie clicker sits up front. The handheld has a 3,380mAh battery, runs on Android 7.0 Nougat and sports a fingerprint sensor for security purposes.
The T-Mobile REVVL PLUS is now up for grabs through T-Mobile carrier stores as well as online. It comes in a Black and Magenta color.
SOURCE [T-Mobile]
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair says his first acts as prime minister would include pulling the Canadian Forces out of Iraq and Syria, bringing in 10,000 Syrian refugees and reducing taxes for small and medium-sized businesses.
Mulcair, whose party is currently leading in the polls, sat down with CBC chief correspondent Peter Mansbridge for the third in a series of four interviews with the national party leaders.
"We will immediately stop the bombing mission and bring those troops home," Mulcair told Mansbridge in an interview for The National on Wednesday.
Mulcair said the personnel returning would include troops taking part in missions against Syria and those involved in training. Canada currently has six CF-18s, an aerial refueller, two surveillance planes and about 600 personnel involved in the air war, as well as 69 special forces training Kurdish fighters.
"So we are out of the fight with ISIS if the NDP win?" Mansbridge asked.
"Yes. Yes, no question about that," Mulcair said.
Asked whether ISIS poses a threat to Canada, Mulcair said that it's war in the region for 35 years that has posed the true threat.
"I think that the best thing for Canada to do is to start playing a positive role for peace, and that would be a top priority for me as the prime minister of Canada," Mulcair said.
Conservative Leader Stephen Harper has insisted that continued military action against ISIS is the best way to resolve the current refugee crisis. On that issue, Mulcair said he would bring 10,000 Syrian refugees to Canada before the end of the year.
Among other steps he would take soon after becoming prime minister, Mulcair said, would be a number of tax initiatives, which would have to wait until his first budget in the spring.
He said he would eliminate the CEO stock option tax loophole and reduce taxes for small and medium-sized business, dropping them one percentage point immediately and another point within a year.
Mulcair said he would keep the child-care benefit subsidy and make no changes to GST, but would scrap the Tories' income splitting plan, keeping it only for retired seniors on their pensions,
Raise corporate tax rate 'reasonably'
As well, under his government, the tax free savings account limit would drop back down to $5,500, having been raised to $10,000 in the last budget.
The corporate tax rate, currently at 15 per cent, would be raised "reasonably," Mulcair said, but will stay below what it has been as an average under the Conservatives.
"They're the only Canadians not paying their fair share right now," he said.
Abolishing the Senate
Abolishing the Senate is still a goal, although Mulcair admits it would be tough. However, his electoral victory would give him the mandate to go forward, he said.
Mulcair chastised Harper, saying he had talked a good game about Senate abolition, but then gave up the effort. Last year, the Supreme Court put a damper on Harper's plans for Senate reform, ruling that the federal government needs the support of seven provinces representing half the population to implement fixed terms or provincial elections for Senate candidates. The government would need unanimous provincial support to abolish the Senate altogether.
"I called him after the Supreme Court decision and I said, 'Are you going to make me do this alone?' It was a light-hearted conversation, but I was really surprised, because he immediately threw in the towel after having gotten elected on a promise to either profoundly reform the Senate or get rid of it," Mulcair said. "And he was doing neither."
Clarity Act reform
Mansbridge also pressed Mulcair on the NDP plan to reform the Clarity Act, legislation that calls for a "clear majority" result if Quebec were to vote on secession. The NDP have put forward their own unity bill that would recognize a referendum victory by the Yes side, even if it were by a majority of 50 per cent plus one.
"The side that wins wins," Mulcair said. "But as in the case of Great Britain, it requires negotiation, and the quality of the mandate you have to negotiate is of course dependent on what you just got as a number.
"But I don't know of anyone in any British-inspired democracy who will tell you that in a referendum the side that wins doesn't win. And if you are going to say that, then the onus, the burden is on the people making that claim. The Liberals claim that it's more. Fine. What's the number? They won't give one."
Trudeau/Mulcair pact?
As for this election, Mulcair agreed that the party with the most seats should automatically govern in a minority situation. But he added there are constitutional conventions that are complex and that there have been instances in the past where governments have tried to hold onto power.
Whether he would form some kind of agreement with Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau to topple a Harper government, Mulcair said, was hypothetical, but he blamed the Liberals for shutting down those talks.
"Every time I've opened the door with the current Liberals, Mr. Trudeau has personally slammed it. He's gone so far as to say that he could work with the NDP but he can't work with me.
"My priority is to get rid of Stephen Harper. Apparently Justin Trudeau's priority is to get rid of me."
One of the most widespread and violent protests that convulsed Bengal, especially Calcutta, in living memory was the Naxal uprising that hastened the decline of Bengal, its intellectual capital included, and ruined at least two generations of its youngsters. As Dasgupta said earlier this week, the continuing protests that the Naxalite movement triggered did nothing for the betterment of the state, its society, its economy or its people. To be honest, few of the protests that swept through Bengal down the decades since Independence resulted in any tangible gains, says sociologist Ranabir Sen who used to teach the subject at Calcutta University. Even in recent years, the protests that rocked Bengal did not bring any benefits to the state and, if anything, hurt Bengal grievously. A case in point was the widespread protests over land acquisition at Singur; though led by Mamata Banerjee, the recurring protests saw participation by a cross-section of society. The result: The Tatas took their project, which could have attracted more big ticket investments, out of Bengal, the farmers of Singur lost everything and are cursing themselves for having gone along with Banerjee; Bengal is saddled with a lady at its helm who is a spectacular failure as the chief minister, and the image of the state has only worsened. The only gainer from Singur was Banerjee, and that could not have been but bad news for Bengal.
JERUSALEM – Israel appreciates the “reassertion of American leadership in the Middle East” as demonstrated by the change in U.S. policy on Iran since President Donald Trump took office, as well as the Trump administration's bold moves in Syria, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told President Donald Trump at a press conference in Jerusalem Monday.
“I want you to know how much we appreciate the change in American policy on Iran,” Netanyahu said at the Prime Minister's Residence. “I want you to know how much we appreciate your bold decision to act against the use of chemical weapons in Syria.”
“I wanted to tell you also how much we appreciate the reassertion of American leadership in the Middle East,” he added.
Regarding Iran, Netanyahu told Trump he believed that together “we could roll back Iran's march of aggression in the region and we can thwart Iran's unbridled ambition to become a nuclear weapons state.”
Netanyahu also said he was looking forward to advancing the peace process, echoing Trump's words that “common dangers are turning former enemies into partners.”
“For the first time in many years and, Mr. President, for the first time in my lifetime, I see a real hope for change,” he said, adding that the Arab and Muslim leaders Trump met with at a summit the previous day in Riyadh could help create the conditions for realistic peace.
Trump reflected Netanyahu's words back at him, saying a “new level of partnership is possible” between Israel, the U.S. and the Arab world.
“There are many things that can happen now that could never have happened before,” Trump said. “We must seize them together. We must take advantage of the situation.”
Trump repeated his belief that together with Israel and Muslim partners such as King Salman of Saudi Arabia, the “menace of extremism that has spread in too many parts of the Muslim world” can be eradicated.
Trump said he was “deeply moved” by his visit to the Western Wall earlier in the day.
“This is a land filled with beauty, wonder and the spirit of God. I've been amazed by the … generosity of your incredible people, because it's all about the people.”
“I was deeply moved by my visit today to the Western Wall, words fail to capture the experience. It will leave an impression on me forever,” he added.
Everyone from a self-described pro-Russian American from Arizona battling “Russophobia” in the U.S., to a 12-year-old girl pondering time machines, to a woman recovering from giving birth that same day, had their moment in the sun with the Russian leader. Below are the key moments.
More than 2 million questions were submitted this year, according to the Russian government-controlled news agency, Sputnik.
“It sounds very strange when the head of the security services writes down a conversation with the commander-in-chief and then leaks it to the media through his friend,” Putin said. “[W]e'd be ready to offer political asylum to Mr. Comey if he is persecuted.”
Asked about the ongoing Russia-related saga surrounding U.S. President Trump and his former campaign staff, Putin responded with his typical mix of sarcasm and bemusement.
Vladimir Putin held his annual televised “Direct Line” marathon Q&A session Thursday, spending nearly four hours answering caller and in-person questions. And the Russian president didn't miss the opportunity to once again position himself among the world's finest trolls.
Read more
Vladimir Putin held his annual televised “Direct Line” marathon Q&A session Thursday, spending nearly four hours answering caller and in-person questions. And the Russian president didn't miss the opportunity to once again position himself among the world's finest trolls.
Asked about the ongoing Russia-related saga surrounding U.S. President Trump and his former campaign staff, Putin responded with his typical mix of sarcasm and bemusement.
“It sounds very strange when the head of the security services writes down a conversation with the commander-in-chief and then leaks it to the media through his friend,” Putin said. “[W]e'd be ready to offer political asylum to Mr. Comey if he is persecuted.”
More than 2 million questions were submitted this year, according to the Russian government-controlled news agency, Sputnik.
Everyone from a self-described pro-Russian American from Arizona battling “Russophobia” in the U.S., to a 12-year-old girl pondering time machines, to a woman recovering from giving birth that same day, had their moment in the sun with the Russian leader. Below are the key moments.
Anti-corruption protests
Putin said he was fine with the recent wave of protests that have swept Russia “as long as they are aimed at solving problems and not promoting political figures,” according to the Russian media outlet RT. The comment was a clear jab at rising political opponent Alexei Navalny, the anti-corruption leader furiously campaigning against Putin.
Navalny is a controversial figure in Russia, and has drawn the ire of Putin and his supporters. He was jailed after his latest protest, and has suffered regular physical attacks during his run as Putin's chief menesis. In March he was doused in blinding green liquid while walking in the Siberian city of Barnaul.
Sanctions
“We have always lived under sanctions… if it hadn't been Crimea, they would've made something up.” Putin seemed entirely unconcerned with the economic impact of sanctions from the international community, chiefly from the EU and the U.S.. When asked by a worried Russian man about their economic impact, Putin said that sanctions forced Russians to innovate, to “use our brains,” and that sanctions proved how much Russia mattered in world affairs.
Poverty
Putin acknowledged there were “hundreds of thousands” of people living in poverty in Russia, but his gesture of sympathy was more than a touch misleading. A recent World Bank report reveals that more than 20 million Russians live in poverty.
Syria
Apparently war is a training opportunity for Russia. Putin told viewers that the Syrian war provided the Russian armed forces with a “valuable experience” and that it allowed them to achieve a “new level of combat-readiness.”
Russia has played a critical, if controversial, role in the Syrian conflict, supplying weapons and military equipment to a government that's been repeatedly accused of war crimes. Russia has further faced harsh criticism for its conduct in Syria, and has blocked numerous measures from the U.N. Security Council to condemn Syrian leader Bashar Assad and company throughout the six-year civil war.
U.S.-Russian relations
Putin said Russia didn't consider the U.S. its enemy but rather blamed “internal politics” and hysteria for encouraging “Russophobia.”
He also added that he hoped to work with the U.S. on a variety of issues, including Ukraine, nuclear nonproliferation, and even environmental protection. “We have a lot of areas to work together. We are open for constructive dialogue,” he said.
Those awkward moments
Putin's marathon public performance wasn't without its mechanical hiccups and awkward slip-ups. Critical, often angry, viewer comments slipped in throughout the broadcast, revealing a more uncensored and less praising Russian attitude.
One public comment that appeared on-screen condemned Putin's lengthy tenure atop Russian politics: “Three presidential terms is enough!”
Another read “”WHERE IS MEDVEDEV? YOU SHOULD'VE VACCINATED HIM!”
And perhaps the most glaring slip-up was when another commenter decried Putin's constitution-defying reign: “When will you stop violating the constitutional maximum of two presidential terms?” Putin, now in his third term, has managed to circumvent constitutional caps through amendments made in 2008.
The following is a guest post by my friend Maren from Dori's Diner. Maren and her family moved in to Maryland about the time that we were deciding to move out , so we didn't get to know each other well until we both started reading each other's blogs. Now, I consider her one of my best blogging buddies, and I'm excited to get to share her thoughts with you today.
Choosing to breastfeed my kids wasn't much of a choice. After all, I knew the benefits, both physical & financial. For instance, I knew that infant formula was an imperfect substitute for breast milk, especially considering that the exact properties of breast milk aren't yet even known. I also knew that breast milk plays an important role in the growth of an infant's immune system and is one of the main sources of germ protection for the vulnerable first 6 months of life.
Monetarily, I knew that formula was pricey with an annual range of $648 to $2800 depending on the brand and type of formula used for the recommended first year of life compared to the negligible amount needed to increase a breastfeeding mother's diet. And that's not counting all the bottles, nipples, liners, etc used to deliver the formula.
As I became more environmentally aware, I realized that breastfeeding also fell into the category of being environmentally conscious. I first considered the cost of producing, marketing, and distributing the formula, as well as the cost of tending to the waste after feeding (plastic lids, cans, wrappers, and bottle liners, some of which are recyclable, and some which are not).
I also realized that as with most prepared foods, infant formula was subject to contaminations, sloppy handling techniques, and other biological hazards of the food industry. Considering that 99% of the formula market is produced by only three major brands: Nestle (Good Start), Abbott Labs (Similac), & Mead Johnson (Enfamil), I felt the twinge of fear that anyone feels when in the presence of a large oligopoly that likely does not carry out sustainable initiatives, even if they do give it lip-service.
Armed with all this information, I committed at the end of my first pregnancy to breastfeed my child for at least a year, as well as all future children. Four children later, I realized that simply choosing to breastfeed is not enough to make it happen.
The problems started immediately with a fussy little girl who refused to latch on. Later, anatomical problems were discovered, but at that point, I had resigned myself to formula and shelling out the big bucks for a year. When my second daughter appeared, we seemed to have bypassed some of the earlier issues, but ran into new ones that terminated our otherwise healthy breastfeeding relationship after just a few weeks. (Post-partum depression & poor health.)
Call me stubborn, but when I was pregnant with my third daughter, I was determined to stick it out for at least a few months, even if it meant pumping exclusively. Stubborn I might have been, but nothing compared to the will-power of daughter number three who was born early and small, and had trouble suckling from the breast. I pumped for 5 weeks, trying every few days to latch her on, until one night, when she was tired and hungry, but not frantic, she latched on and never looked back. I breastfed her for 14 months, when I finally weaned her.
What was the turning point? An ugly round of mastitis, a common breast-infection that some women are more prone to than others. Because breastfeeding, as opposed to pumping or formula feeding, is one of the best remedies for mastitis, I found myself even more committed to making it work. And this was despite many people's insistence that I should quit and move to formula exclusively. Armed with confidence, I pumped with daughter number four for three weeks before she was able to latch on and nurse exclusively.
As I look forward to my fifth child, I realize a few important things:
Breastfeeding is best, not just because of cost & physical benefits, and satisfying bond but also because of it's sustainability within the environment and the marketplace. With adequate education, support, and ability, most women can breastfeed if that is what they desire. Ideally, most women would breastfeed if they were educated in the how-to's and why's of breastfeeding exclusively for at least the first 6-months (per WHO's recommendation). Formula feeding is not ideal for a number of reasons, but is a necessary alternative for hose who cannot (for a number of varying reasons) breastfeed or must supplement. However, more sustainable alternatives need to be developed.
Some solutions that seem ideal include:
Breastfeeding exclusively for at least the first 6 months of the infant's life. If necessary, using a pump and bottles to give the mother breaks to sleep, etc.
If this is not possible, or supplementation is needed, consider purchasing an organic formula (and supporting the companies that sell & distribute them) that is not produced by one of the big three companies, such as Earth's Best or Bright Beginnings. If you're ambitious, consider making your own formula!
Wet Nursing or Cross-Nursing: once accepted, these practices of temporarily nursing a friend or family member's baby (cross-nursing) or hiring someone to nurse your baby long-term (wet nurse) have fallen by the wayside. Fear of disease & a pervasive sexual stigma tend to cause people in the Western world to cringe when thinking about nursing another's baby. And yet both cross- and wet nursing are making a small comeback as more Western women are becoming aware of the many benefits of breast milk. Currently, the La Leche League discourages wet & cross-nursing for a number of reasons (including diminished milk supply in the birth mom, disease, etc), but there are still many women who have had successful shared nursing experiences. On a personal note, I used some of a very close friend's frozen milk supply when working my third daughter to my breast. Of course, I knew this friend well enough to trust that her milk was clean and suitable for my newborn.
Banks: another suitable alternative to breastfeeding that is often used for infants that require breast milk but cannot get it from their mother. There are only 10 in the United States, mainly because of the social stigma and the enormous cost of collecting, screening, pasteurizing, and delivering the donated human milk.
Photo by
Related Posts:
There is no perfect world and certainly no one-size-fits-all solution to the many different lifestyles each mother leads. I also don't consider myself a breast-feeding radical—I know firsthand how very difficult it can be for so many different reasons, and excess guilt isn't healthy. However, I believe that an educated woman will find many good reasons to work at a satisfactory breast-feeding relationship, something that is good for mom & baby and the environment as well.
By offering to buy Opera for $1.2 billion or 10.3 billion Norwegian Kroner, the group is essentially valuing the company at around NOK71 per share. That's 53 or so percent higher than Opera's closing price on February 4th, before rumors of a buyout started going around. Oslo's stock exchange stopped trading its shares a couple of days ago, and the company has postponed its earnings calls scheduled for Wednesday morning.
Opera's response to the offer? Well, Recode says its board is "unanimously recommending shareholders [to] approve the takeover." Its chief executive Lars Boilesen said in a statement:
There is strong strategic and industrial logic to the acquisition of Opera by the Consortium. We believe that the Consortium, with its breadth of expertise and strong market position in emerging markets, will be a strong owner of Opera. The Consortium's ownership will strengthen Opera's position to serve our users and partners with even greater innovation, and to accelerate our plans of expansion and growth.
Opera's willingness to approve the buyout doesn't come as a surprise, considering it's been actively looking for a buyer since 2015. Besides its desktop browser, it's also known for its mobile browsers that compress websites and videos before delivering them, as well as its mobile advertising business.
[Image credit: dismappa verona/Flickr (from Puccini's opera Turandot, set in China)]
Valve has begun issuing warnings to players to not use the high-profile CSGO Lotto website for the game Counter Strike: Global Offensive on Steam, after it was discovered that the said website was founded by some Youtube stars.
The two stars in question, Trevor Martin and Tom Cassell, better known as “TmarTn” and “Syndicate” respectively, have been listed as the president and vice president of CSGO Lotto, according to the h3h3productions report. The two youtube stars, with a combined 10 million fanbase, never disclosed their ownership of the website, which has led to speculation that the two stars may have been cheating the system at worst.
The issue comes from documentation uncovered by a fellow youtube channel, HonorTheCall, that uncovered the documentation regarding Martin and Cassell's ownership of the CSGO Lotto. The information has since been picked up by h3h3productions, who did a lengthy exposé showcasing both Martin and Cassell “winning” at the Lotto on several occasions.
CSGO Lotto is one of many sites that allow players to bet real world money or skins for a chance at winning virtual Counter Strike: Global Offensive Skins. The skins – which can be earned in the game by paying $2.50 for an unlock key that grants a random item – are often sold for large sums of money, sometimes upwards of $10,000 dollars. The winner, selected by a roulette wheel spin, receives a specific item gambled upon, while the website itself takes a cut of the bets.
Both Martin and Cassell have posted videos of not only using the CSGO Lotto website, but of winning on them, including a playlist of videos featuring the Lotto website. Those videos have since been taken down on Youtube. Both Martin and Cassell denied that the videos of them winning on the website were staged, and while admitting to ownership of the CSGO Lotto, have claimed that at the time of those recordings they were not a part of the company, which is contradicted by the records obtained by HonorTheCall.
In response to the entire controversy, Cassell has since apologized to fans on Twitter who felt they were misled by him. He, however, has been indicated in previous scandals before – promoting the game Dead Realm on his youtube channel without disclosing ties to the game's developer, 3BlackDot.
I apologize to anyone who feels mislead regarding the ownership of @CSGOLotto. I will always be more transparent from here on out! — Mr.Syndicate (@ProSyndicate) July 4, 2016
Valve has issued a warning to anyone using the website on Steam as the scandal has slowly emerged. Any attempts to log into the CSGO Lotto website through Steam are given a notice by Valve that the website has been blocked because the website “may be engaged in phishing, scamming, spamming, or delivering malware.” However, players can still click through to the website at their own risk for the time being.
Valve has come under fire for online gambling in recent years. A class action lawsuit has been launched against Valve because it facilitates gambling; with Valve providing a “grey market” where people can be easily ripped off via betting, trading and scammers. Because of the easy access to children and teens, real money gambling is a serious offense, and the lawsuit against Valve argues that the gaming company is purposely encouraging gambling because of the profits it can generate, with some estimates stating online gaming rakes in close to $2.3 billion a year in betting and skin purchasing on Steam.
Update: Valve has apparently removed the warning entirely. According to a reddit post by a volunteer moderator named KillaInstinct explained that the CSGO Lotto website was flagged by a fellow moderator and given the warning, without consulting fellow moderators. According to KillaInstinct, “The URL blacklist is generally only used for malicious* links and blocks links throughout Steam everywhere and therefore used with extreme caution.” Malicious, in this context, means malware and phishing websites, not a website such as CSGO Lotto, despite the description notes scamming as a possible reason for the warning block.
It should also be noted that a third Youtuber, known as PsiSyndicate, has come forward and revealed that he participated in rigged SteamLottos in exchange for promotion of that website. The story, reported by TechRaptor's Brandon Bobal, can be found here.
What are your thoughts on all of this? Leave your comments below
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
by Zig Zag, Warrior Publications, Dec 13, 2013
A warrior is a person who prepares for and engages in warfare or fighting, not for personal gain but in the interests of his or her community. A warrior defends their people, territory, and way of life. These attributes distinguish a warrior from those who fight for personal motivations, such as money or power. Ideals such as sacrifice, courage, loyalty, and honour are often associated with the warrior.
I believe most Natives would agree with this description of the warrior, and would acknowledge that not only were warriors a vital part of our cultures, but that they also served an important military function in defence of land and people. Some of our greatest heroes as Native peoples are warriors who engaged in armed anti-colonial resistance, such as Pontiac, Tecumseh, Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Cochise, etc.
In the last decade or so, I have seen a distortion of our warrior culture by some Natives that seek to portray warriors as—above all—peaceful and non-violent protagonists. This tendency has increased in the last few years with the infiltration of Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs, with their fetish for nonviolent activities) into Indigenous communities, as well as the Idle No More mobilization of last year, which introduced pacifist ideology on a mass scale to Native grassroots movements in Canada.
About that Sitting Bull meme
You may have seen the meme: a photo of Sitting Bull staring into a camera, with a quote about what a warrior is. I've seen it shared numerous times by Natives and others on Facebook, often on Idle No More sites.
The quote states:
“Warriors are not what you think of as warriors. The warrior is not someone who fights, because no one has the right to take another life. The warrior, for us, is one who sacrifices himself for the good of others. His task is to take care of the elderly, the defenseless, those who can not provide for themselves, and above all, the children, the future of humanity.”
It appears to be a popular quote, judging by how frequently it is shared. There is truth in it, concerning most Native people's views on what a warrior was (and is). But there are two problems with the meme.
First, there is no source for the quote. There are many other quotes by Sitting Bull, virtually all compiled by journalists, military or government officials, who were present at the time Sitting Bull's words were translated (in the late 1800s). Yet, nowhere in any of the books or websites where his quotes are printed can one find this particular statement with a source attached.
Ian Chadwick, who runs a blog, also looked into this meme quote. His conclusion?
“I have yet to find any source that shows when or where Sitting Bull actually said it. So until then, it remains classified as a bad meme and likely by someone else.”
(“Does this really sound like Sitting Bull?,” posted on March 18, 2012 by Ian Chadwick's blog)
http://ianchadwick.com/blog/does-this-really-sound-like-sitting-bull/
Chadwick suspects the quote may actually be from one of several New Age mystics, such as Carlos Castenada, Dan Millman, or Paul Coelho. All these authors use the imagery associated with warriors in their spiritual philosophies. These, in turn, are often used by Native pacifists as a means of portraying themselves as “spiritual warriors” while reinforcing their pacifist ideology.
One can imagine the delight that Native pacifists and reformists must feel when they see this meme. One of the most well known warriors, who led his people in fierce anti-colonial resistance, saying that, at the end of the day, the warrior is actually a non-violent actor.
The title of Chadwick's editorial makes you think: Does this really sound like Sitting Bull? I don't think so. Here are two quotes attributed to Sitting Bull, and which are sourced:
“I have killed, robbed, and injured too many white men to believe in a good peace. They are medicine, and I would eventually die a lingering death. I had rather die on the field of battle.”
Recorded by Charles Larpenteur at Fort Union in 1867. Published in The Lance and the Shield, by Robert M. Utley, New York: Henry Holt and Co., 1993. p. 73.
“I hardly sustain myself beneath the weight of white men's blood that I have shed. The whites provoked the war; their injustices, their indignities to our families, the cruel, unheard of and wholly unprovoked massacre at Fort Lyon … shook all the veins which bind and support me. I rose, tomahawk in hand, and I have done all the hurt to the whites that I could.”
Recorded by the Jesuit priest Pierre-Jean De Smet after a council with Sitting Bull on June 19, 1868. Published in The Lance and the Shield, by Robert M. Utley, New York: Henry Holt and Co., 1993. p. 79-80.
There can be little doubt that these words accurately express the conditions under which Sitting Bull lived. Like Crazy Horse and many others, he had to kill enemies in order for his people to survive a genocidal warfare being waged against them. Nowadays, we're living under different conditions in which the settler society is far more divided and fragmented and the logic of attacking any and all whites no longer makes sense. But this was certainly the dominant reality for the Lakotas during the 1870s.
The second main problem with this quote is the obvious contradiction. Even if it were true that Sitting Bull made this statement, we can see in the quotes from Sitting Bull that are sourced that he engaged in a high level of combat that included the killing of enemies.
Pacifists love this quote because it literally disarms militant warriors. If Sitting Bull, a great warrior and leader of the Lakota, states that a real warrior doesn't fight, well then who are we to say otherwise?
I think most Natives would agree with almost all the points in the alleged statement by Sitting Bull about what a warrior is. Ideas such as sacrifice, protecting the defenceless, helping those that cannot help themselves, etc. But at the end of the day we must acknowledge that a warrior is also one who prepares for and engages in warfare. That's part of the sacrifice and how one may need to protect the defenceless.
In order to defend a territory and people, our warrior ancestors had to fight and sometimes kill enemies attempting to invade our lands or raid villages, etc. During the early stages of colonization, our ancestors also had to fight and sometimes kill settlers and soldiers attempting to invade and occupy our ancestral territories.
Nowadays, however, thanks in part to New Age mysticism as well as pacifist beliefs, some Natives are trying to tell us that our warriors were actually peaceful and serene beings who went around helping people by chopping fire wood. There is, of course, nothing wrong with this and I have seen many warriors carry out this function, along with hauling water, constructing shelters, digging outhouses, etc. Let's not distort our own history or culture, however, in the interests of promoting some idealistic and pacified version of a warrior.
Warrior Culture
The caricature of the “peaceful” warrior is probably mostly derived from Indigenous warrior culture on the plains (such as the Lakota, Cheyenne, etc.), including the practise of “counting coup,” in which warriors who touched an enemy with an open hand, or a coup stick, received a special honour (perhaps a feather notched or painted in a certain pattern).
While Indigenous warfare on the plains may have emphasized such acts of bravery, we should not delude ourselves into thinking that this was the extent of their military actions. Killing an enemy also brought honour to the warrior, and even though Native warfare differed considerably from European forms of genocidal warfare (with far lower casualties for example) it was still a life and death struggle. Warriors did not develop substantial skills in producing and using weapons just so they could slap an enemy on the head.
Nor can we say that the plains Indigenous style of warfare, with its emphasis on personal bravery or its practise of counting coup, was common among all Indigenous peoples.
On the Northwest Coast, among the Kwakwaka'wakw for example, warfare was not conducted to openly display one's bravery. Instead, stealth, secrecy, and surprise attacks, including ambushes and raids, were far more common (a way of war that also became common in the Eastern Woodlands and Atlantic Coast once Native warriors began to acquire firearms, beginning in the late 1600s).
Among the Kwakwaka'wakw, there were no honours for simply touching an enemy. It was a common practise of the warriors to cut off the heads of their slain enemies as a means of preventing them from carrying out revenge attacks from the spirit world. Warriors carried various weapons that were designed for killing, the most common being a heavy war club. Small obsidian knives were carried to cut the head off slain enemies, along with other body parts. Sometimes these body parts were displayed in front of the house of the warrior that had killed the enemy.
Many aspects of Kwakwaka'wakw culture promoted “warriorism” and were in fact based on warfare. The highest ranking secret society of the Kwakwaka'wakw winter ceremonies was the Hamatsa, which was also the highest ranking warrior society. The Hamatsa was at one time possessed by a spirit that ate humans (Baxwbakwalanuksiwe), and during this initiation the Hamatsa craved human flesh (and for this reason is often called the cannibal dancer). Only by singing songs could the community pacify the Hamatsa so that he could rejoin human society.
The Kwakwaka'wakw also have a warrior dance known as Hawinalal. During this dance, historically, the warrior would be pierced through the back and legs and suspended from a roof beam by cedar rope. In his hands was small knife which he used to cut himself. Like the Hamatsa, it was songs that pacified the warrior.
The origins of this warrior dance come from Wi'naXwinagim, whose name means “Always-wanting-to-war.” This great warrior would be so possessed by the war spirit, Winalagalis, that even when he returned to his village from war he would go around trying to stab and kill people. The villagers bound him with cedar rope and hauled him up to the roof beams of a house, where they sang songs to pacify him so that he could rejoin society.
The war spirit of the Kwakwaka'wakw was Winalagalis, whose name translates as “Making-war-all-around-the-world.” The dances brought by Winalagalis, including the Hawinalal, are the second most important series of dances after those from Baxwbakwalanuksiwe. The Kwakwaka'wakw term for warrior, Babak'wa, translates as either “hunter of men” or “merciless men,” implying a far more sinister role than simply helping the elderly and chopping firewood.
These short examples should show that our warrior ancestors were not just peaceful, non-violent actors. They couldn't be. The reality of tribal warfare, and later anti-colonial warfare, demanded that there be a force capable of militarily defending territory and people. As can be seen in the Kwakwaka'wakw example, in some regions warrior culture was an important foundation of the overall culture and served to reinforce a warrior spirit among the people.
Today, of course, we are not faced with ongoing military attacks resulting in fatalities. And no one is advocating that we now reclaim the tradition of severing the heads of slain enemies since we are not engaged in continuous warfare. But the last 40 year period shows that we are still subject to violent police and military repression at times (i.e., Oka 1990, Ts'Peten and Ipperwash 1995, Burnt Church 2000, Six Nations 2006, or more recently the Mi'kmaq anti-fracking struggle), along with settler mobs (i.e., Chatteaguay during the 1990 Oka Crisis, and Caledonia during the 2006 Six Nations land reclamation). During such times, there needs to be a force capable of militantly defending our people and communities. By promoting the concept that warriors were peaceful nonviolent angels, we only disarm and disable warriors from carrying out their roles during such confrontations.
Advertisements
Columnist
Thursday was Pearl Harbor Day, the anniversary of one of the deadliest attacks on American soil and perhaps the most unifying day in American history.
This year some of us marked Pearl Harbor Day by attacking America from within.
For five hours on Thursday, President Trump's partisans delivered a reckless and sustained attack on the FBI and the special counsel. They amplified Trump's claim that the FBI's "reputation is in Tatters — worst in History" and that Robert S. Mueller III's Russia probe, which has already secured guilty pleas from two Trump campaign officials and the indictments of two more, is part of a system that is "rigged," "phony," "dishonest" and using a "double standard."
Shamefully, Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee launched an all-out assault on the special counsel and the FBI — choosing to protect Trump at the cost of Americans' faith in the justice system and the rule of law.
Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), the chairman, echoed Trump's "tatters" claim and told FBI Director Christopher A. Wray that Mueller's probe and the Clinton email probe have been tainted by "bias."
Rep. Steve Chabot (R-Ohio) repeatedly charged that the FBI and Mueller have a "shocking" anti-Trump bias.
Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) said he has a "hunch" that "pro-Clinton, anti-Trump bias" at the FBI was behind a secret "warrant to spy on Americans associated with the Trump campaign."
Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) called former FBI director James B. Comey an "egomaniac rogue" and speculated that the FBI paid for the "dossier" on Trump's activities in Russia.
Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-Fla.) speculated that anti-Trump bias led the FBI to conclude that Russia interfered in the U.S. election, and he threatened Wray: "I think you're walking into a contempt of Congress."
This is calumny. Mueller is a longtime Republican who was appointed FBI director by George W. Bush. He was named special counsel by Rod J. Rosenstein, also a Republican, who was appointed by Trump himself to be deputy attorney general. Comey, a Republican who served in Bush's Justice Department, made political contributions to John McCain, Mitt Romney and other Republicans. Wray, a Republican who also gave to GOP candidates, was appointed by Trump.
The slander is based on the fact that several of Mueller's underlings made political contributions that went mostly to Democrats, including Clinton; that one member of Mueller's team opposed Trump's first travel ban (which was struck down and withdrawn), and anti-Trump texts between one of Mueller's people (since taken off the case, with the incident under review by the Justice Department inspector general) and his girlfriend.
But if we're going to declare "biased" those who gave money to Democrats, then Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump, Steven Mnuchin, Gary Cohn and the president himself are biased against Trump. Also, if Mueller had inquired about political leanings before making hires, he would have violated Justice Department rules.
And more broadly: pro-Clinton bias? It was precisely Comey's public announcement of a reopened Clinton probe just days before the election that helped give the presidency to Trump.
What's more outrageous is the purpose of the attacks on the FBI and Mueller: To help Trump with his legal problems, these officials are willing to undermine Americans' faith in the justice system. This is part of a pattern. As House Republicans were attacking the FBI and Mueller, Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) was announcing his resignation on the Senate floor. He had been drummed out by fellow Democrats for sexual misbehavior, but Trump and the Republicans are rallying behind GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore, faced with credible allegations of sexual misbehavior with teenagers — for the short-term benefit of keeping one Senate seat Republican.
Trump routinely attacks institutions: the courts, the media, the electoral process, the intelligence community, the IRS, the United Nations, foreign allies, international accords, federal workers, political parties, the Justice Department, Democratic and Republican lawmakers, previous presidents, the pope. That's the strategy of the autocrat: Don't believe the courts or the justice system or the electoral process or the legislature or the media or my accusers. Believe me.
When lawmakers back up Trump, however, they give a cue to Republican voters that such out-of-bounds attacks on our system are legitimate. That's how they normalized Trump. That's how we're getting Moore. That's why Republicans are being convinced the FBI and federal prosecutors are corrupt.
The FBI is one government agency Republicans historically held in high regard (70 percent had a favorable view in a 2015 Pew Research Center poll), but a poll by the University of Texas in June — after Trump's attacks began — found favorable views of the FBI among Texas Republicans at 43 percent.
Likewise, multiple polls found that Republicans are far more likely to believe sexual-harassment claims against Democrats than against Republicans; Democrats see the claims as credible regardless of the perpetrator's party.
This tribalism is meant to help Trump, and Moore. It undermines America.
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
