President Trump is telling lies. As he tried Wednesday to sell the "tax reform package" he told his audience that he would not benefit from this bill. As many things that come out of this president's mouth, that is simply not true.
The current Republican tax bill would mostly benefit billionaires and millionaires like Trump, as well as wealthy corporations, all on the backs of middle-class and working-class Americans.
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans hope to ram this bill through Congress this week in a desperate attempt to demonstrate that they can get something done, even if it does real harm to most Americans.
Tax reform is a major undertaking, and it touches every corner of our economy. Americans deserve a real attempt to get it right. That is not what is happening here.
This partisan Republican bill was written behind closed doors and had no input from Democrats. There have been no hearings on it, and from the beginning, Republicans showed their hand when they maneuvered to get this passed with a simple majority vote. They had no intention of making this a bipartisan effort.
All of the nonpartisan analyses that have been done on this bill point to just how harmful it would be to most Americans — those not in the 1 percent or who lead big corporations.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office report released earlier this week said this bill will actually hurt poor people more than originally thought and that it would add $1.4 trillion to the deficit over the next decade.
This Senate GOP tax bill would adversely affect those making $30,000 or less by 2019 and those making under $75,000 by 2027. It would also lead to rising health premiums and to 13 million more Americans being uninsured by 2027.
All of this would happen in order to fund a huge tax relief package for the wealthy and large corporations who do not need the help.
It would also hurt our efforts to shore up education, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and other programs that middle-income Americans count on. The bill even goes as far as eliminating a tax deduction for teachers — all in order to give more money to those most well off.
This tax plan also gives huge tax breaks on most foreign profits. But only big corporations would be able to really take advantage of this loophole, while small businesses would be at a disadvantage.
That's why a majority of small business owners are skeptical of the Republican tax plan. They know it would benefit large corporations over small businesses.
This effort is truly cynical as it is clearly not an effort to reform our very complicated tax code the right way, with bipartisan input, so that it works for the majority of Americans who actually need tax relief.
The fact that the Senate bill would make the tax giveaway to corporations permanent while sun-setting the tax cuts for individuals after 10 years, is a clear indication of where the GOP's priorities lie — not with working Americans, single moms and dads or families trying to make ends meet.
Every nonpartisan analysis of this bill indicates that the majority of Americans will be worse off economically after 10 years than if Congress had done absolutely nothing.
Republicans will say that there are many gifts here for the middle class — increasing the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000, which is a good thing. But the rub is that in the long run, the middle class loses while millionaires, billionaires and especially corporations will be better off.
The cynicism of this bill is so blatant that it also attempts to repeal the individual mandate, again in effort to loosen up money to give away to the rich. Meddling in our complicated health-care system in a bill that tries to “reform” our even more-complicated tax code is not a recipe for success or for long term progress.
There is a reason why the more Americans learn about this bill, the less they like it. Polls show approval of this bill is low and keeps dropping the more voters learn about the details.
If Republicans are serious about actual tax reform that helps Americans, they would not be obsessed with giving corporations huge tax cuts. After all, corporations are making record profits and more money will not make them invest in more jobs.
Americans need to get engaged and call their senators and President Trump to tell them to stop lying about this bill.
Americans need to tell them not to give huge tax giveaways to the wealthy while making the middle-class pay for it. Everyone understands what fairness is. The GOP tax bill is the furthest thing from it.
Maria Cardona is a principal at the Dewey Square Group, a Democratic strategist and a CNN/CNN Español political commentator. Follow her on Twitter @MariaTCardona.
A Florida Department of Law Enforcement agent shot at suspected burglars in the driveway of his Orange County home early Tuesday morning, according to FDLE.FDLE said the agent found two men breaking into a vehicle in his driveway about 1:20 a.m., and he fired three rounds from his department-issued firearm.No one was injured.The agent was able to take one of the men into custody, but the other man fled and remains on the loose, FDLE said.Darius Walker, 21, of Orlando, was charged with one count of burglary of a conveyance.Also see: Surveillance video shows ATM theftThe agent was placed on administrative leave during the investigation, which is standard procedure.Related: Florida mug shots
A Florida Department of Law Enforcement agent shot at suspected burglars in the driveway of his Orange County home early Tuesday morning, according to FDLE.
FDLE said the agent found two men breaking into a vehicle in his driveway about 1:20 a.m., and he fired three rounds from his department-issued firearm.
Advertisement Related Content Florida mug shots: July 21
No one was injured.
The agent was able to take one of the men into custody, but the other man fled and remains on the loose, FDLE said.
Darius Walker, 21, of Orlando, was charged with one count of burglary of a conveyance.
Also see: Surveillance video shows ATM theft
The agent was placed on administrative leave during the investigation, which is standard procedure.
Related: Florida mug shots
AlertMe
Image caption Liberty Reserve's website was taken offline on Thursday
Liberty Reserve - a Costa Rican-based digital currency service - has been shut down after the reported arrest of its founder.
Authorities in the Central American country said Arthur Budovsky had been taken into custody in Spain on suspicion of money laundering, following an investigation which also involved the US.
They added that police had raided several of Mr Budovsky's properties and seized his computer servers.
The site went offline on Thursday.
Liberty Reserve had described itself as being the internet's "oldest, safest and most popular payment processor... serving millions all around a world".
It had allowed users to open accounts and transfer money, only requiring them to provide a name, date of birth and an email address.
Cash could be put into the service using a credit card, bank wire, postal money order or other money transfer service. It was then "converted" into one of the firm's own currencies - mirroring either the Euro or US dollar - at which point it could be transferred to another account holder who could then extract the funds.
The service promised that payment transfers were "instantaneous" and it charged a maximum of $2.99 (£1.98) for each transaction. It also offered a private messaging facility which it said was "much more private and secure than email or instant messenger services".
Security expert Bryan Krebs said Liberty Reserve's features had made it a popular among cybercriminals who wanted to move funds and make payments anonymously.
However, others said they had used the service for legitimate means, viewing it as a cheaper alternative to PayPal. They fear they will now lose money still sitting in its accounts.
Refused licence
Costa Rica state prosecutor Jose Pablo Gonzalez announced news of the raids on Saturday. He said that in addition to Mr Budovsky's arrest, 10 other suspects were being investigated in connection with international money laundering.
Image caption Liberty Reserve
Mr Gonzalez said that Costa Rica's financial regulator, Sugef, had refused to issue a licence to Liberty Reserve in 2011 after raising concerns about how it was being funded.
Although the company Liberty Reserve subsequently closed and dismissed its employees, the prosecutor said Mr Budovsky had continued operating his money exchange service by running it through five other Costa Rican businesses.
The same year, he said, New York based officials asked Costa Rica to investigate.
Mr Gonzalez said offices and houses linked to Mr Budovsky had been raided last week, and that documents and three vehicles - including a Rolls-Royce - were seized.
The US Department of Justice's website says that in 2006 Mr Budovsky was found guilty of operating a separate illegal money transmittal business - GoldAge - from a Brooklyn apartment when he used to live in New York.
However, when asked about the latest arrest, a spokeswoman said she could "not provide any guidance" at this time.
The BBC has also asked the Spanish police for more details.
Lost money
According to Mr Krebs' security blog, the closure of Liberty Reserve has the potential to "cause a major upheaval in the cybercrime economy".
He said there had been "anxious discussions" about the news on several internet forums after fraudsters and malware sellers found themselves unable to access their accounts.
But others say they used the service for legitimate reasons, and are concerned about the lack of information.
They include Mitver Holdings, the firm behind a facility called ePay Cards. This allows consumers outside the US to buy goods from stores in the country as if they owned a locally-issued Visa or Mastercard credit card.
Image caption The firm behind ePay cards says it now faces an "uphill battle" to make up potentially lost funds
The company - which has offices in London and Texas - used Liberty Reserve as a way for its customers to charge up their "virtual credit cards".
Co-founder Mitchell Rossetti said he had about $28,000 sitting in his business's Liberty Reserve account at the time the site went offline.
"We used Liberty Reserve because it was quick, efficient and secure," he told the BBC.
"Now, we - and thousands of others who were dependent on it - have been left with nothing to look at except a blank webpage, and nothing more to go on than reports from the Costa Rican press.
"We need to know if our assets have been seized and what would be the requirements to get the funds returned."
With temperatures in the 90s around the county, the San Diego Ice Arena was a pretty cool place to be on Saturday afternoon.
And, what do you know, it just happened to coincide with the San Diego Gulls' audition for ice girls.
There are a number of tasks to tackle as the Gulls ramp up for their inaugural season in the American Hockey League.
Identifying ice girls was on Saturday's agenda, and 25 hopefuls gathered on the ice in Mira Mesa, each vying for one of the eight to 12 spots to be filled.
So what are the Gulls looking for in ice girls?
“We're looking for the bubbly personality and ones that are passionate about hockey as well,” said Lacey O'Connor, who is Gulls marketing and social media producer.
O'Connor said it's important that they are good ambassadors for the team.
“They do a lot with the fans and a lot of community events as well, so we just want people who are interested in being the face of the brand,” she said.
Ice girls will be a significant presence at home games, engaging with fans on ice and around the arena.
Part of their on-ice responsibilities include ice maintenance, so the audition included two cone drills — one to show skating ability and another to demonstrate ice-shoveling dexterity.
Most of those who attended the audition were college-age women. Before the on-ice portion of the audition, each was asked to introduce herself and provide a fun fact.
One woman said she had worked on Carnival Cruises, where, during a magic show, she was turned into a white tiger (she was in human form again for the audition). One was a bio chemistry major. One was an endurance skater from France. One said her last name means “family of wolves.” And on and on.
There were several San Diego natives, while others' origins were Maine, Minnesota and points in between.
There was a wide range of skating skills, from those with wobbly ankles on the verge of losing their balance — one woman fell on her backside while trying to shovel, hurting her pride more than anything else — to those who had been skating for more than a decade. Several had hockey and/or figure skating backgrounds.
Kelsey Hannah displayed the best skating skills. In fact, it looked like she was tempted to knock a Gulls official into the boards as she finished the cone drill.
“I started skating when I was 5 years old at the rink in UTC,” said Hannah, who grew up playing hockey on boys teams. She went away to boarding school in Indiana and played in a girls league before coming back home.
“Now I'm in men's beer leagues again where I started,” she said.
Hannah grew up in Clairemont and attended Cal State San Marcos. She works now for a mediation firm. Asked what interested here about being an ice girl, Hannah said: “Why wouldn't I want to do this? Ice skating. I love ice hockey. When I go to games and see the girls getting the crowd excited, it just looks so fun.”
Panda Wilson, a Granite Hills graduate who teaches figuring skating at the Kroc Center, grew up watching a earlier incarnation of the Gulls.
“I've been a figure skater forever and when we had the Gulls before I did halftime entertainment,” Wilson said. “I've been a fan of the Gulls for a long time. I saw a flyer about the audition yesterday, and my mom was like, ‘You have to do it.' So here I am.”
Wilson was among those who have the bubbly personality the Gulls are looking for. And she has the ultimate ice-breaker — her first name.
“I was supposed to be a boy,” Wilson explained. “When my parents found out I was a girl, they didn't have a name ready. I was a really big baby and all my relatives described me as a bear cub. My parents were thinking Amanda, then thought ‘Oh, Panda!' ”
Pandas have proven pretty popular in San Diego, so you have to like her chances.
O'Connor expects a final decision to be made within a week on the ice girls squad.
The Gulls plan to announce the 2015-16 schedule in late-August. The home opener is October 10.
Former House Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) said in an article published on Sunday that a profanity-laced confrontation with then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (D-Nev.) outside the Oval Office in 2013 brought the two men closer together.
“I walked right up to him and said, ‘Harry, you can go f--- yourself. You ever listen to that shit that comes out of your mouth?' ” Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE told Politico, recounting his discussion with Reid after the Nevada Democrat blasted Boehner on the Senate floor. Then-Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) was also reportedly present during the confrontation.
“I thought McConnell was going to have a heart attack," Boehner told Politico.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Reid told the news outlet that while Boehner's words were harsh, the Republican clearly wanted a better relationship with Reid.
“Then he said, ‘We've got to get along better,' ” Reid recalled, according to Politico.
“That's one reason I like him. He's not a phony. … He wanted me to know that he wanted us to get along. So that was his way of telling me," Reid said.
Boehner, who announced his resignation in 2015, told the publication the two became "really good friends" after the episode.
Reid retired roughly over a year after Boehner, and has offered commentary on their "special relationship" in the past.
“I stepped out of bounds, he thought, so he said, ‘Go f--- yourself,' ” Reid told The Huffington Post in 2015 after Boehner announced his resignation. “OK, I can accept that. Wasn't the first time. I appreciate his being honest with me. And I have found that always to be the case with John Boehner, so I will miss him.”
Donald Trump likes to eat fast food because “at least you know what they're putting in it.” Katherine Purgatorio-Howard wishes her father knew what was in the mousse he ate at Trump's Castle in October 1989, three months before he died.
“It was six figures,” she told The Daily Beast of the settlement her mother reached with the Atlantic City property over the mousse, which New Jersey health officials identified as the source of a salmonella outbreak. “But it didn't make my father un-dead.”
Last Thursday, the Trump campaign issued—and then quickly deleted—a rant against the “FDA food police,” listing it as one of several “specific regulations to be eliminated” in his new economic plan. Among other things, the campaign whined about the Food and Drug Administration's standards for “farm and food production hygiene,” safe cooking temperatures, and even “dog food.”
But these are the exact safety measures that help prevent foodborne illness outbreaks like the one that affected the Purgatorio family in 1989. In fact, the Trump business empire has a long and illustrious history of food poisoning cases and safety violations.
According to a 1991 Associated Press report, Kathleen and Thomas Purgatorio, then in their sixties, ate the “salmonella-tainted mousse” at a restaurant called Buffet by the Sea in Trump's Castle Hotel and Casino on Oct. 16, 1989. Kathleen felt sick afterwards, Purgatorio-Howard recalls, but nowhere near as ill as her father who she told The Daily Beast “went from walking into the hospital to being in intensive care on a ventilator in a coma.”
“He was in critical care from October to December,” Purgatorio-Howard recalled. “We brought him home. We kept him in the living room in a hospital bed. He was in distress the whole time and then, in January, he went back to the hospital and died.”
The following July, according to the AP, the newly-widowed Kathleen and three other plaintiffs sued Trump's Castle for “nearly $11 million” over the mousse, which the New Jersey Department of Health said in a report had sickened over 100 people—including the Purgatorios—over the span of four days in October 1989. Hers was one of six food poisoning lawsuits filed over the mousse around the same time, the AP reported.
That same July, Trump told the New York Daily News that the Purgatorio lawsuit was "ridiculous" and refuted any link between Thomas Purgatorio's death and the chocolate mousse.
"If you write that story, there will never be a dime of money spent by my casinos in the Daily News again," Daily News staff writer Salvatore Arena recorded Trump as saying in a phone interview. "And you can print that."
Alan Kaplan, an attorney for Trump at the time, told the AP that Thomas Purgatorio's death was due to a “pre-existing heart condition.” Purgatorio-Howard, now a New Jersey nursing instructor, told The Daily Beast that her father had previously had a heart attack sometime before the trip to Trump's Castle but maintained that “his symptoms and his organ failure came from the overwhelming salmonella infection.”
Kaplan also told the AP that the salmonella at Trump's Castle was due to bad eggs from a vendor. If that's the case, perhaps stricter adherence to FDA “farm and food production hygiene” standards could have prevented the eggs from ever reaching the restaurant.
“People have to be protected,” Purgatorio-Howard told The Daily Beast. “You really can't have less regulation.”
The case file for Kathleen Purgatorio's lawsuit was ultimately disposed, according to court records. Purgatorio-Howard told The Daily Beast that the case was settled out of court for “hundreds of thousands” of dollars but could not recall the figure. Attempts to reach attorneys for both parties in order to confirm her estimate were unsuccessful.
The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a detailed request for comment and the Trump Organization did not have comment at press time. The Atlantic City Licensing and Inspection Department told The Daily Beast that records from this time are no longer available.
But newspaper reports indicate that Trump's food-related woes only continued in Atlantic City. In 1992, the AP reported that “Donald Trump's properties have the worst track record for food-related health problems among Atlantic City's 12 casinos,” citing statements made by city health officials. Between 1984 and that time, the AP noted, there were five salmonella outbreaks at Trump properties, resulting in several temporary closures.
“We find it highly unusual that most of our problems in Atlantic City have been associated with the Trump properties,” then-Atlantic City health department official Denise Nelson told the AP. “The physical part of the [establishments] is top-of-the-line but it all boils down to extremely poor food handling.”
The AP report states that “Sharon Pearce, a spokeswoman for the Trump Taj Mahal, disagreed with [Nelson's] assessment, but refused to elaborate.”
In his now-retracted anti-FDA screed, Trump complained about “inspection overkill” but restaurant inspections like these can prevent deadly salmonella outbreaks. The CDC estimates that 19,000 people are hospitalized and 380 people die due to salmonella every year. A total of 3,000 Americans die from foodborne illness each year.
As Trump's business empire grew, so did the list of food safety violations. In November 2012, the DJT restaurant in the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas received a staggering 51 violations “including month-old caviar and expired yogurt,” according to another AP report.
Public records from the Southern Nevada Health District show that DJT was indeed closed on Nov. 2 of that year with 51 violations during a routine inspection, reopening later that day with only 6 violations.
But the sudden closure and reopening did not escape the notice of local news station KTNV, which bestowed the dubious honor of a “Dirty Dining” award on the resaurant.
“The DJT restaurant in the Trump hotel is described on its website as ‘elegant' and ‘in a class by itself,' KTNV investigative reporter Darcy Spears announced in her exposé. “It is indeed in a class by itself this week, receiving the highest number of demerits of all restaurants health inspectors visited.”
Spears went on to list the many expired foods that health inspectors found at the DJT restaurant, including veal stock, tomato sauce, caviar, cranberry juice, duck, yogurt, peanut dressing, and black bean chili. Spears further reported that inspectors found “eggs, cream, cut tomatoes, potatoes, and sausage” were being kept at “unsafe temperatures.” As the AP noted, they also found “no measures to destroy parasites in undercooked halibut and salmon.”
In last week's anti-FDA rant, the Trump campaign specifically highlighted required “food temperatures” as an example of potential over-regulation.
DJT ultimately provided KTNV with a statement that said, “We take these situations very seriously and all adjustments were made immediately. DJT opened within a few hours that same evening. We greatly value our guests, and delivering an exceptional experience to them is our top priority.”
A business in the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City even fell directly afoul of the FDA in October 2013. The agency sent a warning letter to the Trump Times Newsstand notifying the business that a minor was able to buy a box of cigarettes from the newsstand around 1:30 p.m. on a weekday without showing ID. The letter threatened “regulatory action without further notice” if the situation was not immediately remedied. The “FDA food police,” it seems, doubles as the cigarette police, “too.”
But one of the worst brushes with health inspectors hit Trump even closer to home. As The Daily Beast has previously reported, public New York City health department records show that the Trump Cafe and Grill in Trump tower received 45 violations during an ungraded inspection in October 2015. That's counting five “critical” violations including unapproved shellfish, a lack of appropriate “metal stem-type” thermometers to check cooking temperatures, and unsanitary wiping cloths. Two months later, the Trump Cafe and Grill scored only 12 violations and received an “A” grade.
But this May, another ungraded inspection found “live roaches present in [the] facility's food and/or non-food areas” of the Trump Cafe and Grill and determined that the restaurant was not “vermin proof,” meaning that there were “conditions conducive to attracting vermin to the premises and/or allowing vermin to exist.” One week prior to that inspection, Trump had tweeted a picture of himself eating a taco bowl prepared in that restaurant. Yum.
By the time of its most recent inspection in June 2016, the Trump Cafe and Grill appears to have resolved its roach and rodent issues. It has maintained its “A” grade.
But depending on the outcome of the presidential election—and on how serious the Trump campaign was about curtailing the “FDA food police”—restaurants might not have to struggle so much with food safety come 2017. Judging from history, that could be good news for at least one hotel magnate turned politician.
—with additional reporting by Brandy Zadrozny
Update 9/19/16 10:40 AM: This piece was updated to include a comment Trump provided to The New York Daily News regarding the Purgatorio lawsuit.
website Websploit is an automatic vulnerability assessment, web crawler and exploiter tool. It is an open source command line utility that composed on modular structure. At the time of writing, there are 16 modules are available on Websploit, it can be downloaded from sourceforge projectbut it is available on Kali Linux by default.
Websploit can be synchronized with Metasploit WMAP project for web vulnerability scanning, there are four categories of modular are available and they are:
Web Modules
Network Modules
Exploit Modules
Wireless Modules
In Wireless module we can run some interesting WiFi attacking vector including the WiFi jammer and WiFi DDOS attack. For exploitation, websploit is working on the basis of Metasploit Autopwn service and metasploit browser autopwn service. A large number of interesting attacking vectors are available on the network modules, and they are but not limited to:
ARP cache DOS attack
Middle Finger Of Doom Attack
Man In The Middle Attack
Man Left In The Middle Attack
Fake Update Attack Using DNS Spoof
And more....
Some modules of websploit are depends on Metasploit for example
Information Gathering From Victim Web Using (Metasploit Wmap)
So it is recommended to configure Metasploit before using these modules, the demonstration of all modules are not possible on this single article, but the basic command and usage of the software mentioned below and it surely helps you to use websploit in a professional manner.
If you are on Kali Linux, then click on Applications → Kali Linux → Web Applications → Web Vulnerability Scanners → Websploit
The list of commands that can applicable on websploit are:
Commands Description
--------------- ----------------
set Set Value Of Options To Modules
scan Scan Wifi (Wireless Modules)
stop Stop Attack & Scan (Wireless Modules)
run Execute Module
use Select Module For Use
os Run Linux Commands(ex : os ifconfig)
back Exit Current Module
show modules of Current Database
show options Show Current Options Of Selected Module
upgrade Get New Version
update Update Websploit Framework
In the demonstration mentioned below: the web directory scanner attack will be performed.
wsf > show modules
..
..
wsf > use web/dir_scanner
wsf:Dir_Scanner > show options
Options Value
--------- --------------
TARGET http://google.com
wsf:Dir_Scanner > set TARGET http://ehacking.net
TARGET => ehacking.net
wsf:Dir_Scanner > run
[*] Your Target : ehacking.net
[*]Loading Path List ... Please Wait ...
[index] ... [404 Not Found]
[images] ... [404 Not Found]
[download] ... [404 Not Found]
..
..
..
The commands to perform other attacking vector are same , just follow the steps mentioned above .
British foreign secretary displays raffish style during first official trip since writing a poem about the Turkish president having sex with a goat
Months after winning a competition for an offensive poem about the Turkish head of state, the British foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, was on a mission to rebuild bridges during his first official visit to Ankara.
But in typical style, Johnson eschewed the usually staid diplomatic discourse and went his own way, praising the nation for producing his “beautiful, very well-functioning Turkish washing machine”.
Boris Johnson wins 'most offensive Erdoğan poem' competition Read more
Speaking at a news conference in Ankara alongside the Turkish EU affairs minister, Ömer Çelik, Johnson talked up the relationship between the two nations as crucial, even after Britain's vote to leave the EU.
“We are lucky in the United Kingdom to be one of the biggest recipients of Turkish goods,” said the former mayor of London, who has Turkish ancestry.
“I am certainly the proud possessor of a beautiful, very well-functioning Turkish washing machine,” he said. Johnson did not reveal the brand of the much-loved appliance but several Turkish household goods brands have broken into the international market in recent years.
As another example of the strong relationship between the countries, Johnson said Turkey every year receives 2.5 million British tourists.
“It's an extraordinary act of kindness, if I may say,” he said. “I hope they (the tourists) behave themselves ... well ... I am sure they do.”
Johnson had in May penned the winning entry in a competition on offensive poetry about President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, published by the conservative British title The Spectator, aimed at demonstrating free speech to Ankara.
The limerick, published as a rebuff to Erdoğan's efforts to prosecute a German comedian over an offensive poem, included a line about about the Turkish president having sex with a goat and also called the president a “wankerer”.
It was published during the campaign in the referendum for Britain to leave the EU, which Johnson helped to lead and eventually win. Turkish officials at the time played down any damage in the two countries' relationship, saying British-Turkish ties were too important to be hostage to such statements.
Johnson, who joked that he and Çelik were both descendants of Ottomans, is due to meet Erdoğan in Ankara on Tuesday.
Agence France-Presse contributed to this report
To the Editor:
Re “Student Debt Past Age 50” (editorial, Feb. 13):
As your editorial rightly laments, senior citizens are increasingly finding themselves in default on student loans. These defaults can lead to the garnishment of Social Security benefits, pushing many elderlies toward poverty.
The garnishment of Social Security benefits is particularly unfair to today's retirees because until the mid-1990s Social Security benefits were fully exempt from such levies. So, for much of their working lives, many seniors could not reasonably have anticipated that their Social Security retirement benefits would become susceptible to garnishment.
You are, however, wrong to suggest that a remedy for this injustice must await legislative action. Under current law, the secretary of education has authority to reduce garnishments that “would result in financial hardship to the debtor,” while the Social Security administrator and the Treasury secretary are together authorized to exempt garnishments that “would tend to interfere substantially” with the purposes of the Social Security program. Either of these administrative powers could provide prompt relief to vulnerable senior citizens.
Here, at least, there is an opportunity for President Trump to honor his campaign pledges to protect Social Security and address student debt, while at the same time finding common cause with the editorial board of The New York Times. Such syzygies should not pass by unexploited.
SpaceX CEO and Chief Designer Elon Musk has ordered the installation of contingency abort software into all future Dragon cargo spacecraft, providing them with an option to deploy their parachutes after an off-nominal launch scenario. Such software may have allowed the CRS-7 Dragon to save herself after she was thrown free of the failing Falcon 9 during June's ill-fated launch.
Dragon:
SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft has enjoyed a successful early career in space and was setting sail for her ninth trip to the International Space Station (ISS).
The CRS-7 Dragon mission ended abruptly through no fault of her own, as her Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket suffered a major malfunction 139 seconds into ascent – resulting in the break-up of the launch vehicle.
The Dragon spacecraft actually survived the rocket's mishap, as the Falcon 9's second stage began to disintegrate via an overpressure event in the Second Stage, in turn freeing the spacecraft.
“Dragon actually survived not only the Second Stage overpressure but continued to communicate until the vehicle dropped below the horizon and out of range,” Mr. Musk confirmed.
However, Dragon's fate was already sealed as she headed for an unsurvivable high-velocity impact into the Atlantic below.
“It is somewhat tragic that it, unfortunately, hit the water quite hard and is at the bottom of the ocean.
“We are actually trying to send a remote submersible down to the region where the debris hit the water and see if we can retrieve additional elements of debris to either confirm our initial conclusions or point us in a different direction,” Mr. Musk added, speaking about the ongoing investigation into the failure, believed to have been caused by a failed strut that released a helium pressurization system bottle (Composite Overwrapped Pressure Vessel) that led to the overpressure event.
SpaceX had focused on Dragon's systems from a post-first stage ascent standpoint, ensuring her ability to deal with contingency events in space and during her return. Dealing with a first stage launch failure was not a consideration until after the CRS-7 event.
“The issue is that, in this case, Dragon is inert on ascent. The software to initiate the parachute deployment was not in Dragon,” added Mr. Musk. “That is probably the saddest thing about this, is that, with just a bit of different software, Dragon would have made it.”
That software relates to Dragon being able to open and release her nose cone – which remains in place during first stage ascent – in turn allowing for the deployment of her parachutes, the latter following the procedures of the nominal End Of Mission (EOM) events or during an abort from orbit.
“With the cargo Dragon, it (off-nominal ascent software) was just not something that had been done yet. It was on the agenda, but it hadn't been done yet,” added Mr. Musk.
“For future missions, even for the cargo version of the Dragon spacecraft, we're now including contingency software that, if something were to go wrong with the vehicle, Dragon will always attempt to save itself.”
This software inclusion will be live from the next Dragon – CRS-8, believed to be targetting the end of this year – onwards.
Dragon's future crew variant – known as the Dragon 2 – has a burning ambition of returning home under the propulsive power of the SuperDraco thrusters, which also provide a Launch Abort capability during ascent. This capability will be tested during the Dragon 2 “In-Flight Abort test” that will be conducted under the Commercial Crew Program milestones.
During the initial missions, Dragon 2 will return home under chutes – something all Dragon missions will continue to have as a capability, with chutes eventually providing a backup role to the SuperDracos, if required.
“There are parachutes on Dragons, always. That's how it normally lands. It (the software addition of deploying chutes in an off-nominal event) was certainly was planned for Dragon 2.
“One of the things we've decided to do is to advance the software that was meant for Dragon 2 into Dragon 1 so that if something like this were to happen in the future, the Dragon spacecraft would save itself.”
Had this launch failure occurred during a Dragon 2 mission, the Dragon would have had the extra capability of firing up the SuperDracos to increase the distance away from the failing Falcon 9.
“If it were Dragon 2, the system would have initiated an abort via the abort thrusters. So it would thrust itself away from the vehicle quite rapidly and then, once it was a decent distance away from the vehicle, would initiate parachutes to land in the ocean,” Mr. Musk noted.
“But, as I said, even Dragon 1 – which does not have the abort thrusters – survived the Second Stage overpressure. So, even with the Dragon 1 – without the abort thrusters – if it had initiated chute deployment, the cargo would have been saved, or a crew would have been saved, conversely.
“It was always baselined to be there for a crew mission.”
Dragon 2's maiden flight into space won't be crewed, with current manifest showing SpaceX plans to conduct the first test mission to the ISS via an uncrewed Dragon 2 mission, designated SpX-DM1, in December, 2016 – with the 30-day mission ending with a parachute assisted landing in the Pacific ocean.
This mission will make use of its capability, carrying cargo to the Station during its test flight.
SpaceX is then scheduled to conduct the SpX-DM2 crewed flight, launching in April of 2017 on a 14-day mission.
However, Mr. Musk has pointed to a flexible outlook with the potential for up to two flights being uncrewed before astronauts finally get to launch on the Dragon 2.
Such a second uncrewed mission could also provide an extra ISS resupply run boost, in tandem with a second dress rehearsal ahead the historic arrival of a crew onboard the new Dragon spacecraft.
(Images: via NASA, SpaceX, and L2's SpaceX, including renderings created by L2 Artist Nathan Koga – Click here for full resolution F9, F9-R, FH, Dragon 2, BFR and MCT renderings and more – with those not official SpaceX images.)
(Click here: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/ – to view how you can support NSF's running costs and access the best space flight content on the entire internet)
The chance to interact with elephants is one of the biggest draws to Thailand. Unfortunately because these majestic giants are such big business, there is a lot of animal abuse to give the tourists what they want: the perfect elephant riding picture. It is a common practice in Asia. Worry not though, because not all elephant sanctuaries makes their money off of mistreatment. There are plenty of virtuous compounds that dedicate their lives to providing a happy, healthy, and safe home for elephants to thrive. Visitors can interact with the animals in totally natural ways - like bathing them or walking with them through the jungle greenery. If you are in Thailand and want to kick it with some elephants, here is a list of some completely ethical elephant sanctuaries where you can make memories with the gentle creatures and support their proper care.
The Happy Elephant Home - Chiang Mai The Happy Elephant Home is indeed a happy and wholesome experience. The kind of place you'd want to retire, the elephants reside in a big green rolling field next to a small cluster of bamboo structures surrounded by picturesque mountains. Everyone dons traditional attire so the elephants aren't surprised by any strange smells or odors. You'll help feed them giant bushels of bananas, bathe them in mud, and treat them to cane sugar (harvested by you with machetes), before cooling off in the river together. The full day includes lunch and transportation to and from Chiang Mai.
Elephant Jungle Sanctuary - Phuket This sustainable eco-tourism project has five locations throughout Thailand, but is headquartered in Chiang Mai. Their mission to promote the proper treatment of elephants, and to educate visitors on the problems with irresponsible tourism practices. Respect for the Asian elephant and their plight is one of their foremost qualities, and they ardently advocate for the proper and humane treatment of elephants. They house over 30 elephants, all of whom were victims of abuse and mistreatment, and all of whom can now enjoy full and free lives. A visit there includes a walk with your animal, and strictly no riding. If you want an even more immersive experience, you can This sustainable eco-tourism project has five locations throughout Thailand, but is headquartered in Chiang Mai. Their mission to promote the proper treatment of elephants, and to educate visitors on the problems with irresponsible tourism practices. Respect for the Asian elephant and their plight is one of their foremost qualities, and they ardently advocate for the proper and humane treatment of elephants. They house over 30 elephants, all of whom were victims of abuse and mistreatment, and all of whom can now enjoy full and free lives. A visit there includes a walk with your animal, and strictly no riding. If you want an even more immersive experience, you can spend the night at the Karen village.
Phang Nga Elephant Park - Phang Nga If you want to support a small, budding family business and ethical elephant practice, then you are going to want to check out the newest elephant park in Phang Na. Offering both half-day and full-day tours, you are sure to make some incredible memories at Phang Nga Elephant Park. The full-day includes a Thai cooking class so it's really a two-for one on Thailand's best activities. Phang Na Elephant Park is a gem we highly encourage travelers to visit.
Elephant Hills - Khao Sok Just on the edge of Khok Sao National Park lies the luxurious elephant sanctuary known as Just on the edge of Khok Sao National Park lies the luxurious elephant sanctuary known as Elephant Hills . But the nicest thing about this place isn't the amazing tents or the comfortable accommodations, it's the fact that you can spend multiple days wth the elephants and guides. Up to three day safaris are available here, which includes lodging and meals. Guests will get to bath, feed, and walk with the gentle giants as you travel across the jungle landscape that is their native home. Elephant Hills currently hosts 12 Asian elephants that were once living lives full of abuse and inhumane treatment, but now wander around happy as can be.
Elephant Nature Park - Chiang Mai The biggest elephant park in the region, Elephant Nature Park is an incredible place to watch elephants in their natural environment, socializing, playing, and full of life. It's an amazing thing to see considering almost all 30 elephants that live here were once subject to abuse and mistreatment. The park is just on the outskirts of Chiang Mai, easily reachable by tour bus. Now they have more friends than they can keep track of and get to frolick and feed all day long. Besides the regular day passes the park offers, devoted visitors can ask about volunteer opportunities, where they can get to spend more intimate time with the animals.
Last week marked ten years since the original Pikmin released in Japan. In the decade since we've had just a single sequel, but Olimar's adventures are far from over.
The story of an alien who crash lands on a mysterious planet and must recruit tiny plants to work for him, like many of Shigeru Miyamoto's franchises Pikmin is inspired by a real-life hobby: gardening. Whereas The Legend of Zelda was inspired by Miyamoto's exploration of the expansive woods and caves around his childhood home, Pikmin hones in on the minuscule, taking the action right down to ground level.
On the surface, Pikmin was perhaps an odd choice to launch with the GameCube, but then it's an odd game and the 'Cube was arguably an odd console, though we love it all the same. While there's combat, exploration and scale, it's not what you'd call an action game: nor is it hugely strategic, though your followers' varying attributes add some depth. Pikmin is perhaps best described as a time management game: you only have 30 days to recover Olimar's ship debris before his life support fails. There are specific tasks to perform each day before sunset and managing your reserves of Pikmin is essential to success. It's a workplace simulator: leave your employees to their own devices and they'll achieve nothing. It's only by leading the way, issuing commands and making sure nobody's eaten by ferocious animals that you'll get anything done.
On the surface, Pikmin was perhaps an odd choice to launch with the GameCube, but then it's an odd game and the 'Cube was arguably an odd console, though we love it all the same.
The sequel, Pikmin 2, added a subordinate in the form of Louie, letting you split your workload between two characters and increase productivity. It also dropped the 30 day time limit, letting you play at your own pace without one eye on your mortality.
As with all of Miyamoto's creations, Pikmin is a game about finding joy in the (very) small things and nurturing a sense of wonder: tiny Olimar must send 30 Pikmin to stomp on a paper bag blocking his path, or order them to carry a battery to power his ship. It's a Toy Story-like fantasy of what happens beyond the human eye, and dotted with tiny touches that delight: it's classic Miyamoto.
All this makes it all the more baffling, then, that we haven't seen a Pikmin game since the European release of New Play Control Pikmin 2 in 2009 – a re-release that never made it across the pond. Shigeru Miyamoto announced Pikmin 3 all the way back in 2009, but no platform was mentioned until the revelation of Wii U at E3 2011. What could Olimar's adventures look like on Nintendo's new platform?
The New Play Control versions of Pikmin used the Wii Remote's pointer to enhance aiming accuracy, but with the touch screen controller flinging soldiers should be equally straightforward. That's really only the tip of the possibilities though: Pikmin is an invisible version of a world we recognise, and makes you want to believe you could see it for yourself with the right equipment.
While we certainly don't envision augmented reality Pikmin 3 on Wii U, the controller's gift is what Nintendo does best: offering a window into another reality. Point it at the TV to reveal hidden items and extra information; use it to command armies in separate areas easily. The co-operative potential here is immense, too.
The opportunities don't just end at Wii U either: the 3DS is bundled with six AR cards including one of the little Pikmin themselves. How about hooking the 3DS up to the Wii U and using it as a portable Pikiopedia, viewing items from the Pikmin world in the real world via the wonders of augmented reality? Nintendo has dabbled with linking its portable and home consoles before, but none blurs the boundaries quite like Wii U, and we're certain Miyamoto and team have plenty of ideas for how 3DS and Wii U can bring the Pikmin to life.
We haven't had a new Pikmin game since 2004, but we're under the impression Pikmin 3 will once again accompany Nintendo's new hardware close to launch. While the company's vision for Wii U is laudable, we're waiting for real software; if Nintendo can show off a high definition Pikmin that takes full use of the Wii U's new controller, it could really put the console on a lot of radars.
What would you like to see in Pikmin 3, and how do you think the Wii U will be utilised? We'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments below, and keep an eye out for our retrospective of the original Pikmin later this week.
Hi Gamers! Come on out on Wednesday evening for some board gaming! We will meet at Market Brewing on Leslie St. for a few hours of gaming. All that Market Brewing asks is that we each purchase at least one beverage (soft drink, beer, etc.) to support the location. Of course you are welcome to order more! Market Brewing does not offer a food menu but you are welcome to bring in your own food or have food delivered (via Skip the Dishes, etc). So stop off at your favourite take out place and grab a bite to bring with you! New and experienced gamers alike are welcome! Many of our members bring their games and are always willing to teach games to newcomers. Please note that we don't tend to play many of the traditional games most of us know from our childhoods (ie. Monopoly, Sorry!, Clue, etc). The world of board games is very large these days and we tend to play more modern games. This isn't to say that you should not bring these types of games but you may have trouble finding players. Please answer the question when you RSVP so we can bring games along that you enjoy playing!
The most beautiful Javascript Functional Programming syntax
Quentin Gerodel Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 3, 2016
Originally seduced by the Erlang weird syntax, I walked around some functional oriented languages. All was providing a sweet and smart syntax. The last one I played around was Elm. The syntax of Elm was clean, and beautiful.
Meeting Elm, raise in my mind a new challenge : Find the most beautiful “pure” Javascript Functional Programming syntax.
The biggest part of this challenge is to keep all the javascript capabilities with the minimum of requirements. Or by keeping the common requirements.
Let's do this !
Functional you said ?
So, functional programming is a paradigm based on the way that mathematical functions would be evaluated in code. Software as driven as a big function which is the combination of many little one. Where each function use their input to give its output in a linear way.
I do not have the pretension, to be able to teach you, in this little paragraph, how to lead functional programming. So, I will let Charles Scalfani to do that thing for me.
The perfect example
Since I am able to learn only by examples, I took the choice to share you my thoughts unwinding with an example.
I choose as perfect example, the quicksort algorithm. No more sputters : This is my javascript version of this algorithm.
This function works into the recursivity way and is visibly split into three parts.
The first line, is the termination condition (or base case) : attempt to sort a list without any element returns an empty list.
Second block, is the internal variables definition ; with in line 6 & 7, the two parts of the list regarding the pivot.
Then, the last line, was the concatenation of sorted parts and the pivot as function return.
Pretty easy, isnt it ?
Divide and rule
As said earlier, composition, is a great part of functional programing. So let's refactor our code for further compositions.
At this state, this does not look very cool or sexy, because we turn a simple ten-lines function into a thirty-lines composed code.
But, this is an example ; and this is not the end.
ES2015 is awesome !
ES2015 (or ES6) came with a lot of great features. And the most awesome is fat arrow function notation. Fat arrows provide many functionalities, but, we will choose them, first, for their light syntax.
Fat arrows functions was used to illustrate all examples into the great Functional Programming Jargon reading.
You look good, fat arrows are not the only one ES2015 features used here.
I walked accross more of them.
A litle bit triky..
Firstly, I used Parameter Matching and the Rest Operator, both are new ES2015 features, that made working with lists as easy as done in Erlang.
As the same, I used the Spead Operator for lists concatenation.
But, I decided to go further to turn this into a more sweet functional code.
Easily, I removed all variable definitions, functions compositions, is really great at this state.
And a new weird trick appaeared (line 10). This, is a guard using the form I proposed to Functionnal Programming Jargon.
TL;DR explanation : This guard form is based on ternary operator. So if the [condition ?] is evaluated to true, the first part is used as return the empty array in this case. However, if the guard is evaluated to false, the function corpse is executed. You can use as many guard as you wish by stacking ternaries.
ES2078 is coming
To perform ES2015 transformation into “vanilla” Javascript sources, I use Babel. And Babel comes with a lot of plugins, I have selected two of them for you.
The first one, Transform Curry seem really cool IMHO, It provided a way to use currying placeholders. And this is a great value for going deep into functionnal programming.
The second “one”, is a more a way to add pipe operator to perform function composition. Thanks to three different approach but for reaching the same goal. Pipe Operator, Pipe Operator Curry, Pipe Composition.
This example, show you my work for the plugin Pipe Operator Curry.
Looks Good To Me
So, our code, look really good right now !
All functions, are greatly sized, and pretty sweet to read. We use some tricks, but not too easy to understand.
But we can do a little bit more to enhance a bit further.
Type, Types, Typed
I am one of those who think, type checking is a good advancement in Javascript. So as many of us, I used Flow. Flow, look really good and can be invisibly part of the code.
So, let's add type checking to our new sweet syntax.
Do you comment your code ?
The final part is about comments ; I tried several ways to comment out functions. And finally, I have decided to create mine.
A one line way to describe function accoding to the function programming common definition, based on its inputs and ouptut.
So, what are you thinking about this most beautiful Javascript Functional Programming syntax ?
New York state Sen. Greg Ball (R) blasted New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's plan to give municipal identification cards to city residents “regardless of immigration status” in a press release issued Wednesday. Ball dubbed de Blasio “crazed” and said the plan amounted to “terrorist empowerment.”
“Now a decade plus after 9-11, New York's extremist Mayor is laying out a hair brained scheme that can simply be dubbed the ‘de Blasio Terrorist Empowerment Act'. My concern is not about the illegal alien dish washer looking to get to work, this extreme Mayor's proposal, joined by efforts in the New York State Senate to provide New York State driver's licenses to illegals, will simply provide a mask to those seeking to harm the United States,” Ball said.
Ball went on to invoke federal laws raising standards for identification that were passed in the wake of the September 11th attacks.
“Among the September 11th terrorists, 19 of them had over 300 aliases and identifications. They went to other states with lax identification laws and that's why the U.S. Congress enacted the Real ID Act, to save lives,” Ball said. “Now this crazed Mayor wants to forget all that. New York's security is America's security.”
De Blasio outlined the municipal ID proposal in his “State of the City” address Monday.
Ball is an especially outspoken lawmaker. He has previously made headlines with strongly-worded statements on the Boston bombings and gay marriage as well as with his hard-nosed campaign tactics.
Spain international Alvaro Arbeloa is eyeing a move to Major League Soccer as he approaches the end of his long, distinguished career at Real Madrid, reports FutbolMLS.com.
The 32-year-old fullback apparently has one year left on his current contract with Los Merengues and is leaning towards a move to North America when it runs out – and could even leave sooner than that, as he contemplates the possibility of a limited role under new manager Rafa Benitez.
“Sources close to the Salamanca-born player say that Arbeloa has at least two offers from teams from the United States for a change of scenery this summer,” says the report.
“The circumstances seemed to favor that decision, given that Madrid has just signed the Brazilian Danilo, who plays in the same position, and with Dani Carvajal in charge of guarding the Merengues' right flank with a view to next season.”
The 2010 World Cup veteran didn't make his MLS move during the summer transfer window, which closed on this side of the Atlantic last week, as he seeks a fresh start in the La Liga season ahead.
But if his playing time is scarce this fall, he may look to make his exit ahead of schedule over the winter, with Madrid likely to allow him to leave without a transfer fee in recognition of his long service to the Spanish superclub.
“[Arbeloa] wants to say goodbye to the club he loves by winning a title and knows that Rafa Benitez, with whom he previously worked in Liverpool, will give him his chance to get in the team, even acting as a left back, an assignment in which the new Merengues coach has already used him,” added the FutbolMLS.com report.
“In addition, Arbeloa is one of the players most appreciated by Madrid fans, who would not want him to leave the club by the back door. He wants to make it big, and is confident that with Benitez, the team will achieve important things.”
Brian Klawiter, the owner of Dieseltec garage - (WoodTV- screencap)
In a mocking open-letter to a Michigan auto repair shop owner following his anti-gay Facebook rant, a Grand Rapids bankruptcy attorney has offered his services to deal with the economic consequences of the business owner's “inane, incoherent and just plain dumb comments.”
On Tuesday, Grandville auto shop owner Brian Klawiter posted a rambling attack on gays on Facebook, saying he would not service their cars, adding, “Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works.”
In much the same way that owners of Memories Pizza in Indiana were attacked after saying they would refuse to cater a gay wedding, Klawiter's Dieseltec auto shop has been on the receiving end of protests and death threats, seen his Yelp page overwhelmed with critical comments and sexual double entendres (“they applied liberal amounts of lube to my shaft, which again helped it run long & strong“), and saw a GoFundMe page launched, only to have it pulled down.
Sensing a business opportunity, Grand Rapids bankruptcy attorney Jeffrey Mapes, posted an open letter on Michigan Live, saying he too is “white, male, Christian, a business owner, and a gun owner,” and is willing to handle Klawiter's future needs despite his “inane, incoherent and just plain dumb comments” on Facebook.
“I noticed your post on Facebook where you decided to alienate most of the general public by stating that you will refuse service to openly homosexual people, ” Mapes wrote. “This is certainly an unorthodox business strategy, and perhaps it will work for you, but I get the feeling you will need a bankruptcy attorney pretty soon and I wanted to offer my services.”
Mapes took pains to point out that his legal office staff is “friendly and compassionate” and willing to help, including “with some basic grammar that you seem to struggle with.”
“If you still need more convincing, let me assure you that we will make certain that your bankruptcy petition is filed correctly and there are no errors. You stated in your post that you would incorrectly assemble a vehicle in order to prove a point. I want to let you know that despite the fact that I would love to prove a point to you about tolerance, I won't compromise my standards of quality to do so. After all, I have to look in the mirror at the end of the day and if I didn't do my best for everyone, I would have trouble sleeping. Perhaps you could give me pointers on how you sleep at night?” Mapes added.
Mapes went on to advise Klawiter that he was welcome to bring his gun to the office, providing he had the proper permits and would “refrain from menacingly stroking your weapon while you quietly sing David Allen Coe songs to yourself.”
He then offered words of inspiration in the wake of the Facebook post that has caused Klawiter grief , quoting from the Adam Sandler film, “Billy Madison.”
“What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.”
Image caption Students starting in September will face £5,800 in interest charges before they graduate, says the IFS
The government is not shifting on plans to increase interest charges on student loans in England - which will rise to up to 6.1% from the autumn term.
There had been speculation about a rethink over interest charges because of fears of excessive levels of debt.
But on Tuesday the Department for Education and the Student Loans Company confirmed the proposed increase.
The Department for Education said "borrowers will only ever pay back what they can afford".
Labour's shadow education secretary Angela Rayner said young people faced a government which saw "education as something to be sold and their aspirations as something to be taxed".
The announcement rules out suggestions that the government was considering limiting interest rate increases for student loans on tuition fees and maintenance costs from September 2017 to August 2018.
But there has so far been no announcement on whether the government will push ahead with another increase in tuition fees for 2018, which would put fees over £9,500 per year.
University places
Hundreds of thousands of young people will hear about their A-level results and university places this week - and those taking up courses this autumn will be charged 6.1% on loans as soon as they arrive.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jo Johnson says record numbers of poorer students are now getting university places
With fees increasing to £9,250, the Institute for Fiscal Studies has calculated that students will have accumulated £5,800 in interest charges before they have even graduated.
The increase from 4.6% to 6.1% in interest charges will also apply to other former students who have studied since fees were increased to £9,000 in 2012.
The interest rate is based on the inflation rate, using the retail prices index in March, plus an additional 3%.
During the general election, Labour campaigned for scrapping tuition fees - and in the wake of the election there was renewed debate about whether tuition fees and interest charges were unacceptably high.
Former Labour education minister Lord Adonis has called the level of interest charges "indefensible", and the head of the Russell Group of universities has called for a reassessment of interest rates.
The amount of debt owed by students this year went past the £100bn level, having more than doubled in six years.
Labour's Angela Rayner accused the government of "sneaking these changes through without allowing MPs to vote on them".
"Graduate debt is already skyrocketing, and too many students fear a lifetime of debt," she said.
Universities Minister Jo Johnson has argued that the fee system represents a fair distribution of costs between students and taxpayers and that this provides financial sustainability for universities.
He says that this has allowed a record number of students from poorer backgrounds to enter university.
A Department for Education spokeswoman said: "As has always been the case, borrowers will only ever pay back what they can afford so no-one will see monthly repayments rise and only the highest earners will pay the top rate of interest."
The department says that the loans give "protections other lenders don't offer", such as not requiring repayments if income falls below a threshold of £21,000 and that any unpaid debts are paid off after 30 years.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
New York Times reports:
A copy of Mr. Trump's statement was obtained by The New York Times.
The acknowledgment by the president's eldest son that he intended to seek legal counsel after the meeting suggests that he knew, or at least suspected, that accepting potentially damaging information about a rival campaign from a foreign country raised thorny legal issues.
“To the extent they had information concerning the fitness, character or qualifications of a presidential candidate, I believed that I should at least hear them out,” he said. “Depending on what, if any, information they had, I could then consult with counsel to make an informed decision as to whether to give it further consideration.”
Mr. Trump sat down with committee investigators in the Capitol shortly before 9:30 a.m. and was expected to remain under questioning for several hours. The interview was being conducted by staff, but a handful of Democratic senators attended.
Mr. Trump entered the Capitol undercover and did not speak with reporters.
They were a competitive side in the '70s, but it's a pity that not all of their finest players of that era got to play Test cricket
Sunil Wettimuny bats against Australia in the 1975 World Cup, before he was forced to retire hurt, courtesy Thommo © Getty Images
Of late, it seems India play Sri Lanka in some form of cricket just about every other month. These matches, especially one-dayers, have little charm and no one really remembers anything much about them. Sri Lankan cricketers have suffered from over-exposure in India, which is such a pity when you think of the soft caress of Mahela Jayawardene's strokeplay or the elegance of Kumar Sangakkara, to mention just two of their finest.
There was a time, back in the 1970s, when cricketers from Sri Lanka were exotic and rare creatures, who created quite an impact on schoolboys like me in Madras. We caught a glimpse of them during the annual MJ Gopalan Trophy (thankfully now revived after a long hiatus), which pitted the Sri Lankans against the Tamil Nadu state team. The matches were three-day affairs and often keenly contested. And there was the unofficial two-Test series between a near-full-strength Indian team in its pomp and the Sri Lankans in early 1974. Though India won 1-0, the home team more than held their own.
Though the two nations are separated by a narrow strait, Indian and Ceylonese (the country officially became Sri Lanka in 1972) cricketers seemed to be cut from very different cloth. Back then, it seemed the Lankans, especially their batsmen, played with a flair that was more Caribbean than subcontinental. One of the hardest hitters of the ball I have ever seen is Duleep Mendis. Not even Gordon Greenidge or Ian Botham in their pomp smacked the cherry with more power than him. One of his square cuts in Chepauk was hit with such ferocity that the gully fielder simply let the ball go through rather than hurt himself trying to stop it. A stocky figure who looked a lot like India's GR Viswanath but on steroids, Mendis was quick to get on with the game once he got his eye in.
Players like their captain Anura Tennekoon, the left-hander David Heyn, dashing opener Sunil Wettimuny, and Roy Dias (who has to be regarded as the prototype that Mahela was later modelled on), were elegant and technically correct batsmen. I don't remember much about their bowling except for the sheer musicality of some of the names. To hear "Kaluperuma" or "Kehelgamuwa" pronounced by Sri Lankan broadcasters was a treat in itself.
Sri Lanka did not then yet have official Test status (gaining it as late as 1981), and their tiny size and the fact that their contests with a Ranji Trophy team were fairly even, produced in many of us a patronising, big-brotherly attitude. The Lankans would soon put us in our place and how!
A stocky figure who looked a lot like India's GR Viswanath but on steroids, Mendis was quick to get on with the game once he got his eye in
During the inaugural World Cup in 1975, while India responded to the challenge of chasing down England's 334 by inexplicably crawling to 132 for 3 in 60 overs at a little over two runs an over, just four days later the Sri Lankans, faced with Australia's 328, had reached 150 for 2 in the 32nd over and were playing out of their skins. Australia's bowling attack included Jeff Thomson and Dennis Lillee (at their terrifying best then) as well as Max Walker and Ashley Mallett, and the Sri Lankans were facing them in their felt cricket caps, not helmets.
The BBC commentators rhapsodised over their courage and dashing strokeplay. In desperation, the Australian captain Ian Chappell threw the ball to Thomson to see if he could stanch the flow of runs with a wicket or two. Soon enough Wettimuny and Mendis were forced to retire hurt after being hit by brute deliveries from Thommo: Wettimuny was hit twice in succession on the same foot by searing yorkers and Mendis flush on the head by a bouncer. Both were stretchered off the field to a nearby hospital, but Sri Lanka did not fold, and made 276 for 4 to lose with much honour. It was gripping, heroic stuff and a brave contrast to India's clueless and shambolic campaign.
By the next World Cup, in 1979, Sri Lanka's status as a non-Test playing nation was a travesty and symptomatic of much that was wrong with the stodgy ICC. Sri Lanka handily beat India by 47 runs although India supposedly had one of the shortest tails in the tournament, in a team full of bits-and-pieces allrounders. The young men I had watched perfecting their craft when I was a schoolboy - Wettimuny, Mendis and Dias - all got fifties, with Mendis scoring at over a run a ball, slamming the bowlers for three huge sixes and collecting the Man-of-the-Match award. India ended their campaign without a single win in three matches. Their encounter with Sri Lanka was one of the few times I actually remember rooting for an opposition team over my own.
As I watch teams like Bangladesh and Zimbabwe struggle to hold their own even today, despite it being so many years since they attained Test status, the long delay in awarding it to Sri Lanka rankles. It's unfortunate that the likes of Wettimuny and Tennekoon never got to play an official Test match. Yet, at least in my memory, they will rank up there with the best who played the game in the subcontinent.
Sankaran Krishna is a professor of political science at the University of Hawaii, in Honolulu. @SankaranKrishn
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
We've signed fullback Yusuke Tanaka to bolster the first team squad for the upcoming AFC Champions League campaign.
At 28 and coming off a 39 game season with Kawasaki Frontale in the J-League, Tanaka is a key acquisition to the roster.
With a rich footballing pedigree and the ability to play at both left and right fullback, Tanaka will be an important ingredient to our Champions League title defence this season.
Fans might remember Tanaka from the two Group Stage matches in 2014 against Frontale.
CEO John Tsatsimas knows first-hand the talents of this player in the prime of his career.
“Yusuke is a fantastic addition to our squad and brings a great deal of experience to the Wanderers,” said Tsatsimas.
“He is a talented and capable defender who can play either side of defence and having seen first-hand his work rate we feel that he will fit into both our style of play and our team culture very well.”
Starting his professional career at one of Japan's most successful clubs in Yokohama F Marinos, Tanaka played 112 games before transferring to J-League side Kawasaki Frontale in 2011 where he would go on to play 155 matches including in the 2014 ACL.
The experienced Japanese defender has been initially signed on a short-term Champions League contract for the Group Stage and potential Round of 16 matches.
Yusuke Tanaka
Born: 14 April 1986 (28)
Nationality: Japanese
Position: Defender (right or left back)
Height: 1.81m
Senior Clubs
2011-2014 – Kawasaki Frontale (155 apps)
2005-2010 – Yokohama F Marinos (112 apps)
NRMA Insurance Western Sydney Wanderers squad for 2014/15
1. Ante Covic, 2. Shannon Cole, 3. Daniel Mullen, 4. Nikolai Topor-Stanley, 5. Brendan Hamill, 6. Antony Golec, 7. Labinot Haliti, 8. Mateo Poljak, 9. Tomi Juric, 10. Vitor Saba, 11. Brendon Santalab, 12. Nikita Rukavytsya 13. Matthew Spiranovic, 14. Kwabena Appiah, 15. Yianni Perkatis, 16. Jaushua Sotirio, 17. Romeo Castelen, 18. Iacopo La Rocca, 19. Mark Bridge, 20. Dean Bouzanis, 21. Martin Lo, 22. Seyi Adeleke, 23. Jason Trifiro, 31. Alusine Fofanah, 32. Daniel Alessi, 33. Nick Kalmar, 34. Golgol Mebrahtu, 35. Kearyn Baccus, Yusuke Tanaka (number TBC)
As computer scientists this year celebrate the 100th anniversary of the birth of the mathematical genius Alan Turing, who set out the basis for digital computing in the 1930s to anticipate the electronic age, they still quest after a machine as adaptable and intelligent as the human brain.
Now, computer scientist Hava Siegelmann of the University of Massachusetts Amherst, an expert in neural networks, has taken Turing's work to its next logical step. She is translating her 1993 discovery of what she has dubbed "Super-Turing" computation into an adaptable computational system that learns and evolves, using input from the environment in a way much more like our brains do than classic Turing-type computers. She and her post-doctoral research colleague Jeremie Cabessa report on the advance in the current issue of Neural Computation.
"This model is inspired by the brain," she says. "It is a mathematical formulation of the brain's neural networks with their adaptive abilities." The authors show that when the model is installed in an environment offering constant sensory stimuli like the real world, and when all stimulus-response pairs are considered over the machine's lifetime, the Super Turing model yields an exponentially greater repertoire of behaviors than the classical computer or Turing model. They demonstrate that the Super-Turing model is superior for human-like tasks and learning.
"Each time a Super-Turing machine gets input it literally becomes a different machine," Siegelmann says. "You don't want this for your PC. They are fine and fast calculators and we need them to do that. But if you want a robot to accompany a blind person to the grocery store, you'd like one that can navigate in a dynamic environment. If you want a machine to interact successfully with a human partner, you'd like one that can adapt to idiosyncratic speech, recognize facial patterns and allow interactions between partners to evolve just like we do. That's what this model can offer."
Classical computers work sequentially and can only operate in the very orchestrated, specific environments for which they were programmed. They can look intelligent if they've been told what to expect and how to respond, Siegelmann says. But they can't take in new information or use it to improve problem-solving, provide richer alternatives or perform other higher-intelligence tasks.
In 1948, Turing himself predicted another kind of computation that would mimic life itself, but he died without developing his concept of a machine that could use what he called "adaptive inference." In 1993, Siegelmann, then at Rutgers, showed independently in her doctoral thesis that a very different kind of computation, vastly different from the "calculating computer" model and more like Turing's prediction of life-like intelligence, was possible. She published her findings in Science and in a book shortly after.
"I was young enough to be curious, wanting to understand why the Turing model looked really strong," she recalls. "I tried to prove the conjecture that neural networks are very weak and instead found that some of the early work was faulty. I was surprised to find out via mathematical analysis that the neural models had some capabilities that surpass the Turing model. So I re-read Turing and found that he believed there would be an adaptive model that was stronger based on continuous calculations."
Each step in Siegelmann's model starts with a new Turing machine that computes once and then adapts. The size of the set of natural numbers is represented by the notation aleph-zero, ℵ 0 , representing also the number of different infinite calculations possible by classical Turing machines in a real-world environment on continuously arriving inputs. By contrast, Siegelmann's most recent analysis demonstrates that Super-Turing computation has 2ℵ0, possible behaviors. "If the Turing machine had 300 behaviors, the Super-Turing would have 2300, more than the number of atoms in the observable universe," she explains.
The new Super-Turing machine will not only be flexible and adaptable but economical. This means that when presented with a visual problem, for example, it will act more like our human brains and choose salient features in the environment on which to focus, rather than using its power to visually sample the entire scene as a camera does. This economy of effort, using only as much attention as needed, is another hallmark of high artificial intelligence, Siegelmann says.
"If a Turing machine is like a train on a fixed track, a Super-Turing machine is like an airplane. It can haul a heavy load, but also move in endless directions and vary its destination as needed. The Super-Turing framework allows a stimulus to actually change the computer at each computational step, behaving in a way much closer to that of the constantly adapting and evolving brain," she adds.
Siegelmann and two colleagues recently were notified that they will receive a grant to make the first ever Super-Turing computer, based on Analog Recurrent Neural Networks. The device is expected to introduce a level of intelligence not seen before in artificial computation.
Model triumph for Kelly who refuses to wear a prosthetic arm
It is the eyes that stand out first, that intense gaze into the camera that all good models have.
Not until the second glance do you notice Kelly Knox is a little different from the rest.
Miss Knox, who was born without a left forearm, has won a BBC3 competition to find the UK's best disabled model.
Winner: Kelly Knox was born with no left forearm
Her prize is a contract with a top agency, Take 2 Model Management, and a fashion shoot for Marie Claire magazine, which produced the picture seen here.
Miss Knox, 23, who vowed at seven never to wear a prosthetic arm, claimed she never classified herself as disabled, until she decided to enter Britain's Missing Top Model.
Young mum: Jackie shows off her daughter Kelly at just 10 days old
And she doesn't intend her differences to influence her career in the fashion industry.
She said: 'In my household we don't use the word disabled. Never have done, never will do.
'I don't feel disabled but society will label me as being disabled.'
Miss Knox lives with her mother Jackie, 61, in Enfield, North London. She beat hundreds of applicants to appear on the BBC show.
Proud of herself: Kelly aged four(left) and all dressed in blue at nine
The disabilities among the eight finalists ranged from profound deafness to brain injury.
The girls were put through six weeks of modelling tests before the winner was chosen last night by a panel of judges.
Through her triumph, Miss Knox knows she could pave the way for others in her situation.
Rope trick: Kelly Knox was full of adventure, even at the age of seven
Her condition is not genetic, according to doctors, but is just something that happens 'by mistake'.
'It's more likely to be on the left-hand side and it's more common in girls than boys,' she said.
All smiles: Kelly at 10, loved to be the star attraction
'I've had so many messages from people who have been born like this and parents of children who say I am such an inspiration.
'That makes me think, "That's why I did the competition."'
She credited her two brothers Colin, 34, and Karl, 37, for enabling her to stand up for herself.
Cover girl: Kelly is featured in this month's Marie Claire magazine
'At school I was never bullied - which I think makes me very lucky as I know a lot of people would have been bullied.
'Some people born this way have a tough time.'
Miss Knox added: 'I know it sounds really strange but the only time I get the hump is when I get a piece of tough meat on my plate and I can't get into it.
Her current job, as a credit controller for a soft furnishings company, is worlds away from modelling.
She said: 'If I could give up credit control for modelling of course I would.
'Having a taste of that life has made me realise just how much I would love to do it.'
Marie O'Riordan, editor of Marie Claire, said: 'To get disability discussed on the sofas throughout the land is no mean feat and using a popular format of a reality show was a clever way of seducing viewers into a more complex world.
'We hope this does pave the way for girls with disabilities to get into modelling in the future.'
October is a pretty big month for us horror fans because of Halloween. We have our “31 Days of Horror” marathons, our horror challenges, and many more ways to celebrate the month. It is essentially giving all of us a reason to parade our fandom in front of everyone and it's awesome. You would think that October would be filled with tons of horror releases, and usually you would be right. Unfortunately October of 2016 only has nine horror movies seeing the light of day.* Only one of them is a major studio release. What gives, studios?
*I only included films that were seeing some form of theatrical release. Films going straight-to-DVD were not included.
October 7th
The Greasy Strangler
Do you have a taste for the distasteful? Then The Greasy Strangler (review) may be for you! The film follows a father and son who compete for the love of the same woman while an oily serial killer stalks the streets. I'm hard-pressed to recommend the film unless you're under the influence of alcohol and surrounded by a bunch of like-minded folk, but it does have its funny moments.
Phantasm: Remastered
Don Coscarelli's classic supernatural horror film gets the 4K treatment with Phantasm: Remastered. If you're too young to have caught it on the big screen in 1979, now's your chance!
Phantasm: Ravager
The fifth and final installment of the much-beloved Phantasm franchise (to everyone except me, apparently) finally sees a release this month. After some positive festival buzz, fans are more excited than ever. Will Reggie Bannister be able to defeat the Tall Man and rescue his old pal Mike? You'll find out soon enough!
Under the Shadow
It would be a disservice to call Under the Shadow the Iranian Babadook, and that's mostly because it's a much better film (read my review). Set in 1988 Tehran, Babak Anvari's supernatural spook-fest follows a mother and daughter during the Iran-Iraq War as they are haunted by a djinn that they believe was brought to them by an unexploded missile.
October 11th
Shin Godzilla
The 31st Godzilla film (and 29th Toho production) reboots the franchise once again, reimagining Godzilla's origins as he emerges in modern Japan for the first time. Reviews have been mostly positive so far, so be sure to check this one out next week.
October 14th
Jack Goes Home
Thomas Dekker's directorial debut features a star-studded cast (Rory Culkin, Britt Robertson, Lin Shaye, Daveigh Chase, Natasha Lyonne and Nicki Reed are all in the film). In the film, Jack (Culkin) returns to his hometown to help nurse his mother (Shaye) back to health after his father dies in a car crash. I wasn't crazy about the film, but it is nice to see Dekker move behind the camera. It also features a powerfully unhinged performance from Shaye, which is reason enough to see the Jack Goes Home.
October 21st
Ouija: Origin of Evil
When it was announced that Universal Pictures would be making a sequel to one of 2014's worst films, audiences were understandably skeptical. Then it was announced that Oculus and Absentia director Mike Flanagan would be directing and co-writing the film, interest was piqued. If anyone can improve upon the original, it's Flanagan (though the bar isn't exactly set very high). The film is set 50 years prior to the original and follows a young girl who gets possessed by a malevolent spirit after she finds a Ouija board.
Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween
As dumb as it is, Boo! A Madea Halloween does contain horror elements. Plus, you've got to give the film some credit for those two undeniably hilarious posters. The film sees Madea (Perry) looking after her great-niece (Diamond White) while fending off killers, poltergeists and zombies.
October 28th
The Windmill
The only horror film to be released on Halloween weekend isn't even getting a wide release here in the states (it actually hits VOD services three days before it's limited theatrical release). It's pretty depressing. On the bright side, it's apparently pretty good. The film tells the story of a group of tourists whose bus breaks down near a windmill where a Devil-worshipping miller supposedly ground human bones instead of grains.
Which horror movie are you most looking forward to this month? Let us know in the comments below!
Your best choice for a superb sleeping experience
Are you a back sleeper? Side sleeper? Do you vary your sleeping position throughout the night? The new luxury standard/queen size shredded memory foam bed pillow is your best option. You can now conveniently access the high-quality shredded memory foam of your pillow to tuck it or remove some of the fillings to better adjust the loft, firmness, and support according to your specific needs. It will ensure excellent neck and head support and spinal alignment while freeing you from uncomfortable pressure points.
Another great advantage of this LANGRIA new pillow is its bamboo (35%) and polyester (65%) cover. It is super soft to the touch and has an elegant jacquard fabric, which is machine washable, odor-free, anti-bacterial, hypoallergenic and sweat-absorbent.
Last but not least, a 100% cotton pouch is included so you can keep the extra shredded filling that you won't be using to save it for later.
Care information
Extend the lifespan of your pillow by following these recommendations:
- Upon arrival: the pillow will need 24 hours to fully expand its cylindrical shipping shape
- Before its use: gently pat the pillow so it will recover all its fluffiness. Use the following methods: 1) Grab the end of the pillow in each hand. Push the ends of the pillow in-and-out, as you would do playing the accordion. 2) Hit the sides of the pillow simultaneously with your fists.
- After a long time of use: pat the pillow and then keep it in the sun for 5 minutes to restore its original fluffy form. 3) Squeeze the pillows from the top and bottom (the wide part).
- When dirty: unzip the outer bamboo cover and wash it by hand or machine in cold water and tumble dry. Do not wash the shredded memory foam filling or the inner cover that encloses the filling.
Product specifications
Dimensions (W x D x H): 26 x 17 x 7 inches (66 x 43 x 18 cm)
Net weight: 3.64 lbs. (1.65 kg)
Bhubaneswar: In a bid to protect women from being branded witch through the prevailing hunting and other similar practices, the Assembly today unanimously passed the Odisha Prevention of Witch-Hunting Bill, 2013 with provisions of imprisonment up to seven years and penalty for offenders.
Odisha became the fourth state in the country after Bihar, Chhattishgarh and Jharkhand to have special legislation against the practice of witch-hunting, said Parliamentary Affairs Minister Kalpataru Das.
While 31 women were killed after being branded witch in 2010 in the state, 39 and 35 women died under similar circumstances in 2011 and 2012 respectively, he said.
The Orissa High Court last year asked the state to make a legislation to deal with such crimes.
While introducing the bill, the minister said it was found that women were deliberately being branded witch by men after they failed to exploit them sexually or to snatch their properties.
"Women have been killed, tonsured, sexually abused and put to unbearable punishment after branding them witch," Das said.
Das, who introduced the bill on behalf of Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik, who holds the home department, said such incidents also take place in states like Haryana, West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Assam and Andhra Pradesh.
The bill which was debated for about four hours in the evening session of the assembly, prohibits witch-hunting and practising witchcraft.
"Whoever forces any woman, branding her a witch, to drink or eat any inedible substance or any other obnoxious substance or parade her with painted face or body or commits any similar acts which is derogatory to human dignity or displace from her house, shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than one year but may extend to five years and with fine," the bill said.
The bill also has provisions of penalty for a witch doctor, a person who claimed to be black magician. The punishment would be harsher for a person committing a crime under this bill for a second time.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
I was excited when I signed up for redditgifts during Christmas and floored when I saw that there were multiple gift exchanges throughout the year just a few months ago. I sigNed up for the snack exchange and the action figure exchange because I would like something different to taste and something cool to have. It's kind of like having a birthday more than once a year or getting the special gift from someone.
this package insisted of granola, popcorn, chocolate bars of 3 different kinds, chocolate eggs, and toffee!
so far I have tasted the granola and the caramel corn. I am sharing with my boyfriend who is now insistent on signing up for gift exchange. He is bummed that he missed out on this one so maybe we'll sign up for the rematch. Thanks for the awesome gift and I hope you got something rad in return!
An unsurprising graph from Gallup:
Paul Waldman of the liberal American Prospect responds by zeroing in on the Republican line:
The next time you get an urge to say that the country is gripped by a belief that government is dangerously out of control and that it's threatening our freedom, remind yourself that the country is not in fact gripped by those beliefs. Republicans are gripped by those beliefs, and the fact that they're yelling them very loudly doesn't mean they're shared by everyone else.
Will Wilkinson reacts:
This is fair enough, I suppose. But it would be equally fair to note that Democrats are "gripped" by similarly impugnable beliefs. The advent of the Obama era has evidently put Democratic minds at ease. But why? Is government now, as a matter of fact, less of a threat to American citizens? President Obama seems no better than George Bush on those issues that presumably led a majority of Democrats to view Washington as a threat. Indeed, the continuity between the Obama and Bush administrations on these issues is so complete, it would be misleading to characterise Mr Obama as "Bush light". Mr Obama's stance on civil liberties and executive power amount to a vigorous affirmation of the very policies he openly deplored during the campaign. He has, for example, asserted the authority to order the assassination of American citizens, which seems pretty threatening to me. The fact that the Obama administration is deporting record numbers of undocumented immigrants may not seem a threat to citizens, but it is. And as we noted the other day, the Obama Department of Justice has directly threatened to arrest and imprison Californians who buy and sell marijuana, whether or not California voters choose to make it legal in their state.
Mr Waldman is right to suggest that today's Republican alarm and Democratic light-heartedness are partisan phenomena. But one is no sillier than the other. The majority of Democrats who saw government as a threat in 2007 were right to do so, and nothing truly significant has changed since then.
I disagree with Wilkinson on one point: I think one is sillier than the other. Even if it's mostly for partisan reasons, the Republicans at least are moving in the right direction. For now.
Throughout our lives, our brains adapt to what we learn and memorise. The brain is indeed made up of complex networks of neurons and synapses that are constantly re-configured. However, in order for learning to leave a trace, connections must be stabilized. A team at the University of Geneva (UNIGE) discovered a new cellular mechanism involved in the long-term stabilization of neuron connections, in which non-neuronal cells, called astrocytes, play a role unidentified until now. These results, published in Current Biology, will lead to a better understanding of neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental diseases.
The central nervous system excitatory synapses - points of contact between neurons that allow them to transmit signals - are highly dynamic structures, which are continuously forming and dissolving. They are surrounded by non-neuronal cells, or glial cells, which include the distinctively star-shaped astrocytes. These cells form complex structures around synapses, and play a role in the transmission of cerebral information which was widely unknown before.
Plasticity and Stability
By increasing neuronal activity through whiskers stimulation of adult mice, the scientists were able to observe, in both the somatosensory cortex and the hippocampus, that this increased neuronal activity provokes an increase in astrocytes movements around synapses. The synapses, surrounded by astrocytes, re-organise their architecture, which protects them and increases their longevity. The team of researchers led by Dominique Muller, Professor in the Department of Fundamental Neuroscience of the Faculty of Medicine at UNIGE, developed new techniques that allowed them to specifically "control" the different synaptic structures, and to show that the phenomenon took place exclusively in the connections between neurons involved in learning. "In summary, the more the astrocytes surround the synapses, the longer the synapses last, thus allowing learning to leave a mark on memory," explained Yann Bernardinelli, the lead author on this study.
This study identifies a new, two-way interaction between neurons and astrocytes, in which the learning process regulates the structural plasticity of astrocytes, who in turn determine the fate of the synapses. This mechanism indicates that astrocytes apparently play an important role in the processes of learning and memory, which present abnormally in various neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental diseases, among which Alzheimer's, autism, or Fragile X syndrome.
This discovery highlights the until now underestimated importance of cells which, despite being non-neuronal, participate in a crucial way in the cerebral mechanisms that allow us to learn and retain memories of what we have learned.
###
Highest income counties in 2011
The Washington region dominates the latest list of the highest income U.S. counties. New 2011 data from the Census Bureau show that Loudon and Fairfax counties held on in the top two spots, while Arlington moved into third place, up from fifth the year before. This list shows the new top 100. Read related article.
2011
Rank Prior
rank County State 2011 Income 1 1 Loudoun VA 119,134 2 2 Fairfax VA 105,797 3 5 Arlington VA 100,735 4 4 Hunterdon NJ 99,099 5 3 Howard MD 98,953 6 8 Somerset NJ 96,360 7 9 Prince William VA 95,146 8 16 Fauquier VA 93,762 9 6 Douglas CO 93,573 10 12 Montgomery MD 92,909 11 15 Charles MD 91,733 12 11 Nassau NY 91,414 13 7 Stafford VA 91,348 14 10 Morris NJ 91,332 15 28 Putnam NY 90,735 16 13 Calvert MD 89,393 17 31 Williamson TN 86,962 18 17 Delaware OH 85,365 19 18 Santa Clara CA 84,895 20 37 York VA 84,167 21 27 Anne Arundel MD 84,138 22 25 Carroll MD 84,117 23 26 Suffolk NY 84,106 24 20 Sussex NJ 83,839 25 34 Carver MN 83,348 26 39 Alexandria city VA 82,748 27 46 Fort Bend TX 82,271 28 44 Collin TX 82,237 29 21 Rockland NY 82,217 30 35 Forsyth GA 82,209 31 33 Rockwall TX 82,061 32 32 Norfolk MA 81,889 33 23 San Mateo CA 81,657 33 14 St. Mary's MD 81,657 35 30 Hamilton IN 80,999 36 42 Scott MN 80,864 37 38 Kendall IL 80,655 38 29 Monmouth NJ 79,334 39 41 Bergen NJ 79,272 40 19 Chester PA 79,160 41 47 Tolland CT 78,210 42 64 Harford MD 78,123 43 24 Frederick MD 77,791 44 51 Fairfield CT 77,289 45 79 Middlesex CT 77,193 46 22 Marin CA 77,168 47 40 Westchester NY 77,006 48 48 Middlesex MA 76,978 49 43 Washington MN 76,491 50 58 Spotsylvania VA 76,475 51 49 Montgomery PA 76,220 52 55 Rockingham NH 75,982 53 63 Ventura CA 74,623 54 45 Middlesex NJ 74,522 55 56 Contra Costa CA 74,353 56 53 Lake IL 74,266 57 57 DuPage IL 74,072 58 70 Mercer NJ 73,890 59 59 Ozaukee WI 73,703 60 36 Fayette GA 72,962 61 54 Burlington NJ 72,896 62 60 Anchorage Municipality AK 72,813 63 72 Waukesha WI 72,562 64 71 Orange CA 72,293 65 67 Will IL 71,882 66 74 Gloucester NJ 71,850 67 52 James City VA 71,667 68 83 Chesterfield VA 71,110 69 76 Prince George's MD 70,715 70 69 Bucks PA 70,617 71 73 Richmond NY 70,578 72 86 McHenry IL 70,117 73 81 Dakota MN 69,902 74 66 San Francisco CA 69,894 75 68 Johnson KS 69,856 76 115 Dallas IA 69,831 77 220 Parker TX 69,706 78 89 Denton TX 69,644 79 75 Washington RI 69,528 80 95 Warren OH 69,201 81 121 Frederick VA 69,155 82 50 Newport RI 69,119 83 96 Litchfield CT 69,097 84 112 Davis UT 69,021 85 90 Placer CA 68,959 86 98 King WA 68,775 87 85 Matanuska-Susitna Borough AK 68,672 88 129 Boulder CO 68,637 89 61 Plymouth MA 68,253 90 93 Wright MN 68,242 91 78 Dutchess NY 67,727 92 142 Olmsted MN 67,618 93 92 Alameda CA 67,558 94 62 Hanover VA 67,505 95 106 Livingston MI 67,441 96 108 Williamson TX 67,246 97 145 Washington WI 67,232 98 77 Sherburne MN 67,198 99 88 Hillsborough NH 66,609 100 65 Warren NJ 66,594
SOURCE: American Community Survey GRAPHIC: Ted Mellnik - The Washington Post. Published Sept. 20, 2012.
Diana Choyleva of Lombard Street Research, who produces an “unmassaged” calculation of China's true economic growth, just reported that China's fourth quarter GDP growth plummeted to 1.7 percent, versus the official 7.4 percent rate.
According Choyleva, “Dire data out of China are competing head-on with the Greek political drama as the most destabilizing factor for the global economy and financial markets.”
Lombard Street calculates that in 2014, real annual GDP growth averaged 4.4 percent, versus the official government rate of 7.3 percent. But what is more foreboding for the Middle Kingdom is that they see economic growth sequentially collapsing. Choyleva estimates that China's third quarter fell to 4 percent and fourth quarter growth plummeted to 1.7 percent.
Lombard Street was the first to understand that the Chinese government responded to the 2008 to 2009 financial crisis with a monetary stimulus that, adjusted for the size of economy, was twice as big as the U.S. stimulus and was injected twice as fast. The result was an epic economic boom in Chinese exports, real estate prices, and wage rates. For commodity-based economies, China's demand created a boom that drove the commodity price index—including energy, materials, food, and raw materials—up by 50 percent.
While most analysts were praising China as an “economic miracle,” Choyleva warned 18 months ago that China was already in an economic “hard landing.” She argued China's artificially driven “success” came at the cost of rising labor and manufacturing costs. With higher China costs being the “new normal,” multi-national corporations began skipping the Middle Kingdom for cheaper pastures such as Malaysia and Vietnam.
Lombard's contrarian conclusions have been confirmed by UniGroup Relocation, which each year moves over 260,000 expat families worldwide for work. UniGroup found that in 2014, twice as many foreign nationals moved out of China than into the country. Steve Lewis, Managing Director of UniGroup Relocation Asia Pacific told the WSJ, “We have done some mass moves into Malaysia from China as certain people choose to do research and development and manufacturing there.”
With China running out of gas, and commodity prices that peaked in 2011 and 2012, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) reported the orderly decline became a rout in 2014 as the commodity price index tumbled by 29.2 percent, led by energy prices down 39.0 percent, and iron ore prices down 49 percent.
As commodity prices have fallen on lower demand, China has been making the world suffer its problems by exporting deflation for the last 32 months. With the 28-nation European Union as its biggest export market, cheaper prices allowed China to increase EU exports by 17.0 percent. Surging Chinese imports caused the EU to enter deflation as prices fell by 0.1 percent in 2014. The pace of damage is accelerating as 16 EU members experienced annual declines in consumer prices in December, up from 4 in November.
EU central bankers have tried to claim falling prices don't “necessarily” constitute deflation risks. But historically consumers and businesses cut spending as prices fall, expecting lower prices later. Lower spending then causes waves of output and employment declines pushing prices lower. This is exactly what is happening in Greece.
After crushing their customer's economies with deflation, China's exports fell by 3.3 percent last year. But during the same period, China's imports tanked by a stunning 19.9 percent.
Lombard Street warns “China is beset by the largest capital outflows on record, which are tightening domestic monetary conditions, while industrial profits have stagnated for an unprecedented third straight year.” From a second highest capital inflow of $94 billion in the first quarter of 2014, the fourth quarter saw an all-time-record outflow of $95 billion as foreigners and locals desperately tried to get their cash out of China.
Lombard Street blames Beijing's monetary stimulus, causing a 70 percent debt build-up to finance the national investment boom in new factories and housing. But the surge in spending also forced wages up to the point China is no longer noncompetitive.
Diana Choyleva believes that China's currency is overvalued by 15-25 percent. “An expensive currency in a world of weak demand makes it impossible for China to rebalance its economy without a collapse.” She believes that China's “only viable option” is to sell a substantial amount of its $1.3 trillion in U.S. Treasury Bond holdings to drive U.S. interest rates up. The action would strengthen the dollar and devalue the Chinese yuan.
With a growth rate under 5 percent, China is suffering a big spike in unemployment and corporate borrowing defaults. Although a big Chinese government-sponsored devaluation would resolve the crisis, such an action would destroy jobs in the U.S. and risk the outbreak of retaliatory tariffs. In the 1930s, Britain and the United States got into a trade war and plunged the world into a deflationary depression.
Ships. We love them, we fight for them, we cry for them and now we are going to dance to them! Our passion for our most loved ships runs as deep as a T. Swift jam. So what if our favorite ships were Taylor Swift songs? Let's find out!
Dean and Cas (Supernatural) – “Wildest Dreams”
Notable lyrics: “He's so tall, handsome as Hell.” and “Heaven can't help me now.”
Don't forget all those sighs! Listen to this with Cas and Dean in mind and it will give you all sorts of Destiel feels. Some fans of the show say they are just friends but then there are those of us who see the mounds of subtext between these too. Come on, do you SEE the way Cas looks at Dean. (sigh) This ship might be a dream (for now) but it's legit.
Fitzsimmons (Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.) – “The Story of Us”
Notable lyrics: “The story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.”
These two. They were partners in the lab, best friends and then things changed. They FINALLY admitted their feelings but an astronaut on a Hydra monster inhabited planet got in the way of their love. Their latest tragedy (Fitz's [SPOILER]) is by far the hardest for Simmons (and for us)! It seems like it will all work out, but nothing is ever easy for this couple.
Klaus and Caroline (The Vampire Diaries/The Originals) – “I Knew You Were Trouble”
Notable lyrics: “I knew you were trouble when you walked in.”
He certainly was trouble and he was really bad back when Klaus and Caroline first gave us the shippers itch, but DAMN. They had so much chemistry that it didn't matter what he had done. Klaus' love for Caroline was what redeemed him. He went from big bad to the reformed vamp we hoped would get the girl. They shared an intense tryst in the woods and even more contact after TVD ended. No matter what, we will always love them.
Major and Liv (iZombie) – “We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together”
Notable lyrics: “We called it off again last night.” and “I used to think that we were forever, ever.”
These poor souls really SHOULD be together but with Liv being a Zombie and Major being cured and so many more hurdles after that, they just can't have anything normal. They were engaged and things were great but Liv broke it off when she turned. They tried it again, but broke up for the same reason. And now things are more complicated than ever. If their circumstances don't change, it seems like these two soul mates aren't ever, ever getting back together. Like ever.
Stiles and Lydia (Teen Wolf) – “I'm Only Me When I'm With You”
Notable lyrics: “You drive me crazy half the time.” and “Nobody gets me like you do.”
He has always loved her and she trusts him more than anyone. They will always fight to the death for each other and officially got together in Season 6. In the pack, there is an unspoken, common knowledge understanding that Stiles and Lydia are bound. She was his anchor for crying out loud! He FREAKS out anytime he thinks she is in danger and has always had mad respect for her intellect. We love them!!!
Bellamy and Clarke (The 100) – “End Game”
Notable lyrics: “Ooh you and me would be a big conversation” and “I got some big enemies”
I said what I said.
Oliver and Felicity (Arrow) – “White Horse”
Notable lyrics: “It's too late for you and your white horse to come around.” and “I had so many dreams about you and me, happy endings. Now I know.”
This song choice is more of a nod to seasons past when Olicity was on the rocks, but things seem way more solid now. After seasons of sexual tension and crazy chemistry, they finally got together and their relationship has not been without some heavy drama and hardships (aka Ollie's jail time). They will never have the apple pie life they deserve, but they are such a solid couple that even their former rough patches can't break them.
Lexa and Clarke (The 100) – “Everything Has Changed”
Notable lyrics: “You'll be mine and I'll be yours.” and “And all I feel in my stomach is butterflies, the beautiful kind.” and “And your eyes look like coming home.”
There really isn't much I can say to do this relationship justice. It was epic. They were so connected and their love was unfairly cut short. Lexa was a magnificent character who showed us that it's okay to change and adapt. She also learned that following your heart doesn't make you weak. Love can be your strength. Clarke and Lexa will always be together in our hearts, if not on our screens. May they meet again.
Elena and Damon (The Vampire Diaries) – “Red”
Notable lyrics: “Loving him is like trying to change your mind once you're already flying through the free fall.”
Damon and Elena did not start out as lovers. She hated him and he didn't care. But somewhere after he ditched the fog and the bird, Damon started to fall for Elena and to everyone's disbelief, she loved him back. They had to wait decades for their reunion but it was worth it.
Barry and Iris (The Flash) – “You Belong With Me”
Notable lyrics: “If you can see I'm the one who understands you. Been here all along so why can't you see, you belong with me.”
Barry has always loved Iris but they have always been just friends, until now. They are MARRIED!!!!! They have their troubles and tensions, but these two are unbreakable! #LOVE
Magnus and Alec (Shadowhunters) “Love Story”
Notable lyrics: “See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns, see you make your way through the crowd” and “I got tired of waiting, wondering if you were ever coming around.”
Magnus and Alec's epic love story didn't start off the way you'd think! They clearly had a thing BEFORE they ever had a thing. Magnus walked into Alec's wedding and they shared an Earth shattering kiss. They are one of TV's greatest love stories and we can't wait to see more of them! #SaveShadowhunters
And finally, a song dedicated to the dark side of the world of shipping. To the haters and the recipients of the hater's hate, I say:
Be cool and be kind. We all love our shows! Get it T. Swift. Get it.
This post was updated October 9, 2018
(Image: google.com, mtv.com, cwtv.com, abc.com)
As a lover — and keeper — of diaries and notebooks, I find myself returning again and again to the question of what compels us — what propels us — to record our impressions of the present moment in all their fragile subjectivity. From Joan Didion's 1968 anthology Slouching Towards Bethlehem (public library) — the same volume that gave us her timeless meditation on self-respect — comes a wonderful essay titled “On Keeping a Notebook,” in which Didion considers precisely that. Though the essay was originally written nearly half a century ago, the insights at its heart apply to much of our modern record-keeping, from blogging to Twitter to Instagram.
After citing a seemingly arbitrary vignette she had found scribbled in an old notebook, Didion asks:
Why did I write it down? In order to remember, of course, but exactly what was it I wanted to remember? How much of it actually happened? Did any of it? Why do I keep a notebook at all? It is easy to deceive oneself on all those scores. The impulse to write things down is a peculiarly compulsive one, inexplicable to those who do not share it, useful only accidentally, only secondarily, in the way that any compulsion tries to justify itself. I suppose that it begins or does not begin in the cradle. Although I have felt compelled to write things down since I was five years old, I doubt that my daughter ever will, for she is a singularly blessed and accepting child, delighted with life exactly as life presents itself to her, unafraid to go to sleep and unafraid to wake up. Keepers of private notebooks are a different breed altogether, lonely and resistant rearrangers of things, anxious malcontents, children afflicted apparently at birth with some presentiment of loss. […] The point of my keeping a notebook has never been, nor is it now, to have an accurate factual record of what I have been doing or thinking. That would be a different impulse entirely, an instinct for reality which I sometimes envy but do not possess.
To that end, she confesses a lifelong failure at keeping a diary:
I always had trouble distinguishing between what happened and what merely might have happened, but I remain unconvinced that the distinction, for my purposes, matters.
What, then, does matter?
How it felt to me: that is getting closer to the truth about a notebook. I sometimes delude myself about why I keep a notebook, imagine that some thrifty virtue derives from preserving everything observed. See enough and write it down, I tell myself, and then some morning when the world seems drained of wonder, some day when I am only going through the motions of doing what I am supposed to do, which is written — on that bankrupt morning I will simply open my notebook and there it will all be, a forgotten account with accumulated interest, paid passage back to the world out there: dialogue overheard in hotels and elevators and at the hat-check counter in Pavillon (one middle-aged man shows his hat check to another and says, ‘That's my old football number'); impressions of Bettina Aptheker and Benjamin Sonnenberg and Teddy (‘Mr. Acapulco') Stauffer; careful aperçus about tennis bums and failed fashion models and Greek shipping heiresses, one of whom taught me a significant lesson (a lesson I could have learned from F. Scott Fitzgerald, but perhaps we all must meet the very rich for ourselves) by asking, when I arrived to interview her in her orchid-filled sitting room on the second day of a paralyzing New York blizzard, whether it was snowing outside. I imagine, in other words, that the notebook is about other people. But of course it is not. I have no real business with what one stranger said to another at the hat-check counter in Pavillon; in fact I suspect that the line ‘That's my old football number' touched not my own imagination at all, but merely some memory of something once read, probably ‘The Eighty-Yard Run.' Nor is my concern with a woman in a dirty crepe-de-Chine wrapper in a Wilmington bar. My stake is always, of course, in the unmentioned girl in the plaid silk dress. Remember what it was to be me: that is always the point. It is a difficult point to admit. We are brought up in the ethic that others, any others, all others, are by definition more interesting than ourselves; taught to be diffident, just this side of self-effacing. (‘You're the least important person in the room and don't forget it,' Jessica Mitford's governess would hiss in her ear on the advent of any social occasion; I copied that into my notebook because it is only recently that I have been able to enter a room without hearing some such phrase in my inner ear.) Only the very young and the very old may recount their dreams at breakfast, dwell upon self, interrupt with memories of beach picnics and favorite Liberty lawn dresses and the rainbow trout in a creek near Colorado Springs. The rest of us are expected, rightly, to affect absorption in other people's favorite dresses, other people's trout.
Once again, Didion returns to the egoic driver of the motive to write:
And so we do. But our notebooks give us away, for however dutifully we record what we see around us, the common denominator of all we see is always, transparently, shamelessly, the implacable “I.” We are not talking here about the kind of notebook that is patently for public consumption, a structural conceit for binding together a series of graceful pensées; we are talking about something private, about bits of the mind's string too short to use, an indiscriminate and erratic assemblage with meaning only for its maker.
Ultimately, Didion sees the deepest value of the notebook as a reconciliation tool for the self and all of its iterations:
I think we are well advised to keep on nodding terms with the people we used to be, whether we find them attractive company or not. Otherwise they turn up unannounced and surprise us, come hammering on the mind's door at 4 a.m. of a bad night and demand to know who deserted them, who betrayed them, who is going to make amends. We forget all too soon the things we thought we could never forget. We forget the loves and the betrayals alike, forget what we whispered and what we screamed, forget who we were. […] It is a good idea, then, to keep in touch, and I suppose that keeping in touch is what notebooks are all about. And we are all on our own when it comes to keeping those lines open to ourselves: your notebook will never help me, nor mine you.
The rest of Slouching Towards Bethlehem is brimming with the same kind of uncompromising insight, sharp and soft at the same time, on everything from morality to marriage to self-respect. Complement this particular portion with celebrated writers on the creative benefits of keeping a diary.
Winnipeg police responding to a suspicious fire in a Transcona industrial building made an unusual discovery — boxes of scorched documents that the RCMP later scooped up as part of their fraud investigation into Canada Post's Winnipeg mail-processing plant.
On a rainy Sunday in June 2016, Winnipeg firefighters responded to reports of smoke inside a mostly vacant, 150,000-square-foot Regent Avenue building that once served as a sales outlet for Canada One RV.
The structure is owned by a numbered company controlled by Armik Babakhanians, the president of Caspian Construction, the company at the centre of RCMP investigations into construction of the $100-million-plus Canada Post facility near Richardson International Airport and the $214-million Winnipeg police headquarters. Caspian was the contractor hired for both jobs.
Arriving at the scene in Transcona just before noon, firefighters found signs of a break-in and asked the Winnipeg Police Service to investigate what appeared to be a suspicious fire.
About three hours later, Winnipeg police arson investigator Det. Sgt. Kathy Antymis called up one of the RCMP officers assigned to the Mounties' investigation of the construction of the police headquarters and the Canada Post mail-sorting facility.
The RCMP received permission from a judge to hold on to mail-processing-plant construction records such as this invoice, marked "inflated." (RCMP) Antymis told Sgt. Breanne Chanel that city police found something in the building of sufficient interest to warrant the RCMP investigator to take her own tour of the property in the company of a Winnipeg police officer.
"On the 2nd floor I observed what appeared to be a room filled with cardboard boxes. Some were on shelves, others were on the floor and appeared to be partly burned," Chanel said in a sworn affidavit provided to a judge in order to obtain a search warrant for the building.
​"I observed a pipe and what appeared to be a sprinkler head above the burned boxes which appeared to have a wooden wedge placed under it. There was pooled water on the floor.
"I observed two rubber maid bins and a cardboard bankers box which contained numerous manila file folders which appeared to be filled with documents."
Binders marked 'true' and 'inflated'
The folders were marked "Winnipeg Mail Processing Plant," wrote Chanel, who had reviewed mail-sorting facility files seized by RCMP during a raid on Caspian Construction's McGillivray Boulevard headquarters in December 2014.
The files found during that raid, which was part of the police headquarters investigation, included two binders containing mail-sorting-plant invoices marked "true" and "inflated," Chanel alleged in her affidavit.
Chanel said she had met with Canada Post in February 2016 to review their construction contract with the Caspian and look over change orders related to the project.
"The contracts indicated that concerning change orders, Caspian was entitled to claim true cost, plus 10% overhead and 10% profit. The review showed on some change orders, Canada Post is believed to have paid Caspian costs at an inflated rate, based on invoices which are believed to have been altered," Chanel wrote in an affidavit attached to an August 2016 court order that allowed RCMP to hold on to seized material.
Firefighters responded to reports of smoke at this Transcona industrial building in June 2016. They suspected arson and called Winnipeg police, who notified RCMP of the presence of Caspian Construction documents. (Jaison Empson/CBC) The information in the invoices led the RCMP to start a formal investigation of the mail-sorting facility, using some of the same investigators working on the police-headquarters investigation, Chanel said.
In court documents, the RCMP allege Caspian owner Armik Babakhanians and Caspian employee Pam Anderson defrauded Canada Post by submitting inflated invoices and false change-order and cost-breakdown sheets during the 2008-12 construction period.
The RCMP also allege Babakhanians and Anderson made "a false entry" with the intent to defraud the Crown corporation.
Caspian employee reported fire
"A person identifying herself as Pam Anderson" brought firefighters and ultimately police to the Babakhanians-controlled Regent Avenue structure last spring by reporting "a smell of smoke in the building," Chanel's August 2016 affidavit said.
The RCMP search of the Regent Avenue West building yielded "approximately 8 bankers' boxes of documents containing documents and records related to the WMPP [Winnipeg mail processing plant] project," Chanel wrote in the affidavit.
She said police took steps to dry and preserve the materials, some of which were damaged by water during the fire.
"A preliminary review of the records suggests they are records from Caspian's job folder for the WMPP project. The records appear to contain Caspian's record of invoicing and balancing of accounts with subtrades from this project," Chanel wrote in her affidavit.
Police went to an accessory structure at the Transcona property the morning after the fire. (James Rinn/CBC) The RCMP intended to contact subtrades that worked on the Canada Post plant to seek witness statements and verify project costs, she wrote. Once records were collected from the Caspian, Canada Post and the subtrades, the RCMP would compare the data and try to find explanations for discrepancies, she wrote.
Chanel expected the Canada Post investigation to take another six to nine months, she said in her August 2016 affidavit. She also said she anticipated "fraud and other related charges" would be laid at the end of the investigation.
No charges have been laid so far and none of the RCMP's allegations have been proven in court.
Babakhanians and Anderson could not be reached for comment.
On the day of the fire, the Winnipeg Police Service said six of its officers were exposed to a hazardous chemical and required treatment.
The chemical exposure occurred while members were in the building. The Winnipeg Fire Paramedic Service's hazardous-materials unit was called in to treat the victims.
"As far as we know, there were no long-term issues," Const. Rob Carver said in an interview this week. "As a result of the fire, there was some chemical residue. We weren't able to determine what it was."
The exact cause of the fire had not been determined and no charges have been laid, he added, estimating the damage at about $15,000.
Carver cautioned against drawing any conclusions about the fire simply because Caspian documents were damaged.
"It's easy to kind of put two and two together and suddenly get five," he said.
The Last of Us blew every gamer out of the water when it was released in 2013, personally, it is one of my favorite titles not only because it is survival horror, but because it began to right the tilting ship that was survival horror in the industry. Up to that point, survival horror was becoming a massive action set piece with little to no scares, Naughty Dog decided to go back to the original survival horror floor plan and give us suspense, action, and terror. They also gave us one of the biggest twists in gaming history which makes me surprised they had begun the sequel (The Last of Us Part 2) in 2014. The Last of Us is a near perfect game, and making a sequel makes me nervous, just look at Dead Space, the following two games were just not as good as the first. Will Naughty Dog be able to buck that trend? I hope they do; I want another romp in Clicker filled forests where one wrong move could end my game, but I want that romp to live up to its predecessor, not sully it.
We learned about Naughty Dog's sequel at 2016's PlayStation Experience in December. I remember seeing the Fireflies logo at the beginning of the trailer and getting goosebumps just thinking about what I may experience in the years to come. Troy Baker and Ashley Johnson are returning as Joel and Ellie. The story will be penned by Neil Druckmann and Halley Gross, and the music will again be composed by Gustavo Santaolalla. Neil Druckmann will also take over directing duties due to the fact that the original director, Bruce Straley is on a brief hiatus from the company. Druckmann has stated that while the first game was a game that centered around love, this sequel will be centered around hate. That is what makes me most excited; revenge movies and games are some of my favorite titles: The Punisher, is one of my favorite superheroes, and Death Wish is one of my favorite movies. I guess I'm more of an eye for an eye type of guy than turning the other cheek.
I scoured the Internet for more information on this already Game of the Year contender and have honestly found very little. Every now and then you get Troy Baker all dolled up in the mo-cap suit, but nothing that gives any hint at all to the plot or story of the game. Naughty Dog and Sony seem to be keeping their lips tight on this title, and I understand why. The less you know about something, the more you want to know about it and the quicker you are to purchase it to see what they've been hiding. It's really smart marketing as far as I'm concerned and just with that trailer this is a Day One purchase for me, I may even take a vacation for this title. And all I really know is that Joel fulfilled his promise to teach Ellie the guitar, the game is set five years or so in the future and Ellie has turned into a rage machine. Take my money now!
There is no doubt that The Last of Us Part 2 will be huge for both Sony and Naughty Dog, bringing them critical awards and copious amounts of cash. Let us hope that Naughty Dog didn't decide to muck up the gameplay though, I would hate for them to have turned this title into a co-op mess like Dead Space 3. They need to stick to the feeling of isolation, even if Joel is following me around, and hopefully, they will have fixed the A.I. from the last game. There's nothing more frustrating that as you try vainly to hide from people and Ellie was wandering around in front of them with no consequence; that frustrated me, why couldn't I do that as well? If they stick to their previous formula, minus the love then I really think they'll have magic in a bottle a second time. I can't wait to break some skulls as Ellie while Joel facepalms.
I'm hoping that Sony and Naughty Dog reveal The Last of Us Part 2‘s release date, I honestly don't want to know anything more about the plot or story. The teaser trailer was enough to get me to buy the game, don't show me more so I won't try to figure it out. What worries me though is it Sony decides to make this a PS Pro exclusive, I was somewhat upset when I heard Knack 2 was a PS Pro exclusive, but not heartbroken. I enjoyed the first Knack, but it wasn't my cup of tea. However, The Last of Us is my entire teapot and I think that fans will riot if they decide to console lock The Last of Us Part 2. I won't dish out for a PS Pro just yet due to the fact I have no need for a 4K television yet, having them force me to do so will leave a very bad taste in my mouth for Sony AND Naughty Dog.
Let's hope there's plenty of aspirin at the White House, because the Trump administration has another headache to deal with.
Despite weeks of talk of getting tough on leakers, Trump can't seem to stop his staff from feeding the press juicy tidbits, ranging from reports of internal strife to drafts of upcoming executive orders. And if this most recent leak is any indication, it's only going to get worse: An anonymous White House source just sent The New York Times Reince Priebus in a duffel bag.
Advertisement
Yikes. Sean Spicer, meet your newest ulcer.
The duffel bag arrived at The New York Times Building this morning, addressed to the editorial staff, with only a 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue return address to identify the sender. When opened, the bag proved to contain Reince Priebus in his entirety, a massive and potentially explosive disclosure likely to send shockwaves through the Beltway and beyond.
Soon after the delivery, the Times sent out a tweet informing the public of this latest leak:
Advertisement
The New York Times has so far refrained from releasing Priebus himself but has confirmed that he is 5-foot-9, pale, and somewhat dehydrated, which White House insiders have taken as confirmation of his veracity. While some outlets might have rushed Priebus out to the public and let them draw their own conclusions, the more cautious Times are clearly treading lightly over the tricky territory of handling the leaked chief of staff.
Trump has taken to Twitter to berate the press for its use of anonymous sources and the intelligence community for failing to plug his leaky administration. He also blasted The New York Times as fake news, despite Priebus verifiably coming from Trump's own cabinet:
Advertisement
Meanwhile, on the airwaves, Sean Spicer and Kellyanne Conway are in full damage-control mode, insisting that the fact that Priebus was leaked at all is the real story, while deflecting questions about whether this episode may prove harmful to the administration. Indeed, it's hard to gauge how much of an impact the leaking of the chief of staff will have on the Trump administration, or estimate how much damning info Priebus may contain, if any.
Of course, with the Trump administration, it's only a matter of time before the next round of leaks pushes Reince to the background. So buckle up, because the next four years are only going to get bumpier!
By Sharon Begley
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Although numerous studies have shown that regular use of aspirin or related drugs can reduce the risk of colorectal cancer by about 30 percent, scientists have found an important exception: The medicines can actually increase the risk in people with certain genetic variants, new research shows.
The result, published on Tuesday, is yet another step on the road to "precision medicine," which aims to match treatments to patients' genetic make-up. If confirmed, it could alter recommendations for preventing colorectal cancer, which is projected to kill 49,700 people in the United States this year.
In an editorial accompanying a paper in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Dr. Richard Wender of the American Cancer Society and Thomas Jefferson University called the discovery "scientifically noteworthy."
"I anticipate the time when genome sequencing to determine a lifelong (colorectal-cancer) prevention and screening strategy is a reality, although it's some time off," he said in an interview.
Physicians sometimes prescribe aspirin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for patients with a history of colon polyps. For most people, however, that is not recommended, because routine use of NSAIDs can cause gastrointestinal bleeding.
The new research, funded largely by the U.S. National Institutes of Health, aggregated the results of 10 observational studies involving 17,187 people in the United States, Canada, Australia and Germany. Regular use of aspirin or NSAIDs such as ibuprofen was associated with about 17 fewer cases of colorectal cancer per 100,000 people.
But the consequences were very different for people with some DNA variants: 34.7 additional colorectal cancer cases per 100,000 people in those with variants of one gene, and 21.1 additional cases per 100,000 in people with variants of another.
The variants are found in 4 percent to 9 percent of people of European ancestry.
Since NSAIDs can have serious side effects - gastrointestinal bleeding can be fatal - "it's a high priority to see if we can use genetic information to target preventive interventions for individual patients," said Dr. Andrew Chan of Massachusetts General Hospital, senior researcher on the 53-author paper.
It is too soon to recommend genetic screening to guide decisions on NSAIDs for cancer prevention, at least until the results are confirmed, Chan said, "but this is a first step in that direction and toward precision medicine."
(Reporting by Sharon Begley; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
‘‘The league here is well organised and the restrictions that it has (salary cap, rules on squad sizes and number of foreign players) are positive,''Soriano says. Melbourne Heart players acknowledge the fans after the team defeated the Newcastle Jets at AAMI Park last weekend. Credit:Getty Images ‘‘There are other leagues where this does not exist, and there is corruption. We are early in the history of the league, and maybe we can help develop it. We have experience in the Premier League, but Txiki Begiristain (City's director of football) and I have been with Barcelona as well. We never considered Western Sydney. ‘‘When you look at the number of people in the city who like football, play football, the number of people living here there's enough to fill this stadium every week.'' The deal which sees Heart sold for a figure of around $11.5 million to the City led consortium also includes the ownership group of the Melbourne Storm as minority shareholders with a 20 per cent stake. Bart Campbell, chairman of the holding company Heart Consortium Group and chairman of NRL club Melbourne Storm NRL, said “partnering with City to co-invest in Melbourne Heart will further strengthen the sporting landscape in one of the world's greatest cities and bring a range of new capabilities to AAMI Park.
‘‘It is our shared ambition to replicate the model that City created with the New York Yankees around New York City FC and for both organisations to benefit as a result,” Campbell says. City's move on struggling Heart has already set the social media agenda buzzing, chiefly with questions about name and colour changes for the club. Soriano and his colleagues smiled but were non committal when the question was put to them as to whether Heart would abandon its red and white stripes in favour of City's Sky Blue, and whether it might change its name to Melbourne City FC, sharing initials with their parent company's MCFC acronym. ‘‘This is day one for us. We want to take our time and listen. I think everything is open,'' says the chief executive, who was formerly the vice chairman at Barcelona earlier in his career.
For Heart the sky is now the limit. Soriano spoke of the chance of sporting synergies not just with City in Manchester, but with its affiliate in the US, New York FC, for which they have just bought a license as part of the next MLS expansion. ‘‘We have experience in football performance, medicine, sports science, and of course tactics and technical development,'' he says. ‘‘We also know about player recruitment and have large scouting networks all over the world to look for players for the Melbourne team as well as the others. ‘‘We want all our teams to take benefit from our global organisation.''
Heart fans shouldn't however, hold their breath waiting for the likes of Yaya Toure or Sergio Aguerro to be making guest appearances down by the Yarra. "We won't be sending Manchester City players because they are City players. We will be sending the best players this team needs,'' Soriano says. That could mean players from the MLS franchise, although Marwood, who has been one of City's football development staff during the Sky Blues rise, did not rule out the chances of some of City's younger and fringe players being sent over to Australia for loan deals to boost Heart's playing stocks. ‘‘Why not ?'' the former Sheffield Wednesday and Arsenal winger says. ‘‘It's a league that's competitive and we send out young players on loan all the time. What an experience it would be to send them out here to play.''
Another major benefit for Heart is that the City investment will allow the peripatetic club to develop a training base and headquarters which it can truly call its own. Heart's progress has in part been stymied by the lack of certainty surrounding its training set up. This season it has trained at a number of venues before settling on Epping for the remainder of the campaign. The City officials said they will build and establish a youth development structure and training set up based on the template of the impressive facility they are building in Manchester, although of course much smaller. Loading ‘‘Our aim is to have a very good training facility. We want all our teams to play with the same principals so we want to get them to train the same way in the same high quality training environments,'' said Soriano.
Begiristain pointed out that youth development will be a major plank of Heart's program given that there are so many restrictions on the number of foreign players that can be signed by A-League clubs.
Plus one article on Google Plus
W e who follow the Islamist movement fell off our collective chair on November 15, when the news came that the United Arab Emirates' ministerial cabinet had listed the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) as one of 83 proscribed terrorist organizations, up there with the Taliban, al-Qaeda, and ISIS. CAIR
This came as a surprise because the UAE authorities themselves have a record of promoting Islamism; because CAIR has a history of raising funds in the UAE; and because the UAE embassy in Washington had previously praised CAIR.
On reflection, however, the listing makes sense for, in recent years, the Islamist movement has gravely fractured . Sunnis fight Shiites; advocates of violence struggle against those working within the system; modernizers do battle against those trying to return to the seventh century; and monarchists confront republicans.
This last divide concerns us here. After decades of working closely with the Muslim Brotherhood (MB) and its related institutions, the Persian Gulf monarchies (with the single, striking exception of Qatar) have come to see the MB complex of institutions as a threat to their existence. The Saudi, Emirati , Kuwaiti, and Bahraini rulers now view politicians like Mohamed Morsi of Egypt as their enemies, as they do Hamas and its progeny — including CAIR .
While the Gulf monarchs have not become any less Islamist, they have acquired a clear-eyed appreciation of the harm that MB-related groups can do.
Having explained why the UAE listed CAIR on its terror manifest, we must ask a second question: Is the listing warranted? Can a Washington-based organization with ties to the Obama White House, the U.S. Congress, leading media outlets, and prestigious universities truly be an instigator of terrorism?
can rightly be so characterized. True, it does not set off bombs, but, as the UAE's foreign minister explains, “Our threshold is quite low. . . . We cannot accept incitement or funding.” Indeed, CAIR incites , funds, and does much more vis-à-vis terrorism: CAIRCAIRvis-à-vis
It apologizes for terrorist groups : Challenged repeatedly to denounce Hamas and Hezbollah as terrorist groups, CAIR denounces the acts of violence but not their sponsors.
: Hamas, designated a terrorist organization by the U.S. and many other governments, indirectly created CAIR and the two groups remain tight. Examples: In 1994, CAIR head Nihad Awad publicly declared his support for Hamas; the Holy Land Foundation ( HLF ), a Hamas front group, contributed $5,000 to CAIR ; in turn, CAIR exploited the 9/11 attacks to raise money for HLF ; and, this past August, demonstrators at a CAIR-sponsored rally in Florida proclaimed “We are Hamas!” It is connected to HamasCAIRCAIRHLFCAIRCAIR
: CAIR initiated a libel lawsuit in 2004 over five statements by a group called Anti-CAIR . But two years later, CAIR settled the suit with prejudice (meaning that it cannot be reopened), implicitly acknowledging the accuracy of Anti-CAIR's assertions, which included: It settled a lawsuitCAIRAnti-CAIRCAIRAnti-CAIR's
“CAIR is a terrorist supporting front organization that is partially funded by terrorists”;
“CAIR . . . is supported by terrorist supporting individuals, groups and countries”;
“CAIR has proven links to, and was founded by, Islamic terrorists”; and
“CAIR actively supports terrorists and terrorist supporting groups and nations.”
It includes individuals accused of terrorism: At least seven board members or staff at CAIR have been arrested, denied entry to the U.S., or were indicted on or pled guilty to (or were convicted of) terrorist charges: Siraj Wahhaj, Bassem Khafagi, Randall (“Ismail”) Royer, Ghassan Elashi, Rabih Haddad, Muthanna Al-Hanooti, and Nabil Sadoun.
: Federal prosecutors in 2007 named CAIR (along with two other Islamic organizations) as “ unindicted co-conspirators and/or joint venturers ” in a criminal conspiracy to support Hamas financially. In 2008, the FBI ended contacts with CAIR because of concern about its continuing terrorist ties. It is in trouble with the law
On learning of the UAE listing, CAIR called it “shocking and bizarre,” then got to work to have the Department of State protest and undo the ruling. Nothing loath , department spokesperson Jeff Rathke noted that the U.S. government, which “does not consider these organizations to be terrorist organizations,” has asked for more information about the UAE decision. The UAE minister of state for foreign affairs replied that if organizations can show that their “approach has changed,” they are eligible to appeal “to have their names eliminated from the list.” UAEUAEUAE
Pressure from the Obama administration might reverse the UAE listing. Even so, this will not undo its lasting damage. For the first time, an Islamist government has exposed the malign, terroristic quality of CAIR — a stigma CAIR can never escape.
SOISSONS, France — Just this spring, Marine Le Pen's presidential campaign drew vast crowds who enthusiastically embraced her National Front's stridently nationalist, anti-immigrant vision of France.
This week in Soissons, a somnolent provincial town far from the gaudy cast-of-thousands extravaganzas of the campaign, Ms. Le Pen was greeted by a few dozen somber National Front activists in a drab meeting hall. Even hecklers didn't bother: Just a handful of weak-voiced protesters quickly dispersed.
Ms. Le Pen's party, crushed by Emmanuel Macron's 66 percent in the presidential runoff in May, fared dismally in last Sunday's legislative elections. The National Front will most likely confirm these losses in a second round of voting this Sunday. And each day brings new revelations of internal backbiting and squabbles over strategy within the Front.
It is a head-spinning turnabout that reflects, at least for now, the fizzling of Ms. Le Pen's fortunes in France. The National Front's retreat also adds to the impression that far-right populism is losing its appeal more broadly.
From CreationWiki, the encyclopedia of creation science
Cheetahs are any of the species of felines belonging to the taxonomic genus Acinonyx. They are perhaps best known for their great speed, going faster than the speed of a car on a clear free-way. They can run up to a hundred miles per hour for a very short amount of time. Their body is perfectly designed for running, their eyes for hunting, and the color of their fur for camouflage. They live all over the globe but mostly in hot or dry environments. They eat a wide variety of prey including deer and zebras, but most people know them for eating gazelles that few other predators can capture. Sadly these beautiful animals are greatly threatened.
Body Design
This picture of an A. jubatus shows the long, unique, and beautiful body of a cheetah.
The Cheetah (Acinonyx), meaning “the spotted one” in Hindu, has a very unique and beautiful body. Their fur is painted a beautiful tan with multiple small, round, black spots helping them to camouflage into their surroundings. They have black lines running down their face under their eyes, that look like a stream of tears, to help keep the sun out of their eyes[2]. Their large eyes help them hunt and seek out prey. They weigh from about seventy pounds to a hundred and forty pounds due to their slender body. Their head to body length is about forty-eight inches (around four feet) long, their height is about thirty-six inches (about three feet) tall, and their tail is about twenty-four inches (around two in a half foot) long[3]. They also have claws, like any other cat. However the cheetah is the only cat that does not have retractable claws. This feature is helpful in that the claws help dig into the ground, like cleats, and helps them to run faster[2].
Having a slender body, as well as a small head and long legs allows the cheetah to run from zero to sixty miles per hour in three seconds. They are able to reach speeds up to a little over a hundred miles per hour, reaching about twenty-four feet in one single stride while running[2]. Their large nostrils help them reach these speeds because they are then able to increase their oxygen intake. Also their enlarged heart and lungs help move the large amounts of oxygen through the body more efficiently[4]. Their spine is flexible and acts like a spring when they run. Also, their tail is designed to help them with their speed. The tail helps maintain their balance as they run and helps with quick turns[2]. They need to turn quickly when chasing their prey, like a gazelle. The gazelles turn rapidly to get away from their predator. However the cheetah's tail helps them turn with the gazelle to help them keep up with the graceful and fast moving gazelle.
Life Cycle
While cheetahs are in the wild they can reach up to eight to twelve years old. If a cheetah is kept in captivity they can reach up to seventeen to twenty years old[5]. Females either live alone or form life-long bonds with many other male cheetahs. The males either live alone or form a group with two or more other males[5]. Male cheetahs live longer than females and reach sexual maturity at about a year old whereas females become sexually mature at about two years old. Cheetahs do not mate during a certain time. Females usually mate and reproduce with many different males. Their gestation period is about three months and then the female gives birth from two to as many as nine cubs[4][6]. After the female cheetah is about fourteen years old they stop reproducing[7].
The cubs weigh from about five to ten ounces and are born blind, with their spots, and are about a foot long[6]. When they are about six months old they are half the size of an adult. Their eyes start to open when they are four to eleven days old[4][7]. They drink milk from their mother for the first three to four months and then afterwards start eating meat. The cubs then accompany their mother on hunting trips when they are about eight weeks old where they learn how to hunt for themselves by watching her[5][6]. The majority of their hunting techniques are established while playing with their siblings. They stay with their mother until they can successfully hunt by themselves when they are between eighteen months and two years old. One of the main reasons for the scarce amount of cheetahs is because about seventy-five percent of cheetah cubs die before they are three months old. This is due to the fact that when the mother cheetah leaves to go hunt for food, the cubs are vulnerable and helpless against predators[6]. Overall infant mortality is ninety percent in the wild[5].
Ecology
Acinonyx jubatus Point Map of
Cheetahs have disappeared from huge areas of their historic range. The range of cheetahs was greatly reduced by the nineteen-seventies. They are still found in places like Africa, not including it's tropical rain forests and central Sahara, however have disappeared from about seventy-six percent of their historic range on the continent. Specific places the cheetah is native to is in: Algeria, Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Central African Republic, Chad, Ethiopia, Iran, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. In regions of Africa and Asia, some of the European settlers, in earlier days, treated cheetahs as a vermin that needed to be exterminated[8]. Cheetahs are terrestrial, but have been known to climb trees on occasion[8]. They are found in open grassy habitats, dry forests, savanna woodland, semi-desert terrain and vegetation areas. The areas are temperate, tropical, and terrestrial[9].
Cheetahs have declined most drastically in northern and western Africa and their persistence in the eastern Sahara is unlikely. They are possibly extinct in Libya. Specimens have been collected near the Egyptian border, in Dahra, Sirtica, Bir Ghazal, Hamada-el-Homra, Fezzan, Khor-el-Gifa, Gikherra, El Ftaia, and Mizda. Cheetahs have also been noted on the Niger and Libyan borders as well as on the Niger and Algerian borders. The species might no longer be present in Akoukas Mountains[9]. The extinction of cheetahs is due to people, like hunters and farmers, killing them for either fur or in protection of their fields or animals. Just a few of the cheetah species that have now gone extinct are: †A. kurteni, †A. aicha, †A. intermedius, and †A. pardinensis. The only species left of the cheetah is the Acinonyx jubatus. There once were many kinds of this magnificent creature, but because of all of the killings of cheetahs there is only one species left and there is a scarce amount of them.
Predation
Cheetahs are carnivores and prey upon other animals. They usually prey on mammals that weigh about the same weight as themselves are smaller. Some of the cheetahs' favorite foods are the springbok, the impala, the Thomson's Gazelle, and the Grant's Gazelle[10]. Other animals the cheetah eats are deer, zebras, any type of gazelle, and wildebeests[11]. Cheetahs are such good hunters because of their eyesight rather than their sense of smell. When they hunt on their own they pick out a baby zebra or gazelle and chase it until it trips or the cheetah can catch up with it. When a cheetah is in a group of two or more, they take out adult animals. Cheetahs can go a few days without eating, usually they try to eat about a deer a day but if they have the chance they can eat a few deers at one time. About half of the time their hunts are successful and an interesting thing about cheetahs is that when they are annoyed (like when they cannot catch their prey) or when they are faced with danger, they growl[10].
The cheetah, though few are left, is not an animal to harass. The only animals that have the guts to try and attack them are lions and hyenas. Lions are unlikely to eat a cheetah after they attack them, but a hyena would have no problem eating one. However if it was a cub, there are multiple animals that would hunt and kill them, some of those animals being lions, leopards, hyenas, wild dogs and eagles. Mother cheetahs will try to defend their children, but they are usually unsuccessful[10]. Cheetahs are going extinct from being killed. Lions and hyenas are not to blame as much for adult cheetah deaths as much as poachers. One way to ease that and help prevent the extinction of the last species of cheetahs is to leave them alone in their environment so that humans can't kill them off.
Video
This video shows the speed and beauty of a cheetah.
Gallery
Hunting Leopard
( Acinonyx jubatus )
Late Pliocene Cheetah
( Acinonyx kurteni )
Acinonyx aicha
( Acinonyx aicha )
Intermediate-size Cheetah
( Acinonyx intermedius )
The Giant Cheetah
(Acinonyx pardinensis)
A herd of goats came to the city today to munch on nuisance vegetation on a steep slope in Polish Hill. The practice known as “eco grazing” is starting to catch on in the eastern states, where invasive species are taking over most of Pittsburgh‘‍s hillsides.
Tree Pittsburgh contracted with Erik Schwalm, a goat owner in Saxonburg, to begin an 18-month eradication and reclamation process. The guy in the photo above is Brian Knox, who came in from Maryland as a consultant and goat tender. He operates Eco-Goats, a business in Maryland that got a jump on what was no competition six years ago.
He still has little competition with about six other grazing businesses scattered among several states. There is so much unwanted vegetation in concentration that several goat grazing businesses could operate in western Pennsylvania without stepping on each other'‍s hooves.
Sorry.
From the information I have, there is nothing not to like about using goats to keep control of overgrowth. They have to eat anyway and they love almost everything we don‘‍t: poison ivy, thorny stuff, vines, knotweed. They do the job without chemicals and they aerate and fertilize the soil as they move over it without displacing it.
In addition, a farmer gets some extra money for taking a grazing gig and the public, especially the urban public who rarely get to see farm animals, gets to see how cute, goofy and fun goats are. The charm factor is not to be scoffed at.
The city was completely amenable to the grazing event and workshop at West Penn Park today and contributed fencing and manpower to prepare for it, Danielle Crumrine, executive director of Tree Pittsburgh, told Walkabout.
But to ensure this isn'‍t a one-time thing, we would all benefit if the city would establish a friendly process for people to put their goats to work on solving a big nuisance in the city, whether in a park, a public right of way or a neighborhood.
Look for story in today‘‍s Pittsburgh Press and tomorrow'‍s Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, with photos by Darrell Sapp and a video by Nate Guidry on this web site.
Six Democratic U.S. senators sent a letter to Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer asking for more details on the hack in which data on more than 500 million user accounts was stolen and saying it was “unacceptable” that it took the internet company the two years to report the attack.
In the Sept. 27 letter, Sens. Ed Markey (D-Mass.), Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and four other Senators requested that the company provide a timeline of the hack, including when law enforcement and users were notified, as well as info on how widespread the hack is and what Yahoo is doing to prevent such a hack in the future. The breach is believed to be the largest-ever single theft of user data.
The lawmakers said they were “disturbed that user information was first compromised in 2014, yet the company only announced the breach last week. That means millions of Americans' data may have been compromised for two years. This is unacceptable.”
A Yahoo rep said in an emailed statement, “We have received the letter and will work to respond in a timely and appropriate manner.”
Mayer has known since July about the company's investigation into allegations of a major security breach, the Financial Times reported last week, citing an anonymous source.
Related Yahoo Says Hacker Stole Data on At Least 500 Million User Accounts
The company, which reached a deal in July to sell its core web businesses to Verizon for $4.8 billion, last week said a “state-sponsored actor” broke in Yahoo's network in late 2014 and stole usersnames, hashed passwords, and other personal info for at least 500 million accounts worldwide. Yahoo has not provided an explanation for why it has taken two years to report the incident, nor did it identify the country it believes was behind the attack.
“The stolen data included usernames, passwords, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, and security questions and answers,” the senators wrote in the letter to Mayer. “This is highly sensitive, personal information that hackers can use not only to access Yahoo customer accounts, but also potentially to gain access to any other account or service that users access with similar login or personal information, including bank information and social media profiles.”
In addition to Leahy and Markey, the letter was signed by Sens. Al Franken (D-Minn.), Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and Ron Wyden (D-Ore.). The inquiry comes a day after Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate whether Yahoo and its senior executives “fulfilled their obligations” under federal securities laws to inform the public and investors about the security breach.
According to Verizon, Yahoo informed the telco of the scope of the breach two days before Yahoo announced the incident on Sept. 22. Yahoo said in a Sept. 9 proxy statement filed with SEC that “there have not been any incidents of, or third-party claims alleging, (i) Security Breaches, unauthorized access or unauthorized use of any of Seller's or the Business Subsidiaries' information technology systems or (ii) loss, theft, unauthorized access or acquisition, modification, disclosure, corruption, or other misuse of any Personal Data” in its possession.
Experts say Yahoo's costs associated with the security breach will run into the tens of millions of dollars, and could lead Verizon to renegotiate or void its proposed acquisition. The security breach has already spawned several proposed class-action lawsuits by users.
Yahoo has recommended that users who haven't changed their passwords since 2014 do so, and the company said it was working with law-enforcement officials to investigate the incident. According to the company, based on what it has learned so far, none of the stolen information included unprotected passwords, payment-card data, or bank-account information.
Remember when American enterprise was the best the world? Sadly, that is changing. A little over a month ago, the venerable DuPont Company surprisingly won an epic battle over Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund. DuPont, the company that brought us Cellophane, Neoprene, Teflon, Lucite, and so many other wonders of modern life had been forced into a grueling two-year fight for its life. Why? Because Trian, an "activist shareholder," decided that by trimming research, selling divisions, and firing employees DuPont's shareholders could make more profit more quickly. Although this time the company won, most companies don't win. They either lose or capitulate. Battles such as DuPont's are becoming widespread, and that is changing the nature and vitality of America's public companies and the American economy.
Several decades ago I founded Rodel, Inc., a manufacturing company that eventually became global with plants spread around the world. It was the classic American success story. We started in a rented garage and built the company using retained earnings. Over time, we outdistanced our competitors and achieved such a high market share that almost every electronic device made anywhere in the world was made using at least one of our products.
The important factor enabling that astonishing success was that we were a private company whereas almost all of our competitors were public. That meant we could do things—make investments, take risks—that our competitors didn't dare do for fear of inciting a shareholder action. Because our competitors had public shareholders, they were under pressure to maximize shareholder value, i.e. increase their stock price. Corporate actions that did not help immediate earnings, like investing in risky but potentially rewarding new technologies, were dangerous for a public company to undertake. Dangerous because such investments could lower earnings for a few quarters and invite "activist shareholders" to try to take control by claiming that the company was being mismanaged.
Yet the market we served, semiconductor manufacturing, needed just such adventuresome risk-taking. It was a rapidly developing, fast-moving market with frequent changes in manufacturing technology. The suppliers who won the competition were those that could move faster and take the risks necessary to meet those changing new technologies. Our public competitors, on the other hand, had to be more careful and justify to shareholders every action they took.
This situation has only gotten worse in recent years. Like DuPont, many of our finest public companies find themselves fighting for their lives, fighting their own shareholders.
American public corporations are a lot like the fabled goose that laid golden eggs. They, like the fabled goose, create wealth gradually, day after day, increasing the wealth of the nation. They are our nation's crown jewels, the envy of other countries, a major source of jobs, and the engines that made America the most prosperous nation in the world. But in America today, like that goose, they are attracting some unwanted attention.
In that old fable, greedy villagers killed their goose and destroyed its ability to create future wealth. Our geese—our companies—also hold considerable wealth inside. That wealth is as necessary for their future as is a farmer's seed corn. That wealth—retained corporate earnings—is what funds growth, research, new products, and helps weather a rainy day. But that wealth also represents an irresistible temptation for some so-called "investors" to buy in and harvest the wealth for themselves.
This relatively new culture of harvesting is supported by a number of beliefs—myths, actually—that make the gutting of companies more publicly acceptable. These beliefs have taken hold over the last four decades and have become generally accepted as truths in both boardrooms and classrooms. Although they are wrong, they are used by activists to rationalize harvesting now over investing in the future.
Here are three of the most pernicious myths:
Myth One: A corporation's sole legal purpose is to “maximize” profits for its shareholders—even, if necessary, at the expense of employees, customers, the community, or the environment.
The facts: Not so. The myth was given credence by Milton Friedman's 1970 opinion that the sole purpose of a corporation is to maximize profits. But Friedman's opinion was just that—opinion. In fact, there is no such legal requirement. There is no law in Delaware or any other state requiring a corporation to maximize profits. Corporations are legally free to pursue long-term objectives even at the expense of short-term profits. Indeed, for a company to have a great future, it must have the ability to forgo some immediate profit in order to pursue long-term strategies.
Myth Two: When Activist Shareholders "unlock value" and distribute capital to shareholders, that capital is then free to be invested in newer and more vibrant enterprises.
The facts: It doesn't happen. According to recent surveys of net capital flow, capital and "value" extracted from target corporations is not used for investment in new enterprises. In spite of the dramatic rise in capital distributed to shareholders, new capital invested in public enterprises has plummeted. Shareholders today trade capital among themselves and drive up the price of luxury assets (elite real estate, art, etc.) and the stock price of other companies. "Unlocked value" rarely finds its way back into productive enterprises.
Myth Three: Shareholders need more power for they are the only constituency that can act as a check on management excesses and inefficiencies.
The facts: Shareholders are not what they used to be. Historically, shareholders invested for the dividend stream and, accordingly, were interested in a company's long-term prosperity. Today, however, retail investing (like dad buying stock in Ma Bell for retirement) has declined dramatically. People, even those saving for retirement, now buy mutual funds. They don't own stock directly. In fact, more than 70 percent of shareholders are not direct investors but agents for others. Those agents are the managers of mutual, pension, and hedge funds. And because funds are chosen based on performance, fund management is incentivized to be more interested in short-term results than in the long-term vitality of their invested companies. So the modern shareholder, rather than exerting pressure for the long term, usually exerts pressure for just the opposite. This is especially true of the growing legion of corporate raiders, now called "activist investors." These activists do not really invest. Rather, they are speculators who buy stock from others and then make demands on the company as if the company were using their money. Like the killers of the golden goose, they seek to harvest the company's internal wealth and distribute it to themselves.
Activist shareholders are using these myths and others to persuade America that shareholder activism is good for the economy. Yet there is little to suggest that modern shareholder activism is generally beneficial either to companies or to the nation. And there are many communities, former employees, customers, and even long-term investors who would say such activism causes great harm.
Debunking these myths is important because together they are used to justifying shareholder raids on corporate treasuries. Coupled with executive stock options, they pressure managers and directors—even in firms not directly targeted—to favor short-term harvesting over long-term investing.
Indeed, the growing pressure on public companies to act short-term and distribute rather than reinvest is likely one of the causes for the precipitous decline in the number of public companies—down almost 45 percent in the last 15 years. Today far more capital flows out of public corporations than flows in. Corporate profits, once a source of growth, are instead being dispensed to shareholders. In the last 10 years, the companies in the S&P 500 have distributed 91 percent of their profits to shareholders as dividends and stock buybacks. In effect, planting has been replaced by harvesting. The business press is replete with stories of companies slashing people, research, and investment. Some companies are even borrowing and going into debt to generate more cash for shareholders. Alarmingly, this net outflow to shareholders mirrors almost exactly what happened to British companies 100 years ago as Britain's economic star began to fall.
Other sad effects of these trends are public reaction and the corporation's place in American society. In an effort to protect themselves, companies have done things that hurt employees, communities, and even customers. As Forbes reported, public trust in America's business leaders has plummeted so much that fewer than one in five Americans trust business leaders to tell the truth.
It is time for the American people to rethink these destructive trends. Where do we start? We must recognize that incentives work and the bad behavior we're seeing is the result of incentives. The tax and regulatory incentives that the myths encouraged us to put in place, must be changed. Thoughtful scholars have proposed many ideas. I'll mention four:
Reform Capital Gains Taxes. Capital in America is plentiful, so much so that bankers are creating entirely new "products" with which to extract cash from the flush "casino." In that environment, corporations become the gambling objects, subject to similar corrupting pressures gambling puts on fighters, racehorses, or sports teams. One interesting proposal that would help fix the problem is to shift incentives from harvesting and toward building. It would revise the tax code such that short-term gambling winnings are taxed heavily and longer-term investments much less. For example, profits on traded assets held less than a year would be taxed at ordinary income rates or even higher. The profit on invested assets held longer than a year would be taxed at a lower capital gains rate, possibly decreasing the longer the asset has been held. In addition to being a boon to those saving for college or retirement, such a code would be a powerful incentive against trying to make a quick buck by gutting a company. Rather, it would encourage long-term investment and help management look to the future rather than just the next quarter.
Executive Stock Options. Concerned about runaway executive pay, in 1993, Congress capped the deductibility of executive salaries unless they were performance based. The unintended consequence was to shift executive compensation away from salary to stock options. Those options granted the right to buy stock at a fixed price and sell it later at the market price. Not surprisingly, the effect was to focus executive attention on boosting stock price as rapidly as possible. If instead the law had required that qualified options must not vest for at least, say, five years, much mischief could have been prevented. To align executive incentives with the long-term health of the enterprise, options should be required to have a long vesting horizon.
Revise SEC Rule 10b. Rule 10b-5 was enacted to prevent companies and persons from committing securities fraud by trading stock with insider information. In recent years the SEC has relaxed interpretation of the rule to permit a company to buy its own stock more aggressively. That, in turn, has enabled the phenomenal increase in the amount of repurchased stock, repurchases that often benefit shareholders and executives at the expense of the company. Because such buybacks incentivizes short-term thinking and even fraud, they should be severely restricted.
Earned voting rights. Another interesting proposal would not invest shareholder voting rights until a stock has been held for at least a year. The obvious purpose is to not allow short-term traders and speculators to have any effect on the management of the company, while still maintaining normal rights for true investors who hold the stock for the long haul. There could be another benefit. Shareholders often complain that they do not have enough say over a company's direction. Much of the resistance to increasing shareholder power is based on fear of speculators and activists. If that fear were assuaged by EVR, increasing shareholder power might be a means of checking bad or ineffective corporate managers.
None of these ideas is new and some have been used in the past with success. Taken altogether, they shift the incentives for both management and investors toward the long term. Incentives work. We should give them a try. Our future depends on it.
Having run and lost on their central anti-tax stance, and with an austerity bomb nearing detonation, Republicans are softening their tone on the issue. But what may appear to be a meaningful shift on taxes among GOP leaders is belied by the unchanged policy specifics within the rhetoric.
“For the purposes of forging a bipartisan agreement that begins to solve the problem, we're willing to accept new revenue under the right conditions,” said House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) in a post-election press conference.
That leaves the impression that Republicans are willing to raise revenue by limiting deductions and loopholes. Correct, but they've always been open to that — if and only if the new revenue is used to lower tax rates rather than reduce the deficit. Look closer and it's apparent that that stance is still the same.“What matters is where the increase revenue comes from and what type of reform comes with it. Does the increased revenue come from government taking a larger share of what the American people earn through higher tax rates?” Boehner said. “Or does it come as a byproduct of growing our economy, energized by a simpler, cleaner, fairer tax code, with fewer loopholes and lower rates for all?”
The backstory is that Republicans were pilloried last year for scorched-earth opposition to new taxes that nearly led to a U.S. debt default. Their approval rating took a beating and credit rating agencies blamed a downgrade on the GOP-incited ugly debt ceiling standoff. In response, the party began accompanying its rhetoric against tax hikes with a proactive push for “tax reform” — but always in the context of revenue neutrality, a principle that Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney also touted throughout his campaign.
Rep. Tom Price (GA), an influential conservative and GOP leadership member, added some clarity to that stance on Sunday. Appearing on CNN's “State of the Union,” he said, “We need to look at increasing revenue through pro-growth policies as well as tax revenue.”
What does that mean?
“Tax revenue,” Price explained, “which means broadening the base, lowering the rates, closing the loopholes, limiting the deductions, limiting the credits, and making certain that we identify the appropriate spending reductions so that we have, indeed, a balanced approach.”
That “balanced approach,” he said, involves a “process of tax reforms and spending reductions.” In other words: new revenue is acceptable to Republicans only if it comes from economic growth through reforms that lower rates and hold net taxes constant — a notion for which there is little evidence — as well as federal spending cuts.
“Tax reform, done in the manner I've described, will result in the additional revenue the president seeks,” Boehner said. “It will support economic growth, which means more revenue is generated for the Treasury.”
Another hint that Republicans still oppose revenue-raising reforms: leaders from Boehner to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) repeatedly invoke the bipartisan tax reforms of 1986, which were crafted to hold revenue neutral, as the model to follow.
The gentler rhetoric helps Republicans appear as though they're compromising on tax revenues. Their rigid stance has become harder to sustain in the wake of a resounding electoral defeat. But the political forces within their base that compel elected Republicans to fight against tax hikes are as committed as ever. Grover Norquist is reiterating that a net tax increase achieved by closing loopholes would violate his anti-tax pledge that most Republicans remain beholden to. Conservative activists are renewing threats to primary any lawmaker who compromises on higher taxes. Boehner risks a conservative mutiny against his speakership if he fails to hold the line or convince his party base otherwise.
More broadly, conservatives oppose tax hikes because their long-term goal is to shrink the size of government. Increasing federal revenues diminishes the need to cut domestic spending on programs such as food stamps, Medicare and Social Security.
“Tax increases to chase ever higher spending,” declared Price, “is a fool's errand.”
For Democrats, revenue neutrality negates the purpose of tax reform, which is to help reduce the deficit. If President Obama refuses to back down, Republicans may be forced to swallow a bitter pill on their defining issue. But for now, the change in the way the GOP talks about taxes should not be misinterpreted as a new-found openness to raising them. The policy substance beneath the party's gentler rhetoric on taxes is the same as it ever was.
Ryo Miyaichi (宮市 亮, Miyaichi Ryō, born 14 December 1992) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a winger for FC St. Pauli in the 2. Bundesliga.[5][6] He played for Japan national team.
Miyaichi has played in the Premier League with clubs such as Arsenal, Wigan Athletic and Bolton Wanderers. He as well featured for Feyenoord and Twente in the Eredivisie. Japan's former manager Alberto Zaccheroni has said that "Miyaichi's strengths are on the flanks and creating space going forward."[5]
Early life [ edit ]
Miyaichi was born into a sporting family. His brother, Tsuyoshi, was also a football player; and his father, Tatsuya Nomoura, was a basketball player who played for and later managed the Toyota Motors basketball club.[7] Miyaichi started playing football in his elementary school years at Sylphid F.C. in Nagoya.[8] He entered Chukyodai Chukyo High School and played for the school football club. In the 2010 season, the team advanced to the Japan High School Soccer Tournament but were defeated in the first round in a match televised across Japan.[9][10]
Club career [ edit ]
Arsenal [ edit ]
During his trial at Arsenal in the summer of 2010, Miyaichi impressed the Arsenal manager, Arsène Wenger, signing a professional contract on 31 January 2011. Wenger said: "We're delighted that Ryo Miyaichi has joined us. He trialled with us in the summer and has raw ability which has attracted many clubs around the world".[11]
Loan to Feyenoord [ edit ]
Miyaichi in action for Feyenoord in 2011.
Just after he signed for Arsenal, it was announced that he was set to join Feyenoord on loan. On 5 February, in his first appearance for Feyenoord, he played the full 90 minutes against Vitesse Arnhem in a 1–1 draw, and was named man of the match.[12] Miyaichi then played against Heracles Almelo where he scored the opening goal and created the second in a 2–1 league win for Feyenoord.[13] On 17 April 2011, Miyaichi scored two goals and contributed two assists in Feyenoord's 6–1 victory over Willem II, leading a revival after Feyenoord had conceded an early goal.[14]
The Dutch media gave him the nickname "Ryodinho" after comparisons to Ronaldinho. He has also been branded the Japanese Messi.[15]
2011–12 season [ edit ]
As he returned to Arsenal after his loan spell at Feyenoord, Miyaichi joined up with the first team for pre-season training. He was included in the 23-man squad to tour Asia in the pre-season after impressing in training. Miyaichi made his pre-season debut against Malaysia All-Stars XI, he started the match before being substituted for Robin van Persie in the 66th minute.[16]
On 9 August 2011, Miyaichi was granted a work permit to play for Arsenal on the grounds of being an "exceptional talent" in view of evidence supplied by Wenger and the Japan Football Association, and was deemed free to represent Arsenal during the 2011–12 season.[17][18] He was also included in Arsenal's 23-man Champions League squad for the fixture against Udinese.[19] On 23 August 2011, Miyaichi featured in the Arsenal Reserves against Wigan Athletic Reserves and scored in the 83rd minute.
On 20 September 2011, Miyaichi made his first team debut against League Two side Shrewsbury Town in the League Cup third round as a 71st-minute substitute.[20] He also came on again in the League Cup as a substitute as Arsenal went on to win the match 2–1 against Bolton Wanderers.
During the reserve match against Fulham, on 7 November 2011, Miyaichi lasted 34 minutes before being forced off with an ankle injury, which would cause him to be out for weeks. Despite being in the first team, Miyaichi admitted he still has a lot to learn.[21]
Loan to Bolton Wanderers [ edit ]
On 31 January 2012, Miyaichi joined Bolton Wanderers on loan until the end of the season.[22] Shortly after arriving at Bolton, manager Owen Coyle spoke of his admiration for the young player, even though Miyaichi had yet to play in a competitive match for the team.[23] He played a behind-closed-doors game on 7 February against Preston North End where he scored the only goal in a 1–0 win and made his full debut when coming on as a half-time substitute for Martin Petrov in Bolton's 2–1 home defeat by Wigan Athletic on 11 February.[24] He made his first start, and scored his first goal, the following weekend in Bolton's 2–0 FA Cup win at Millwall.[25] He played 78 minutes of the game before being substituted. He made his first Premier League start the following weekend in Bolton's 3–0 loss at Chelsea.[26] He was voted February Player of the Month by the Bolton fans after his debut. [27][28]
Loan to Wigan Athletic [ edit ]
On 13 August 2012, Arsenal confirmed that Miyaichi had joined Wigan Athletic on a season-long loan.[29] On 28 August 2012, he made his debut as a substitute in a 4–1 League Cup victory over Nottingham Forest. During his first game for the club he was able to provide an assist for Callum McManaman.[30][31] He went on to make his league debut on 1 September in a 2–2 draw with Stoke City.[32][33] On 9 March, he made his return as a substitute for Callum McManaman in a 3–0 FA Cup quarter final win away to Everton. Miyaichi picked up injury during the game which saw him sidelined for the rest of the season. He thus missed the rest of Wigan's historic cup run where they went on to lift the 2013 FA Cup.[34][35]
Return to Arsenal [ edit ]
Miyachi made an early return to the Emirates from his loan move at Wigan due to injury. He went on to make his UEFA Champions League debut on 28 August 2013 in a 2–0 win over Fenerbahçe.[36][37][35]
Loan to FC Twente [ edit ]
Despite interest from former club Feynoord and SC Heerenveen, upon 1 September 2014 Miyaichi was sent on a season long loan to fellow Dutch side FC Twente.[38][39] During that season he made 10 appearances in the Eredivisie with the club's first team. Miyaichi also played 14 Jupiler League games with Jong Twente, scoring three goals and delivering one assist. He returned to Arsenal at the end of the season when his five-year stay at the North London club was brought to an end.[40][6]
FC St. Pauli [ edit ]
On 18 June 2015, the Hamburger Morgenpost announced that Miyaichi had signed a three-year contract with FC St. Pauli in the 2. Bundesliga, describing the winger as a player with "huge potential".[41] Miyaichi's transfer was confirmed on the club's website the next day, where it was revealed that he will wear the number 13 shirt for the upcoming season.[42][6]
International career [ edit ]
Miyaichi has represented Japan from under-15 to under-19 level. He took part in the 2009 U-17 World Cup as a member of Japan U-17 national team. He played 2 matches at the tournament.
Miyaichi received his first call up to the senior team for the 2014 World Cup qualification against Uzbekistan in February 2012, though he didn't feature in the game.[43]
Miyaichi made his debut on 23 May 2012 in a friendly against Azerbaijan where he came on as a 60th-minute substitute in a game that ended 2–0 to Japan. He made his second appearance against Brazil to again play as a substitute in a 4–0 Japan loss.[44]
Career statistics [ edit ]
Club [ edit ]
As of 16 December 2018[45][46]
International [ edit ]
[47]
Japan national team Year Apps Goals 2012 2 0 Total 2 0
Honours [ edit ]
Bolton Wanderers Player of the Month: February 2012[48]
Conservative radio host Mark Levin proposed Fox News' Sean Hannity should look into suing Media Matters for how the progressive organization has gone after his show and audience.
"If I were Sean Hannity ... I would give very serious consideration to suing Media Matters, its board, and its officers, as well as any other entity involved in the organized effort to boycott his TV show, including media outlets contacting his advertisers in a thinly veiled boycott tactic, for the purposeful tortious interference with his employment contract with Fox News and his business relationships with his various advertisers," Levin wrote in a Facebook post Thursday.
On Tuesday, Hannity told viewers that there is an effort to "silence" him from making certain comments on air.
"As for my job here at the Fox News Channel — there is an effort now abound to silence me," Hannity said. "That is what we have called on this program as liberal fascism. Attack, boycott, all in an effort to silence conservatives. I serve at the pleasure of the Fox News Channel. I'm here to do my job every night."
Earlier in the program, Hannity announced he would no longer be discussing the murder of Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich as a result of speaking with the man's family.
"I promise you, I am not going to stop doing my job. To the extent of my ability, I am not going to stop trying to find the truth. That's what we do here every single day. That effort is not stopping in any way, shape, matter or form. I am continuing the work that I promise to do every day for you and at the proper time, we shall continue and talk a lot more," Hannity said.
Over the past week, Hannity has pushed unproven stories about Rich's death. A Fox News report from last week stated Rich had sent 44,000 DNC emails to WikiLeaks, hinting that he may have been murdered because of the leak. Fox News issued a retraction to the story on Tuesday, but Hannity had said he would push on in his fact-finding mission only to rescind it later in his show.
Hacienda Mexican Restaurants' latest billboard reads "The best Mexican food this side of the wall."
La Casa de Amistad is not happy with the ad. They say this isn't the first time Hacienda has created a billboard that offended someone. This time, La Casa has gotten quite a few requests to say something to the restaurant chain.
But, the Executive Vice President for Hacienda says they're just trying to be funny.
"We don't intend to upset anybody," says Jeff Leslie. "But, we do use humor. When you use humor, there's going to be some groups that are particularly sensitive to certain things."
But, La Casa de Amistad's Executive Director Sam Centellas says that's not a good enough answer.
"There's a difference between funny and being offensive," Centellas says. "I think they really need to think about how can you just be a little more fun without having to be degrading of demeaning."
Centellas says his group has protested what they call offensive Hacienda billboards in the past. He says he's gotten social media requests to talk to the restaurant chain this time too.
"Well, I welcome the conversation and any that would like to contact me, I'd love to talk to them about it," says Leslie. "We try to stay topical when we can. So the board is really about passion for our food. It's about our core guests who really know and believe that our food is really terrific, and that's what we're communicating with this board."
But, Centellas says this issue is about more than just offensive advertising. He says service industries have a higher percentage of Latino workers than other employers.
"What I'd love to hear is how do their employees feel and how are they treated in a culture that regularly puts out pretty offensive advertising related to the Latino culture?" says Centellas.
Centellas says the idea of a U.S.-Mexico border wall has become a contentious political issue, especially with the Latino community. He says some people won't be offended by the ad, but that's not the point. Centellas says this is about putting ourselves into other people's shoes and considering the feelings of others.
Members of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee have adopted Senate Resolution 65, which lends unconditional support to Israel should the Netanyahu government decide to conduct a military strike against Iran. Critics worry that the recent vote gives carte blanche to a government that has escalated hostile rhetoric in recent months, threatening a regional war that top military experts believe could necessitate an invasion requiring several hundred thousand U.S. troops.
“The Obama presidency has two great missions: fixing the economy, and preventing Iran from gaining nuclear weapons,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a 2009 statement. This hardline stance against any Iranian nuclear enrichment has largely informed U.S. policy in recent years.
The resolution, sponsored by Senators Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), was passed as a means to deter any Iranian nuclear aspirations, and gained support from 70 of the 100 Senators.
The resolution was applauded in an online statement by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), the largest right-wing pro-Israel advocacy group, stating, “The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has sent a very clear and enormously important message of solidarity with Israel against the Iranian nuclear threat — which endangers American, Israeli and international security.”
This position stands in opposition to the majority of citizens in Arab-majority countries, who tend to view Israel and the U.S., not Iran, as the main threats to regional stability. According to a 2010 survey by the Arab Center for Research and Policy Studies, 73 percent of respondents believe Israel and the U.S. are the two countries presenting the largest threat to the security of the Arab world, with 51 percent believing that Israel by itself is the most threatening. Just 5 percent of the 16,173 surveyed believed Iran to be the country most threatening to security in the region.
Many politicians and military experts have cautioned against any hostile action against Iran, urging the president to negotiate directly with Tehran and avoid another costly war.
Toward this end, 35 prominent former diplomats, military officers and other officials from both political parties issued a report last year urging President Obama to renew diplomatic efforts to defuse the crisis. The officials, all members of the Iran Project advocacy group, wrote:
“The United States should now dedicate as much energy and creativity to negotiating directly with Iran as it has to assembling a broad international coalition to pressure and isolate Iran … Only by taking such a rebalanced approach might the United States achieve its objectives with respect to Iran's nuclear program.”
The group, led by former Republican Senator Richard Lugar, former CIA Director Michael Hayden, former U.S. Ambassador to Iraq and Afghanistan Ryan Crocker, as well as former National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski, together stated that any U.S. war aimed at ending Iranian nuclear enrichment would require a massive military buildup. The 2012 report went on:
“Given Iran's large size and population, and the strength of Iranian nationalism, we estimate that the occupation of Iran would require a commitment of resources and personnel greater than what the U.S. has expended over the past 10 years in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars combined.”
Talks have failed to produce a compromise, but have continued bringing the U.S., Russia, China, the U.K., France and Germany — known as the “P5+1” — into negotiations with Iran. The most recent round, which took place earlier this month in Almaty, Kazakhstan, yielded no significant breakthroughs.
Only a month after Netflix announced it was giving into Warner Bros. and delaying new releases, DVD rental kiosk company Redbox has decided to do the same. Warner announced Tuesday that it had entered into a "multi-year distribution agreement" with Redbox that will allow Redbox to officially carry Warner's DVD and Blu-ray offerings—28 days after they are released to the retail market. The agreement will be the end of the lawsuit between the two companies—and marks a short-term victory in Warner's attempts to prop up the dying DVD market. The numbers don't lie: the market for new DVDs has been falling for years now, with the latest data showing that disc sales dropped by a full 13 percent in the US between 2008 and 2009 alone.
Warner made no secret of the reason for the move. "The 28-day window enables us to get the most from the sales potential of our titles and maximize VOD usage," Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group president Kevin Tsujihara said in a statement.
Redbox started out by acquiring its major DVD releases from wholesalers that sell to all manner of retail outlets (Target, Walmart, etc.). To them, Redbox was just another buyer looking to acquire product, and Redbox did not have direct relationships with any of the studios (save Sony).
The studios came to despise Redbox for its business model, however. The company's kiosks, which house more than 600 DVDs at a time, rent out movies for $1 per day and sell used movies for $7. Redbox's Web-based inventory system makes it possible for consumers to select their movies over the Internet and reserve them in advance at a specified Redbox kiosk.
Ultimately, some of the studios were able to persuade wholesalers to stop selling movies to Redbox. The DVD-rental outlet got around that limitation by sending staffers out to Target, Walmart, and other retailers armed with corporate credit cards. The staffers would snap up new releases to be loaded into the ubiquitous kiosks.
Redbox's determination to stock and rent new releases, according to the major studios, was both an insult and the equivalent of stealing money straight out of their children's mouths. "Having our [movies] rented at $1 in the rental window is grossly undervaluing our products," News Corp. said when it decided to sue Redbox over its rental kiosks. Universal also sued Redbox, and Redbox sued everyone back, including Warner Bros.
The latest deal, however, means that the lawsuit against Warner is over and Redbox will have easier access to the studio's offerings. "This agreement enables redbox to fulfill our commitment to providing consumers affordable and convenient home entertainment," Redbox president Mitch Lowe said in a statement, probably while nursing his wounds. "By agreeing to a delayed release date, Redbox can now acquire Warner Home Video titles at a reduced product cost, preserving value for our consumers and increasing customer access to Warner titles at redbox locations nationwide."
This deal, at least from a consumer perspective, is nearly identical to one that Warner entered into with DVD rental and streaming house Netflix in January. Again, the companies cheerfully claimed that the agreement would mean easier access to Warner Bros. movies, as long as Netflix wouldn't let a single one out of its grasp until 28 days had passed from the time the DVDs hit the market.
Warner's deals with both Netflix and Redbox show the industry's commitment to doing everything it can to keep a slowly-dying media form alive as long as possible. A large part of that fight has been to cripple rental availability, whether through Netflix, Redbox, or others. It's a victory for the studios—and a loss for consumers. The only way this will pay off is if sufficient numbers of movie fans decide they absolutely can't wait an additional four weeks to rent the Hollywood blockbusters they missed in the theater and snap up the new DVDs.
Listing image by From Flickr user lantzfam
The Jig Is Up, Sean Baugh, And Your Days Of Falsely Dragging Around Your Dog Lamby Around Uptown, Bishop Arts And Deep Ellum For Sympathy Are Over.
Hey Sean Baugh,
Those who frequent Deep Ellum and Uptown know you as that panhandler who uses his sidekick Lamby, short for Lamb of God, to hop around from one populated neighborhood to another, begging for money.
We know you because you're always spotted in these parts of town with your medium-sized, light colored pup — a true baby angel — either strapped into a milk cart on the front of your bike or buckled into an old child's stroller that you push around town.
Tourists think it's hilarious and cute, making it easy for you to walk away from a day of begging with plenty of money in your pocket. It's become a “thing” to the point where people take pictures of Lamby and post it on social, enough to where a post of the dog went viral on Reddit about six months ago.
And, hey, we get it. On an purely surface level, it's cute. But once that initial chuckling subsides, morality sinks in and the thought of how uncomfortable poor Lamby probably is haunts our minds far longer than any initial amusement. That was my experience when I first saw you two years ago at the Katy Trail Ice House, anyway.
Now those of us who've felt uncomfortable with the way you use Lamby are coming to learn that we've had reason to feel this way. Seems various animal activists around town are stepping up to defend Lamby this week because they say they've seen you abuse her. They've seen you strap her into your bike crate while biking and force sunglasses on her face and a hat on her head with rubber bands. They've seen you pile clothes onto her in the middle of brutal Texas summers.
And now that Lamby has been seized by Dallas Animal Services after she bit a child last month, the courts calling for her to be euthanized as if it was somehow her fault and not your treatment of her that caused her to act out in this way.
C'mon, man. This is your doing. And everyone knows it.
“He's using the dog to get money so that he can use it to buy drugs,” says Kelsey Karanges, a Dallas real estate agent and active member of the Deep Ellum Community Watch. “That's just a piece of shit move.”
Your criminal record, which is filled with drug paraphernalia charges, would seem to indicate that Karanges isn't just making assumptions, either.
That record shows your mistreatment of Lamby, too. The first charges involving the dog came in November 2016 and involved a lack of registration tags, which means she's not registered. You were also fined for lack of vaccination for her in April 2017, and for failing to spay her. Worse, you've taken responsibility for none of these things, and those fines have piled up. So the dog you keep using as a prop for begging money? She's actually costing you money now!
But that's not even the worst part. Karanges and others say they've also seen you be rough and abusive with Lamby in front of crowds, both by holding her muzzle and yanking her in all kinda of directions. They also say you've been known to lose the dog at times. Gee, we wonder why she might want to run away from you!
But, as much a dick as you may be, Sean, you're not the only asshat in this situation. Dallas Animal Services ain't exactly looking great these days, either.
Karanges says she's just one of many who have called your abuse of Lamby into 311 and 911 on various occasions. But DAS hasn't stepped in to rectify the situation, and even with perpetuating violations against you based on neglect of pet code, you always gets you back.
That's not gonna happen this time, Sean. Lee Jamison is involved with a pet rescue called Awwdoptable, and she's devoted much of her time the past month to dealing with lawyers in an effort to save Lamby's life and keep her away from you. After finding out that Lamby was still alive, Jamison has been tirelessly fighting for the dog's release and hiring lawyers to help her cause.
Along with the help of others who are doing their best to publicize this issue and your mistreatment of Lamby, Jamison is feeling more and more confident these days that Lamby can be saved when her case is revisited by authorities next week. Here's hoping Lamby gets the happy ending she deserves.
As for you, Sean? Well, you can just go right on ahead and fuck off for good. Without Lamby to hide behind, people are only going to see you for the shithead you are anyways, right? Why bother letting them? Far as we're concerned, we'd be happy never to see you again.
Here's hoping,
Lauren Keuning and the rest of the Central Track staff
Black Friday: Dark Dawn Marine Corps Boot Camp Film Series
Black Friday: Dark Dawn is an immersive documentary series filmed on-location at Recruit Depot San Diego and Camp Pendleton. Now you can experience firsthand the creation of the world's finest fighting force from the moment raw recruits get off the bus to the day they graduate as full fledged United States Marines. With never-before-seen footage, you get the INSIDER view of Marine Corps Boot Camp and the gripping reality of what it really takes to be part of this elite military force tasked with defending our country.
Do you want to see FOR REAL what happens in Marine Corps Boot Camp? See Black Friday: Dark Dawn 1, 2, 3, 4, Zero and 6! ***Feature Length Motion Pictures***
"These video's are amazing. WOW how this brought back memories! You did an incredible job showcasing the dedication and grit that it takes to turn recruits into Marines. You should be very proud of this work." John
"I have to say this is great stuff... Hell of a job!" Paul
"Thank you for what appears to be the premier series on Marine Corps Boot Camp." Brian
Unfettered camera access throughout boot camp, including recruit receiving, the obstacle course, pugil stick fighting, the barracks, rifle range and more!
"I felt like I was in boot camp all over again. Absolutely the best documentary of USMC recruit training I have ever seen. I was an infantry Marine for 8 years." Gabe Don't miss out! Get Black Friday: Dark Dawn today!
I'm excited to announce the pre-order of my cookbook, SWEET POTATO SOUL. Purchase your copy today at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Books-A-Million, Indie Bound, or iBooks.
Corn season is here, and I'm so happy! I love diving through the bins of corn cobs at the farmer's market, and bringing home the sweetest golden stalks. I might go so far as to say corn is my favorite grain. Yeah, grain, because it ain't a vegetable (sorry kids). I love it for it's versatility, sweetness, low-cost, and heartiness. In the summer time, when it's in season, I can literally eat it raw!!
Today I want to show you how to turn the season's bounty into a creamy and delicious corn chowder, one of my favorite soups. You may be thinking, “Soup! Are you crazy, Jenné? It's too hot for soup”. And I feel you on that, however, this soup happens to be delightful whether it's eaten hot, room temperature, or chilled. Okay?!
And where does that creaminess come from without cream? Take a guess!
Oh yeah, coconut milk. In addition to giving this soup body and suavidad (smoothness), it adds a subtle hint of the tropics. Add the lime to the coconut creamy corn chowder, and you just might end up licking the bowl. This stuff is really really guuud 🌽💕
Watch the vid, make the soup, a let a girl know how you like it! Post your pics to Instagram using #sweetpotatosoul
(UPDATED) NBI operatives arrest suspect Joshua Habalo, alias 'Josh', late Friday evening during a party at the House of Manila club inside Remington Hotel in Pasay City
Published 2:48 PM, May 28, 2016
MANILA, Philippines (4th UPDATE) – The National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) arrested a man suspected to be part of a group that sold illegal drugs at the Closeup Forever Summer open-air concert, where 5 attendees died.
Anti-Illegal Drugs Division (AIDD) chief Joel Tovera made the announcement during a press conference on Saturday, May 28.
NBI operatives arrested suspect Joshua Habalo, alias “Josh,” late Friday evening during a party at the House of Manila club inside Remington Hotel in Pasay City.
He was caught in possession of pink ecstasy tablets, packets of cocaine, and 3 green-colored tablets that may be the illegal designer drug, "green amore”, believed to have been sold at the concert.
Green amore is a mixture of methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) or ecstacy, methamphetamine hydrochloride or shabu, and cialis, a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction. Effects include insomnia, loss of appetite, and hypersexuality.
“Naniniwala po tayo na isa siya sa mga big-time drug peddlers, pero hindi po siya ‘yung source ng mga sinasabi nating illegal drugs (We believe he is one of the big-time drug peddlers, but he is not the source of the illegal drugs),” said Tovera.
Habalo told Rappler he attended the concert and was high on ecstasy. But he said he did not sell drugs. Nor does he know any of the victims.
“'Di ako nagbenta ng drugs sa MOA (Mall of Asia). Umattend lang ako doon. Nandoon lang ako ng 1 am hanggang mga 2:30,” said Habalo. (I didn't sell drugs at MOA. I just attended the party. I was there from 1 am to 2:30 am.)
He added that he had already provided the NBI with names of about 10 groups who allegedly sold drugs at the Closeup concert held at the SM MOA concert grounds on May 21.
The suspect is set to be presented to the Office of the Pasay City Prosecutor for inquest proceedings on Saturday afternoon for charges related to the violation of Sections 5 and 11, Article II of the Dangerous Dangerous Drugs Act of 1972.
Closeup concert-goers Bianca Fontejon, Lance Garcia, Ariel Leal, Ken Migawa, and Robertson Miller are suspected to have died due to drug overdose, heatstroke, or even poisoning.
An initial NBI autopsy report on Fontejon and Garcia showed they died because of heart attack, water in their lungs, and internal bleeding. Their hearts, said NBI medico legal officer Dr Wilfredo Tierra, were blackened.
The bureau is conducting a parallel investigation on the Closeup incident apart from the Southern Police District.
Palace Communications Secretary Herminio Coloma Jr said on Saturday that stricter security measures should be imposed on open-air concerts like Closeup Forever Summer. (READ: Closeup concert security report: 400 men, 6 sniffer dogs deployed)
"Isa diyan siguro ‘yung kahalagahan ng regulasyon para sa mga event na ganyan. Ibig sabihin natin, 'yung hindi lamang 'yung tinatawag na perimeter security, siguro dapat na rin ay mayroong... samahan na rin ng inspeksyon kung ano ang mga naipapasok doon sa area ng concert dahil nga malakihang gathering ito," he said.
(Measures to regulate events like this areimportant. This means not only improving perimeter security, but there should also be an inspection of the items being brought into the concert area because these are big gatherings.)
Entrapment operation
NBI senior investigator Salvador Arteche Jr led an entrapment operation from 11 pm to 2 am against Habalo after getting being tipped off about a club reservation under the suspect's name.
NBI AIDD agents, in coordination with the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency and local police, went undercover as club-goers and met Habalo.
Tovera said the suspect offered them ecstasy priced at P1,500 per tablet.
The agents then agreed to buy 5 ecstasy tablets from Habalo. After he accepted the marked money, the authorities apprehended the suspect.
Habalo was in possession of 10 peach-colored tablets, 3 green-colored capsules, and 5 self-sealing plastic containers with a white powder substance.
The NBI is now conducting tests to determine if all of the confiscated drugs are part of the prohibited drugs list in the country.
Suspect caught before
Tovera explained that the NBI AIDD had been monitoring Habalo since his first arrest in 2014.
At the time, he was caught with drugs that looked like green amore pills, but they contained only synthetic cathinones, a stimulant found in the khat plant.
Its effects on the body are similar to ecstasy, but Philippine law had not yet classified them as illegal. Tovera said this was why the NBI had to release Habalo two years ago.
The use of synthetic cathinones, however, are banned in Canada, the United Kingdom, and most of the United States.
On Tuesday, the NBI said their forensic analysis of the drugs seized from Habalo confirmed that the pink tablets contained ecstacy as well as MDMA homolog.
NBI Forensic Investigation Service Division chief Rommel Papa said MMDA homolog is a chemical used for forensic and laboratory reserch.
"It is a laboratory chemical and it is not for human consumption nor veterinary use, so making it more dangerous," he said.
Papa said they also confirmed that the white powder substances they nabbed from Habalo were cocaine.
As for the green capsules, they only contained synthetic cathinones. – Rappler.com
Real Madrid Due to be announced on Monday
Real Madrid appear to have secured the signing of Real Betis starlet Dani Ceballos for a fee in the region of 18 million euros.
Just like Theo Hernandez's capture from Atletico Madrid, Los Blancos are to pay a few million euros over the stipulated release clause in the player's contract to ensure a smooth sale, which amounts to 15m euros in Ceballos' case.
Sunday morning saw the final details ironed out and Real will announce the deal on Monday ahead of a medical and the midfielder putting pen to paper on a six-year contract.
On July 20, Ceballos is scheduled to fly out to San Francisco alongside Spain Under-21 teammates Jesus Vallejo, Marco Asensio and Marcos Llorente to join up with Zinedine Zidane and the Madrid squad on their pre-season tour.
The deal means that the coach's midfield will be more than fully stocked ahead of the new season - Llorente is also a new face after a loan spell at Alaves - and the man left out may be James Rodriguez as the Colombian looks elsewhere for first-team football.
Failing that, Lucas Vazquez and Mateo Kovacic have proposals from Roma and across Italy, respectively, should they become more serious in their demand for greater game time.
Furthermore, Ceballos' move to Real means Barcelona are once again left to seek alternatives in the transfer market having seemingly failed in their pursuits of Marco Verratti and Hector Bellerin.
A truck is driven past a number of wind turbines in a wind power station in rural Shizuishan city, China's NingXia Hui Autonomous Region, on July 23, 2014. China seeks clean energy sources such as wind power to reduce the air pollution that has choked its cities in recent years. (Photo11: WU HONG EPA)
The Obama administration is likely to use upcoming climate talks to push for a treaty-less accord that would "name and shame" countries into reducing their heat-trapping carbon emissions.
Faced with a Congress that has balked at fighting climate change, U.S. negotiators are not expected to seek a new legally-binding treaty that would require Senate ratification. Instead, they're more apt to seek emission-cutting pledges from major polluters such as China.
"I believe there will be a pledge-and-review agreement" that would be politically but not legally binding, says Paul Bledsoe, a senior climate change official in the Clinton administration who has talked to the Obama White House.
"It's kind of what the U.S. has done the last five years," says Bledsoe, now a senior fellow in climate and energy issues at the German Marshall Fund of the United States. In 2009, President Obama made an international pledge to cut U.S. emissions 17% from 2005 levels by 2020.
The United Nations is holding a climate summit Sept. 23 in New York City to advance another round of U.N. talks in December in Lima, Peru, that are slated to yield a new climate agreement next year in Paris.
As part of the negotiations, the Obama administration will sidestep Congress by seeking a political accord rather than a global treaty, the New York Times reported Wednesday, saying it wants to avoid another Kyoto failure. In 1997, the U.N. signed a climate change treaty in Kyoto, Japan, that the U.S. Senate never ratified.
State Department spokesman Jen Psaki declined to describe the U.S. approach. "Not a word of the new climate agreement currently under discussion has been written, so it is entirely premature to say whether it will or won't require Senate approval," she said in a statement.
Yet climate experts say Obama has little choice. "Realistically what else is he going to do," says Vicki Arroyo, executive director of the nonpartisan Georgetown Climate Center, noting his inability to get the two-thirds majority needed to ratify a treaty.
"They're going for more of a political agreement," Arroyo says. She says there's a track record for this approach. Like the U.S., many countries including China made reduction pledges during the United Nations climate talks in Copenhagen, Denmark, in 2009.
"The naming and shaming has already happened," Arroyo says, adding it can go a long way to pressuring countries to take action. Based on a 2012 U.N. agreement, countries are expected to submit emission-cutting proposals by the end of March to be included in next year's accord.
"Major countries can't make a commitment, violate it and thumb their nose at the international community," Bledsoe says. He argues that won't be acceptable, because climate change is seen as too important of an issue.
Bledsoe says several countries, including Canada and Japan, would — like the U.S. — have trouble getting a treaty ratified but they are still serious about cutting emissions. He says India, because of economic troubles, may have a difficult time making a commitment, but he expects China, the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases, will do so.
"China's definitely moving in that direction," spurred largely by its need to reduce its air pollution, says Georgetown University professor Joanna Lewis, who focuses on China's energy policies. She says it's unclear whether its 2015 pledge will be an absolute emissions cut or, as in 2009, a reduction based on economic output.
Rep. Nick Rahall, a Democrat from the coal-producing state of West Virginia, said Wednesday that he will try to stop any administration "end-run around Congress."
Ultimately, though, fighting climate change will require emission cuts from major countries — with or without a treaty, says Jake Schmidt of the Natural Resources Defense Council, an environmental group. He says he's encouraged by what he sees, adding: "There's a growing sign that countries are taking this seriously."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1piuVX9
 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed?
Remember when the market rallied sharply last Monday? Most investors thought it was due to grow expectations that Hillary Clinton would be the next president after FBI Director James Comey cleared Clinton again after another probe of her emails.
The big surge on November 7 snapped a nine-day losing streak for stocks that many attributed to Donald Trump's newfound momentum. Wall Street had decided Clinton was going to be the next president -- and they wholeheartedly approved.
So the fact that the market continued to rally last week after Trump won is, in some respects, even more surprising than the fact that he won in the first place.
Powered by SmartAsset.com Loading Investing: Risk vs. Reward My Details Add your details Add your details Starting Balance  $ Do this later  Dismiss Done Add your details Add your details Risk Tolerance  Moderate Very Conservative Conservative Moderate Aggressive Very Aggressive Do this later  Dismiss Done Add your details Add your details Investment Period (Years)  Do this later  Dismiss Done Created with Highstock 2.0.4 Stocks 65 % Bonds 30 % Cash 5 % Asset Allocation Large Cap Blend  20 % Mid Cap Blend  20 % Small Cap Blend  10 % International Markets 10 % Emerging Markets 5 % Corporate Bonds 30 % Cash 5 % Overview Details Calculate Your Return Update your information here. OK In 15 years your portfolio is forecast to be worth between: $2,662 - $4,400 Created with Highstock 2.0.4 $1k $2k $3k $4k $5k $500 $1.5k $2.5k $3.5k $4.5k 2020 2025 2030 SmartAsset does not make recommendations on securities See a more detailed answer / Methodology  Close This asset allocation tool shows you a suggested portfolio breakdown based on your selected risk profile. We use historical returns and standard deviations of stocks, bonds and cash to simulate what your returns may be over time. We use a Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the expected returns of 10,000 portfolios for each risk profile. Then we use the results of that simulation to show you the range of values that your initial portfolio value may grow to, as well as the likelihood of reaching that range. Compare eREIT Investing Platforms Diversify your portfolio with no-load real estate funds Earn a projected 15% return from our multifamily fund Learn More Real Estate Crowdfunding Invest in Real Estate online. Get started with a free account. Learn More  View our Privacy Policy > View our Terms of Service >  OK Cancel  An error occurred. Click here to reload ASSET ALLOCATION BY
The Dow jumped nearly 600 points -- a 3.2% gain -- in the three days after Trump's victory. It was up again Monday and hit a new all-time high in the process. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq also moved a bit higher after Trump's win.
Are investors now too complacent?
Sure, there are reasons for the market to cheer the Trump win.
A Republican in the White House and Republicans keeping control of Congress increases the chances of a bill being passed that would lead to more infrastructure spending. There may also be fewer regulations on health care stocks and financials.
Unsurprisingly, industrial stocks like Caterpillar ( CAT Merck ( MRK Pfizer ( PFE JPMorgan Chase ( JPM Goldman Sachs ( GS Unsurprisingly, industrial stocks like, big pharmaceutical companies such asandand giant banksandrallied sharply last week. They are all in the Dow too.
Expectations of higher spending by the federal government are one of the main reasons why bond investors have sold U.S. Treasuries to buy stocks. The selling pushed yields sharply higher since bond prices and rates move in opposite directions.
Still, several market strategists expressed concerns that the market is underestimating the possibility of Trump rattling the markets during his time in office. He remains highly unpredictable.
Just this past weekend, Trump vowed in a "60 Minutes" interview that he would not use Twitter as much as he did while campaigning -- but wound up launching a series of tweets attacking The New York Times for its coverage of him.
"It is worth asking whether investors are, yet again, underestimating uncertainty," said David Kelly, chief global strategist with JPMorgan Funds, in a report Monday.
"While Mr. Trump's tone has been conciliatory since the election, his many changes of position during the election campaign beg the question of how aggressively he is going to pursue his stated agenda," Kelly added.
Trump's anti-immigration stance could also be a big problem for U.S. tech companies, which have attracted a lot of talented foreign workers due to the H1-B visa program. Will Trump seek to end that?
That may be one of the reasons why big tech giants Apple ( AAPL Tech30 ) Amazon ( AMZN Tech30 ) That may be one of the reasons why big tech giants, Facebook and Google owner Alphabet all fell last week. Silicon Valley is very wary of Trump -- and probably with good reason.
After all, Trump waged a Twitter war with Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos because he wasn't happy with the coverage he was getting from the Bezos-owned Washington Post.
A Trump war on tech could be bad news for the market and economy. The tech sector is now one of the most important industries in the United States. Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon are among the most valuable companies on the planet.
So even though tech stocks zigged while the rest of the market zagged last week, that probably can't go on indefinitely. Prolonged weakness for big tech companies would have a negative impact on the whole market over the long haul.
There's also the issue of how much Trump will actually be able to accomplish.
Yes, Republicans control Congress. But House Speaker Paul Ryan wasn't exactly the biggest Trump supporter during the campaign. There could be more roadblocks to Trump's plans than expected on Capitol Hill.
"It is also hard to believe that Trump won't experience opposition in implementing policy. Trump and opposition are words that go hand in hand," said Mike O'Rourke, chief market strategist of JonesTrading, in a report Monday.
The title of O'Rourke's report also summed up the rapid shift in sentiment. "Trumpageddon to Trumptopia."
Now this isn't to say that the market definitely is due for a crash during the Trump administration. But experts think investors may now need to take a step back and remember that there still isn't a lot that the market knows about possible Trump policies.
"There remains a great deal of uncertainty over what type of president Trump will actually be. In an election that was dominated by coverage of tweets, videos and emails, policy questions received surprisingly little airtime," said Andrew Sheets, a strategist with Morgan Stanley, in a report Sunday.
"Those questions are now crucial for markets. To a remarkable extent, investors we've spoken to both before and after November 8 disagree on what President-elect Trump will actually do," Sheets added.
That is scary.
Beautifully Done!
If you could sum up Warlords of Ancient Mexico in three words, what would they be?
comprehensive, interesting & well-seamed
Who was your favorite character and why?
Tlacaelel; for his energy & unpredictability (doesn't mean I'd ever want to know him)
Which scene was your favorite?
since this is a history book, that's hard to say
If you were to make a film of this book, what would the tag line be?
the Roller Coaster of the Aztec Civilization
Any additional comments?
The writer did a beautiful job of describing the rise & fall of the Aztecs (there was little about the Maya, but then again they are very enigmatic), with many interesting accompanying illustrative stories. The narrator did a great job with those Nahuatl names. I recommend that you keep a name & place companion with you, as the names can get confusing.
5 of 5 people found this review helpful
ST. LOUIS, MO - SEPTEMBER 21: Brian Quick #83 of the St. Louis Rams catches a touchdown pass against Morris Claiborne #24 of the Dallas Cowboys in the second quarter at the Edward Jones Dome on September 21, 2014 in St. Louis, Missouri. (Photo by Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images) (Photo by Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images)
Dallas Cowboys cornerback Mo Claiborne will be punished by the team but will play this week after leaving team facilities and missing practice on Tuesday.
Claiborne left Valley Ranch after being told that Orlando Scandrick would replace him in the starting lineup. He missed a scheduled meeting and walk-through.
Head Coach Jason Garrett says that Claiborne returned to the facility Tuesday night after gathering his thoughts.
“I think he understood that he made a mistake,” said Garrett. “Guys are competitors. When they hear news that doesn't go their way, different guys react different ways. He obviously knew that he didn't react the right way. He had a chance to kind of collect himself. He came by last night and we addressed it head on.”
Garrett did not say how the team would punish Claiborne, only saying the punishment would be handled in-house. However, the third-year corner will be available to play on Sunday.
Garrett says Mo will have the opportunity to compete “with everybody” for playing time. But Scandrick earned the opportunity to start opposite Brandon Carr against New Orleans.
“It's our job to try and play the best players. We'll do that at every position,” said Garrett. “Orlando Scandrick came back last week, after three days of practice, and played 51 snaps in the game. We just felt like, when we evaluated that, his performance relative to Mo's — he deserved the opportunity to start at that cornerback position.”
Claiborne addressed the team at Wednesday morning's team meeting, though Garrett is keeping the content of his message private.
Drew Brees and the Saints offense piled up 40 first downs against the Cowboys in a 49-17 win last season. The Cowboys secondary was torched for 392 yards passing and four touchdowns.
(©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Latest News:
Top Trending:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan making his announcement
Japan's beleaguered Prime Minister Naoto Kan has announced his resignation, clearing the way for the country's sixth leader in five years.
Mr Kan has been criticised for failing to show leadership after the devastating 11 March earthquake and tsunami, and ensuing nuclear crisis.
In June, Mr Kan pledged to quit if parliament passed three key pieces of legislation, which it did on Friday.
The ruling Democratic Party of Japan will choose a new leader on Monday.
Mr Kan's successor as party head will almost certainly become Japan's next prime minister.
Challenges ahead
Mr Kan announced his decision to stand down at a DPJ meeting, which was broadcast to the nation. He is expected to give a news conference later on Friday.
Looking back on nearly 15 months in office, Mr Kan said he had done all he could have given the difficulties he faced, including the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster and political infighting - including within his own party.
Japan's revolving door Naoto Kan (Jun 10-Aug 11) Lost support over handling of earthquake aftermath
Lost support over handling of earthquake aftermath Yukio Hatoyama (Sep 09-Jun 10) Failed to keep election promise on Okinawa US base
Failed to keep election promise on Okinawa US base Taro Aso (Sep 08-Sep 09) Famed for verbal gaffes, lost election
Famed for verbal gaffes, lost election Yasuo Fukuda (Sep 07-Sep 08) Struggled to pass laws, after DPJ took control of upper house
Struggled to pass laws, after DPJ took control of upper house Shinzo Abe (Sep 06-Sep 07) Unpopular government hit by scandal Which way forward for Japan? Gaffe-prone politicians
"Under the severe circumstances, I feel I've done everything that I had to do," he said. "Now I would like to see you choose someone respectable as a new prime minister."
The 64-year-old's resignation had been widely expected, and comes amid tumbling public support.
On 2 June he won a no confidence vote in the Diet (parliament), only by making a promise to step down at a future date.
The Diet passed the final two bills out of three earlier on Friday - one on the budget, the other promoting renewable energy - which he had set as a condition for his departure.
The BBC's Roland Buerk in Tokyo says the new prime minister will have to oversee the biggest reconstruction effort in Japan since WWII and resolve the nuclear crisis at Fukushima where reactors are still leaking radiation.
They will also have to persuade the markets that Japan can overcome a divided parliament to address the biggest national debt in the industrialised world, our correspondent says.
Seiji Maehara, a hawk on China who argues for pursuing growth before raising taxes to restore the nation's fiscal health, is favourite among the public.
But the decision will be made by the governing party's Diet members.
Reports in Japan say Ichiro Ozawa, who leads the biggest faction despite the suspension of his party membership over a political funding scandal, is unlikely to support the former foreign minister.
Other possible successors include Finance Minister Yoshihiko Noda and Trade Minister Banri Kaieda.
Slow recovery
The twin natural disasters claimed more than 15,700 lives, and more than 4,500 people remain unaccounted for. Survivors in Japan's devastated north-east have complained about slow recovery efforts.
The resulting crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi plant is the world's worst nuclear accident in a generation.
Three of the six reactors melted down after the tsunami and 9.0-magnitude quake wrecked cooling systems.
The opposition and many in Mr Kan's own party said he failed to show leadership in the crisis, and was too slow in acknowledging the severity of the disaster.
The crisis also revealed serious flaws in the nuclear industry's regulatory systems and safety standards.
Workers are continuing to bring the plant to a cold shutdown by January.
However, nearly six months on many of the 80,000 people who were evacuated from the area are living in temporary housing or shelters, with no indication of when or if they will be able to return home.
Glen Grays, a 27-year-old mailman, was on the job in Crown Heights, Brooklyn when he was handcuffed by four plainclothes police officers. The incident was caught on a cellphone camera. (Office of the Brooklyn Borough President)
Glen Grays, a postal worker in Brooklyn, had his delivery route cut short on St. Patrick's Day when he was handcuffed by four plainclothes police officers and placed in an unmarked car.
Cellphone video filmed by a bystander shows Grays in his U.S. Postal Service uniform, holding a package, when the officers approach him. The video doesn't show what led up to the encounter.
The footage was released this week by Brooklyn Borough President Eric L. Adams, who said Grays had been “carrying out his normal duties” as a mail carrier when he got out of his truck and “a vehicle passed by him, almost striking him.”
“He made comments to the vehicle, as any New Yorker would,” Adams said at a news conference last week. “The occupants of the vehicle stopped, backed up when he was crossing the street delivering the package.”
According to Adams, those occupants were the four plainclothes officers, who followed Grays to his delivery stop. The video shows the officers telling Gray to “stop resisting.” They then take him away in handcuffs, leaving his mail truck unattended.
Yelling at the unmarked car about driving recklessly “is the only action that Glen did that day that caused those plainclothes officers to stop their vehicle and to show who's the biggest and the baddest and place handcuffs on an on-duty postal employee who is delivering the U.S. mail,” Adams said. “If they would do that to Glen, in his postal uniform, they would do it to any other person of color in this community.”
Asked about the incident, the New York Police Department said only that “the matter is under internal review.”
Mayor Bill de Blasio “will be in close touch” with Police Commissioner Bill Bratton “about this incident's investigation and findings,” Monica Klein, the mayor's deputy press secretary, said in a statement.
“We expect all members of NYPD to act professionally and respectfully,” Klein said.
[Current and former officers describe tension amid new focus on shootings]
The National Association of Letter Carriers “is troubled by this incident,” president Fredric Rolando said in a statement to The Post on Monday. “We trust that the police department will investigate this matter thoroughly and expeditiously, and that any necessary actions will be taken.”
Grays, who said he was issued a summons for disorderly conduct that requires him to appear in court in May, told “CBS This Morning” on Monday that he “was extremely terrified” during the encounter. He said he has never been arrested nor received a summons before.
“The only thing that saved me, I think, is because I was on videotape,” Grays told CBS. “I was afraid if I didn't comply, something was going to happen to me.”
Grays is engaged to a New York police officer he met while on his delivery route, the New York Times reported.
“I don't hate cops,” Grays told the newspaper. Pointing to his fiancee, he said: “I'm marrying one.”
Adams said Grays did nothing wrong in the video, adding: “It's hard not to believe that the only reason Glen was handcuffed is because [of] the color of his skin.”
Grays is African American.
“It's sad,” Grays told CBS. “I thought that when I put on that uniform, that I would be treated a little different. But it's no difference. I'm just another brother with a uniform.”
The NYPD has come under fire in the past for policies that critics said disproportionately targeted people of color.
Fatal encounters with New York City police have brought additional scrutiny to the department: In 2014, an unarmed black man, Eric Garner, died after he was taken to the ground by officers and put in what appeared to be a chokehold. The incident was caught on tape and ignited protests across the country, with Garner's last words, “I can't breathe,” becoming a rallying cry.
That same year, a rookie officer fatally shot Akai Gurley, an unarmed black man, in the stairwell of a Brooklyn housing project. The officer, Peter Liang, was convicted of manslaughter and fired from the department.
In 1999, an unarmed African immigrant, Amadou Diallo, was gunned down by four New York City police officers in front of his apartment building, in a hail of 41 bullets.
Sonya Sapp, the mother of Glen Grays, said this week that she cried when she watched the video of her son's arrest. He is the eldest of her six sons.
“I worry about all my boys, every minute, every second of every day,” Sapp said at a news conference last week.
[12 years of data from New York City suggest stop-and-frisk wasn't that effective]
The video begins by showing plainclothes officers approaching Grays, who is holding a package. Not all of the words they exchange are clear.
“You want my ID? My ID is right there inside of the truck,” Grays tells the officers, pointing to the vehicle.
The officers tell him to get his ID. Grays is heard telling them that he is delivering mail on his postal route. Two officers pull him away from the door. The package, having fallen to the ground, is kicked away by an officer.
Grays is told to put his hands behind his back.
“Stop resisting,” officers tell him.
“He almost hit me,” Grays says. “I'm not resisting.”
“Put [your hands] behind your back, or you're going to get f—— hurt,” one officer tells him.
Four officers surround Grays, who repeats, frustrated: “I'm not resisting.”
“Get off of me,” he says.
The four plainclothes officers eventually lead Grays, handcuffed, to their unmarked black car.
An officer frisks him and puts him in the car.
Bystanders yell at the officers throughout the encounter. Some recognize Grays and call out to him by name. The video ends there.
[NYPD officer convicted of manslaughter for shooting Akai Gurley; officer and his partner fired]
Adams, the borough president, said that after the police vehicle drove away, it rear-ended another car and that Grays, who wasn't placed in a seat belt, was injured in the crash.
From the New York Times:
The driver, who had turned around to taunt him, hit the vehicle in front of them, Mr. Grays said, causing him to bang his shoulder against the front seat. Mr. Grays was then taken to the 71st Precinct station, where he was issued a summons for disorderly conduct that will require him to appear in court. He was then released.
In a televised interview with CBS on Monday, Grays said he wanted the officers involved to be disciplined, but “I don't want them to be jobless. They might have families, kids they have to support.”
Adams denounced the actions of the officers, saying that he was deeply troubled by the treatment of a federal employee and that the “major steps” taken by de Blasio and Bratton to reform police practices haven't gotten “down to the street.”
“This could have been another Eric Garner situation if Glen had not responded as calmly as he did,” Adams said.
[This story, originally published March 25, has been updated.]
Story highlights National Transportation Safety Board wants to reduce blood alcohol benchmark
LZ Granderson: Board's goal is to reduce alcohol-related deaths, but this is hard to attain
He says more teens die from texting and driving than drinking and driving
LZ: Instead of lowering the threshold, enforce current laws better
Celebrity mugshots are hilarious, aren't they?
The disheveled hair, the smeared makeup, the ridiculous attempt by some to still try to look "hot" despite the circumstances. The most iconic post-arrest shot is Nick Nolte circa 2002. He looks as if he went through a carwash riding on the hood. The mugshot even has its own Twitter handle.
Yeah, it's all fun and games until you read why these celebrities were arrested in the first place.
Nolte was brought in for suspicion of driving under the influence. Wynonna Judd was arrested in 2003, accused of the same thing. As was Nicole Richie in 2006 and Kiefer Sutherland in 2007.
LZ Granderson
Knicks point guard Jason Kidd is lucky to be alive. He was arrested in 2012 after running into a utility pole.
Todd Harrell, the bassist for the band 3 Doors Down, is also fortunate to be alive. In April, he was charged with vehicular homicide when the car he was driving clipped a pickup and crashed into a retaining wall. Unfortunately, the truck he hit swerved out of control, hit a guardrail, dropped down an embankment and overturned, killing the driver.
When that happens, the mugshots of celebrity drunken drivers become less funny.
This week, the National Transportation Safety Board recommended all 50 states decrease the blood alcohol content threshold for drunken driving from 0.08% to 0.05%. The goal is to have zero deaths from alcohol-related car accidents. Noble but unattainable if our attitude about drinking and driving doesn't change.
In 2010, adults self-reported drinking and driving about 112 million times. Only 1.4 million drivers -- about 1% -- were arrested. In other words, if someone has had one too many drinks and gets behind the wheel of a car 100 times in a year, they might get caught once. How do you convince a nation that gets away with a crime 99% of the time that it's a serious matter?
JUST WATCHED Will drunk driving standard get tougher? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Will drunk driving standard get tougher? 02:42
We can talk about the deaths, but let's be honest -- more than 10,000 people dying each year because of alcohol-impaired crashes is sad.
To really move the needle on any issue of importance, it helps to make it a personal matter as it is a legal one.
The Center for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 85% of self-reported drunken drivers were binge drinkers . For men, that constitutes at least five drinks in an hour. Five drinks raises your level to .10%. So instead of using resources to lobby for a new federal law that lowers the threshold, the NTSB should direct its influence on helping states enforce the current one.
If more people were caught, the less other people would feel that they could get away with it.
Lowering the blood alcohol threshold does nothing if we don't increase the number of checkpoints so people can be arrested for breaking the current law. And you could fund this increase in checkpoints by doing something the World Health Organization recommends: imposing a tax on alcoholic beverages.
For a 180-pound man, as little as two beers could cause his blood alcohol content to reach 0.05 . How many elected officials are really going to want to fight food and beverage lobbyists in addition to bar and restaurant owners for that? A slight increase in price to fund an initiative to arrest drunken drivers will not only discourage binge drinking (because it's more expensive to do so), but it is a message that's easier to sell to a nation that consumed 6.3 billion gallons of beer in 2011
Maybe then instead of dismissing the Noltes and Lindsay Lohans of the world as being stupid enough to get caught, the public would view celebrities who are arrested for drunken driving as reminders that they could be caught, too.
Because at the end of the day, the NTSB can try to pass all the laws it wants, but if people don't get caught, then the law is toothless. That's part of the reason why celebrity mugshots are so funny because those fools got caught.
But drunken driving would be less funny to everyone if more people were greeted at a checkpoint with a Breathalyzer.
Ron Paul: A political force, a Republican blasting war
Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul speaks at the SeaTac Double Tree hotel on Thursday February 16, 2012 during an energetic campaign rally. An overflow crowd turned out for the candidate. Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul speaks at the SeaTac Double Tree hotel on Thursday February 16, 2012 during an energetic campaign rally. An overflow crowd turned out for the candidate. Photo: JOSHUA TRUJILLO Photo: JOSHUA TRUJILLO Image 1 of / 23 Caption Close Ron Paul: A political force, a Republican blasting war 1 / 23 Back to Gallery
Rep. Ron Paul of Texas, preaching ploughshares as fellow GOP candidates brandish sabres, quoted returning military personnel describing the Afghanistan War as a "fake and a fraud" when his packed house SeaTac rally broke into a chant seldom heard at Republican gatherings:
"BRING THEM HOME! BRING THEM HOME!"
"Somebody asked me the other day, 'When should we bring them home?' I replied, 'As soon as we can get the ships over there," Paul declared, and the audience of more than 1,300 was on its feet again.
The 76-year-old Texas congressman is like no other presidential candidate. He preaches a drastic reduction of the federal government, an end to the Federal Reserve, abolition of five cabinet department -- yet with a foreign policy to the left of his rivals in both parties.
Racially provocative and homophobic newsletters were sent out over his name in the 1970's and 1980's, yet today Paul draws crowds of anti-war young and college students. He preaches legalization of drugs. No candidate is Paul's equal at blasting big government's assaults on civil liberties.
"The military can arrest any American citizen," he declared. "They can be put in a secret prison -- indefinitely."
The Paul campaign came to Washington on Thursday with rallies in Vancouver and SeaTac, and proceeds to Pasco Friday.
Paul told seattlepi.com that he has "a very good chance" of winning in this state's March 3 precinct caucuses. Will it be his first victory of the 2012 Republican presidential season? "We have to see whether some of the caucuses already held, we've won," he replied.
Paul was referring to last weekend's Republican caucuses in Maine. Mitt Romney was pronounced the winner by a margin of fewer than 200 votes. Yet, one large county put off its caucuses -- a snowstorm was predicted -- while inaccurately pro-Romney returns in another county have not been corrected.
In both places where the state Republican Party has messed up caucus vote counts -- Iowa and Maine -- the mistakes have favored Mitt Romney.
As evidence by turnout at the Doubletree on Thursday night, Paul's following has grown since 2008. It is just that, an intense and devoted following -- but a following with a ceiling. The flinty Texan wins over voters gradually with his attacks on the Federal Reserve and evocations of individualism. Other candidates have surged and fallen back. Paul has slowly built.
But the foundations are solid. "I never got in politics, never cared until Ron Paul," said Nicholas Vandering, who runs a small auto recycling business.
Vaughn Merritt, a student at Central Washington University, added: "It's not the guy so much as the message. If you tell the truth, people will understand. It's not an everyday thing to hear the truth, and that is why I came here."
The meeting even drew a few disaffected former Obama supporters. "I supported the single payer option on health care and Rahm Emanuel (ex-White House chief of staff) left it off the table," said Mark Early, a retired software engineer.
Paul has drawn few "name" endorsements in the state. One is Eltopia, Wash., farmer and ex-Washington Redskin Clint Didier, a Tea Party-backed U.S. Senate candidate in 2010. Another is ex-Washington State Supreme Court Justice Richard Sanders, who shared the dais with Paul.
"I hope to see him (Sanders) back on the court," said Paul.
Paul speeches are laden with references to "they" -- taken broadly to mean the people who run things in Washington, D.C., and on Wall Street, and in the economy, and in the United Nations.
Speaking about property rights -- he is a critic of land use laws and environmental regulations -- Paul argued: "THEY tell us when we can use it and not use it."
He went on to blast the federal income tax, adding: "THEY tell you how much you can keep. The basis of the income tax is anti-liberty."
Speaking broadly of social change in America Paul declared: "The lobbyists came in and THEY run the show and the redistribution of wealth."
Paul has trouble with the robust presidency and reforms (e.g. the income tax, creation of the Federal Reserve) that grew up under the progressive presidencies of Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson in the early 20th Century.
"For 100 years now we have allowed the Federal Reserve to exist and look what they have given us," he said. "Who is it they take care of? Is it Wall Street and Goldman Sachs and all the banks and the military industrial complex."
"END THE FED! END THE FED!" chanted the crowd.
Later, preaching individual liberties and a free marketplace, Paul said: "It's picking up the ideas where we left off 70, 80 and 90 years ago."
Seattle is a city receptive to peace themes, and at times Paul's calls sounded like language from a 1970's-era Seattle anti-Vietnam War rally or anti-Afghanistan War protests down in Olympia.
"War is a negative, it is always a negative," Paul argued. He noted that it took less than four years to defeat Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan in World War II. "Up until World War II we declared war," he said. "Since World War II, we have not declared one war and (yet) wars have been continuous."
For all of America's good intentions in intervening overseas, added Paul, "We have more enemies." He asked: "What would happen if we treated other nations the way we want to be treated?'
Jeffrey Bascom, an Everett Community College student, was in full agreement. "We don't need to prove we have the big stick like (Theodore) Roosevelt," he said. Like many Paul supporters, he had hair of a length not often seen at Republican rallies.
Panera Bread Co. committed itself to removing at least 150 artificial sweeteners, colors, flavors and preservatives from its menu by the end of next year, the latest move by a major food company to respond to a consumer shift toward foods seen as simpler and more healthful.
The sandwich-and-salad chain, which has nearly 1,900 restaurants in the U.S. and Canada, plans to eliminate ingredients such as fat substitutes and propylene glycol, a preservative used in consumer products as diverse as deodorant and electronic cigarettes. It has been working on the plans since 2012, and already has cut ingredients like sucralose, an artificial sweetener, and titanium dioxide, used to whiten mozzarella cheese.
The changes by Panera—a company already among leaders in reacting to health trends such as the growing preference for meat raised without antibiotics—highlight the complexity of revamping restaurant supply chains to adapt to fast-changing consumer tastes.
Panera's move will apply to soups, sandwiches, salad dressings and many baked goods, but artificial ingredients will remain in some products, including soda.
Consumers “know they should be eating better, but they're not always sure how to do that,” said Ron Shaich, Panera's chief executive officer, in an interview. “What we're trying to do is give people a simple, easy, Good Housekeeping seal-of-approval kind of approach to it.”
Other food makers recently have made similar moves. In February, Nestlé SA said it would remove artificial flavors and colors from its Crunch, Butterfinger candy bars and other chocolates in the U.S. Last week, Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. said it had mostly completed removing genetically modified ingredients from its supply chain amid growing consumer concerns about the agricultural technology.
Panera's announcement carries some risk by spotlighting the dozens of artificial ingredients the company still relies on. Eliminating artificial ingredients while preserving taste and other qualities that draw in consumers is also difficult and doesn't necessarily mean the length of ingredient lists will shrink. The company's reformulated Greek salad dressing will have 19 items on its ingredient lists compared with 18 when artificial products were present, the company said.
But Panera has revamped its products before to try to stay at the forefront of consumer trends. The St. Louis company committed itself a decade ago to buying chicken raised without any antibiotics amid growing concerns that overuse was hampering their effectiveness in human medicine. It also in 2008 abolished trans fats, which can preserve products' shelf life but have been linked to heart attacks and strokes.
More food news you can use:
William Lee Bergstrom (1951 – February 4, 1985 born in Austin, Texas) commonly known as The Suitcase Man or Phantom Gambler, was a gambler and high roller known for placing the largest bet in casino gambling history at the time amounting to $777,000 ($2.36 million present day amount) at the Horseshoe Casino, which he won.[1] Bergstrom returned to the Horseshoe three years later in 1984 and placed several additional bets, including a $1 million bet ($2.41 million present day value) which he lost.[1] This bet remains as one of the largest bets ever placed against a casino.[2]
Early life [ edit ]
Bergstrom was born in Austin, Texas and attended Austin High School graduating in 1969. Majoring in electrical engineering, he enrolled at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas in Fall, 1969. Bill, who enjoyed aviation, became a private pilot, and worked as a waiter at a local restaurant in Lubbock, often working till late at night prior to returning to his dorm room at Weymouth Hall on the Texas Tech campus. In Spring of 1971, Bergstrom departed Texas Tech and attended the University of Texas, but dropped out in 1974. His brother Alan Bergstrom described their childhood as marred. Their parents were divorced and Bill constantly desired the respect and affection of his father.[1]
After dropping out Bergstrom made a living selling real estate and owning property in Texas.[3]
Gambling [ edit ]
On September 24, 1980 Bergstrom arrived at Binion's Horseshoe Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada with two suitcases: one containing $777,000 in cash, the other empty. Benny Binion had a policy of honoring a bet of any size if it is the player's first bet placed at the casino. Bergstrom, who remained anonymous at the time, placed the full amount on a single bet of dice which he won. Bergstrom bet the Don't Pass line. The shooter established a point of six then sevens out two rolls later resulting in a $777,000 profit for Bergstrom. Binion helped Bergstrom stack his winning into the empty suitcase, which Bergstrom took and disappeared.[1]
Bergstrom disappeared for three and a half years before returning on March 24, 1984 to place a $538,000 bet again on a single roll of dice. He won again, took his mother to a Willie Nelson show, and won an additional $117,000 on three more craps bets. Then, on November 16 he returned and placed a $1,000,000 bet with a suitcase filled with $550,000 in cash, $140,000 in gold Krugerrands, and $310,000 in cashier's checks. Again, Bergstrom bet the Don't Pass, however the shooter threw a winner seven on the come out roll resulting in a $1,000,000 loss for Bergstrom.[1]
According to Ted Binion, Bergstrom had borrowed most of the money for the first bet and intended to commit suicide if he lost. Instead, he won and traveled the world for several years before returning in 1984.[4]
Death [ edit ]
Bergstrom never recovered from his million dollar loss and committed suicide on February 4, 1985, by swallowing pills.[5][3] The reason for his suicide remains unknown. Friends and family believed that he was not broke at the time of his death and was still $647,000 in the black.[6]
His suicide note suggested his sexual orientation as a possible cause of suicide which was triggered by a breakup with a man 10 years his junior.[1]
Legacy [ edit ]
Bergstrom's story remains in Las Vegas lore and has inspired awards and prize giveaways throughout Las Vegas.[7]
See also [ edit ]
Shadows are exceptionally important for rendering the final picture. They provide the viewer not only with information about the objects' outline but also about their height and relative position, light source position and so on.
Blend4Web implements the following shadow rendering techniques: cascaded shadow maps (CSM) and softened shadows (PCF).
Up to 4 (or 3 if SSAO is enabled) light sources can generate shadows simultaneously. If Shadow parameter is enabled for more than 4 light sources, shadows will still be generated only from 4 of them.
Direction If there are multiple light sources, it is recommended to specify the exact light source which is used for shadow calculations, by enabling the Shadow > Shadow checkbox under the Object Data tab for the selected lamp object. Color The shadow color is determined by the environment lighting settings.
The following additional settings are located on the Shadows panel of the Render tab:
Render Shadows Enables and disables shadow rendering. Can be set to ON , OFF and AUTO . Set to AUTO by default. Soft Shadows This option enables smoothing of the shadow maps. Enabled by default. Resolution Shadow map resolution. The default value is 2048 x 2048px. Blur Samples The number of the samples used for smoothing shadow maps. Available values are 4x, 8x and 16x, with the latter being the default value. Self-Shadow Polygon Offset Coefficient for shifting polygons relative to light source orientation. The default value is 1. Self-Shadow Normal Offset Coefficient for shifting polygons along their normals. The default value is 0.010.
The last two parameters can be used to reduce self-shadowing artifacts. These artifacts appear for the objects that cast and receive shadows at the same time. The Self-Shadow Polygon Offset parameter is more effective for fighting against artifacts in inner areas of polygons while Self-Shadow Normal Offset is better for the boundary areas. Both these parameters lead to shadow distortions so we recommend setting them as low as possible.
Note Shadows from Point light sources are generated the same way as from Spotlight sources and are projected only in one direction specified by the source's Rotation parameter.
Enable CSM Activates the using of cascaded shadows model; reveals additional options. Disabled by default. Won't work if the Shadow setting is enabled for more than one light source. Point and Spot type light sources support only one shadow cascade.
This option allows choosing between the following shadow generation models:
Generic model which uses a single optimized shadow map for the whole scene ( Enable CSM is turned off).
is turned off). Shadow cascades ( Enable CSM is turned on).
Blur Radius Blur ratio for setting up softened shadows. The default value is 3. Zero value produces hard shadows.
Softened shadows can improve visual quality and realism. They hide the jugged edges inevitable when using image-based techniques, that is especially noticeable for low-resolution shadow maps. The using of softened shadows often allows decreasing resolution without substantial quality loss.
Generic shadows¶ This option suits well smaller scenes with a limited number of objects. Thanks to optimizations applied for such scenes, one can achieve better shadow quality as compared with cascaded shadows. Also, this option is simpler and faster for setting up, while using a single shadow map greatly improves the performance.
Thomas Johann Seebeck ( German: [ˈtoːmas ˈjoːhan ˈzeːbɛk]; 9 April 1770 – 10 December 1831) was a Baltic German physicist, who, in 1822, observed a relationship between heat and magnetism. Later, in 1823, Ørsted called these phenomena thermoelectric effect.
Seebeck was born in Reval (today Tallinn, Estonia) to a wealthy Baltic German merchant family. He received a medical degree in 1802 from the University of Göttingen, but preferred to study physics. From 1821 to 1823, Seebeck perfomed a series of experiments trying to understand Ørsted's findings from 1820. During his experiments, he observed that a junction of dissimilar metals produces a deflexion on a magnetic needle (compass) when exposed to a temperature gradient. Because Ørsted had discovered that an electric current produces a deflexion on a compass transversal to the wire, Seebeck's results were interpreted as a thermoelectric effect[2]. This is now called the Peltier–Seebeck effect and is the basis of thermocouples and thermopiles.
Seebeck effect [ edit ]
A plaque in honor of Seebeck in Tallinn, Estonia
In 1822, after previous experiments on voltaic current and magnetism[3], Thomas Johann Seebeck found that a circuit made from two dissimilar metals with junctions at different temperatures would deflect a compass magnet.[4] Seebeck believed this was due to magnetism induced by the temperature difference. Based on this result, Seebeck elaborated a table relating different metal junctions and the deflexion of the compass[4]. His main conclusion at the end of these experiments was about the influence of the metals and volcanoes on Terrestrial magnetism[4].
However, during the 1820's, there were at least two different explanations to the relationship between electricity and magnetism. One of them was related to the belief in the polarity of the Nature (Naturphilosophie); another, followed Newton's concepts of force. Ørsted, Seebeck, Ritter and some German chemists and physicists believed on the polarity and looked for a relationship among different forces of Nature, like electricity, magnetism, heat, light and chemical reactions[5]. Following Newton's concept of force were André-Marie Ampère and some French physicists[6]. Ørsted interpreted Seebeck's experiment as a relationship among electricity, magnetism and heat and adopt it as a way to reinforce his on theory[2], overcoming the French physicists.
After the discovery of the electron and its fundamental charge, it was quickly realized that Seebeck's effect was an electric current that is induced, which by Ampere's law deflects the magnet. More specifically, the temperature difference produces an electric potential (voltage) which can drive an electric current in a closed circuit. Today, this effect is known as the Peltier–Seebeck effect.
The voltage produced is proportional to the temperature difference between the two junctions. The proportionality constant (a) is known as the Seebeck coefficient, and often referred to as the thermoelectric power or thermopower. The Seebeck voltage does not depend on the distribution of temperature along the metals between the junctions. This effect is the physical basis for a thermocouple, which is used often for temperature measurement.
V = a ( T h − T c ) {\displaystyle V=a(T_{h}-T_{c})\,\!}
The voltage difference, V, produced across the terminals of an open circuit made from a pair of dissimilar metals, A and B, whose two junctions are held at different temperatures, is directly proportional to the difference between the hot and cold junction temperatures, T h − T c . The voltage or current produced across the junctions of two different metals is caused by the diffusion of electrons from a high electron density region to a low electron density region, as the density of electrons is different in different metals. The conventional current flows in the opposite direction.
If both junctions are kept at same temperature, an equal amount of electron diffuses at both of them. Therefore, the currents at the two junctions are equal and opposite and the net current is zero, and if both the junctions are kept at different temperatures then diffusions at the two junctions are different and hence a different amount of current is produced. Therefore, the net current is non-zero. This phenomenon is known as thermoelectricity.
Precursors to color photography [ edit ]
In 1810, at Jena, Seebeck described the action of the spectrum of light on the chloride of silver. He observed that the exposed chemical would sometimes take on a pale version of the color of light that exposed it, and also reported the action of light for a considerable distance beyond the violet end of the spectrum.[7] Seebeck also worked on the Theory of Colours with Goethe.
Other achievements [ edit ]
In 1808, Seebeck was first to produce and describe the amalgam of potassium. In 1810, he observed the magnetic properties of nickel and cobalt. In 1818, Seebeck discovered the optical activity of the solutions of sugar.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
History Edit
Production Edit
Performance Edit
Motorsport Edit
Aftermarket tuning Edit
Despite early concerns about the difficulty of modifying the Nissan GT-R, many aftermarket tuning parts have become available. The previously reported "untuneable" ECU has since been hacked by several tuning houses. COBB Tuning was the first company to access the GT-R's encrypted ECU.[81] With their AccessPORT anyone can reprogram both the engine and transmission control units with off the shelf or custom maps. Mine's also has limited control of the ECU, and others (MCR,[82] HKS, and Top Secret) have bypassed the unit. They have been seen testing modified GT-Rs with the former two having conducted tests at the Tsukuba Circuit.[83][84] Ecutek tuning on the other hand was the first company to manipulate and change shift points on the GT-R in the TCM (Transmission Control Module) on automatic mode. This can be done at will by the driver. Ecutek also allows the driver to adjust launch control on the fly available with a wrap around boost gauge that can read over 20 PSI.[85] Like COBB Tuning, Ecutek currently offers engine tuning on the ECU and TCM with different launch control software from LC1 up to LC5.[86] On January 16, 2013, Ecutek also became the first company to construct and offer Flex Fuel hardware and software capability for all Nissan GT-Rs. This fuel kit requires the Ecutek specific TCM. The kit provides changes in the cold start cranking compensation, changes to the maximum target boost, changes in the ignition timing, changes to target airflow, changes in cam timing, and changes in the fuel economy gauge reading all based solely on ethanol content in the gas tank.[87] Japan based tuner Mine's has created the VR38DETT super response engine which uses lightened engine internals like titanium rods, lightened pistons and many other components that allow the engine to rev more quickly, it makes 588 kW; 789 hp; 800 PS.[88][89] In a review by Motor Trend editor Scott Kanemura, it was revealed that the GPS system fitted to the GT-R would remove the 180 km/h (112 mph) speed limiter when the car arrives at a race track, but only on tracks approved by Nissan. Aftermarket ECUs have been developed to bypass the speed limiter, in addition to stand-alone speed-limiter defeaters. The GPS check will not be implemented in American models.[90] In August 2008, Nissan's official motorsport and tuning arm Nismo announced the "Club Sport" tuning package for the GT-R . The package, which is also fitted to the SpecV,[91] includes Bilstein Damptronic compatible dampers, 20" forged aluminum wheels from RAYS Engineering, Bridgestone run-flat tires, Recaro carbon fiber-shelled bucket seats, a titanium exhaust, and a revised rear diffuser with an added cooling duct.[92] The package is supported by a warranty and saves over 20 kg (44 lb). AMS Performance, based in West Chicago, Illinois, has set record power levels and performance numbers for the GT-R. Their Alpha Omega GT-R puts down between 1700–1750 whp and boasts 0–60 times of 1.7 seconds according to their staff on their official Facebook page. In June 2013, Omega set multiple world records at the WannaGoFast 1/2 Mile Shootout at Built Field Airport in Monee, Illinois which included: 344.46 km/h (214.04 mph) in a standing 1/2 mile; 60–130 mph in 3 seconds; 0–161 km/h (0–100 mph) in 4.4 seconds; 0–322 km/h (0–200 mph) in 11.87 seconds.[93] OMEGA broke into the 7s when it ran a 7.98 at 299.56 km/h (186.14 mph), currently making it the quickest and fastest GT-R in the world at the time[needs update], as well as the first GT-R to reach the 9's, 8's, and 7's.[93] During the evening of the 7 second pass Omega broke a couple of other records. Omega bested its previous 97–209 km/h (60–130 mph) time with 2.67 seconds.[93] Omega also broke the 161–241 km/h (100–150 mph) record which was previously held by an Underground Racing TT Gallardo (2.58 seconds) with 2.45 seconds.[93] The AMS Performance Alpha Omega package functions more as a shop/research and development vehicle which is the reason why it is not available to the general public. However, anybody can purchase the Alpha 6, Alpha 9, Alpha 10, Alpha 12, Alpha 14 and Alpha 16 packages; each respectively with approximately 600, 900, 1000, 1200, 1,400 and 1,600 wheel horsepower when installed and tuned. The Nissan GT-R played a main role in Fast & Furious 6.[94] The car in the widely successful movie has modified bumpers, new vented hood, modified fenders, side sills, carbon doors, carbon roof, and carbon spoilers. In February 2016, using the GT-R NISMO, Masato Kawabata set a new world record for the fastest 90-degree drift at approximately 320 km/h in the Fujairah International Airport. On the August 13, 2014, Mike Newman broke the record for the 'fastest speed for a car driven blindfolded' in a Nissan GT-R modified by Litchfield Motors (UK).[95]
Awards and recognition Edit
Sales Edit
Calendar
Year US Canada Japan Europe
(incl. UK) 2007 — — 807[116] — 2008 1730[117] 137[117] 4871[116] 1[118] 2009 1534[117] 133[117] 531[116] 1987[118] 2010 877[117] 62[117] 395[119] 1078[118] 2011 1294[117] 72[117] 526[119] 889[118] 2012 1188[117] 117[117] 558[119] 738[118] 2013 1237[117] 125[117] 668[119] 480[118] 2014 1436[117] 125[117] n/a[a] 503[118] 2015 1105[117] 130[117] n/a[a] 486[118] 2016 698[117] 156[117] n/a[a] 618[118] 2017 578[117] 134[117] n/a[a] n/a[a] 2018 538[117] 52[117] n/a[a] n/a[a]
Notes a b c d e f g Data not available
Statistics by US model year (manufacturer claimed) Edit
US Model Year Power
kW (hp) Torque
Nm (lb⋅ft) 0–97 km/h
0–60 mph
(seconds) 400 m
1⁄ 4 mile
(seconds) Nurburgring Lap Time
(minutes) 2009 358 (480) 583 (430) 3.5 11.9 7:26.70 [120] 2010 362 (485) 583 (430) 3.3 11.8 NA 2011 362 (485) 588 (434) 3.2 11.6 7.24.22 [121] 2012 395 (530) 607 (448) 2.8 11.2 NA 2013 406 (545) 628 (463) 2.7 11.0 NA 2014 406 (545) 628 (463) 2.7 11.0 7:19.1 [57] 2015 406 (545) 628 (463) 2.7 11.0 NA 2015 Nismo N-Attack Package 447 (600) 652 (481) 2.7 11.0 7:08.679 [122] 2016[123] 406 (545) 628 (463) 2.7 11.0 NA 2017[124] 421 (565) 633 (467) 2.7 [125] 11.0 NA 2018[126] 421 (565) 633 (467) 2.7 11.0 TBD
References Edit
Further reading Edit
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has, on multiple occasions, donated to state attorneys general who were considering investigations related to his businesses.
A review of political donation records found that Trump has given about $140,000 to a dozen people who were state attorneys general or attorney general candidates between 2001 and 2014, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Trump recently paid a fine of $2,500 to the IRS following revelations that his charitable foundation made a $25,000 donation to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi in 2014, when she was deciding whether to investigate Trump University. Under IRS rules, the foundation is barred from using charitable funds to engage in politics.
In other instances, Trump donated $6,000 to California Attorney General Kamala Harris while his university was part of an investigation into for-profit colleges in the state. The Journal also found that several of the donations involved state attorneys general in New York, particularly when his business was being reviewed.
Trump has repeatedly criticized what he describes as a “rigged” political system during his bid for president, boasting that he knows how the system works because of his own experience making political contributions. “When I want something I get it,” he said at an Iowa rally in January. “When I call, they kiss my ass. It's true.”
In explaining the contributions to attorneys general, Alan Garten, general counsel at the Trump Organization, said the onus should be on the office of the attorney general to return contributions if necessary—which is what some prosecutors did.
“He has always said he's given to politicians his entire career and he thinks the system is broken,” Garten said of Trump, according the Journal. “Thinking that the system is broken doesn't preclude him from giving to politicians when they are knocking on his door 365 days of the year.”
For the past week I've been spending some quality time with the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1. While I like the hardware for the most part and I don't mind TouchWiz, I've been struggling to find a place for the device in my life. While a large part of it is simply that I'm not entirely convinced that a tablet is the best form factor, I keep finding myself disappointed with the app selection and quality. There are some great apps available for Honeycomb and Ice Cream Sandwich, but overall I've been disappointed time and time again.
Twitter
I use Twitter all the time, so having a great Twitter app is important to me. I've tried all the apps out there and the official Twitter app remains my favorite (mostly because TweetDeck has become abandonware). Unfortunately, the Twitter team hasn't taken the time to make the Twitter app optimized for tablets, which leads to the hideous layout above. It's usable (though very laggy), but I've been forced to switch between Tweetcaster, Plume, and Tweetcomb, all of which have issues. Perhaps the most maddening part of the situation is not that there are only three tablets optimized Twitter apps, but that Twitter has a tablet optimized version of their app for iOS.
Document Editing
Another major disappointment was Google Docs. The application has a great view for choosing documents, but once you get into typing up a document you're better off scouring the Market for an actual attempt at a decent app. The Galaxy Tab comes with Quickoffice HD which offers much more functionality (including the option to sync with Google Docs, Dropbox, box, huddle, SugarSync, or mobileme), but lacks some key functionality like inserting a period after two spaces. It really is a shame that Google hasn't done anything to make Google Docs a usable experience. Sure, there's always the option to use the website, but I'd rather have a useful app.
Music
Apps like Google Music look great on Honeycomb/ICS, but apps like rdio and Google Listen are once again simply blown up apps. Google Listen is the definition of abandonware at this point, but apps like rdio deserve a tablet optimized version (especially since rdio has an app for iPad). Apps like Google Listen and rdio still function properly, but the experience is tolerable at best. Why Google didn't just push Google Listen into Google Music is beyond me.
Browser
The stock browser offers decent functionality, but it's again limited. The browser performed fine for simple sites like Droid-Life, but it had some seriously delay when loading heavier websites like The Verge. Opera had fewer issues, but Dolphin Browser HD had the best performance of the three. It's a little disappointing to me that it took downloading a 3rd party browser for me to get a good experience, but I imagine things will improve for the stock browser when ICS is released for the Galaxy Tab.
Netflix
The Netflix app is a great example of the state of Android apps. The app works fine on the Galaxy Tab, though scrolling through a list of films is very jittery. Playing actual video in the app was great, but the experience of finding a movie to watch was sluggish. It felt like Netflix pushed the app out just to get it out without any intention of really optimizing the performance for browsing. It's a minor issue, sure, but if I'm going to shell out four to five benjamins for a piece of hardware, I'd like to have some assurance that the apps available are high quality.
Gaming
Over the weekend I played a little Dead Space on a friend's HTC Rezound. I enjoyed the experience, so I figured I'd buy the app to play on the Galaxy Tab. Unfortunately, there is no tablet version of Dead Space. I can't even play the phone version. Many other games like Cut the Rope and Hex Defense are just blown up versions of the app, but there's little reason to expect a tablet optimized version of those apps. Most games played fine, though many could have used some high resolution images so that they looked better when blown up to fit the Galaxy Tab's screen.
We Still Need Better Apps
I understand that Honeycomb tablets have only been on shelves for eleven months, but I expected there to be better apps on the Market by now. I know the transition from one screen size to another takes time, but I think it's clear that most developers simply don't see the value in optimizing their apps to run on tablets. It makes sense; most tablet owners have an iPad, not an Android tablet. I get it, but that doesn't make me happy about it. It makes it harder for me to recommend something like the Transformer Prime to clients and friends. Sure, it has a keyboard dock, but without a great market of apps it's worse off than a $250 Windows netbook.
Google needs to start throwing some of their billions at app developers to ensure that major apps like Netflix have a buttery smooth, reliable, fun experience. Just as importantly, Google's own apps should be optimized for tablets. Gmail looks and works great, but Google Docs is useless. That should never happen. Google's apps should showcase what developers can do with Android. Google's apps should number the best in the Market. Right now, many are among the worst available.
Ice Cream Sandwich was a great first step in making Android more usable on tablets, but Google has to know how important apps are in this space. There is no excuse for the official Twitter app to not be optimized for HC/ICS, much less for Google Docs to offer such limited functionality. If Google really wants to compete with Apple, that means we need better apps now.
13th Floor Elevators, the seminal psychedelic band helmed by Roky Erickson, are set to reunite at the Levitation festival in Austin, Texas, which takes place May 8-10. It's the first time the surviving original members—Erickson, Tommy Hall, John Ike Walton, and Ronnie Leatherman—will have performed together since 1967. "Special guests" are promised for their set.
"When we were going on we weren't very appreciated, but now the young people dig us," Hall told the Austin Chronicle. "With the younger generations' knowledge and their use of weed for good purposes, they understand the information. Once we have these ideas, it should change us physically."
13th Floor Elevators will close the festival on May 10. As previously reported, Tame Impala, Spiritualized, the Flaming Lips, Mac DeMarco, the Jesus and Mary Chain, Primal Scream, DIIV, Lighting Bolt, Metz, HEALTH, Thee Oh Sees, and many more are also set to perform.
Watch the original lineup perform "You're Gonna Miss Me":
Qualifier #7 today!
VanCaspel
Welcome to the second semester of qualifiers of the DSCL everyone :). We have a very special first lecture, taught by none other than BelleNOiR and Madals. The prize for the best student of today is an HDD Caddy mounting set, so make sure to sign up! As usual there is also a goody for someone who posts about his matches on the forums – this week it's a Diablo 3 T-shirt from Blizzard!
As usual for a Sunday qualifier confirmations start at 13:30h, and the brackets will be generated at 14:00h. Double check if you are listed as ‘confirmed' after you've checked in, to make sure that you will actually be placed in the brackets at 14h. Brackets will be here.
There are some notable sign-ups for today as well: none other than PoYo and LiquidRet have signed up! Come and play – if you dare :D.
The social networking site Facebook is booming in Azerbaijan, where more than a million people now use the site. They include a new generation of opposition activists who are seen as a challenge by officials accustomed to controlling the media.
Some officials have proposed restricting use of the site, but experts say Facebook is almost impossible to regulate unless it is closed down altogether, and it may already be too deeply embedded in Azerbaijan to be removed.
Facebook's mobilising power was seen in January, when the first demonstration organised exclusively online took place. The protest followed the death of Jeyhun Gubadov, an 18-year-old conscript soldier who died just three months into his military service. His mother was officially told that he died of heart failure, but pictures of his body taken by family members showed clear signs of injury. The images spread online, together with pictures of other soldiers who died in non-combat situations, and videos of their grieving parents, causing widespread anger. (See Azeri Anger Roused by Soldier's Death.)
A Facebook page called “Stop Soldier Deaths” called for a protest on January 12, and within days more than 17,000 people had clicked to say they would attend. Although the actual protest was not that large – journalists estimated that 3,000 people came – Professor Katy Pearce of the University of Washington said that in a society like Azerbaijan's, clicking “attending” on a protest event was a significant step in itself.
“In today's social media world, where your ‘attendance' is visible to the public and the government, this sign of support is meaningful,” she said.
It was in any case a large protest by Azerbaijani standards. In spring 2012, the opposition Popular Front and Musavat parties called for protests on the eve of the Eurovision Song Contest. Although this was announced on Facebook, it did not gain much traction on social media sites, and was mainly coordinated through the opposition press. Around 1,000 people attended the first demonstration, with subsequent protests far smaller – some were attended by just a few dozen people.
When fines were imposed on 22 participants in the January 12 demonstration, social networking sites again showed their power with the “five qepik” campaign, in which sympathisers paid a tiny amount each towards the penalties, which ranged between 300 and 600 manats, or 380-765 US dollars.
Nermin Rehimli, one of the organisers of the campaign, the sum of 10,500 manats needed to cover all the fines was collected within five days.
“The amount of money raised in such a short period of time and the demonstration of support by a wide variety of Azerbaijanis was significant,” Pearce said. “More than 2,000 people donated during the campaign, the majority of them Facebook and Twitter users. The purpose of the campaign was to continue the solidarity demonstrated at the January 12 protest action over conscript deaths.”
In what looked like a response to the “five qepik” campaign, the government amended the civil offence code in early February to stipulate fines of 250 to 500 manats for anyone who donates money to political parties, civil society groups and international non-governmental organisations. The fines are higher for state employees, and there are separate penalties for organisations that accept the money.
The government used evidence gathered from Facebook to justify the arrest of three members of the new opposition youth group NIDA – Bakhtiyar Guliyev, Shahin Novruzlu and Mahammad Azizov – on charges of planning violent protests. Their arrests on March 7 came just three days before another Facebook-organised protest was due.
The national security ministry and the prosecutor's office issued a statement accusing the three suspects of using Facebook to call for violent action and discussing plans to use smoke grenades and petrol bombs. Nevertheless, protesters were undeterred and hundreds gathered in Fountain Square in central Baku on March 10 for another demonstration against conscript deaths.
Osman Gunduz, head of the Azerbaijan İnternet forum, a Baku-based NGO researching social media in Azerbaijan, the rising number of Facebook users has made it easier to mobilise more people for events of this kind.
According to the web statistics site socialbakers.com, Azerbaijan had 1,013,000 Facebook users in Azerbaijan in February, over 12 per cent of the entire population, but heavily concentrated in the capital. The total reflected an increase of 100,000-plus in the space of two weeks.
The popularity of Facebook gives anti-government activists access to the kind of audience that the opposition newspapers Azadliq and Yeni Musavat, with a circulation of just 10,000, could never reach. Internet forums, of which www.disput.az was the most important, preceded Facebook, but they too had limited reach.
“The increased number of users affects their activity,” Gunduz said. “Facebook becomes a catalyst. Communication gets much more effective. Facebook already has a significant role in shaping public opinion in Azerbaijan.”
The authorities seem alarmed at the emergence of Facebook as a tool for activism.
National Security Minister Eldar Mahmudov has said telecoms companies should help monitor social networking sites, as they are being used to recruit extremists. And Ramiz Mehdiyev, head of the presidential administration, has alleged that certain international organisations are paying and organising young people via social networking sites.
“The views of those who make provocative calls on Facebook about various events do not coincide with the views of the majority,” Mehdiyev told the state news agency Azertag. “Those calls on social networks are the emotions of young people supported and incited by the treacherous radical opposition.”
Immediately after the March 10 protest and the arrest of the three NIDA activists, Fazail Aghamali, a parliamentarian from the government-aligned Ana Vatan party, said officials should examine whether social networking sites were a threat to national security.
“I have observed serious aggression at the latest Facebook-organised protests about conscript deaths,” he told IWPR. “Facebook puts them onto the streets, but it cannot bring them back.”
Pearce said that to date, the Azerbaijani government did not seem to have a firm policy on how to deal with the challenges that Facebook might pose to it.
Noting that the government uses social media to promote itself as well, she said, “That alone is a good indication that Facebook will not be closed. Additionally, it is fairly difficult to restrict Facebook. It is, more or less, an all-or-nothing site.”
However, she added that as with the recent arrests of NIDA members, “information disclosed on Facebook or any internet site – regardless of privacy settings – can be used against people offline. Content monitoring and deep packet inspection [intense monitoring of web traffic] is not impossible.”
Gunduz said the government should wake up to the fact that Facebook was just a medium.
“Facebook is a circumstance, not a reason for action. If there is a problem, there must be groups and opinions that form around it and who take the issue to Facebook. The focus should be on solving the problems, not limiting Facebook,” he said.
Shahla Sultanova is a freelance journalist in Azerbaijan.
Unconditional basic income is not only feasible, but it also has more emancipatory potential than any other single policy because it targets economic vulnerability, the heart of all labour exploitation. Español
Last May, I argued in a piece for Al-Jazeera that the emerging global anti-slavery movement risks becoming no more than a fig leaf for structural political-economic injustice. I suggested that unless it faces that injustice head-on, it will waste a generational opportunity to make the world more just, focussing instead on making consumers and activists “feel better about feeling bad.”
It doesn't have to be this way. There is an alternative, and it starts with advocating for unconditional basic income as a genuine anti-slavery strategy. Only a universal basic income will truly eliminate the economic vulnerability that lies at the root of all labour exploitation.
Slavery and the market
Slavery, like trafficking and forced labour, is primarily a market phenomenon. Although often depicted as outside of market relations, the reality is that markets create both supplies of vulnerable workers and demand for their labour. When a worker finds herself in conditions of extreme exploitation, it is almost always the result of her economic vulnerability coinciding with an employer's demand for her labour.
This happens because, in market societies, the freedom to refuse any job is the flip-side of the freedom to starve unless you accept one. Unless you are independently wealthy, you have to work to survive. For the very poor, where margins are matters of life and death, the price of saying no to even an awful employer is often too high to pay.
This is why ‘market-friendly' policies will never be enough to abolish ‘modern-day slavery'. Market-friendly policies do not fundamentally alter the balance of power between the economically weak and the economically strong. They rely on either goodwill or police enforcement, persuading employers to ‘behave better', consumers to shop more ethically, and police forces to root out bad apples. But these policies do nothing about the economic compulsion that renders the poorest vulnerable to malevolent employers adept at evading the authorities.
Basic income
So what is to be done? The one single policy that has most emancipatory potential is the unconditional basic income (UBI). UBI has a long and respected pedigree. Thomas Paine advocated a version of it at the dawn of the American Revolution, and it has had modern supporters ranging from Bertrand Russell to John Rawls.
The idea is as simple as it is brilliant: give every citizen an amount of money sufficient to guarantee their survival without any strings attached. You receive it just by virtue of being a citizen. It will never make you rich, but it will always prevent you from going hungry, or from having to sell yourself into slavery-like labour for want of a better alternative.
When people are first pitched UBI, their gut reaction is to often ask, “is this feasible?” “Won't everybody just stop working?” These concerns are understandable, but they are also misplaced.
With regards to feasibility, there are two major points. The first is that economic viability of such a method of wealth redistribution has already been proved in principle by Great Britain itself. Indeed, the welfare state operates on the very same basis, taxing progressively to distribute wealth more evenly.
Second, UBI is likely to be far cheaper and more efficient than any other existing system of social protection. Currently, governments everywhere waste billions of dollars on policies that fail to reach the most vulnerable. In the West, expensive means-testing excludes many of those most in need, while governments subsidise poverty wages and give tax breaks to corporations. In the Global South, fuel and agricultural subsidies frequently fail to reach their intended targets as corrupt bureaucrats siphon money to buy political influence. Under these circumstances, the costs of distributing a basic income directly to people will be offset by reducing other, less efficient programmes and cutting out the dead weight of political middle-men.
Will people work if they receive a UBI? Of course they will. Very few are satisfied with simple subsistence; almost everyone wants to improve at least the lives of their children. No advocate of basic income wants it set high enough to discourage work. Rather, the goal is to give people the “real freedom” to say No! to bad jobs and Yes! to good ones. Remember that in the West, it is the punitive social security system which itself creates unemployment traps. If instead of tax-breaks or top-ups we gave people UBI, then nobody would ever face the choice of losing money by accepting work.
UBI has benefits beyond these practical fundamentals, and for the first time in history, we now have detailed empirical evidence from a developing country to show it. UNICEF has just completed a pilot project with the Self-Employed Women's Association in India to trial UBI among thousands of villagers in the state of Madhya Pradesh. The findings are electric.
First, they show an increase in economic activity, with new small-scale businesses springing up, more work being performed, and more equipment and livestock being purchased for the local economy. Second, those receiving UBI registered improvements in child nutrition, school attendance and performance, health and healthcare, sanitation and housing. Greater benefits were recorded for women than for men (as women's financial and social autonomy were increased), for the disabled than for others, and for the poorest vis-à-vis the wealthy.
But there is a third dimension that should really make the anti-slavery movement sit up and take note. This is the ‘emancipatory dimension'. The economic security provided by UBI not only increased the political participation of the poor, as it gave them the time and resources necessary to represent their interests against the powerful. It also freed them from the clutches of moneylenders. As the author of the UNICEF study puts it:
Money is a scarce commodity in Indian villages and this drives up the price. Moneylenders and landlords can easily put villagers into debt bondage and charge exorbitant rates of interest that families cannot hope to pay off.
Unless, of course, they benefit from UBI, in which case they have the liquidity necessary to maintain their freedom even in the case of economic shocks. If you doubt the transformative potential of this work, just watch this 12-minute video and I defy you not to be inspired.
Historical potential
The contemporary anti-slavery movement stands at the forefront of a critical historical juncture. In the context of global economic crisis, the old social models are breaking down but the new are not yet ready to be born. Into this vacuum we've seen the rise of serious labour exploitation, along with political and consumer activism in response.
At the vanguard of this response stand the modern abolitionists, and they do so with unrivalled discursive power. Nobody that has a place at the table is for slavery: everybody is against it. This is why abolitionists' call to end ‘modern-day slavery' within a generation goes entirely un-opposed. It garners allies ranging from the global business elite to the Pope himself. More than 50,000 people a week a sign up to Walk Free's Global Movement, and over the past several years we have witnessed a tidal-wave of pressure to crack down on extreme exploitation.
So what does all this mean? It means that today's abolitionists stand on the verge of a once-in-a-century opportunity. They can play it safe and advocate the market-friendly policies that will—at best—tidy up around the edges. Or they can go big, they can go revolutionary, and they can organise a global shift in the direction of social justice.
Let us be clear: UBI is not merely the most effective tool for abolishing modern-day slavery. It is a tool for radical social justice, for changing the economic game entirely, by emancipating all of us from economic vulnerability. If modern abolitionists have a historic mission, it is to complete the task of their predecessors: they must make freedom not just legal, but feasible.
Maclaren USA, the closely held stroller company that quietly declared bankruptcy in December two years after it was forced to recall defective strollers that amputated 20 children's fingers, is witholding information from the independent trustee appointed to investigate its case.
On Tuesday, trustee Roberta Napolitano filed two motions in a Connecticut bankruptcy court that, if approved by a judge, will force the stroller company and its accountants to hand over a long list of documents.
Thus far, Maclaren USA has provided only a single "storage pod" containing "various paper books and records arranged in no discernable order," according to Napolitano's motion. None of the records in the pod were dated later than 2009, though the bankruptcy that Napolitano is tasked with investigating occurred late in 2011.
Maclaren USA's accountants have not responded to Napolitano's requests for information thus far.
The motion "is an ordinary procedure when people aren't being cooperative with trustees," said Elizabeth Austin, Napolitano's counsel. "As she got no response, the only choice is to go to the court and make them provide the information that she's requested or explain why they don't have it."
This isn't the first time that Maclaren USA has evaded questions about its complex and unusual bankruptcy. For nearly two months, the company kept its bankruptcy under wraps until the court papers were uncovered by Greg Allen, author of the Daddy Types blog.
Bankruptcy lawyers for Maclaren USA, named in Napolitano's motions, did not respond to The Huffington Post's repeated requests for comment for this week. The accounting firm named in her motion, Puglisi, Moore & Co., also declined to comment.
Maclaren USA has also stayed mum about the fate of seven pending personal injury lawsuits against it, brought by families of children who had their fingers amputated or lacerated by company strollers before its recall of nearly 1 million strollers in late 2009. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is also investigating Maclaren USA, according to bankruptcy filings.
The type of bankruptcy that Maclaren USA declared, Chapter 7, calls for its total dissolution without the possibility for a restructuring. It also puts a halt to all pending lawsuits.
"There are a lot of red flags making us scratch our heads and say something's not right," Austin told The Huffington Post in March.
Jason Brookner, a bankruptcy attorney at the law firm of Andrews Kurth with no connection to the case, says that it's "very unusual" for a debtor to refuse to give a trustee information, as the trustee legally owns all the bankrupt company's business documents.
Maclaren USA's former design chief David Netto, who is owed $1.1 million by the company, argues that the company is withholding information because the bankruptcy is a fraud. The filing is a fraudulent attempt by a healthy company to assume bogus debt so as to write off its liability for amputation lawsuits and other expenses, according to Netto. "It's unethical," he said. "You can't be in the baby business and behave like this."
Yet while Maclaren USA is bankrupt, Maclaren strollers and products are still being distributed and sold around the world, including in the United States. Indeed, a single corporate site lists the countries where the company sells its products. The complex international organization has several regional distributors, all whose names are variants on Maclaren.
"Maclaren is one global company" that has "changed its distribution strategy over the past years moving from third party distributors," the company explained in a statement to the blog BabyGizmo in February.
The global company now distances itself from bankrupt Maclaren USA: "Maclaren USA was a third party distributor for Maclaren branded products in the US market" that "lost the rights to distribute Maclaren products, and the right to use the Maclaren name, in the Fall of 2010," that February statement noted.
And there's a new entity distributing Maclaren products in the United States: Maclaren North America. "Since 2010, Maclaren North America, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Maclaren Distribution Limited, has been distributing Maclaren products in the USA, Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico," the corporate site, Global.maclarenbaby.com, states.
But in Tuesday's motion, trustee Napolitano presented evidence linking the bankrupt Maclaren USA to a slew of other Maclaren entities, who are also creditors, via shared corporate executives.
Plus, Maclaren North America and Maclaren USA share an official mailing address in Norwalk, Conn., according to the Connecticut secretary of state's online listing of businesses.
If it turns out that Maclaren USA is controlled by companies to which it owes money, this could raise questions about the legitimacy of the debt and the bankruptcy. "It is necessary that the trustee investigate the relationship between the Debtor and its potential affiliates in order to determine whether she may pursue actions under Chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code," Napolitano wrote.
Researchers have discovered a new vaccine that could help heroin users kick their addiction to the powerful drug, which is considered one of the most difficult to quit due to the likelihood of succumbing to withdrawl symptoms and relapse.
Scientists at the Scripps Research Institute in California tested the vaccine on rats and found that it is possible to neutralize heroin's effect before the sensation reaches the brain. George Kobb, one of the vaccine's developers, told US News and World Report that the vaccine could make it impossible for a user to overdose on the drug.
“We haven't seen any rats relapse,” Kobb said. “We're guessing it would be unbelievably expensive for someone to try to overdose on heroin with this vaccine. It'd probably take a dealer's whole stash.”
The study provided a group of rats with “unlimited access to heroin” over a 28-day period, and then detoxified them over several weeks. That sample size was then divided into two groups, one of which was given the vaccine and the other was not.
Results from blood samples extracted from the rats revealed that the heroin administered to vaccinated rats dissipated in their bloodstream and had a much weaker effect.
The study was published Monday in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
“Basically we were able to stop them from going through that cycle of taking more and more heroin,” Joel Schlosburg, a Scripps postdoctoral research associate and an author of the study, told Discover magazine. “And that was with the vaccine alone; ideally for human patients the vaccine would be given with other treatments.”
The inoculation was also found to not block the effectiveness of methadone and buprenorphine, two standard heroin treatments already in use. The research team is seeking funding from the Food and Drug Administration to start human trials, which could begin by the end of this year.
One of the most addictive illegal drugs, heroin is such a difficult habit to shed because of how quickly it enters a user's brain. Ingestion of the drug is quickly followed by a warming of the skin, dry mouth, and heaviness in the abdomen and extremities.
The drug's high generally lasts between four and five hours, and someone attempting to quit will be met with certain difficulty. Studies of heroin addiction revealed that over half the number of users who tried to quit relapsed within three months and a majority relapsed with six months, according to Medicine Net.
The researchers hope this new vaccine will help addicts defeat the odds.
“The rats who were not vaccinated relapsed quickly, the vaccinated rats stopped taking it,” Kobb said. “In effect, what the vaccine does is prevent heroin from reaching the brain.”
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mercedes-Benz and BMW are probing unauthorized exports of luxury cars from the United States to China, which have recently surged and threaten profit in the world's largest auto market, senior executives said.
An employee holds a BMW logo on the production line of the BMW C evolution electric maxi-scooter at the BMW Berlin motorcycle plant February 23, 2015. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
So-called gray imports to China have jumped since the country allowed dealers registered in Shanghai's free trade zone to import cars without the consent of foreign carmakers, exacerbating price pressure for German manufacturers.
As a result, Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE), which owns premium auto brand Mercedes-Benz, said it intensified efforts to clamp down on exports of U.S. models to China about a year ago.
“We got concerned when it hit 4,000,” said Steve Cannon, head of Mercedes-Benz USA, referring to the number of vehicles being shipped to China from the United States.
Mercedes can penalize U.S. dealers who knowingly sell vehicles to so-called gray-market exporters, who operate through unauthorized channels.
As a first step it has encouraged dealers to vet buyers of exclusive models such as the GL large SUV, using online resources such as Zillow to check addresses of would-be buyers, and has discouraged cash payment for cars, Cannon said.
“We nipped it in the bud,” Cannon said, referring to the ability of unauthorized buyers to acquire vehicles in the United States for immediate export to China. “We took it down to almost nothing.”
China has had a gray market in auto sales for some time, centered around the northern port city of Tianjin, where about half of China's total car import deals are done. Together, Audi (VOWG_p.DE), BMW and Mercedes have about 70 to 80 percent market share in the premium segment.
A BMW 650i xDrive Convertible that sells from $97,900 in the United States can cost close to 2 million yuan ($320,179) in China.
Ian Robertson, BMW AG's (BMWG.DE) board member responsible for global sales, said the company is concerned about the effect of new Chinese laws that clear a legal path for parallel imports. The automaker is cooperating with U.S. law enforcement authorities investigating the source and flow of the money used to acquire such vehicles.
BMW does not have a precise figure for how many vehicles are being shipped to China from the United States through unofficial channels. “It's not a single entrepreneur,” Robertson said. “It's difficult to know.”
But BMW is seeing vehicles turn up in China with navigation systems and engines that are specified for the United States, not China. One concern, he said, is that U.S. engines are designed to run on different fuel than is commonly available in China, and the result could be that gray-market BMWs perform poorly.
After years of growth that turned China into the world's biggest car market, cooling demand is exacerbating tensions between global automakers and local car dealers.
Earlier this year, BMW said it will pay 5.1 billion yuan ($823 million) to its established China dealers who are suffering from slowing sales as the economy cools and competition from unauthorized dealers increases.
Year Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps Total1 1940 269,023 160,997 28,345 458,365 1945 8,266,373 3,319,586 469,925 12,055,884 1950 593,167 411,277 380,739 74,279 1,459,462 1955 1,109,296 959,946 660,695 205,170 2,935,107 1960 873,078 814,752 616,987 170,621 2,475,438 1965 969,066 824,662 669,985 190,213 2,653,926 1970 1,322,548 791,349 691,126 259,737 3,064,760 1975 784,333 612,751 535,085 195,951 2,128,120 1980 777,036 557,969 527,153 188,469 2,050,627 1985 780,787 601,515 570,705 198,025 2,151,032 1990 732,403 535,233 579,417 196,652 2,043,705 1991 710,821 510,432 570,262 194,040 1,985,555 1992 610,450 470,315 541,886 184,529 1,807,177 1993 572,423 444,351 509,950 178,379 1,705,103 1994 541,343 426,327 468,662 174,158 1,610,490 1995 508,559 400,409 434,617 174,639 1,518,224 1996 491,103 389,001 416,735 174,883 1,471,722 1997 491,707 377,385 395,564 173,906 1,438,562 1998 483,880 367,470 382,338 173,142 1,406,830 1999 479,426 360,590 373,046 172,641 1,385,703 2000 482,170 355,654 373,193 173,321 1,384,338 2001 480,801 353,571 377,810 172,934 1,385,116 2002 486,542 368,251 385,051 173,733 1,413,577 2003 490,174 376,402 379,742 177,030 1,423,348 2004 494,112 369,523 370,445 177,207 1,411,287 2005 488,944 351,666 358,700 178,704 1,378,014 2006 (June) 496,362 352,620 353,496 178,923 1,381,401 2007 (Aug.) 519,471 337,312 338,671 184,574 1,380,082 2011 (Sept.) 565,463 333,370 325,123 201,157 1,468,364
NOTE: Figures for 1998 through August 2007 include cadets/midshipmen.
1. Military personnel on extended or continuous active duty. Exclude reserves on active duty for training.
Source: Department of Defense.
Vada Dasturji Khurshed K Dastoor, High Priest of Iranshah Atash Behram, Udvada, ZTFE patron Lord Karan F Bilimoria CBE DL and ZTFE President Malcolm M Deboo led the the ZTFE delegation on board the Indian Navy Ship Tarkash, for the launch of the bicentenary commemorations of HMS Trincomalee and Make in India, on Tuesday 9th May 2017.
The host of the event were The Commanding Officer Captain Ritu Raj Sahu, Officers and Men of INS Tarkash, in collaboration with the National Museum of the Royal Navy & HMS Trincomalee Trust. The INS Tarkash was docked at Thames Quay, West India Dock, London, E14 9SG.
HMS Trincomalee is not only the oldest ship afloat in the Royal Navy, but it is the oldest warship ship afloat in the world. It was built by Jamsetji Bomanji Wadia, the great Parsi Zoroastrian Master Ship Builder of the legendary Wadia family at Bombay Dockyard for the British Admiralty in 1817.
Vada Dasturji Khurshed was requested to recite a short prayer:
• Invoking the fravashis of the Wadia Master Ship Builders; Lovji Nusserwanji, Maneckji Lovji, Bomanji Lovji, Framji Maneckji and Jamsetji Bomanji.
• Remembering, revering and praising the good heroic and the beneficent souls of the armed forces, rulers and righteous people who have served and sacrificed their lives defending our freedom in India and the United Kingdom from our adversaries.
In front of the First Sea Lord of the Royal Navy, the immediate former First Sea Lord, Officers in the RN, Army and RAF, the Defense Minister of the United Kingdom, the Commander and Officers of INS Tarkash, the Indian Naval Attache in London and the Indian High Commissioner, Vada Dasturji concluded with a benedictory prayer requesting Ahura Mazda to protect all those who sail on the INS Tarkash defending the boarders of India and conducting its international maritime duties and for the HMS Trincomalee to continue to be afloat for another 200 years.
Since India is a secular country, it is extremely rare for a prayer to be recited publicly on board a Indian Navy Ship, thus special permission had to be granted for Vada Dasturji to recite pray on INS Tarkash. Indeed a rare honour!
\
On behalf of ZTFE, Vada Dasturji Khurshed K Dastoor, Lord Karan F Bilimora, President Malcolm M Deboo, Vice President Behram R Kapadia and Trustee Rusi K Dalal, presented ZTFE Sesquicentennial Medallions to;
• Captain Ritu Raj Sahu, Commanding Officer, INS Tarkash.
• Admiral Sir Philip Jones KCB, ADC, First Sea Lord, Royal Navy.
• Admiral Sir Jonathon Band GCB, DL, Chairman National Museum of the Royal Navy and former First Sea Lord.
• Colonel Euan Houston OBE, Chairman HMS Trincomalee Trust.
• Commodore Sameer Saxena, Naval Adviser, High Commission of India
• His Excellency Yasvant K Sinha, High Commissioner of India.
To view the 73 photographs, taken by the Cobra Beer of the launch of the HMS Trincomalee bicentennial celebration onboard INS Tarkash, kindly download the Wetransfer file before 18th May 2017.
'Those pictures made me sick... they were so cruel': Mother of 'Scumbag Steve' reveals torment at internet hate campaign
The mother of 'scumbag Steve' spoke for the first time today about how the vicious online campaign against her son made her 'heart sick'.
Speaking to MailOnline, Susan Boston, 54, revealed how her family was left devastated after pictures of her 21-year-old son Blake were daubed with slogans before being beamed around the world by malicious pranksters.
Family members even turned on Mrs Boston in the mistaken belief she was 'encouraging' the internet campaign.
Viral: The original 'scumbag Steve' picture has been daubed with an ever increasing number of rude and offensive captions
Meme: The picture, taken in 2006, was copied from a social network site built by Blake's mother, Susan
'I was heartsick,' Mrs Boston said.
'Can you imagine how I felt when my son came to me - some of the first pictures and responses were so cruel.
'I cried at how he was being portrayed all over the world and that I was responsible for the picture. It made me physically sick.
'I felt like I couldn't protect my kids.'
Her son Blake was the victim of what is known as an internet 'meme'.
The word has come to symbolise an online phenomenon where ideas, jokes or social commentaries are spread via message boards and chat rooms.
Usually taking the form of an image or slogan, the meme is passed from person to person as users add their own variations and in turn forward these on.
In the case of Blake Boston however, an innocent picture - taken by Mrs Boston six years ago - was copied and distributed around the world with extremely offensive and distressing messages written on it.
Powerless: Susan Boston felt like she was 'losing control' of her son Blake's image
Level Head: According to his mother, Blake remained calm in the face of mounting abuse from anonymous posters
Mother of two Mrs Bostons said members of her family did not understand what was happening, and as the online campaign grew some began blaming her for 'encouraging' the maelstrom that was surrounding her son.
It was only after Mrs Blake consulted lawyers that they, 'finally came round'.
At times the abuse almost became too much, with threatening and abusive emails clogging Blake's inbox.
In one particularly nasty incident, an ultra scan image of Blake's pregnant partner Alyssa and her baby appeared online with a threat to kill the unborn child.
'My 85 and 87-year-old parents were baffled, my other sister said we were embarrassing our family name,' Mrs Boston added.
After writing letters to Google and other sites to try and remove the image, Mrs Boston said she felt like she was losing control of her family's identity.
'It was surreal,' she said, 'It felt like our family against this underground movement.
'And to think I thought I was so hip putting the pictures up in the first place.
'I had over 300 hundred images on my computer of all his friends and my daughter Patsy.
'Thank god no one saw the others, they were worse .'
Identity: Neither Blake Boston nor his mother Susan had any idea of the meme phenomenon until he became one
Mrs Boston described how when she first saw the pictures with messages that included references to incest and underage sex she was mortified.
But, praising her son's level headedness, she said Blake had encouraged her to take the whole incident with a pinch of salt.
'We were looking at the pictures and My daughter, Blake's girlfriend Alyssa and I were crying.
' Blake just burst out in hysterics. We looked at him like he was crazy.
'He said 'take me out of your mind when you read these.''
The infamous picture of a 16-year-old Blake wearing his brown fur collared coat began to circulate on January 19.
Bizarre: Pop legend Rick Astley unwittingly starred in his own internet meme when users were directed to a video of him singing
The image, taken in 2006, was copied from a MySpace website Mrs Boston had set up for her son as part of a photographic editing course she was taking.
The image was captured in the family home as Blake was headed out for the evening.
'I remember Blake was becoming slightly annoyed with my photo attempts,' Mrs Boston added, 'he was on his way out for the night and I called to him.
'He looked in my office, I snapped the picture and he was like 'mum give it a rest.''
Incredibly, at the start of this week the tide of abusive photographs began to turn.
After Blake gave an interview outlining his side of the story, the meme began to change, with positive captions replacing the abusive text.
Mrs Boston added her gratitude towards the online community reddit, who's members she says have even offered to throw a baby shower for his unborn child.
Blake Boston is just one of a number of victims of the 'meme' phenomenon.
Other bizarre but harmless examples include the craze of 'Rickrolling'.
An internet user would click on an innocent looking web link, only to find they were directed to a picture of 80's pop star Rick Astley singing his number one hit Never Gonna Give You Up.
According to Google, searches for 'scumbag Steve' started to gain popularity on January 19, peaking on February 2.
They have been in steady decline ever since.
Just two days after firing off an editorial in favor of "preserving" traditional marriage, the Baltimore Ravens' Matt Birk is reiterating his opposition to same-sex couples tying the knot in a new video for for the Minnesota Catholic Conference.
"They say if we stand up and talk about the national definition of marriage that we are somehow being mean -- or bullies," Birk, a six-time Pro Bowl selection who is the Ravens' current center, says in the clip. "Supporting the basic rights of children and the authentic rights of people with same-sex attraction are not mutually exclusive, and we must resist the forces that are telling us otherwise."
A Minnesota native, Birk continues, "If we allow genderless marriage to be made law, the implication is that the contributions of part of our community -- either men or women -- are somehow insignificant and less valuable."
Birk's stance quickly drew a response from Minnesota Vikings punter Chris Kluwe, who has since been in talks with Minnesotans for Equality, a Minnesota-based LGBT rights advocacy group urging voters to beat back the state's ballot initiative that could ban marriage for gays and lesbians in the state constitution this November.
Acknowledging Birk as "a smart, funny person," Kluwe notes, "If you want us to understand why same-sex marriage is bad for kids, you need to provide some sort of substantial evidence. Tell us that children from same-sex couples are more likely to grow up broke and miserable and alone and will end their days starving in a gutter."
Kluwe, who penned a controversial open letter to Maryland Delegate C. Emmett Burns after the lawmaker criticized fellow NFL star Brendon Ayanbadejo for speaking out in favor of same-sex marriage, also graces the cover of Out magazine's November issue -- shirtless, no less.
A woman pushes a child in a wheelbarrow along the Industrial Canal levee in the lower Ninth Ward of New Orleans. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
And what cities can do to promote equity and sustainability.
Hurricane Katrina was rushed into New Orleans by winds traveling 127 mph—a major Category 3 storm. The flooding it caused may well have been worsened by climate change's rising sea levels. But the disaster it left in its wake was not primarily “natural”—it was human-made. A legacy of racially biased land-use planning, ineffective flood protection, and poor evacuation strategies left low-lying, low-income neighborhoods of color disproportionately devastated. In the aftermath, New Orleans launched numerous efforts aimed at making the city more resilient to major storms. Among them was a special city commission's so-called ‘Green Dot' plan, which proposed replacing certain heavily damaged neighborhoods with water-absorbent parks and green space, while restoring others. Hydrologically, it made a limited amount of sense. But from an equity standpoint, it was a disaster: The neighborhoods slated for razing were overwhelmingly black. White neighborhoods that had also sustained serious storm damage had been spared. “All hell broke loose” in response to the plan, LaToya Cantrell, the president of a community association (and current city council member) in one of the black neighborhoods in question, told me last summer. To some neighbors, this was a racially charged land grab, disguised as an “adaptation” strategy. The plan was abandoned amid public outrage.
All cities—even those not vulnerable to hurricanes—can learn from New Orleans's story. Climate change is bringing rising sea levels, stronger storms, higher temperatures, prolonged drought and fire seasons, and new disease risks. Broadly speaking, the planet's poorest citizens will suffer the most. To prepare for a warmer future, local leaders are beginning to develop climate resiliency and adaptation plans. But, as they did in New Orleans, these plans can make vulnerable communities even worse off. When good intentions punish the poor “Adaptation planning is supposed to reduce risk to the whole population, and these plans are imagined to benefit the city at large,” says Kara Reeve, an urban-planning specialist at the nonprofit social-science research institution RTI International. “But many of these plans are actually exacerbating existing inequities in cities, either by affecting or displacing less privileged groups, or leaving them out of the planning process entirely.” Alongside a team of international researchers, Reeve co-authored a paper published recently in the Journal of Planning Education and Research that found numerous examples of “urban adaptation injustice” in developing and developed countries around the globe. To name a few: In Dhaka, poor communities are being displaced by landfilling, pumps, and embankments designed to protect higher-income residents from flood risks. In Medellin, a plan to contain urban sprawl while reducing landslide risk following heavy rainfall seeks to “relocate thousands of poor residents away from certain ‘non-recoverable areas,'” but without adequate affordable housing to accommodate the displaced. Adaptation planning efforts in Jakarta and Santiago have all but ignored the needs and input of poor communities, in spite of their residents already bearing the brunt of climate hazards. Back in the U.S., Boston has relied heavily on private property owners and business leaders to develop their own flood risk assessments and adaptation plans, a strategy that seems likely to worsen the imbalance of flood protection between higher- and lower-income communities.
Cities and states trying to shrink their carbon footprints can also wind up squeezing out their most vulnerable residents. In California, for example, state legislation strongly encourages regional planning authorities to work toward more compact, transit-oriented development. These plans can go a long way in reducing car emissions and promoting healthier communities overall. But alongside economic and cultural shifts pressing more people into urban cores, pro-density climate policies can also play a hand in driving up property values—which can displace existing residents and put those climate-friendly amenities out of reach. “You can't disentangle market, demographic, and planning forces,” says Manuel Pastor, the director of the Program for Environmental and Regional Equity at the University of Southern California. He points to San Francisco, a city long applauded for its aggressive and progressive environmental policies, as a prime example of this complicated tension. Righting past wrongs Why aren't adaptation planners taking equity concerns into account? To a great extent, it's a problem that plagues professional urban planning in general. “It tends not to involve folks who are usually on the losing end of an equity measure,” says Jacqueline Patterson, the director of the NAACP's Environmental and Climate Justice Program. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... Patterson has served on advisory committees for many national organizations supporting adaptation planning, and says that, time after time, she's seen well-meaning planners talk about equity, but rarely take the steps necessary to achieve it. One major pitfall can be when cities consider adaptation projects as ends in themselves, rather than a means to benefit a specific group of people. “For example, I might hear that the desired outcome is to have a stormwater-management system developed. When really the desired outcome should be something like, ‘This many people were flooded out of their homes in the last storm, and after we build this system, it'll be this many fewer in the next storm,'” says Patterson. Not every city's climate adaptation plan is failing poor communities of color. Patterson says that the city of Oakland did a stand-up job of including representatives from diverse communities as it planned its Energy and Climate Action Plan. That plan now includes a host of equity measures, such as setting up an investment fund to retrofit low-income housing with energy-efficient appliances, encouraging transit-oriented development that includes affordable units, and running “green” job-training programs for young adults. Also in California, Los Angeles's sustainability plan spreads its green initiatives with a notably balanced hand. Among other things, it calls for the adoption of “green zones” in poor neighborhoods hit hard by industrial pollution, incentivizing cleaner industries to set up shop there. Even the Big Easy is slowly getting better, with a 2015 “Resilient New Orleans” strategy that proposes a program that helps low- and middle-income residents set aside storm-emergency funds. Climate-adaptation planning can and should be an opportunity to create more, not less, equitable cities, says Reeve, the RTI researcher. Planners can do this by opening the process to outside groups, and paying close attention to the nuanced human impacts associated with the adaptation strategies they deploy—in other words, developing a better sense of the trade-offs. To help with this, in 2015 Patterson authored a checklist of demographic, environmental, and economic “indicators” that planners can look to as they approach adaptation with a more inclusive lens. The key, says Patterson, is looking at the broader socioeconomic context to understand what's making a community vulnerable in the first place—then working to fix that. “It's not just about how we stop people from buying homes in a flood plain,” she says. “But how do we have economic equity so that people don't need to make those kinds of choices because that's all they can afford?”
The Etan Patz Case The disappearance of a 6-year-old New York boy has mystified and frustrated police for decades. The trial of his alleged killer ended with a hung jury, a dozen people who spent 18 days unsuccessfully trying to reach unanimity.
Two years ago, a New York City man named Marcellus Johnson was convicted of robbery — in part as a result of incriminating telephone conversations that had been recorded while he was awaiting trial in a Rikers Island jail cell. Last April, New York's highest court affirmed the conviction, upholding the use of the recorded conversations.
However, the justices of the New York Court of Appeals left open a future challenge to the use of such recordings.
“Our resolution of the narrowly drawn issues presented on this appeal,” the justices wrote, “should not be interpreted as the Court's approval of these practices.”
These practices, the court made clear, involve the routine recording of inmate telephone conversations by corrections officials, and the nearly as routine practice of turning those recordings over to prosecutors.
Justice Eugene F. Pigott, in a concurring opinion, put the court's concerns plainly.
“The current arrangement between the Department of Corrections and the district attorney's office creates a serious potential for abuse,” Pigott wrote, adding, “Something needs to change.”
An effort to compel that change has now arisen in another New York case: the murder trial of Pedro Hernandez for the killing of Etan Patz, the 6-year-old boy who famously went missing in 1979, never to be found. In Hernandez's first trial — a single holdout juror prevented a conviction last year — prosecutors used a handful of recorded jail conversations as part of their case. Now, given the Court of Appeals decision, Hernandez's lawyers are moving to bar prosecutors from using the conversations in his re-trial, set to begin in Supreme Court in Manhattan next month.
The phone calls at issue were between Hernandez and his wife, made over the course of the four years Hernandez has been held at Rikers Island since his 2012 arrest. Prosecutors used them in an effort to undercut one of the central claims of Hernandez's defense: that he is mentally ill and susceptible to being manipulated. Hernandez, a former worker in a bodega near where Patz lived, initially confessed to killing the boy in the bodega basement and stashing his body in a box on a nearby street. But his lawyers have said the confession was coerced and that it amounts to the invented imaginings of a profoundly sick man who has been on psychiatric medication for years. Prosecutors argued that the phone conversations revealed Hernandez to be coherent, even calculating, and thus likely faking his mental illness.
Now Hernandez's lawyers have argued that while Hernandez may have been aware corrections officials were recording his calls to his wife, he had never consented to those recordings being given to prosecutors. They cite the April Court of Appeals decision in their filings.
“The facts at issue here,” the lawyers wrote in papers filed this summer, “shed light on the Department of Correction's unsettling practices — practices that have turned a body responsible for detaining individuals to assure their presence in court into an evidence gathering arm of the district attorney's office. As the Supreme Court has asserted, ‘Prison walls do not form a barrier separating prison inmates from the protections of the Constitution.'”
Prosecutors with the Manhattan District Attorney's office have urged the judge in the Patz case, Maxwell Wiley, to reject the defense motion to bar the recorded calls.
“In brief, the defendant has consistently and frequently used the telephone while incarcerated since his arrest in May of 2012,” they wrote. “Before any inmate makes a phone call, the inmate is warned no fewer than three times that his phone calls may be recorded and monitored. The inmate is also unequivocally told that his use of the phone constitutes consent to the recording of the call. The defendant's calls are also replete with explicit and implicit references to his knowledge that the calls are being recorded and they may be turned over to law enforcement agencies. Of course, once an inmate consents to the recording of the conversation, he no longer retains a reasonable expectation of privacy in the recordings.”
The dispute over the telephone recordings is just the latest bit of legal combat in a case that has stretched on for years and rekindled one of the darker moments in the city's history. Etan Patz was on his way to school alone for the first time in his young life when he vanished. A manhunt followed; a national debate over parental responsibility was provoked; suspects surfaced, only to be discounted. Patz's parents, convinced a convicted pedophile who had once dated Etan's babysitter was the likely killer, won a civil judgment against the man, Jose Ramos.
Doubts about Hernandez's guilt arose almost from the moment he confessed and was arrested. A former federal prosecutor who had spent years trying to convict Ramos, as well as the FBI agent who worked with him, both testified at Hernandez's first trial about what they believed to be convincing evidence that Ramos was the actual killer. But prosecutors very nearly won a conviction, and when the jury split 11–1 for conviction and a mistrial was declared, they vowed to try again. Patz's family, now assured Hernandez was their son's murderer, had the earlier judgment against Ramos vacated.
The Etan Patz Case The disappearance of a 6-year-old New York boy has mystified and frustrated police for decades. The trial of his alleged killer ended with a hung jury, a dozen people who spent 18 days unsuccessfully trying to reach unanimity. See our reporting.
It's unclear what the chances are that Hernandez's lawyers will prevail on the phone calls. But it seems clear that, in citing the concerns or uncertainty of the Court of Appeals, they are laying the grounds for a future appeal should Hernandez be convicted.
Justice Pigott, to be sure, laid out his concerns at length in his April opinion.
He and the other justices made clear they understood the need for corrections officials, in the interest of safety, to be able to record calls of the often violent people in their custody. And there seems no evidence that calls between inmates and their lawyers are being recorded and improperly used against defendants. It's the wholesale recording of calls and the pro forma providing of them to prosecutors that seemed to trouble Pigott, a Republican who is considered to be a conservative jurist.
“The department's purpose in recording and monitoring these conversations is limited to ensuring the safety and security of its facilities, not harvesting evidence for the prosecution,” he wrote. “Yet the people admit that, unknown to defendants, they routinely obtain and review such recordings before trial, in search of anything that can be used against them. The People justify this practice principally on the basis of consent: because the calls were recorded by the Department, and the detainee knew the department could record and or monitor the calls, he has no expectation of privacy in the conversations and is not entitled to shield them from the prosecution.”
Pigott then cites the language of a prior ruling, saying there is “a major distinction between prison authorities having access to prisoners' phone calls for purposes of prison security and discipline, and the prosecutors of that pretrial prisoner having the same access for purposes of gaining advance knowledge of the pretrial prisoner's trial strategy and potential witnesses.”
Prosecutors in the Patz trial suggest that is hardly the case with Hernandez's calls. They didn't involve witnesses or strategy. As well, they argue, his wife reminds Hernandez during one or more of the calls that he shouldn't say anything that could be damaging. They argue there is evidence Hernandez had been told by his own lawyers to watch what he said on the calls, for fear it could be used against him. In essence, that's consent, they argue.
Whether the Hernandez case is the one that ultimately tests the nature and extent of the concerns of the Court of Appeals, it seems inevitable some case will, given the apparent invitation.
Might the ills of Scottish football only be cured by a fundamental change in the way Uefa runs the club game? And should Alex Salmond get involved in the future direction of football?
More than a few prominent figures in Scottish football, on the back of a season of SPL upheaval, have cast their eyes again towards places like Moscow, Kiev, Prague, Bratislava and - not least - the headquarters of Uefa by the shore of Lac Leman at Nyon.
League change might have proved acrimonious in Scotland, but not so, if we are to believe some of the big power-players of football, elsewhere across Europe. Our big clubs might all want to keep an eye on this shifting scene.
The prospect of joint or "binational leagues" involving two consenting countries is building in momentum, especially in eastern Europe. The Russian and Ukraine leagues hope to be merged and up and running by 2014-15. The Czech and Slovak leagues have also made a joint proposal.
Serbia and Bosnia, some believe, will explore the concept, while the Scandinavian countries have already held talks and considered a prototype.
All of this, of course, will be dependent on Uefa and Fifa giving their assent to the idea of merged national leagues, a concept they have so far resisted. But Uefa president, Michel Platini, according to those who have met him, such as Miroslav Pelta, the president of the Czech FA, is said to be supportive of the idea.
"We [Czechs and Slovaks] want to merge, and we see it in terms of months away, not years," said Pelta, who claims to have discussed the idea positively with Platini and other Uefa officials.
This shifting tide of football opinion is pertinent to Scotland given the obvious problems our game is facing. The Russia/Ukraine and Czech/Slovak proposals have caught the eye of Celtic, Rangers and others because of one brute fact: in any binational league set-up Scotland's natural partner would be England.
Nor is it lost on those who are starting to agitate for wider borders for Scottish football, such as the Celtic CEO Peter Lawwell, that two Welsh clubs will next season play in the Barclays Premier League in England.
The Welsh FA remains totally autonomous and unaffected, and yet Cardiff City, newly promoted under Malky Mackay, are about to join Swansea City in the English top flight.
Everybody understands the historic quirks by which Welsh clubs have played in England. But the point remains that Cardiff and Swansea offer a stark reminder of the way national borders need not apply.
If Uefa does give its consent to merged leagues then, from a Scottish point of view, it won't just be Rangers and Celtic who could play in a British set-up.
Imagine a scenario whereby Aberdeen or Hibs or Hearts, in the current climate, were playing Nottingham Forest or Leeds United. For a club like Aberdeen, currently dormant with depressed sponsors and supporters, it could be a shot in the arm. Such a new lease of football life would seem exactly what that north-east city needs right now.
The current fate of Russian league football offers a hint of how all this might come about. Russia, like Scotland, is a prime example of a once-proud football nation which these days have little to boast about, save for empty stadiums and an unstable product.
Russian football officials could not fix this decline by themselves. They needed outside help. Enter Gazprom, one of the world's largest extractors of natural gas, whose CEO, Alexei Miller, also happens to love football.
Gazprom, based in Moscow, emerged from the last days of the old Soviet empire and today accounts for nearly 20% of the world's gas production. The company sponsors Zenit St Petersburg and Schalke 04 and, more tellingly in this context, is a principal sponsor of the Uefa Champions League.
Between them Gazprom and Miller are pushing for a merged Russia/Ukraine league. They have enlisted Valery Gazzaev, the veteran manager, and Sergei Pryadkin, currently head of the Russian Premier League, to put the plan together.
In part, there is nostalgia at work. "I would like to see all 16 Russian Premier League teams take part in this new league," says Pryadkin. "It would be like the rebirth of the old USSR championship."
Miller, whose Gazprom standing appears to have sway within Uefa, claims to see no obstacle in his path for the merged league. "We think it is realistic to start the [merged] championship from the autumn of 2014," he recently told R-Sport in Moscow.
Michel Platini, admittedly, appears to be in two minds over merged leagues. Three years ago he urged that the Dutch and Belgian leagues be merged, and also said he felt a unified Balkan league would work. More recently, despite the Czechs' claims that he supports them, Platini has sounded less sure, and has even dismissed the idea that an old Soviet-style club championship should be reborn.
There is an obvious cynicism towards all this. Why not just get everyone merging: the Austrians and the Hungarians, the Baltic countries, Kazakhstan and the Caucasus, etc? The whole of European football could become happily - or unhappily - wedded. It could get pretty complicated for Uefa.
Nonetheless, in Scotland, such a new football environment could be exciting: for fans, for the media, for sponsors. Down the line it might become a question of political pressure making it happen.
THE Crown Prosecution Service in the UK has decided that anyone who attacks Scientology can be prosecuted under religious hate laws.
According to this report, the move will – for the first time – provide the barmy Church of Scientology the same protection as other mainstream religions.
Critics of the cult, whose members include Tom Cruise and John Travolta, attacked the decision at the weekend, saying it would encourage Scientologists to push for official recognition in Britain.
Hollywood start Tom Cruise and John Travolta are two of the highest profile followers of scientology.It is thought that the CPS passed down the guidance after it received legal advice from the Treasury Counsel to regard the group as a religion alongside Christianity, Judaism and Islam.It means that any alleged offenders who “abuse” or “threaten” the Church can be charged under the Racial and Religious Hatred Act 2006.It is understood the decision was made this month after the Police Diversity Directorate asked the CPS to clarify its position on the organisation.It follows the arrest last summer of a 15-year-old boy for calling Scientology a “dangerous cult” during a demonstration outside the Church's Â£23million headquarters in London. The youth was never charged with any offence.Scientology, which was founded by the sci-fi author L Ron Hubbard in the fifties and teaches that humans are immortal spiritual beings known as Thetans, has long been accused of using dubious methods to recruit members.As far back as July 1968, it was described in Parliament by a Government Minister as an organisation that has “authoritarian principles and practices” that are a “potential menace to the personality and well-being of those so deluded as to become its followers”.That definition, of course, makes it perfectly logical that Scientology should be afforded the same protection as the Roman Catholic Church and Islam in particular.Ian Harris, founder of the Cult Information Centre, said:
A CPS spokesman said:
It is ultimately for the courts to decide how to interpret legislation.
Graeme Wilson, public affairs director for The Church of Scientology in the UK, said:
The Youth Empowered Action (YEA) summer camp aimed at social change is back this summer to provide attendees the opportunity to pursue community service, activism, and social justice in the cause of their choice. Founded in 2009 by long-time vegan activist Nora Kramer, YEA caters to young adults ages 12–17 and “bust(s) the myth of the apathetic teenager.” Beginning this year, a special session focused exclusively on animal-related issues will be offered in High Falls, NY, from August 9–16. Currently, campers from around the world are enrolled in YEA camps, which take place in California, Oregon, and New York. Camps feature an all-vegan menu filled with local, fair-trade, and organic food, and attendees learn about everything from art activism and fundraising to non-violent communication.
Want more of today's best plant-based news, recipes, and lifestyle?
Get our award-winning magazine! Subscribe
Landlords could evict tenants in five days if they suspect criminal activity under a Republican-backed plan to rewrite Wisconsin's landlord-tenant laws.
Backers of the plan said that if police don't investigate criminal behavior, it can leave landlords with few options. Attorney Tristan Pettit, who represents landlords in tenant disputes, said he supports the change.
"This is used for criminal activity," said Pettit. "The drug dealing. The beating somebody up. The threatening. The shooting off of guns. That is what we need this for, because right now, landlords cannot do anything about that."
Critics, like state Sen. Janet Bewley, D-Ashland, said the plan gives landlords too much power.
"You can now take some kind of legal action against a citizen that other people can't do and get that person evicted when they've not been convicted of a crime," Bewley said.
Tony Gibard, with Wisconsin Coalition Against Domestic Violence, said the proposal could end up hurting victims of crimes.
"I just want the committee to think about what that means in the life of a domestic violence victim who may have just been beaten, bloodied and brutalized and has five days to figure out what to do," Gibard said.
The bill would let tenants ask a judge to block their evictions.
MGM and the producer of the James Bond movies have finally acquired all of the rights to the 007 franchise. After a legal battle royale that has gone on more than 50 years, the studio and Danjaq today announced they now have all of the rights and interests to the British spy held by Kevin McClory and his estate. McClory worked with Bond creator Ian Fleming and writer Jack Whittingham on a script for Thunderball in the late 1950s. McClory would later claim he helped created a number of iconic elements of the Bond world and gave the character a more movie-friendly persona. No details of the agreement or a settlement have been released. However, I've learned that the agreement over the long-standing dispute was finalized between the parties in the last two weeks.
Related: It's Official: Sam Mendes To Direct Bond #24
The courtroom drama began in 1961 when McClory first sued Fleming. He obtained partial copyright to the Thunderball story in a 1963 settlement. The fourth Bond movie, Thunderball came out in 1965. In the decades that followed, McClory and Bond producers and MGM, which distributes the films, went head to head in court a number of times. Working with Warner Bros, McClory used his Thunderball rights to bring back Sean Connery to play Bond again in 1983's Never Say Never Again. Things really heated up in 1997 when Sony bought McClory's rights for $2 million with the intent of making a Bond franchise of its own. A quick lawsuit by MGM saw Sony give up that notion in 1999 but McClory, despite a number of legal setbacks, continued the case. When McClory passed away in 2006, his estate continued the fight, remaining a thorn in MGM and Danjaq's side over the years.
William K. Kane and Adam Skilken of the law firm of BakerHostetler's Chicago office represented the Estate of Kevin McClory.
Quote:
Originally Posted by
UltimateBrowserProject
UltimateBrowserProject is a to-be Open Source browser that aims to do the work unlike any other browser. Currently, it supports the following functions. (And Probably many more!)
Custom home:
Switch tabs:
Remember that if the soft keyboard is shown the tab switcher would not display, it's not a bug, but an intended design.
Load in Background:
Volume control:
Switch tabs.
Scroll webpages.
System default. (Works as default volume keys)
AdBlock Whitelist:
Screenshot:
Material Design:
Lightweight:
This Browser was created by having heavy usage in mind, along with the lightweight-ness. So, Maximum possible features have been implemented while keeping the application size as small as possible and as less RAM hungry as possible.
Application Screenshots
Note - The Default tab position is at the bottom, which can be changed to top in the application settings
Downloads
TODO
Add new features based on people's demands
Splat Bugs (Not Yet)
Add OTA updates (Although in app settings have Check for updates, OTA would be better)
More to come.
XDA:DevDB Information
UltimateBrowserProject, App for all devices (see above for details)
Contributors
Version Information
When you first log in to the browser, the about:blank page is shown. Use the overflow menu's Add to home to pin webpages.Use the overflow menu's Relayout to customize your homepage.Long press on a card on the homepage, and you can edit the title.You can set tab switcher position at top or bottom of the screen by changing the settings at Setting/Browser/Tab position.Press the address bar and drag it down or up, then the tab switcher will be displayed.Swipe up/down to dismiss a page.Set UltimateBrowserProject as your default browser.A Single tap will open links in background, and show a clickable notification in statusbar. Double tapping the link will show a dialog that allows you to open links in foreground.In Setting/Browser/Volume control you can set the volume keys behavior to:Since AdBlock maybe cause some websites to display error, you can add them to Setting/AdBlock/WhitelistUltimateBrowserProject can capture entire webpages!But Unfortunately, that doesn't mean you can screenshot a very long page, which may cause the browser to go Out Of Memory.UltimateBrowserProject is based on Google's Material Design standards! and is optimized for Android 5.1.One of the main purpose of this project is to keep the browserandRAM hungry.All the download files, from v.1.0 to latest v.1.2.2 have been made public.Testing1.2.22015-06-092015-06-092015-06-09
The resistance that Taksim Gezi Park protestors initiated spread across Turkey. Scores of people have gone out to the streets and support the Taksim Gezi Park protestors.
Police attacks and dententions have been reported from major cities including Ankara, İzmir, Eskişehir, İzmit and Bursa.
"Attacks resume in Eskişehir, injuries reported"
According to the sources from Radikal, sendika.org, kolektifler.net and bianet readers on-field reports, police fired tear gas and water cannons at protestors in Ankara, İzmir and Eskişehir, detaining several demonstrators.
Police violence left several people injured in Ankara. According to sendika.org, gas bombshells caused one demonstrator to lose sight in one eye and brain hemorrhage in another. It cited the number of detentions as 45. Despite 2 am local time, the number of people who join the protests are on the rise. Police violence is also on full swing.
Police attacked a group who were marching towards Cumhuriyet Avenue past midnight in Izmir. Several people have also taken the streets in Izmit and Bursa.
A protestor told bianet that police violence resumed towards protesting groups in Eskişehir and caused several injuries. Around 03:50 local time, 5,000 people reportedly assembled in downtown Eskişehir.
Protests spread across several cities
In Zonguldak, police detained a group of protestors from Öğrenci Kolektifi as they flashed a banner that said “Gezi Park is resisting, hail to Taksim” during commencement ceremonies.
In Adana, police attacked on a group from Socialist Re-Foundation Party who were marching towards AKP headquarters. 13 individuals including a sendika.org reporters have been assaulted and detained.
Other cities that protests were reported included Hopa, Bolu, Hatay, Konya and İzmit. (BK/BM)
* Follow bianet news in English on facebook and Twitter
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DES MOINES, Iowa - One person is dead and three others were injured following a shooting outside of a nightclub early Sunday morning.
Shortly before 1:45 a.m., deputies from the Polk County Sheriff's Department responded to Evolution Nightclub, located at 4397 NW 6th Drive, on a report of a fight outside the club. When deputies arrived, they heard gunshots coming from an area around the club and located a man suffering from a gunshot wound. The victim, Dashwan Smith, 20, of Des Moines, was taken to an area hospital where he later died.
While investigating the shooting, the Polk County Sheriff's Office learned that three other gunshot wound victims had shown up at local hospitals. Their names and conditions are not being released.
An investigation into the shooting is ongoing. Anyone with information is asked to contact Polk County Crime Stoppers at 515-223-1400.
Sunday morning's homicide is the third in the Des Moines-metro area in a little more than 24 hours.
At 10:30 p.m. Friday, Des Moines Police responded to a report of a shooting at the intersection of 13th Street and Jefferson Avenue. When police arrived, they found the body of Jose Lopez, 28, of Des Moines. On Saturday night, police announced a 17-year-old has been arrested in the case. Josue Socop, of Des Moines, has been charged with first-degree murder.
Early Saturday morning, Waukee Police responded to the 500 block of Southeast Carefree Lane at about 1:30 a.m.. Police found Gino Risola, 41, suffering from multiple gunshot wounds. Risola was taken to an area hospital where he later died from his injuries. Brendan McGuinness, 42, was arrested Saturday afternoon in connection with the case. He's been charged with first-degree murder.
The Washington Post Uses Biased Experts to Promote Propaganda on Venezuela
By Murtaza Hussain
CLOSE When kids aren't into their vegetables, is it really their fault? Buzz60
Researchers found an association between indulgent descriptions and vegetable consumption. (Photo11: fatihhoca, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
People are more likely to eat vegetables when they have seductive, even seemingly unhealthy names, a team of Stanford University researchers found.
A study, published as a research letter Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine, observed habits of nearly 28 thousand diners passing through one of Stanford's campus cafeterias for 46 days. Scholars worked with food service staff to present different labels on vegetables to see if names could influence diners' decisions.
For example, green beans were listed as “green beans” (basic), “light ‘n' low-carb green beans and shallots” (healthy-restrictive), “healthy energy-boosting green beans and shallots” (healthy-positive) and “sweet sizzlin' green beans and crispy shallots” (indulgent).
All of the vegetables were prepared the same way, but diners chose more when they were listed with indulgent descriptions. Indulgent labels increased their popularity 25% more than basic labels, 41% more than healthy-restrictive and 35% more than healthy-positive. People went for “twisted citrus-glazed carrots” and “sizzlin' beans” over those labeled as the “smart-choice” or “sugar-free.”
Related
“We have this intuition to describe healthy foods in terms of their health attributes, but this study suggests that emphasizing health can actually discourage diners from choosing healthy options,” Bradley Turnwald, lead author of the study, said in a release.
Researchers said more seductive labeling could change the mindset that healthy food tastes bad.
Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2so3ymf
The new report on the tax and spending impact of migration to the UK by Dustmann and Frattini probably settles one part of the immigration controversy. But the biggest questions remain open.
They have shown that the new migrants from Eastern Europe, the ones that are seen as largely responsible for the rise and rise of UKIP and the shaking up of the party-political status quo, have been net contributors to the public purse - after allowing for taxes, tax credits, benefits and use of public services (and see my earlier note on this).
In a way that is not surprising. We have all seen - or certainly if we live in London and other major cities we have - how thousands and thousands of young Eastern Europeans, often with university degrees, have come here to work hard.
They are at that stage of their working lives, like indigenous young people, who are bound to contribute more to the state than they take out.
So what Dustmann and Frattini have exploded is the idea that the majority of them are benefit and public-service tourists, people who come to Britain to leach off the Exchequer, and our hospitals and schools.
Some may be. Most are not.
But as Migration Watch points out, Dustmann and Frattini have also shown that, over the longer term, immigrants to the UK have been a burden on the state.
They estimate that between 1995 and 2011, all immigrants to the UK - from outside the European Union and inside - were a net drain on public resources of between £114bn and £31bn, depending on whether a proportionate share of all public spending is allocated to them, or only a share of the public services whose costs increase as the population rises.
Strikingly Dustmann and Frattini show that all the net costs are generated by emigres from outside the European Union.
Again that is not surprising. The longer that immigrants stay in Britain, the more British they become, as it were. And the painful fiscal fact is that so-called native British people were a burden on the state over the same assessed period of between £591bn and £674bn.
There is an important lifecycle point here.
As most of us move from our 20s and into our 30s and become older still, for a period most of us become more productive, increasing our net contributions to the Exchequer.
But as we have children, we take more out from schools and the health service - until we retire or become infirm, at which point it is very hard for us not to be a net burden on the state.
So there are two big questions about the recent immigrants from Eastern Europe - one empirical or factual, the other cultural and social.
The empirical question is whether the Eastern European emigres will stay here or return home at the point they become a burden.
Is there anyone out there, apart from wannabe Merlins, who can answer that?
But of course there is a much bigger question, which is to do with all our happiness and what's often called social cohesion. Is a rapidly changing population mix and a population that is growing something we like and relish, or something we find unsettling or worse?
And the great thing about our democracy is that we will have an opportunity to vote on that, and other stuff presumably, in just a few short months.
There is another thing.
A truism of standard economics is that a growing population is good for economic growth.
But a growing population can also be associated - and seems to have been in the US and to an extent the UK in recent years - with a widening in the gap between rich and poor: the rich frequently reap most of the benefits of cheap migrant labour, while those on lowest wages in the indigenous population have their pay squeezed.
So it is important to recognise that although migration will be good for the prosperity of many, perhaps the majority, it can never be good for the prosperity of all.
The opening of Christopher Nolan's “Interstellar” is still almost three weeks away, but tickets for the space adventure are going fast.
Like all of Nolan's projects, “Interstellar” remains cloaked in secrecy. Its plot is a mystery besides a few clues that it will center on an ecological cataclysm on earth and wormholes. It's not a sequel, it's not based on a young adult bestseller or a toy. Instead, it's a wholly original concept.
After the success of “The Dark Knight” films and “Inception,” Nolan has become a brand in and of himself and “Interstellar” is performing as well as popular franchise pictures.
The picture is looking at a debut of more than $50 million based on early tracking and that number could rise as reviews roll in, television commercials become ubiquitous and word-of-mouth increases. An opening in the range of “Gravity's” $55.8 million seems achievable, even though Disney's animated “Big Hero 6” opens the same weekend and is also generating excitement with potential ticket-buyers.
Fandango reports that pre-sales for the picture are outpacing “Inception” at a similar point in its sales cycle and last summer's sci-fi hit “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes,” which debuted to $62.8 million and $72.6 million, respectively. It has been one of the online ticketer's top performers since going on sale on Oct. 1, and often appears among the top five most popular movies. MovieTickets.com says it has seen similar results.
Related Timothee Chalamet, Emma Stone on Being Rejected by Tim Burton Christopher Nolan's Next Movie Gets July 2020 Release Date
“I fully expect to be sold out through the weekend,” said Tom Stephenson, CEO of Look Cinemas, which reports that Tuesday and Wednesday night showings are already booked. “I'm a big Chris Nolan fan, so I expected the response would be great, but to have sell outs this early is incredible.”
The film stars Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain and is being distributed stateside by Paramount with Warner Bros. handling the foreign rollout. Nolan brought the film in on time and $10 million under its $175 million budget, according to an individual with knowledge of the production.
“Interstellar” is also unusual in that it is being presented in a wide variety of formats. Nolan shot the film on film, which he believes provides more visually dynamic, lustrous images than digital cameras. It will be projected digitally, but also in 35mm and 70mm film formats and in Imax 70 mm.
Tickets to shows in those formats have been a particularly hot commodity and early Imax and 70 mm screenings of the film are starting to sell out in many major theaters. The TCL Chinese Theatre, which boasts the world's largest Imax screen complete with a 900-seat auditorium, moved thousands of tickets within two hours of making them available. “Interstellar” holds the theater's record as its biggest pre-seller ever.
“You want to see it right,” said Alwyn Hight Kushner, president and COO of the TCL Chinese Theatre. “This is a big event movie. You can't watch it on a TV screen. It's not a Netflix movie. It's a real film that you need to see in cinemas.”
Some Imax theaters have added 3 and 3:30 a.m. screenings following Tuesday midnight shows, as well at 8 a.m. showtimes on Wednesday to keep up with the demand.
Showing “Interstellar” in 70 mm has required a financial commitment on the part of theater owners. Brian Schultz, CEO of Studio Movie Grill, is paying $35,000 a screen for the projectors. However, Nolan has gone out of his way to express his gratitude to exhibitors who made the investment, even calling Schultz personally to thank him.
“We thought it was prank,” said Schultz. “He was really appreciative that we put in the effort to restore units and support his vision. … But if Christopher Nolan wants to show a movie in film, we're going to show it that way.”
Schultz's decision to screen “Interstellar” in 70 mm has commercial benefits as he reports that he's nearly sold out through the first weekend, but there are also drawbacks to success.
“We're down to literally front rows for the entire first week,” he said. “My daughter was excited about ‘Interstellar' and wanted to have a party, but we waited too long. They were up for one day and we weren't able to get enough tickets.”
Like a lot of moviegoers, Schultz's daughter will have to wait a week to see what the fuss is about.
Microsoft unveils Windows Phone 7 devices
LG's Quantum will be one of the first Windows Phone 7 devices.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Microsoft on Monday unveiled its plan to battle the iPhone, Android and BlackBerry smartphones with its new Windows Phone 7 mobile operating system.
At a press event in New York, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said that Windows Phone 7 smartphones would be available in the United States on AT&T's (T, Fortune 500) network.
"When Microsoft first showed us Windows Phone 7, we knew it was going to be a winner," AT&T CEO Mobility and Consumer Markets Ralph de la Vega said at the event. "It was different than anything we've seen."
Microsoft (MSFT, Fortune 500) also announced partnerships with Samsung, LG and HTC, which will make devices to run the new smartphone software.
Samsung's phone, called the Focus, will be available on November 8, and the Surround from HTC and Quantum from LG would be in stores in time for the holidays, Microsoft said. All three phones will cost $199.99.
The Windows Phone 7 lineup will eventually include nine phone models available in 30 countries, Ballmer said.
"It's a different kind of phone," he said. "It gets you in, gets you out, and back to life as fast as humanly possible."
Instead of the typical smartphone user interface -- a series of small icons to launch applications -- Windows Phone 7 uses large, dynamic tiles that Microsoft hopes will be both intuitive to use and easy to navigate.
Social networking is baked in, with a "people hub" that tracks updates across a user's contact list. A camera button wakes the phone into shooting mode quickly, so that it is able to almost instantly begin snapping photos. Games are a focus: Xbox Live players can take their accounts on the go, and Electronic Arts is a launch partner, bringing the Sims game to the phones.
Windows Phone 7 integrates deeply with other Microsoft products. Notes taken on phone with OneNote automatically sync to the cloud with Office Live. Along with top-notch support for Microsoft Outlook and Exchange -- which should make corporate IT departments very happy -- the phones offer a spell check that automatically underlines misspelled words with the red squiggly line familiar to Word users.
But one feature was noticeably missing at launch: copy/paste. Microsoft didn't put that in the original code because it didn't think it would be needed, thanks to auto-links between applications, a company executive said. But developers demanded it, and Microsoft plans to add it in an update in early 2011.
Battling rivals: Microsoft has struggled to sell smartphones since Apple's (AAPL, Fortune 500) iPhone and Google's (GOOG, Fortune 500) Android came storming onto the scene in the past few years. Windows Mobile commands less than 11% of the U.S. smartphone market, down from nearly 20% at the same time last year, according to comScore.
Over the past several years, many consumers thought that Windows Mobile began to feel outdated, both in the software itself and the phones that ran it, compared to its suddenly more successful rivals.
As a result, Microsoft opted to scrap its mobile operating system entirely, giving it a new name, a unique look and some compelling features that differentiate it from the competition.
The phone is also important for AT&T, which in all likelihood will be ending its exclusivity agreement with Apple for the iPhone in January.
AT&T is looking to bolster its lineup by the end of the year, and is very committed to throwing a tremendous amount of marketing muscle behind the Windows phones, according to Lloyd Walmsley, senior analyst at Primary Global Research. That should be good news for Microsoft, especially as consumers start to plan holiday gift purchases.
But Microsoft has a lot of ground to make up against its rivals. Research in Motion's (RIMM) BlackBerry now has more than triple the market share of Microsoft, and the iPhone and Android are both twice as big.
"Microsoft is way behind, and knocking Android and the iPhone out of the top spots will be almost impossible," Walmsley said. "I think it's even going to struggle to be a No. 3, but you can never count them out."
To succeed, Microsoft will have to convince potential customers that its unique offerings are compelling enough to pass up an iPhone, an Android phone or even a BlackBerry.
Nuns worship during a Mass at Saint Patrick's Cathedral in February in New York City. Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images
New pope, same story—at least when it comes to America's nuns.
Pope Francis announced Monday morning that he will stick to his predecessor's hard-line approach to reforming an umbrella group representing about 80 percent of U.S. nuns, an organization that Benedict XVI believed was promoting “radical feminist themes incompatible with the Catholic faith.”
Given Francis' Jesuit background, some had speculated that he might take a softer approach to dealing with the more liberal wings of the church. But the new pope, like his predecessor, leans theologically conservative, so his commitment to Benedict's hard line shouldn't come as a shock. In the case of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious (LCWR), that means the continuation of a five-year plan that Benedict set into motion last year aimed at pushing the group back in line with the Vatican's positions on social issues like homosexuality, abortion, euthanasia, and women in the priesthood.
Leaders of the nun's group were informed of Francis' decision at a morning meeting with church officials, according to the Vatican. As part of the ongoing plan, the Vatican has given Archbishop of Seattle Peter Sartain the authority to take the steps he sees as necessary to ensure the group better toes the party line as laid out by the Vatican and echoed by the American contingent of Catholic bishops. Those steps including requiring the nuns to get approval from the archbishop for every speaker they invite to a public event, replace their handbook, and revise their statutes, along with generally ensuring that they don't publicly “disagree with or challenge positions taken by” American bishops or the Vatican.
The women's group, which was formed in 1956 at the Vatican's request, represents roughly 4 in 5 American nuns. The organization speaks out on policy issues, especially those pertaining to social justice and provides leadership training to the approximately 57,000 nuns it represents. The original religious disagreement between the Vatican and the LCWR focused largely on the end-of-life and abortion debates in the U.S., especially in the context of President Obama's health care reform law.
At the time the initial reforms were announced, the nuns were strongly opposed to the Vatican's intervention. Today, however, they took a softer tone (at least publicly), describing this morning's meeting as “open and frank” and adding: “We pray that these conversations may bear fruit for the good of the Church.”
The Americans. (Photo: FX)
Season two of The Americans premiered Wednesday night on FX. Maybe you knew this: The Americans was the most-watched first season in FX history, tied with Justified. A few critics, chiefly Andy Greenwald at Grantland, who had it as his second-favorite show of the year, champion The Americans aggressively. And, at least in Los Angeles, it's hard to drive a mile through the city, or turn on any Fox-affiliated station, without seeing some of the show's Soviet-tinged, '80s-paranoid advertising, which perfectly conveys its alchemical mix of will-they-or-will-they-kill-each-other romance and constant, suffocating menace.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Then again: Maybe you didn't know that The Americans was debuting on Wednesday. Maybe you've never seen an episode of the show. Maybe you didn't realize that Keri Russell, Noah Emmerich, and Margot Martindale are in it. Or, like me before I watched, maybe you think it's some sort of weird kitschy sci-fi alt-history thing and not an obsessively plotted throwback. The Emmys seemed to have this reaction: The show only received one major nomination—it also got nom'd for “theme music”—and that went to Martindale for her performance as a diabolically matriarchal handler.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
It doesn't have the common mark of FX's dramas, which is men taking on the burden of being men. On the contrary, it features one of the most interesting female protagonists on television—and it's not a comedy.
My go-to elevator pitch when I try to get people to watch The Americans—which I think is, if not the best show on TV, then firmly in the top five—is that it's what Homeland would be if Homeland were good. I know that's mean. But what I'm trying to get at is that The Americans delivers on the promise of Homeland, which is an unconventional and dynamic heroine, international intrigue, a story filled with unknowns and tension, and some brilliant set pieces. Homeland doesn't convert this potential into quality television. The Americans does. Yet Homeland's first season wasn't just nominated for an Emmy; it won. And more colloquially, it feels like Homeland had a buzz, particularly in the realm of online recaps, dedicated TV obsessives, and magazine thinkpieces, which The Americans has never come close to having.
This might all be in my head—but why isn't The Americans more popular? I don't mean in terms of viewership or ubiquity; the show's 2014 premiere averaged 1.9 million viewers, which isn't terribly far behind the viewership of Homeland's season three finale. I mean: Why isn't it viewed as a zeitgeist-defining show in the same breath as, say, Game of Thrones and Downton Abbey and House of Cards, all still in relative youth and all, it seems to safe to say, with a firmer grip on the American consciousness? Why isn't it an Emmy nominee or Golden Globe nominee? Why isn't President Obama asking for preview screeners?
THE AMERICANS IS ON FX. This isn't a limitation in and of itself: Plenty of FX shows, especially Louie and American Horror Story, which, you could argue, paved the way for True Detective, current bearer of the TV crown in terms of sheer buzz, have been major objects of public fixation. Others, including Justified, It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia, and The League, have carved out dedicated followings that probably rival the trendier shows like Mad Men and GoT in terms of size and box-sets-owned. FX's major programming has been a mix of comedies like Louie or Always Sunny or Archer, auteurish undertakings that exist in their own unique language, or soap-operas-for-men like Sons of Anarchy and (the very good) Justified, which both can trace a significant amount of their DNA back to The Shield and Rescue Me, FX's two original hits. (Not going to pretend like I have any understanding of Nip/Tuck's legacy.)
The Americans, on the other hand, falls into neither of these camps: It's less melodramatic, than Sons of Anarchy, far more elaborate than Justified; unlike nearly every show on the channel, it's rarely hysterical, even when the action reaches a fever pitch. It doesn't have the common mark of FX's dramas, which is men taking on the burden of being men. On the contrary, it features one of the most interesting female protagonists on television—and it's not a comedy.
In tenor and style, The Americans is much closer to the thoughtfulness and human drama of Mad Men or The Sopranos, except infused with a shot of espionage camp. The Americans is about spying, like Mad Men is about advertising and The Sopranos is about the mob: it is, and just as often, it isn't. It's a quieter show, despite the wigs and the suggestions of camp, than everything else on FX, which favors pomp and grandiosity, to varying degrees of effectiveness. The Americans has more to do, like the shows on HBO and Showtime and AMC (occasionally), with what's happening away from the lens of the camera, or just out of its sight.
Unlike these other prestige-type shows, The Americans has not been a candidate for binge watching. And as a show on the lighter-regarded FX that airs as far from the hallowed grounds of Sunday night as calendar-possible—Wednesday night, son—it might benefit from this more than most. I watched it after purchasing the first season on iTunes—it wallpapered the four cross-country flights I made in the process of moving from New York to L.A.—and so many people who I urged to check it out responded by saying that they'd wait until it hit Netflix. And they're still waiting. The Americans recently appeared on Amazon Prime, but in our current cultural climate, a presence on Netflix or HBO Go can be the catalyst that helps a show—especially if, unlike Homeland, it came out of the gate a little behind—reach a new level. Breaking Bad being the prime example.
Sometimes, though, the market is just sated. Homeland got its hooks in deep; even after the show descended into nonsense, and the folks who liked it began to sour, they stuck in, because we feel like these things are an investment of our time and, after a while, the sunk cost becomes an albatross we aren't keen to think about.
The Americans became the other spy show, much like Damages, another underappreciated, seemingly out-of-place FX critic's darling, became another show about lawyers. But The Americans shouldn't be the other spy show: It's the better spy show.
As state universities try to fill in gaps left by shrinking government support, Ohio State University is taking steps to open a new financial frontier with its parking lots. University officials say that a private bidder has offered $483 million in a lump sum for a lease to operate university parking facilities for 50 years.
The deal, still tentative, appears to be the first of its kind at a large university, according to higher education groups, though Indiana University confirmed on Monday that it is in the early stages of exploring a long-term lease of its parking facilities.
The City of Chicago made a similar deal in 2009, granting a 75-year lease of its parking meters to a private company.
The Ohio State deal is one of several that the university is pursuing in a drive to build its financial reserves. The university recently sold 100-year bonds, a first for a public university, raising $500 million; it made a $25 million exclusive deal with a local bank for campus A.T.M.'s and other services and is looking into privatizing its airport.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Joseph A. Alutto, the provost, noted that state aid now accounted for only 7 percent of the university's $5 billion annual budget, and that the federal government's budget troubles could lead to even deeper cuts.
UN human rights experts called [press release] Monday for a review of the UK's draft Investigatory Powers bill [text, PDF]. They fear that the present draft of the bill could threaten freedom of expression and association. The bill is intended to govern how UK authorities monitor suspects under surveillance. In a report [text, PDF] to the Joint Committee on the draft Investigatory Powers Bill, the group cited broad definitions and disproportionate procedures to authorize surveillance as causes for concern. The experts claim [UN News Centre report] “the lack of transparency could prevent individuals from ever knowing they are subject to such surveillance” which will “stifle fundamental freedoms.”
Surveillance and data collection have been a worldwide topic of discussion, particularly after Edward Snowden leaked top-secret [JURIST report] US National Security Agency (NSA) documents in 2013. In December China passed a new anti-terrorism law [JURIST report] that requires technology companies to provide information to the government obtained from their products and make information systems “secure and controllable.” In October the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied [JURIST report] a motion by the American Civil Liberties Union to halt the bulk collection of phone records by the NSA. The court ruled that Congress intended for the agency to continue its data collection over the transition period, and the new legislation was to take effect November 29. In June the French Parliament adopted [JURIST report] a new surveillance bill that would give French intelligence serves the authority to monitor Internet use metadata. In February the UK Investigatory Powers Tribunal (IPT) ruled [JURIST report] that the UK's mass surveillance of citizens' Internet use violates human rights law. In July 2014 civil liberties groups sued [JURIST report] the UK's Secret Intelligence Service known as MI6, alleging that the agency accesses data from undersea cables in violation of the rights to private life and freedom of expression.
Two suspects in the Monday theft of an expensive dinosaur model from the N.C. Museum of Natural Sciences voluntarily turned themselves on Thursday morning, officials say. The stolen property has been recovered.
Logan Todd Ritchey, 21, of Raleigh, and Alyssa Ann Lavacca, 21, of Holly Springs are charged with two counts of theft or destruction of property of public libraries, museums, etc.
Authorities say that Wednesday evening after business hours, someone deposited a bag near the rear service entrance of the Museum of Natural Sciences. The person left the scene before officers arrived, but the bag contained the dinosaur replica that had been stolen from the facility on Monday.
This morning, the two suspects voluntarily went to the State Capitol Police Department and turned themselves in. Each was cooperative with the investigation.
“I doubt these two individuals realized the seriousness of tampering with artifacts and exhibits in a public museum,” State Capitol Police Chief Glen Allen said.
Original story 7/16/14:
A man and a woman were caught on videotape Monday July 14 taking a miniature baby dinosaur replica, worth about $10,000, from a display at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences.
Watch the heist here:
The museum describes how the theft took place this way:
The young couple passed through the Prehistoric North Carolina exhibit while other visitors were in the area. They returned three minutes later, and the male jumped the exhibit barrier, picked up the dinosaur casting, climbed out and put it in a large multi-colored purse carried by the female accomplice.
The male is believed to be in his 20s, has light brown hair and is about 5 feet 7 inches tall. He was wearing a dark gray t-shirt, white shorts with gray or green horizontal-stripes and black and white sneakers.
The female, believed to be in her 20s, has brown hair, is about 5 feet 6 inches tall, and was wearing a pink shirt, blue shorts and ankle-high boots.
The stolen dinosaur is a model of an Edmontosaurus (duck-billed) hatchling. The theft is a felony offense.
Do you have information on the suspects? Call the State Capitol Police at (919) 733-3333.
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump. Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images
Signing up to carry out Donald Trump's vision of America has come at a cost to many of the president's closest allies.
Some have found it a constant struggle to balance their reputations and their newfound access to power.
Perhaps no one knows this better than Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
Kushner, 36, has been described as the most powerful aide to the president of the United States. He and his wife, Trump's oldest daughter, Ivanka, moved to Washington, DC, from New York so Kushner could take an unpaid role as one of Trump's senior advisers. On Monday, Trump appointed Kushner as the head of the new White House Office of American Innovation, whose aim is to overhaul government operations using ideas from the business world.
But so far, Kushner has found himself caught between two worlds, both inside the White House and out.
Within its walls, he is considered a mediator between warring factions— the "Republican populists" like chief strategist Steve Bannon, and the "Democrats," the more left-leaning members of Trump's inner circle. Kushner is considered one of the Democrats.
But outside, liberals who knew Kushner before his administration role have grown concerned. They are no longer sure where he stands — for Trump's America or theirs — and the uncertainty has fractured relationships.
Business Insider spoke with numerous people who knew Kushner before and during Trump's campaign, as well as people who are close to him now. Their feelings toward Trump's apparent protégé mirror the polarization of the country.
Trump, they seem to feel, is a black-and-white issue: You can be for or against his policies.
But Kushner is an uncomfortable swirl of gray.
"The hope was that with Jared, there at least was someone who was smart and thoughtful and potentially doing the right things behind the scenes," one person who previously worked with Kushner told Business Insider.
But people "hate him right now," the person continued. "Not just him as a person so much but what he stands for and the fact that he hasn't been able to use his position to do anything meaningful for what we stand for."
Another person, who attended Kushner's wedding in 2009, agreed that former acquaintances were "seething."
"I'm not planning on being friends," this person said. "I don't think I'm going to be over it ... I feel really, really upset about what they're doing. I think it's so terrible and so disruptive that I can't get over that. I can't endorse that."
Kushner has seen enough relationships break that he now has a word for it: exfoliation.
He is shedding dead relationships like skin cells being scrubbed from a body.
And one particularly bad breakup last July may have inspired it.
A relationship sours
In September 2015, Jared Kushner met startup founder Wiley Cerilli. Kushner approached him about a business he was launching in the hope that Cerilli might agree to run it.
Cerilli declined the offer but told Kushner he wanted to find a way to work with him. He felt Kushner was sharp and had a healthy outlook on life.
That way would be a food-delivery startup Cerilli launched that winter. In January 2016, Kushner invested in Cerilli's seed round, the first money a founder raises from outside investors. Sources familiar with the deal say Kushner's investment was a relatively small amount for a venture capitalist, no more than a few hundred thousand dollars.
Over the next few months, the pair didn't talk much. But Cerilli watched as Trump took to the campaign trail and delivered increasingly divisive speeches. He often noticed Kushner photographed by the candidate's side, but he never heard Kushner speak out against what was said.
Cerilli, a lifelong liberal, grew increasingly concerned. In June, Trump went on an 11-minute rant about a federal judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who was overseeing lawsuits against Trump University, the defunct program of real-estate classes. Trump attacked Curiel over his Mexican heritage and said the judge could not fairly preside over a case involving Trump University because of Trump's vows to crack down on illegal immigration and build a wall along the Mexican border.
That's when Cerilli, who said he viewed the comments as racist, cracked.
Cerilli consulted a group of CEOs and investors for advice. They encouraged him to rid himself of his Kushner association, if only because it had become a distraction to his business. Also during that time, Trump had become the Republican presidential nominee.
In late July, Cerilli scheduled a phone call. Kushner thought he was getting an ordinary business update.
Instead, he was getting dumped.
'I don't give a shit. Send me the paperwork. I'll sign.'
Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images
It's not easy to get rid of an investor.
Once early-stage investors like Kushner give money to a startup, they own a piece of the company. There are written terms that can make it easier for a founder to divorce a spouse than to part with a venture capitalist.
To remove Kushner from his startup financially, Cerilli had to inform his board and other investors of the decision. Then he had to persuade Kushner to sign paperwork that would give away his rights.
Cerilli was nervous to address his concerns with Kushner. He wrote down a script and took notes of Kushner's reaction. Cerilli later sent those notes to his investors so he could give them an accurate update. Business Insider obtained a copy and confirmed the document's authenticity.
"If you can hear me out for a few minutes," Cerilli said, according to the notes, "then I would be happy to listen to you."
He continued: "A lot has changed in this country since you invested ... I am personally and now professionally overwhelmed and concerned with the rhetoric and public discourse on a number of fronts with regard to Trump."
Cerilli said that even if Kushner didn't agree with offensive comments Trump had made, he found his silence unacceptable.
"Your involvement is something that is not incredibly clear to me, but what is is your unwillingness to speak out against it," Cerilli said. "This is not a conversation about what he or you believe or what he and you do and feel behind closed doors. This is about what he says and does publicly and what is not said and done publicly by you."
This is about what he says and does publicly and what is not said and done publicly by you.
Cerilli said that while he once felt his and Kushner's values were aligned, that no longer seemed to be the case.
"You seem like a good person," he said. "A smart person. I am not saying that you are a bad person or that the way you act is wrong. I am saying that I don't agree with it, and me, [my cofounder], our team, and our investors ... would like to give you your money back."
Kushner listened until Cerilli was finished. He told him that the call came as a shock — and that it was "cowardly."
Then, according to Cerilli's notes of the call, Kushner unleashed.
He conveyed that the process of campaigning with Trump had "allowed him to exfoliate" people he once considered friends. "I am seeing which friendships break in the wind," he said, according to the document.
"We live in a world and time that are interesting," he added. "There are a lot of issues that need to be discussed."
He told Cerilli that he was doing what he thought was right, with "complicated facets," and that he was "navigating it appropriately."
Cerilli's decision to distance himself, Kushner said, was a "childish thing." He questioned Cerilli's character, describing his messaging as "somewhere between incredibly immature and incredibly intolerant." The decision to oust Kushner seemed emotional, not based on facts. He questioned whether Cerilli knew about his actual involvement in Trump's campaign or where he stood on key issues.
"You clearly don't have the depth to take on a big challenge when something like this bothers you," Kushner said, "and so clearly your team doesn't either."
After a few minutes, Kushner concluded: "I don't give a shit. Send me the paperwork. I'll sign."
Who is Jared Kushner?
Kushner and Ivanka Trump with Donald Trump, then a Republican presidential candidate, during a campaign stop. John Minchillo/AP
Those who know Kushner say he never intended to go into politics. His heavy involvement, these sources told Business Insider, spiraled from the fact that Trump ran a nontraditional campaign with few experienced advisers, often relying on people close to him like Kushner for guidance.
But now that Kushner is involved, former friends wonder who has changed more: Trump or Kushner?
Kushner and Ivanka have stayed relatively quiet during some of Trump's most controversial moments, which has fed critics' frustration. A recent "Saturday Night Live" skit summed up the sentiment. It was a spoof ad for a perfume called "Complicit," starring actress Scarlett Johansson as Ivanka Trump. The tagline?
"The fragrance for the woman who could stop all of this but won't. Also available in a cologne for Jared."
An image from the "SNL" skit. Saturday Night LIve/NBC/Screenshot
Kushner's allies have two responses to those who fear he's making a Faustian bargain in exchange for power: He isn't the president. And look harder.
A source familiar with Kushner's White House role says he did not go to Washington to focus on some of the more controversial Trump policies, like healthcare or the ban on immigration from several majority-Muslim countries. Instead, he is focused on issues like creating peace in the Middle East. But that doesn't mean Kushner hasn't inserted himself when he feels it's necessary.
Kushner, this person said, was instrumental in killing an executive order that would have affected the LGBT community. The person also said Kushner was the force that pushed the administration to remove Iraq from the second iteration of the travel ban, which is making its way through the courts.
Other Trump associates have faced tremendous criticism, too. Elon Musk, the founder of SpaceX and Tesla, who is a member of Trump's economic advisory council, acknowledged on Twitter that the blowback had been difficult to deal with. Travis Kalanick, the CEO of Uber, couldn't take the heat and resigned from Trump's council.
"Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise the President, not fewer," Musk tweeted. "How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?"
But once you've associated yourself with Trump, the only way to win might be to lose.
As one Kushner defender put it: "If you're doing well in politics, only 45% of people hate you."
The AMD Radeon R9 Fury X is the company's current flagship, single-GPU powered graphics card. Released just last week, the Fury X sports some bleeding edge technology, like its High Bandwidth 3D stacked memory, and offers performance in the same class as NVIDIA's powerful GeForce GTX 980 Ti. I reviewed the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X right here if you'd like to take to check out what makes the card tick.
AMD didn't focus all of its efforts solely on the GPU powering the Radeon R9 Fury X, however. The company also put a lot of thought into the industrial design of the product. Many of AMD's previous-gen flagship GPUs were outfitted with some great technology, but the cards themselves weren't much to look at and featured tons of plastic. AMD's main rival in the discrete GPU space, NVIDIA, however, had created an attractive high-end design language for its cards that has carried over for multiple generations. With the Fury X, AMD tried to achieve something similar. The cards are outfitted with black-nickel plated aluminum and soft-touch panels that give the Fury X a decidedly high-end feel.
AMD also made removal of the Fury X's front panel as easy as disengaging a few screws. The company mentioned early on that it was toying with the idea of releasing the CAD models necessary for users to create their own custom front panels for the Fury X. And today it actually happened.
In a post on the AMD website titled, “Personalizing your AMD Radeon R9 Fury X graphics card” a download link is provided for a 3D model that can be used to create customized front plates for the Fury X, either on a CNC machine or with a 3D Printer. From the post, “During the process of creating the industrial design for the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X graphics card we encountered a variety of unique perspectives within AMD on how it should look. These differentiating opinions made us think, what if we could enable our customers to implement their own creativity on our design? To do this we incorporated a removable front plate on the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X graphics card to allow for customer creativity.”
The target audience for a high-end graphics card like the Fury X is relatively small. And in that group, the number of people able to create their own custom face plates is even smaller. But this is a good move on AMD's part that will win it some fans in the PC modding community. It'll also likely spur the release of unique face plate designs from PC accessory makers and allow AMD's add-in board partners to better differentiate their products.
Samsung has officially announced the Galaxy Tab S3 in Barcelona, Spain at MWC 2017. The tablet will replace the older Galaxy Tab S2 from two years ago. The company is aiming this latest generation at high-end Android-based tablets squarely at the Microsoft Surface and Apple iPad Pro tablets. Here's everything to know about it.
As expected, Samsung just went on stage to publicly announce a new tablet, the Galaxy Tab S3. Rumors, leaks and reports regarding this model go back a while, and now we have it. This is the first tablet Samsung has launched in quite a while, it's hard to believe.
Samsung's new tablet adopts the same mirrored glass and aluminum band construction as we've seen with the Galaxy S7 smartphone. It's a world away from the previous generation Galaxy Tab S2, built from plastic. However, despite the difference in materials, the Galaxy Tab S3 is almost the exact same size as the outgoing model, only being marginally thicker and heavier (6mm versus 5.6mm, 429g versus 389g for the Wi-Fi model). In terms of core specifications, the new Galaxy Tab S3 is based around a 9.7-inch QHGA Super AMOLED display panel of 4:3 aspect ratio and a 2,048 x 1,536 pixel resolution. This AMOLED screen supports HDR (high dynamic range) video and imagery, so customers benefit from true-to-life colors and contrast compared with previous generation AMOLED panels described by Samsung as ‘cinema quality.' Under the skin the Galaxy Tab S3 comes with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip supported by 4GB of RAM. This is the same chip as is found in 2016 flagship Samsung Galaxy S7 smartphone. There's 32GB of internal storage plus a microSD card slot for expansion, a USB Type-C slot for charging purposes, and a 3.5mm headphone socket. There's also a fingerprint sensor beneath the device's home button.
In terms of cameras, the Galaxy Tab S3 has a 5MP lens on the front together with a 13MP camera complete with flash on the back. For software, Samsung's new generation Grace UX runs the show over Google's latest Android 7.0 Nougat. This means you'll have access to all the latest goodies such as doze on the go, bundled notifications, split screen multitasking, enhanced security, new emojis. And, the Galaxy Tab S3 fully supports Samsung Flow, a means of sharing notifications between a Samsung smartphone, tablet and Windows 10 computer.
Away from specifications, the Galaxy Tab S3 has a number of important new features. For productivity, Samsung is including an external and separate S Pen. This S Pen supports 4,096 levels of pressure via the Wacom digitizer plus tilt support and it never needs batteries nor recharging (you hear that Apple!). This means that the S Pen changes its behavior depending on the angle it is being held at. New for the Galaxy Tab S3 is a rubber tip on the end of the S Pen, rather than the plastic tip that competitors use. This is so the S Pen feels like a pencil writing on paper. However, if this isn't enough, Samsung has also worked with German writing instrument company, Staedtler, to produce the ‘Noris digital [pencil] for Samsung.' Naturally enough, the Galaxy Tab S3 fully supports handwriting recognition together with a number of features already familiar to owners of a previous Galaxy Note devices. These include Air Command, whereby the user can control the device by hovering the S Pen a little over the screen and clicking the button. The S Pen also gives users the chance to ‘smart-select' parts of the screen, annotate, use the translation feature of magnify the screen. Samsung are also selling an optional magnetically attached keyboard, which connects to the tablet via the bottom edge and makes it closer to a laptop replacement. This keyboard is constructed from plastic to give it a deeper keystroke and back-lighting for more comfortable typing day or night.
For gaming and entertainment, Samsung have given the new tablet a quad speaker setup. These speakers are tuned by Harman AKG, which come with the promise of ‘a home cinema experience' in your hands. The Galaxy Tab S3 will also adopt its sound profile with the screen's rotation, so as customers rotate the device, the quad-speaker setup will adapt. The software also includes support for the Vulkan API, a new graphical standard that improves 3D graphics performance whilst reducing power and heat. Another integrated technology is Samsung's use of a mDNIe, or mobile Digital Natural Image engine,' which adjusts the display settings in order to optimize the viewing experience.
Samsung also managed to include a built-in blue light filter for late night use and gamers alike. The tablet also comes with Samsung's ‘Game Launcher' to stop those pesky notifications during play time. We also already know how powerful the Snapdragon 820 is when it comes to 3D gaming as well as everyday duties. Finally, Samsung claims that the Galaxy Tab S3's 6,000mAh battery can play video for twelve hours and the tablet includes Samsung's latest generation ‘Samsung Adaptive Fast charge' technology, so it will spend less time on the charger and more time being used.
All up, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 looks like a potent device that would appear to cover many entertainment and productivity needs on a device running Android. The device combines many features we might expect to see in a product wearing a ‘Galaxy Note' name. Unfortunately, Samsung has not revealed exactly when the device will be available nor where and how much it will cost, but it is likely to be expensive as befits the premium design and features. We do know it will come in Black and Silver colors either as a Wi-Fi only model or with onboard LTE. Each Galaxy Tab S3 will include a packaged S Pen as standard, but customers will need to buy the optional keyboard. At this time, we don't know how much this will be either. We'll keep this post updated and provide the product links to you as more news rolls in. But for now, you can sign up on Samsung's website to be emailed future updates as they happen.
If we are nitpicking, the demonstration model appeared to be a fingerprint magnet and Samsung only including 32GB of storage seems a little tight, even with the benefit of the microSD slot. Subject to the price, the Galaxy Tab S3 may well be the go-to Android tablet for 2017.
Watch the full event here.
Check out the below gallery for all the official images.
Learn more in the embedded video demos below.
We'll keep you updated on everything important right as it happens! For up to the minute updates, follow us across social media. Keep it tuned to Droid Turf for extensive coverage of MWC 2017.
Related stories to the one you're viewing can be seen below this post along with tags that act as shortcuts to related material. If you like what you see, help Droid Turf expand by letting others know using the incorporating social buttons.
Vote and learn more in our Weekly Poll -> Weekly Poll: What company's products are you looking forward to meeting most at MWC 2017?
View our constantly updating MWC 2017 guide of what to expect and what we have thus far -> MWC 17: A Roundup of what we know thus far
SOURCE Samsung [1] [2]
UPDATE: Samsung hasn't confirmed availability for the models just yet. However, pricing is expected to run you about $699 for the Wi-Fi only model if you buy in the states or select parts of Europe. As for the LTE model, it's expected to be priced at a steeper $799 retail price. Samsung as well as major retailers will most presumably sell the device at the time in which it releases. We'll update you once further clarification is made.
UPDATE: Pricing has been revealed thanks to a Best Buy pre-order page. The slate will retail for $599 USD in the states, a whole $100 cheaper than many expected. In Canada, the same tablet will cost you C$799.99, which is nearly equivalent. Best Buy has the item listed as ‘coming soon'. We expect it to debut in April, alongside an LTE model that could be priced $100 USD higher. See it at the link below.
[Best Buy]
UPDATE: Samsung has announced the tab's U.S. availability. Pre-orders start on March 17th for $599. Samsung will also sell the attachable Pogo Keyboard Dock at that time as a separate accessory for $129. Below are the product links.
[Samsung] [Best Buy]
SOURCE [Samsung]
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drivers should beware of randy deer causing fatal accidents by bolting across one of Cambridgeshire's most dangerous roads, a wildlife campaigner has said.
Mark Wilkinson has warned that female deer fleeing across roads from stags during mating season can increase the risk of dangerous collisions - and the notorious A1307 is an animal strike blackspot.
Mr Wilkinson, of Saxon Road, Cambridge said rutting season - where male deer clash horns over mating rights with females - begins in October and runs into November.
“The reason it's an issue this time of year is because as the rutting season begins the males chase the females across countryside areas,” said Mr Wilkinson, a member of UK wildlife protection.
“These females are trying to get away from the males and will run in female-only groups.
“The problem is when they encounter a road they will all go at once and pay little attention to the fact they are crossing a road because they are distracted and in flight.
“This is often fatal for the animal but also they can be badly injured and suffer terribly. The main concern though is the risk to human life from striking an animal this size.”
Mr Wilkinson, who is also involved with the RSPB and Blue Cross, said that deer being hit by vehicles had increased over the last 10 years, largely due to increased traffic movements.
He added: “Sadly one of the worst roads in Cambridgeshire for large animal strikes is the A1307 between Cambridge and Haverhill.”
He urged the drivers to be aware of deer crossing roads during the next few weeks.
He said: “Deer usually always cross roads in wooded areas as they use the trees for cover.
“If you are entering a wooded area at night slow down and be prepared.
“If one jumps out it is highly likely others will follow so take that into account.
“Speed is a major factor in people being injured and the animals killed so ask - is it necessary to travel at excessive speed on these types of road?”
A spokesman for Cambridgeshire police said: “Motorists should be aware of the potential for deer to cross rural roads or those close to woodland and the possibility this could cause a serious collision.
“Speed limits are exactly that and are not targets. Motorists who exceed the speed limit significantly increase their chances of being involved in a serious, or even fatal, collision.”
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
It seems the alarming story of “Ocean extinction has started in our time” making the rounds of the alarmist blogs and gullible media is nothing more than an unpublished, unchecked opinion, and some pal review amongst activists at a three day conference.
Barry Woods writes:
Oh for goodness sake (parallels to IPCC 80% greenpeace renewables story)
The International Panel on the State of the Ocean !!! IPSO – modest bunch – see mission statement (front page website)
http://www.stateoftheocean.org/
The International Programme on the State of the Ocean (IPSO) was established by scientists with the aim of saving the Earth and all life on it.
Another Press release – Gets a shocking headline – the wait for the report (so that it can be checked) so that it is forgotten about and at the end – it is too early to say, but the trends are, etc,etc,etc
Maybe the Oceans are in a shocking state, I'm just getting too cynical to care…
BBC: World's oceans in ‘shocking' decline – Richard Black – 20th June 2011
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-13796479
“The oceans are in a worse state than previously suspected, according to an expert panel of scientists.” “In a new report, they warn that ocean life is “at high risk of entering a phase of extinction of marine species unprecedented in human history”.
The International Panel on the State of the Ocean !!! IPSO
This is getting beyond satire ‘panel for the State of the ocean' but no doubt lots more UN jobs and research required, plus urgent action and control of the oceans.
“The findings are shocking,” said Alex Rogers, IPSO's scientific director and professor of conservation biology at Oxford University. “Its report will be formally released later this week.”
Its worse than we thought (they considered)
”…As we considered the cumulative effect of what humankind does to the oceans, the implications became far worse than we had individually realised.” “We've sat in one forum and spoken to each other about what we're seeing, and we've ended up with a picture showing that almost right across the board we're seeing changes that are happening faster than we'd thought, or in ways that we didn't expect to see for hundreds of years.” ” These “accelerated” changes include melting of Arctic sea ice and the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, sea level rise, and release of methane trapped in the sea bed.”
BUT at the end. – It is too early to say !!!!
“The IPSO report concludes that it is too early to say definitively.” But the trends are such that it is likely to happen, they say – and far faster than any of the previous five extinctions.
I'm sorry but I have utter contempt for this sort of pseudo-science by press release…
I wonder what the report really says, and how well it holds up to the headline, I wonder if anyone will bother to check…
Seriously though: The International Panel of the State of the Ocean (IPSO)
With a name like that and their mission statement, – “with the aim of saving all life on the planet!” – they are hardly ever going to come to the conclusion, that it might be doing ‘just fine',
Diagnosing the state of the Ocean's health IPSO is currently compiling the Global State of the Ocean Report, which will collate world-wide marine science to give a comprehensive overview of the health of the Ocean. The Report is due to be published in 2012 but we already know that the Ocean's health is in a critical state. http://www.stateoftheocean.org/howbad.cfm
=================================================================
Thanks Barry, but wait there's more. Ben Pile, of the website “Climate Resistance” writes:
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water…
World's oceans in ‘shocking' decline
Warns Richard Black at the BBC.
The oceans are in a worse state than previously suspected, according to an expert panel of scientists. In a new report, they warn that ocean life is “at high risk of entering a phase of extinction of marine species unprecedented in human history”. They conclude that issues such as over-fishing, pollution and climate change are acting together in ways that have not previously been recognised. The impacts, they say, are already affecting humanity. The panel was convened by the International Programme on the State of the Ocean (IPSO), and brought together experts from different disciplines, including coral reef ecologists, toxicologists, and fisheries scientists.
Call me a cynic, but I no longer take claims about ‘expert panel of scientists' at face value. Sadly, Richard Black of the BBC does.
…
Ok. So who the hell are the Deep Sea Conservation Coalition?
Surprise, surprise…
A coordination team works together with a Steering Group that currently consists of the Ecology Action Centre, Greenpeace International, Marine Conservation Biology Institute, Natural Resources Defense Council, Pew Environment Group and Seas at Risk. The DSCC has developed a formidable international team of scientists, policy and communication experts, lawyers and political activists who on behalf of the deep sea have established a strong reputation and profile on the issue at the UN and in other fora.
The ‘panel of experts' — IPSO — may well be expert. But, look, again, we see Greenpeace's name up there, steering the research — in its own words — alongside the Pew group, and Friends of the Earth.
I don't believe a word of it. This is not scientific research, it's ‘grey literature', put out by yet another grey institution, the true nature of which is concealed from first appearances. Not far behind, the agenda is revealed.
[Anthony: Ben Pile also located a helpful video:]
From the video description on YouTube:
Dr. Alex Rogers, Scientific Director of IPSO and Professor of Conservation Biology at the Department of Zoology, University of Oxford, gives the overview of the main problems affecting the ocean – and some suggested solutions.
Pile continues:
So, yeah, another NGO lobbying outfit, in cahoots with government and businesses, blurring the lines between activism, scientific research, and so on.
Back to IPSO. Here's the web-page that relates to the new report. It describes the background to the report:
The 3 day workshop, co-sponsored by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), looked at the latest science across different disciplines. The 27 participants from 18 organisations in 6 countries produced a grave assessment of current threats — and a stark conclusion about future risks to marine and human life if the current trajectory of damage continues: that the world's ocean is at high risk of entering a phase of extinction of marine species unprecedented in human history.
So it turns out that this report took the scientists just three days of chin-wagging. Says the report:
The workshop provided a rare opportunity to interact with other disciplines to determine the net effect of what is already happening to the ocean and is projected to do so in the future. Over the three days 27 participants from 18 organisations in 6 countries (Annex 1) assessed the latest information on impacts and stresses, and the synergistic effects these are having on the global ocean. Through presentations, discussions and recommendations the workshop documented and described the cumulative effects of such impacts, how these commonly act in a negatively synergistic way, and why therefore concerted action is now needed to address the consequences set out in this report.
==============================================================
Here's the team from the IPSO website:
A high-level international workshop convened by IPSO met at the University of Oxford earlier this year. It was the first inter-disciplinary international meeting of marine scientists of its kind and was designed to consider the cumulative impact of multiple stressors on the ocean, including warming, acidification, and overfishing.
The 3 day workshop, co-sponsored by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), looked at the latest science across different disciplines.
The 27 participants from 18 organisations in 6 countries produced a grave assessment of current threats — and a stark conclusion about future risks to marine and human life if the current trajectory of damage continues: that the world's ocean is at high risk of entering a phase of extinction of marine species unprecedented in human history.
Delegates called for urgent and unequivocal action to halt further declines in ocean health. (click for press release)
…
(They seem really upset about this photo, this fish seems happy with his new home though, and anyone who knows anything about aluminum in the ocean will tell you the fish will probably outlive the can – A)
So, the BBC story “World's oceans in ‘shocking' decline” seems to be based on nothing more than some joint opinion at a conference with Greenpeace activists, a regurgitated press release, and no peer reviewed publication yet.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
After finishing their Grapefruit League schedule in Florida this spring, the Orioles will play an additional exhibition game on Friday, April 1 against the Philadelphia Phillies at Citizens Bank Park. Game time is 6:05 p.m.
The game will be three days before the Orioles' regular-season opener on Monday, April 4 against the Minnesota Twins at Camden Yards. It will also be one day after their Grapefruit League finale on March 31 against the Atlanta Braves at Ed Smith Stadium in Sarasota.
In recent years, the Orioles have played post-spring training exhibitions against their Triple-A club in Norfolk, Va. -- they played games against the Tides at Norfolk's Harbor Park in both 2012 and 2014.
And while other clubs often play tune-up exhibition games between the end of spring training and the season opener, the Orioles haven't played an exhibition game against a major league opponent outside their Grapefruit League schedule since playing the Washington Nationals at Norfolk's Harbor Park on April 3, 2009.
eencina@baltsun.com
twitter.com/EddieInTheYard
Another day, another batch of WikiLeaks emails – this time, showing Hillary Clinton allies' efforts in 2008 to test then-Sen. Barack Obama's potential vulnerabilities, including on deeply personal matters like his father's Muslim faith and his own past cocaine use.
The email exchange, part of the latest release of hacked emails purportedly from Clinton 2016 Campaign Chairman John Podesta's account, are from early January 2008 and discuss what is described in the subject line as a “McCain Survey.”
The discussion, however, focuses on apparent polling about potential weak spots for Obama, who had just beaten Clinton in the Iowa Democratic caucuses at that stage in the race.
The Clinton allies float a slew of potential topics including:
“Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) was the only candidate at a recent event not to cover his heart during the national anthem and he has stopped wearing an American flag pin.”
“Obama (owe-BAHM-uh)'s father was a Muslim and Obama grew up among Muslims in the world's most populous Islamic country.”
“Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) described his former use of cocaine as using ‘a little blow.'”
The topics are listed in an email from analyst Kristi Fuksa asking those on the list to cut one:
“We've reworked the Obama message into the survey, as requested. But on the list of negative facts we need to cut ONE since we separated out gay adoption and his use of cocaine,” she writes.
The cocaine question was separated out, apparently at the request of strategist Paul Begala.
New details about the hurried withdrawal of Russian Special Forces troops from the 3rd Guards Spetsnaz Brigade, military unit 21208 from Tolyatti, became available from the Ukrainian counter-espionage office, and information leaked in specialized forums.
After the capture on May 16, 2015, in Luhansk Oblast of two Russian Spetsnaz troops, Captain Erofeev and Sergeant Aleksandrov, their unit was immediately withdrawn from a temporary base in occupied territory and hastily transferred from Millerovo airfield in Rostov Oblast to their home base in the Russian city of Tolyatti.
Previously, it was assumed that such a hasty withdrawal happened because of the disclosure of information on the size, location, and mission of the Russian reconnaissance unit, but the real reasons were much more serious. A former serviceman of the 3rd Spetsnaz Brigade, close to military personnel of the brigade, told the story on condition of anonymity.
After detailed analysis and verification of the information, we decided to make it public.
The details of failure, or the threat of rebellion
Upon arrival at home base, the troops returning from the “Ukrainian assignment” were quartered in separate barracks. Almost all cell phones and other electronic gadgets were taken from them. All attempts were taken to isolate them and prevent any contact with their comrades, family, and friends. On the same day, a group of representatives from the Russian Defense Ministry and people in plain clothes arrived in Tolyatti.
A wave of discontent and indignation arose among enlisted personnel and junior commissioned officers due to the fact that the State, in particular, the command of the Defense Ministry, gave up on their comrades. The greatest outrage was provoked by a statement that the captured in Ukraine servicemen were supposedly discharged before their assignment, and a campaign to discredit them by the Russian government began, involving members of their families.
The command of the brigade and high-ranking officials from General Staff became very concerned with the low level of morale and dissension among the brigade's personnel. Immediately, identification of the disgruntled and disillusioned began. The rumors of a possible disbandment of the unit, in which the captured soldiers served, spread quickly.
See also: [EN, DE, FR, ES, IT, PL subs] Commander of the intelligence group, Captain Eugene Erofeev
The growing discontent among soldiers and junior officers forced the command to voice another, milder version of the future of the unit. The remaining personnel of the failed group will be dispersed among other units of the brigade. Those who wish to leave military service will be given that opportunity under certain conditions, such as signing a non-disclosure agreement and a temporary ban on travel abroad. “Sanctions” are also expected against commanders who led the reconnaissance and diversionary units and groups during the assignment. At the very least, they may be transferred to other, less prestigious locations; and in the worst case scenario, they can be eliminated, depending on further developments.
See also: [EN, DE, FR, ES, IT, PL subs] Alexander Alexandrov, sergeant of contract service of the Russian armed forces
Most of the soldiers of the brigade, in spite of their discontent, realize that they are powerless before their command and will not be able to assert their rights, since according to the official version of the Russian Federation, they have not been in Ukraine (although there are orders to send them on the mission to Ukraine with their names listed in the Brigade headquarters). They also realize that they followed illegal orders being in the territory of another sovereign state illegally.
Prepared by Irakli Komaxidze based on the words of a person close to the 3rd Spetsnaz Brigade.
Translated by Sveta Kemblowski
[EN] English: The Hasty Withdrawal of Russian Special Forces from Luhansk Linked to the Threat of Rebellion, According to the Source Close to the 3rd Spetsnaz Brigade
[DE] Deutsch: Hintergründe des hastigen Abzugs der russischen Speznas-Abteilung aus Luhansk
[FR] Français: Le retrait précipité des forces du GRU à Louhansk a été ordonné pour parer à une révolte des soldats
[PL] Polski: Pośpieszne wycofanie rosyjskiego specnazu – bunt żołnierzy?
[SK] Slovenský: Urýchlené stiahnutie časti ruských špeciálnych síl (“specnaz”) z Luhanska
[RU] Русский: Спешный отвод части российского спецназа из Луганска связан с угрозой бунта – спецназовец 3-й ОБр СпН ГРУ РФ
Published: 22:52 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 06:01 EST, 28 October 2016
Chris Hemsworth has apologised for his poor choice of costume during a New Year's Eve party last year, while also pledging his support for the Standing Rock protests in the US.
'Standing with those who are fighting to protect their sacred land and water,' he began his Instagram post on Friday.
The 33-year-old actor added: 'I would also like to take this opportunity to raise something that has been bothering me for sometime.'
Scroll down for video
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +5 Remorseful: Chris Hemsworth has pledged his support for the Native American people while apologising for his own offensive mistake made last year
The Australian actor went on to provide context for his apology, before saying: 'I was stupidly unaware of the offence this may have caused and the sensitivity around this issue. I sincerely and unreservedly apologise to all First Nations people for this thoughtless action.'
The former Home And Away star continued: 'I now appreciate that there is a great need for a deeper understanding of the complex and extensive issues facing indigenous communities.'
'I hope that in highlighting my own ignorance I can help in some small way,' Chris concluded his post.
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +5 Controversial: The 33-year-old actor addressed the photo from New Year's Eve that saw him and wife Elsa Pataky (left) dress up in Native American costumes
Not happy: Fans were quick to condemn the pair for their choice of attire at the time
The lengthy apology was accompanied by a photo of the Marvel star posing alongside Thor: Ragnorak's Indigenous director Taika Waititi.
The men were both holding up a sign that read: 'We stand with Standing Rock.'
There have been heavy protests and many arrests in recent days as people fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline that's being built at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota.
Getting personal: One Instagram follower chose to aim their comment directly at 32-year-old actor Chris
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +5 Disgruntled: Fans suggested the couple's costumes were an example of cultural appropriation
Chris Hemsworth and the Thor cast spruik Byron Bay movie festival v f Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% w 00:00 A Previous f Play A Skip LIVE d Mute w 00:00 Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 t Fullscreen g Need Text Video Quality i k m h n j Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done
Chris and his wife Elsa were both previously slammed when their costumes were deemed culturally insensitive.
The Melbourne-born actor was attending a Lone Ranger-themed party at the time.
Fans were quick to condemn the married couple for their choice of attire, with one Instagram user commenting: 'This is so disappointing to see. Native Americans are real, their culture is real.'
Meanwhile, another suggested the couple's costumes were an example of cultural appropriation, writing: 'Can't put into words how wrong this is.'
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +5 In theme: Chris' older brother Luke sported a police suit and cowboy hat for the New Year's Eve party
Miley Cyrus and Elsa Pataky indulge in retail therapy in Byron Bay v f Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% w 00:00 A Previous f Play A Skip LIVE d Mute w 00:00 Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 t Fullscreen g Need Text Video Quality i k m h n j Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done
One Instagram follower chose to aim their comment directly at actor Chris. 'Oh no Thor has gone and effed up with this cultural appropriation,' they wrote.
Another simple asked: 'Why Hemsworths? Why?'
Meanwhile other fans took the liberty to defend the couple on social media, insisting the fancy dress party was just a lighthearted social occasion with no nasty intent.
In the image, Elsa donned a feathered headdress, while Chris sported a black wig and war paint.
Membership in the Democratic Socialists of America has surged since the election.
For now, DSA is proving an on-ramp for those frustrated with Trump and the Democratic establishment alike.
One evening the week before Christmas, about 100 people squeezed into a room in the Brooklyn Free School, located on one of central Brooklyn's posher streets. The private school's chair collection exhausted itself within minutes as attendees packed the room for the monthly meeting of the Brooklyn chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA)—which, just a month earlier, had fit easily into the same space.
Since Nov. 8, 2016, thousands have joined DSA. The organization has ballooned to over 14,000 members, more than doubling in size from 6,500 members in May 2016. DSA National Director Maria Svart says of new sign-ups, “You could literally see the moment when Trump was declared the winner.”
Organizations such as the ACLU and Planned Parenthood are reporting a similar spike in new members and donations in the wake of Trump's election. But interest in socialist groups, grown accustomed to being small and isolated in U.S. politics, appears to be surging in a way it hasn't in decades. Many of those joining are young people who don't have their parents' Cold War hangups about socialism. Politicians like Bernie Sanders—an avowed socialist whom many supporters are looking to for an effective counter to Trump—have further sparked their interest in a politics outside mainstream Democrats and Republicans.
That puts DSA in a promising, if uncertain, position in the wake of Trump's election. “People … are looking to DSA as an organization that full throatedly supported Bernie Sanders in the primary and has the potential to be a serious part of the fightback, both to Trump and to the neoliberal wing of the Democratic Party,” says Svart.
Founded in 1982 out of the remnants of the '60s New Left, DSA also has roots in Eugene Debs' Socialist Party of America, which at its height in 1912 boasted 113,000 dues-paying members. Eager to avoid the pitfalls of insular ideological squabbles, DSA strives to work with community organizations and social movements. Following the election, DSA chapters have mobilized to support organizing by communities threatened by Trump and his supporters, including local mosques and immigrant rights organizations. DSA is also working on building a multiracial membership—its current members are predominantly white—while supporting existing organizing by communities of color. Brooklyn DSA's Racial Justice working group, for example, is partnering with the New York-based group Communities United for Police Reform to help pass the Right to Know Act, aimed at increasing transparency and accountability on the part of the NYPD.
Ultimately, says Svart, there's agreement within the organization about “the need for a multi-racial, anti-capitalist movement that is in touch with the grassroots.”
For now, DSA is proving an on-ramp for those frustrated with Trump and the Democratic establishment alike. The Brooklyn meeting on Dec. 22, 2016, was the first for Hannah Silverman, a New York native who worked on local Democratic campaigns in high school but grew disillusioned with politics before heading off to Brown University, where she graduated in 2015.
“I was afraid [the meeting] would feel futile,” she said as chairs were being collected toward the end. Instead, she was pleasantly surprised by the tailored facilitation—after a discussion of the importance of organizing “openly as socialists” at the local level, the meeting broke out into smaller committees on everything from affordable housing fights to climate justice—and the high attendance. “Looking at Trump's election, the only way to spin it positively is that it compelled a lot of people to become politically active,” she noted. “It created a sense of urgency that was missing.” She plans to attend next month's meeting. In New York City alone, DSA now has 1,000 members.
But deep-blue Brooklyn isn't the only place where democratic socialism is undergoing a resurgence. Local organizers are in the process of getting six new chapters off the ground in Florida and four in Ohio, both of which went for Trump in November. DSA's tiny national staff, funded entirely by dues and small donations, has been overwhelmed by requests to create new chapters around the country and is looking for ways to expand accordingly.
Tom Tilden, 59, is among those DSA members setting up shop for socialism deep in Trump country. Tilden is a DSA veteran, having joined when he lived in Chicago in the late '80s. But when he moved to Nebraska in 1993, Tilden says, he didn't consider starting a new chapter there, though he remained a member of the national organization. When people talk about “the Left” in conservative Nebraska, Tilden explains, they're referring to “people in the middle of the Democratic Party leftward. ‘The Left' is progressive. People don't usually think in terms of socialist.”
But that may be changing after Sanders' primary run, which “changed the nature of the Democratic Party in the state” while stripping away some of the taboos that plague socialist politics, says Tilden. In Nebraska's March 2016 caucus, Clinton won just 10 of the state's pledged delegates to Sanders' 15, and he successfully won over some of the state's most rural counties. Since the caucuses, Tilden has been working to get a new chapter off the ground in Omaha, and another has sprung up in nearby Lincoln. About 30 people attended the first meeting in December 2016.
Like many other DSA members around the country, Tilden sees potential in building institutions outside the Democratic Party, but is also a firm believer in trying to stage a takeover from the inside. This fall, he joined Keystone XL pipeline opponent Jane Kleeb on the ticket to run Nebraska's Democratic Party. She's now the party's state chair. Tilden is second associate chair, and has similar goals for his work in this position as he does as a local DSA organizer: Reaching working-class voters, especially those who went for Trump but might yet be won over to the kind of anti-racist, anti-capitalist movement that DSA hopes to build.
“People in rural Nebraska are more progressive than they realize,” Tilden reasons. While door-knocking during the Sanders campaign, he and other volunteers found that many rural voters took firm stands against corporate agriculture and attacks on public education. “I think once we work with them on their issue, they'll see that the people on their side are not the Republicans.”
Instead, Tilden hopes, they just might embrace an entirely different shade of red.
We've some great news for iPhone 4S and iPad 2 users who may have accidentally upgraded their jailbroken iOS devices to iOS 5.1.
iH8sn0w, developer of Sn0wbreeze – developer of popular jailbreak tool for Windows users has just revealed that he has managed to successfully downgrade his iPad 2 to iOS 5.0.1 from iOS 5.1.
He tweeted:
Found a loophole in Apple's apticket system. Restored my iPad 2 to 5.0.1 from 5.1. Works on all A5 devices. 🙂
A5X devices will work too once Apple pushes a new firmware for it.
BTW, This cannot be applied to basebands. Only iOS itself.
It is currently possible to downgrade iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPad 1, iPod touch 4G and iPod touch 3G from iOS 5.1 to iOS 5.0.1 using the SHSH blobs saved using TinyUmbrella or TinyCFW.
With this latest development, it means that iPhone 4S and iPad 2, which are powered by A5 chip and in the future the new iPad, which is powered by Apple's A5X chip can be downgraded to the previous firmware versions as well.
So users will be able to downgrade to iOS 5.0.1 and enjoy the untethered jailbreak until the jailbreak for iOS 5.1 is released (Update on iOS 5.1 jailbreak available here). Update: We're assuming that you will need SHSH blobs saved using TinyUmbrella to downgrade to iOS 5.0.1.
This is an amazing achievement as Apple had made it extremely difficult to downgrade to a previous iOS version with the release of iOS 5.0. iH8sn0w hasn't mentioned when he plans to provide details on how to downgrade to a previous version.
Frequently asked Questions:
Here are answers to frequently asked questions:
1. Can I downgrade to iOS 5.1 to iOS 5.0.1 if I have iOS 5.0.1 SHSH blobs?
Yes
2. Can I downgrade to iOS 5.1 to iOS 5.0.1 if I don't have iOS 5.0.1 SHSH blobs?
No, while iH8sn0w hasn't provided the details it seems very (very) unlikely that you can downgrade to iOS 5.0.1 if you haven't saved the SHSH blobs.
3. Can I save iOS 5.0.1 SHSH blobs if my iOS device is still on iOS 5.0.1?
Using TinyUmbrella:
No, since Apple has stopped signing iOS 5.0.1, which is required for TinyUmbrella to SHSH blobs, it is currently not possible.
Note: Please note that if you've jailbroken your iOS device on iOS 5.0.1, then Cydia would have saved the SHSH blobs. You can store these SHSH blobs locally using Tiny Umbrella (Launch Tiny Umbrella -> Ensure Request SHSH from Cydia option is selected and then click on the Save SHSH button). You will notice that when you deselect the Request SHSH from Cydia option and then click on Save SHSH button, TinyUmbrella will throw an error (Log tab) telling you that Apple no longer signs iOS 5.0.1.
Using iFaith:
You should be able to save iOS 5.0.1 SHSH blobs even though Apple is not signing it using iH8sn0w's iFaith utility, which is available for Windows users. Since it is developed by iH8sn0w, we're assuming SHSH blobs using iFaith will allow you to downgrade from iOS 5.1 to iOS 5.0.1.
4. Can I downgrade my iPhone 4S and iPad 2 to iOS 5.0.1 from iOS 5.1?
No yet, iH8sn0w hasn't provided the details on how we can downgrade.
As always, we'll let you know as soon as we've any further updates, so stay tuned at iPhone Hacks or join our Facebook Fan page or follow us on Twitter or add us on Google+ or subscribe to our RSS feed.
Update 1: Added the FAQ section.
Update 2: Added the note section for the answer to question 3 to avoid any confusion.
Update 3: Updated the FAQ section with information about iFaith.
Like this post? Share it!
Our trip last year to Mount Whitney really influenced this trip in many ways. Most importantly, the folks we met while camping at Soldier Lake in the Sierras told us of this cool hike they did in Colorado where they rode a steam train to the trailhead around Silverton. (They meant the Chicago Basin).
Around January this year, I did some research and found out what area they were referring to, the Chicago Basin. It looked amazing.
The second major influence last year's trip had on this trip was to not spend the whole time wearing ourselves out; work some flexibility into the schedule so that we wouldn't be hiking from dawn until dusk every day. That worked out just fine.
The plan was this: Take the Durango and Silverton Narrow GaugeRailway north halfway to Needleton, get off and hike up to Chicago Basin. Establish a base camp and spend two full days up there doing whatever we wanted. Hike back down to Needleton to take the train north to Silverton. Have a quick bite and take the bus back down to Durango, where we had stashed a duffel bag for showering and changing into clean clothes after our hike. We would take the shuttle back to the airport, catch a flight to Denver and then a plane home to San Diego. It was a good plan.
--------
Thursday morning, long before dawn, the PD and were on our way to San Diego airport, packs full and excited about collecting some new experiences. After a short flight to Phoenix, we boarded a small turboprop to Durango, where we could see that our packs, being loaded onto the plane, had made it with us all the way from San Diego. We were relieved.
America in the mid-1980s. In the midst of the AIDS crisis and a conservative Reagan administration, New Yorkers grapple with life and death, love and sex, heaven and hell.
Andrew Garfield (Silence, Hacksaw Ridge) plays Prior Walter along with a cast including Denise Gough (People, Places and Things), Nathan Lane (The Producers), James McArdle (Star Wars: The Force Awakens) and Russell Tovey (The Pass).
This new staging of Tony Kushner's multi-award winning two-part play, Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes, is directed by Olivier and Tony award winning director Marianne Elliott (The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time and War Horse). Part One: Millennium Approaches was first performed at the National Theatre in 1992 and was followed by Part Two: Perestroika the following year.
Part Two: Perestroika, will be broadcast live from the National Theatre on 27 July.
When your country's unemployment rate is 27%, having your own yacht isn't a good look, as this king found
Name: King Juan Carlos of Spain.
Age: 75.
Appearance: Barely regal.
King who? King Juan Carlos of Spain.
Oh right. What's he done now? Given up his yacht.
Aww. Sad. Because he's getting too old to sail? No, it's not that kind of yacht. It's the other kind. The kind that's 136ft long, worth £18m and costs around £17,000 to refuel.
Ah. The kind a king gets. Yep, and the kind that, arguably, looks a little bit too lavish for the monarch of a country with a 27% unemployment rate. Especially when his popularity ratings have plummeted in the wake of a string of royal scandals and embarrassments.
Such as? Such as last April, when the king – then the honorary president of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) in Spain – was caught jetting off to Botswana for a secret elephant-hunting safari at an estimated cost of £8,000 a day.
And? And a corruption probe into the charity run by the king's son-in-law Iñaki Urdangarin, Duke of Palma, from 2004 to 2006, from which Urdangarin is alleged to have siphoned money intended for disabled children into off-shore bank accounts.
And? And the fact some of his family have really shot themselves in the foot.
In what sense? In the sense that just before the king's safari his 13-year-old grandson Froilán Marichalar literally shot himself in the foot with a shotgun.
Which is a scandal why? Because, according to Spanish newspapers, the law, and basic common sense, 13 is too young to be firing a shotgun at your own feet or anyone else's. Prompting allegations that the royals feel the normal rules don't apply to them.
And do they? Yep. Because they don't. King Juan Carlos is literally above the law. Two people claiming to be his illegitimate offspring have had attempts to prove his paternity thrown out of court on the grounds of his legal "inviolability".
Ah. Well then I'm not so bothered he's lost his yacht. To be fair, he's probably not too bothered either. He can still go shoot an elephant with impunity.
Do say: "We're all in this together."
Don't say: "But some of us are more in it together than others."
Perhaps more than any other city in the United States, San Francisco is now the flashpoint for how expensive urban living has become. The city's population has been increasing by nearly 10,000 people every year, and housing supply is not meeting demand. Restored earthquake shacks, the minuscule cottages used to shelter residents after the 1906 temblor, are selling in the seven figures. The cost of building a unit of “affordable” housing is hovering close to $500,000 for 800 square feet. Throughout the Bay Area, NIMBYs are ascendant, throwing their weight against new development.
If the reins of San Francisco's housing policy were handed over to architect David Baker, the problem might be less intractable. For more than 30 years, he has been a champion of affordable housing in an unaffordable city. Although his firm, David Baker Architects, designs market-rate and luxury homes, it's known for some of the most innovative and striking affordable housing found anywhere.
On an Indian summer day, I met Baker at his home at 18th and Shotwell streets in the Mission, a neighborhood where fierce battles over gentrification have been waged recently. Taquerías, auto-repair shops, and bodegas now coexist, often tenuously, with clothing boutiques, bespoke barbers, and pricey pizzerias. “San Francisco has always been a boom-bust, crazy town,” Baker says. “We had an earthquake; the city burnt down; we rebuilt. We had another earthquake. The hippies started here, and the dot-com started here. This is another chapter, and the world isn't ending.”
An ardent cyclist and bike advocate, Baker is 64 years old and as fit as the dancers practicing at the studio next door. He sports a salt-and-pepper soul patch and favors skinny jeans and chunky scarves he knits himself. He bought his property in 1999 — during the first high-tech boom. “It was an appliance-repair shop,” he says. “There was a guy living in the 3-foot-high crawl space above the bathroom. They fixed slot machines, Venetian blinds. They had attack dogs in the back. Chickens. Real mixed-use.”
The attack dogs and crawl-space tenant are long gone, but an array of uses remains. He and his partner, Yosh Asato, live in a compact, solar-­powered cottage on the top floor, rent the back unit out through Airbnb, and funnel the profits from that into StoreFrontLab, the street-level commercial space, which hosts events ranging from skill-shares (beer-­making, lamp-wiring, bike repair) to salons that discuss issues affecting the city.
Baker and I head toward Valencia Street, just a few blocks over from where an especially strident — and symbolically loaded — gentrification fight is brewing. At 16th and Mission streets, a notoriously crime-ridden intersection, a ten-story luxury high-rise has been proposed. “Developers,” he says, “took the attitude, ‘Why talk to the neighbors? We're just going to do what we're going to do.' That's a lesson in how to get people against something that's probably a good idea. But the activists started out with, ‘You evil developers should give your land to the people.' That's a hard starting point. There are a lot of things that are more likely to happen — like just about anything.”
Baker has strong, often contrarian views on almost any subject, and as we continue west, he alights on one after another. On the extremes of Bay Area NIMBYism: “There are people who show up at community meetings who are just insane, like the guy who said, ‘If you build that affordable housing you'll have a bunch of single mothers who will leave their kids at home, and those kids will sneak into my backyard and wring my chickens' necks.' True story.” On the complaints against micro-units: “I wish some of the affordable-housing folks would visit the SROs when they're kvetching about whether 220 square feet is too small for human habitation — they should see the 80-square-foot squalor people are living in now.”
Baker agrees with many housing advocates that building luxury apartments won't solve the affordability crisis, but he also knows that not building luxury units won't, either. Because of the city's policy of “set-asides,” the building of market-rate units requires that a percentage of the project budget be used for affordable housing. On a recent project that David Baker Architects designed, the developer had $14 million to spend on affordable housing. “So, yeah, a luxury building went up,” he says. “But so did 170 affordable units.”
We cut through a pocket park near a U-Haul store to cross Market Street en route to Hayes Valley, a once down-and-out enclave that has been transformed over the past 20 years as the city removed the Central Freeway. The current incarnation of the neighborhood, says Baker, is an example of enlightened city planning. “The city's getting affordability in all the buildings,” he says, “and they've managed to get good architects to design them. It's either the exception to the rule or it's the future. I'd like to think it's the future.”
We pass a new luxury condo building by architect Stanley Saitowitz, another by architect Owen Kennerly, and then stop at Ritual Coffee, one of several stylish, friendly businesses operating out of shipping containers as part of Proxy, a much-loved, often-copied temporary retail project. The site is slated to become affordable housing. When that happens, Baker predicts that most, if not all, of the existing businesses will be incorporated into a ground-floor market hall.
Hayes Valley is where one can find a range of Baker's projects: 300 Ivy (million-dollar flats and townhomes) on the west side and Richardson Apartments (120 micro-units for a low-income, formerly homeless population) to the east. Richardson Apartments is an example of how Baker's firm has rethought low-­income housing. A building like this one — with its strong geometric forms, unabashed use of color and texture, high-quality materials, and private green spaces — puts to rest the misguided, yet often ascribed to, theory that affordable housing should look affordable.
The way the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development used to work in the mid-20th century, Baker says, was great for architects. “You got a tremendous fee. You didn't have to do anything good. You just had to make the roof slope and take the bureaucrat out to lunch. The message they were sending was, ‘We don't care how much it costs. Just don't do anything that makes it look expensive.'”
We stroll over to a bike-share rack, so Baker can ride to his office in the Clocktower building on Second Street. He offers one last thought. “People advocate for some things and against others, but the reality is if you don't provide a luxury unit, a rich person will buy your cheaper unit. You need a balance. You can't just say, ‘You can't live here.'”
The director of Israel's Institute for National Security Studies told France24 on Tuesday that cooperation between Saudi Arabia and Israel is taking place under the radar, and that both countries view Iran as a threat.
Amos Yadlin said:
When the Saudi defense minister wakes up in the morning and he looks at his problem, the threats that Saudis face, he looks at Iran, what they want to achieve in the Middle East [and] the nuclear ambitions of Iran; he looks at the negative actions of Iran in Syria, Iraq, in Yemen and in Lebanon. He looks at Hezbollah as a threat and he looks at ISIS as a threat. When the defense minister in Israel wakes up in the morning, he basically sees the same threats. This gives a lot of convergence interests that we can act upon. It is done below the screen, if there will be advances in the peace process with [Israel and] the Palestinians, I guess it can even go above the table.
Yadlin, who served as the head of Israel's military intelligence between 2006 and 2010, also confirmed an Iranian claim that Saudi Arabia provided intelligence to Israel during the Jewish state's war in Lebanon against Hezbollah in 2006.
Israel and Saudi Arabia have no diplomatic relations, though reports have surfaced in the past suggesting cooperation against Tehran. It was previously reported that the Gulf nation gave Israel approval for its jets to pass through Saudi airspace in the event that it decided to launch an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities, according to Breitbart.
A hacker group broke into the NBC News Twitter account Friday, sending a series of tweets about a terror attack on Ground Zero to the news outlet's 129,000 followers.
“Flight 4782 is not responding, suspected hijacking. One plane just hit Ground Zero site at 5:47. #groundzeroattacked,” the account wrote.
“This is not a joke, Ground Zero has just been attacked,” the account tweeted. “We're attempting to get reporters on the scene.”
No such terror attack happened at Ground Zero in Manhattan Friday evening. A group calling themselves “The Script Kiddies” claimed responsibility for the hack, advertising its own Twitter account, which was suspended immediately after the incident.
NBC News released a statement Friday condemning the act as “reckless and irresponsible,” and apologizing for the scare it may have caused anyone.
“The NBC News Twitter account was hacked late this afternoon and as a result, false reports of a plane attack on ground zero were sent to @NBCNews followers,” the statement read.
“We are working with Twitter to correct the situation and sincerely apologize for the scare that could have been caused by such a reckless and irresponsible act.”
The NBC News account, which was also suspended about 20 minutes after the initial hack, is a Twitter-verified account, and a large news presence on Twitter.
MSNBC reporters Luke Russert and Chuck Todd and other NBC employees quickly told their followers about the hack, warning them not to believe or retweet the messages.
Follow Paul on Twitter
Via the Marietta Daily Journal:
The Atlanta Braves are expected to announce today the team plans to relocate to Cobb County with a new stadium being ready for the 2017 season. They will be leaving Turner Field after their 20 year agreement expires at the end of the 2016 season. The new stadium will be built near the intersection of I-75 and 285. The current site is under contract and set to close in early 2014.
Details aren't available, but one would surmise that the team will, like the Atlanta Falcons, push for a taxpayer-funded stadium.
Turner Field was built for the 1996 Summer Olympics and was converted for baseball for the 1997 season. The stadium, generally considered one of the best ballparks in MLB, will only be 20 years old when the Braves' lease expires.
There's no word on what will become of “The Ted.”
I really hope this report is a joke or otherwise wrong.
[UPDATE] I put in a call to the Braves' press office to verify this. Left a message.
[UPDATE-9:13am] WSB spoken with Cobb County officials and the AJC has talked with team officials. It's legit, folks, the Braves are moving to Cobb County.
[UPDATE-9:23am] AJC's David O'Brien tweets: “#Braves confirm move to Cobb County in 2017. Remarkable how quiet they kept this behind-scenes maneuvering.”
[UPDATE-9:26am] Jim Galloway reports the “deal to move the Atlanta Braves to Cobb County involves $450 million in private financing arranged by the county and another $200 million put up front by the baseball team that first moved to Atlanta in 1965, we're told.”
“There's a Wednesday meeting at the state Capitol at which the Braves will discuss the move with Gov. Nathan Deal and Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed,” he added.
[UPDATE-9:30am] The Atlanta Braves just tweeted: “We are excited to announce plans to build a world-class stadium, which will open in 2017 at the NW intersection of I-75/I-285.” In a separate tweet, the team says, “We have secured a large tract of property at this location & will work to build a world-class ballpark for our fans.”
They are directing fans to HomeOfTheBraves.com for updates.
[UPDATE-9:42am] The Braves have posted a message from John Schuerholz, team president, in which he explains the reasoning behind the move.
[UPDATE-9:47am] Via Galloway, here's a look at the location of the proposed new stadium.
WHAT if Australia was being hunted down by a threat that nobody noticed?
That could be happening right now. A new leak of official information suggests Australia has barely paid attention to a problem that could bring the country to its knees.
A secret official report was leaked this week saying the debt held by Australian households before the GFC was so high there was likely to be a tidal wave of defaults. That could have seriously hurt Australian banks and maybe even caused a recession, according to analysts.
If household debt was big then, it is far greater now. Household debt has been building up for ages, and our regulator thinks our banks couldn't handle a house price crash.
But almost nobody ever mentions that brand of debt. Instead, we argue non-stop about debt held by government: “The deficit,” “government debt,” “budget emergency”. I know I'm sick to death of hearing about them.
Yet government debt is tiny by comparison to private debt (which is owed by companies and households).
This graph makes me wonder if we are like minor characters in a Jurassic Park movie — bickering over something completely inconsequential, while an angry velociraptor sneaks up on us and prepares to tear us apart.
CAN IT REALLY HURT US?
In recent history, yes, government debt has been the bad guy. Think about Greece. The problem was the debt owed by government, not the private sector
But before that, there is a long, long history of private debt going on a rampage and destroying everything. First, debt creates bubbles. Then, bubbles burst, and finally, whole countries get caught up in the mess.
Has the house price bubble burst? 3:10 Analysts predict Australian house prices could start falling as soon as March next year, with homeowners, banks, builders and many more sets to be hit with full force.
The US subprime mortgage crash is one example. Japan's bubble in the late 1980s is another. Both caused massive problems for everyone — even people who thought they were insulated from the bubble. The end of a debt-splurge can cause banks to go broke, retirement savings to plunge, and the unemployment rate to shoot up.
IS OUR DEBT DIFFERENT?
The debt Aussie households have is partly on credit cards but mostly on mortgages. Which is good, because it means there is an actual asset backing up the debt.
But it also means that if the housing market so much as wobbles, there is a serious problem with all that debt.
If the housing market starts to wobble and your house is worth less than your mortgage, you probably just sigh and keep on living there, right?
But it's different if it's an investment property with an interest-only loan. In that case, you're far more likely to realise your investment is a dud, and sell out. Which will also, thanks to the capital gains tax, get you a little tax saving.
Interest only loans have grown by 80 per cent in a three-year period recently. The high share of interest-only loans on investment properties is a big reason the housing debt stock is a worry.
Of course, private debt is not necessarily a bad thing. While debt is high, many Australians have been using this period of low interest rates to get ahead on their home loans. If all the debt can be paid for then we have literally nothing to worry about. Many experts think we're going to be just fine, including the head of the banking association.
But then again, that's what people always think just before the worst happens.
Jason Murphy is an economist. He publishes the blog Thomas The Thinkengine.
Follow Jason on Twitter @Jasemurphy
This article details some modest benefits to rosacea symptoms experienced by users of 3% topical tranexamic acid. Trialists of the active topical experienced an improvement in stratum corneum function and in “clinical signs and symptoms of rosacea”.
The authors further detail a suggested pathway of how tranexaminc acid benfits rosacea. See the full text link below for more details.
“The possible pathogenic role of the permeability barrier in rosacea and the mechanisms by which tranexamic acid benefits rosacea. The impaired permeability barrier function can increase serine protease (SP) activity, resulting from the elevation of pH. Activation of SP activates SP-PAR2 and increases the production of active forms of LL-37, which in turn induces inflammatory cell infiltrate and angiogenesis. Activation of SP-PAR2 pathway can cause further damage in the permeability barrier via the inhibition of lamellar body secretion and E-cadherin adhesion. In addition, defective permeability barrier alone could increase LL-37”.
Tranexamic acid is a synthetic analog of the amino acid lysine. Lysine has been associated with rosacea for many years but so far any evidence hasn't risen above anecdotal level.
Paula's Choice tells us
TRANEXAMIC ACID A synthetic amino acid that functions as a skin-conditioning agent and astringent. Derived from the amino acid lysine, it is used in during surgery to control bleeding, including from dental surgery. In cosmetics, it functions on skin as a barrier repair ingredient and seems able to help skin recover from damage (Source: International Jounal of Dermatology, August 2013, ePublication). There's a growing body of research showing that tranexamic acid also has an inhibitory effect on melanin (skin pigment) production, meaning topical applications of effective amounts (5%) may improve brown skin discolorations associated with melasma (Sources: Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology, August 2013, pages 1,035-1,039; and Journal of Cosmetic and Laser Therapy, June 2012, pages 150-154).
Article Abstract
Topical tranexamic acid improves the permeability barrier in rosacea DERMATOLOGICA SINICA, 33 (2015) 112-117 Shaomin Zhong, Nan Sun, Huixian Liu, Yueqing Niu, Can Chen, Yan Wu, Department of Dermatology, Peking University First Hospital, Beijing, China Objective: To evaluate the influence of tranexamic acid on epidermal permeability barrier function in rosacea and its potential mechanisms. Methods: A randomized, vehicle controlled, split-face study was performed on 30 rosacea patients. This study involved 2 weeks of 3% tranexamic acid solution treatment and vehicle control treatment. Skin physiological parameters, including skin surface pH, stratum corneum hydration, and transepidermal water loss, were measured. The expression of protease-activated receptor 2 (PAR-2) in rosacea and normal skin samples was assessed with immunohistochemical staining. The expression of PAR-2 in HaCaT keratinocytes was determined using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction after stimulation with tranexamic acid. Changes of intracellular calcium induced by PAR-2 activation were measured using Fluo-4 NW calcium assay. Results: Individuals with rosacea expressed a higher baseline level of PAR-2 compared with normal skin. Tranexamic acid improved the permeability barrier function in rosacea patients and inhibited calcium mobilization in keratinocytes induced by PAR-2 activation. The PAR-2 expression was not altered by tranexamic acid stimulation. Conclusion: Topical tranexamic acid could improve the epidermal permeability barrier function and clinical signs of rosacea, likely resulting from inhibition of PAR-2 activation and consequent calcium influx. Thus, tranexamic acid could serve as an adjuvant therapy for rosacea.
Related Articles
It's official. Florida is the nation's third-largest state with 19.7 million people. It surpassed New York this month by adding an average of 803 new residents every day as opposed to New York's 140.
Contrary to the stereotype, sun-seeking seniors aren't the main drivers of Florida's population growth. James Johnson, a business professor at the University of North Carolina, told the AP that Florida's powerful economic engine is driving its growth: “I think it's going to be for the 21st century what California or New York was for the 20th century.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
As the James Madison Institute reports, Florida's growth is built on a consensus that taxes, spending, and regulation should be restrained. Its budget is half the size of New York State's, it lacks a state income tax, and it is much easier to start and run a business there than in many northeastern states.
As a result, Florida has experienced solid job growth (the third-highest in the nation for private-sector employment). Its workforce is better prepared than that of many states. Education Week's annual rating of state schools gave Florida its No. 6 ranking, earning top grades for standards, accountability, early childhood education, and career preparation.
“Florida is an example of what can happen when the private sector, local governments, the legislature, and the governor all work together to promote a climate that fosters innovation and job creation,” says Bob McClure, president of the James Madison Institute.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, back in New York State, Governor Andrew Cuomo took time this week to announce his state will ban fracking, which would have represented a potential bonanza for the state's depressed upstate counties. Some states want to live and some states seemed determined to wither.
Science fiction dreams of mining riches from asteroids only make sense if humans can make it worth their time and effort. The new Planetary Resources group backed by Silicon Valley billionaires and Hollywood moguls is now betting on the fact that there is big money in mining space rocks.
Nobody knows exactly how much asteroid wealth exists, but early estimates point to riches beyond Earth's wildest dreams. Just the mineral wealth of the asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter could be equivalent to about $100 billion for every person on Earth, according to "Mining the Sky: Untold Riches from the Asteroid, Comets, and Planets" (Addison-Wesley, 1996) — perhaps slightly less now after accounting for the Earth's population growth over the past 15 years. [Does Asteroid Mining Violate Space Law?]
"The near-Earth asteroid population could easily support 10 to 40 times the population of Earth, with all the necessary resources to do that," said John Lewis, a professor emeritus at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory of the University of Arizona and author of "Mining the Sky."
Even smaller space rocks can have mineral prizes worth tens of trillions of dollars. The smallest known metallic asteroid that is an accessible near-Earth object has 40 times as much metal as all the metal in Earth's history, Lewis pointed out. He has joined Planetary Resources as perhaps the most recognized expert on asteroid wealth.
There's platinum in thar rocks
Knowing what asteroid wealth consists of depends on incomplete but enticing scientific surveys. Scientists sitting on Earth can detect chemical signatures of asteroids based on reflected light, or directly sample space rocks fallen to Earth as meteoroids. Japan has carried out the only successful space mission to retrieve asteroid samples in space, but the U.S. is planning its own asteroid sample and retrieval missions.
An M-class asteroid about 79-feet (24-meter) long could have as much as 33,000 tons of extractable metal and possibly one ton of platinum group metals. The platinum alone could be easily worth about $50 million dollars in Earth's commodity markets, according to studies cited by the paper "Assessment on the feasibility of future shepherding of asteroid resources" in the April-May issue of the journal Acta Astronautica.
Such platinum-group metals represent the main prize for Earth markets, said Joan-Pau Sanchez, a researcher in the Advanced Space Concepts Laboratory at the University of Strathclyde in the UK. He coauthored the Acta Astronautica paper.
"Platinum-group metals (PGMs) are likely to be the only material from asteroids that will prove economically viable to be transported back to Earth's commodity markets," Sanchez told InnovationnewsDaily. "PGMs are in high demand, and will be even more in the future."
Turning space rocks into riches
But the Planetary Resources group has its eyes on more than just platinum to strike it rich, Lewis said. He described using asteroid metals to build huge space stations or even space solar power stations for beaming energy down to Earth.
That could come from the abundant S-class asteroids — about 40 percent of the near-Earth objects — which hold metals, semiconductors, and even oxygen or water. One 79-foot (24-meter) asteroid of the S-class could provide 1,100 to 4,400 tons of iron for building the structural support for a huge solar array capable of making a gigawatt of power (as much as a large power plant) for either space stations or Earth, according to the Acta Astronautica paper.
A similar-size hydrated carbonaceous asteroid could hold a million liters of water (enough to fill half a million soft drink bottles). That would fall under the second big market envisioned by Planetary Resources — harvesting asteroid resources for use as rocket propellants, drinking water and oxygen to support space exploration missions.
"The billionaires who are standing behind this right now are not doing this for fun and recreation," Lewis said. "They see it as a great economic value in the long run, and I'm not surprised if more than one wants to make a dime out of it."
You can follow InnovationNewsDaily Senior Writer Jeremy Hsu on Twitter @ScienceHsu. Follow InnovationNewsDaily on Twitter @News_Innovation, or on Facebook.
The artifact was placed in its center with various rubies surrounding it. The summoning circle was now complete.
Weiss was knelt down just at its border with her fingers upon the line. She was ready. The Command Seals on the back of her hand was more than enough to confirm this. The first verse of the summoning ritual was recited:
“Silver and iron to the origin.
Gem and the archduke of contracts to the cornerstone.
The alighted wind becomes a wall.”
Ozpin would only watch in worry of his friend repeating the very scene he himself had been in many years ago. However, he would not stop him. This man's resolve was unchangeable. Ironwood remained focused on the task ahead of him.
“The gates in the four directions close,
Coming from the crown,
The three-forked road that leads to the kingdom circulate.”
With that verse over, he began to open up his Magic Circuits.
Jaune could feel a hot iron rod enter his spine as he did this. He groaned and punched the ground at the searing and blazing pain, but he would not allow himself to stop. The summoning circle began to glow as he uttered the next few lines.
“Shut, fill. Shut, fill. Shut, fill. Shut, fill. Shut, fill.
Repeat every five times.
Simply, shatter once filled.”
Various priests watched in awe as the prana swirled in the air and raged out in the room. Some even cast worried gazes to Blake, but she remained calm as she continued.
“I announce.
Your self is under me, my fate is in your sword. “
Mercury could not believe what he was seeing. He yelled out something to Emerald to which she ignored.
“In accordance with the approach of the Holy Grail,
If you abide by this feeling, this reason,
Then answer.”
The prana began to course through his Magic Circuits. Roman felt more power than he had ever before. This was the power of the Throne of Heroes. This was the power of the Holy Grail. This was the power he wanted.
“Here is my oath.
I am the one who becomes all the good of the world of the dead,
I am the one who lays out all the evil of the world of the dead.”
Adam poured even more of his prana into the summoning circle. His magical circuits began to overflow and burn through body as the wind of the prana slashed him various times. This pain was resisted.
“Yet, thou serves with thine eyes clouded in chaos.
Thou, bound in the cage of madness. I am he who command those chains.”
Her Command Seal glowed a brilliant white. Weiss could see the noble light, the personification of the heroic, the bringer of miracles appears before her. Her hand balled up into a fist as she announced the final verse.
“You,
Seven heavens clad in three words of power,
Arrive from the ring of deterrence,
O keeper of the balance!”
The prana let out one last wild torrent before softening into a calm wind.
The righteous light began to gather. Those who had defied fate, those who had fought for the downtrodden, those who had journeyed far and wide, those who had etched their names in history, those who are known as ‘Heroic Spirits' manifested in the center of the summoning circle.
For Weiss, a being in black robes stood. Its black cloak slowly turned red before removing it removed its hood thus revealing the face of a young girl.
For Ironwood, a homunculus looked about everywhere with much curiosity.
For Jaune, a soldier in armor removed her helmet. She held out her hand to he who had fallen back.
For Blake, a beast roared as its master punched her fist into her palm with a confident smile.
For Emerald, she could see her staring at both of them with her golden eyes piercing the room's darkness.
For Roman, there was a figure in shadows. A light shined thus revealing a young woman with an ornate dagger in hand and smirking arrogantly at him.
For Adam, a warrior stood hunched and growling with anger.
And thus these Servants all spoke to their other:
”I ask of you:
Are you my Master?”
CHAMPAIGN — The picture of a proposed $95 million development in downtown Champaign started to become clearer at Tuesday's city council meeting.
The north high-rise would be split between upscale apartments and 150 hotel rooms. The south high-rise would be business space, bordered by a new children's museum. The area between the high rises would house a 600-space parking garage.
Locally-owned and mom-and-pop-type retailers would be on the first floor along Walnut Street. Along Washington Street, the plans call for a convention center, which would use the current home of the Orpheum Children's Science Museum as a meeting space.
Project developer Hans Grotelueschen said the preliminary design is based on initial market studies, and the current renderings are able to accommodate all of the proposed development. Still, they're not final.
"We don't want to put the cart before the horse too much," said Grotelueschen, who also developed the Hyatt Place hotel downtown. These renderings "can accommodate the size, scale and scope of what we would like to do without doing it in full."
The project became a step closer to reality after the city council unanimously directed staff to start working on an agreement to sell the project's site — a city parking lot — to Grotelueschen.
"Wow. I wish my dad were here to see this," councilman Paul Faraci said.
"It's visionary," councilwoman Marci Dodds said.
"This is the kind of development that no community our size elsewhere in the state of Illinois is having. This is an unheard of level of development in most American cities of our size," councilman Tom Bruno said.
The development was one of three presentations by the planning department Tuesday night. The other two were tax increment finance districts — in Bristol Park, and around the fringe of downtown. Planning and Development Director Bruce Knight said this project would help drive the other developments.
Council members Will Kyles and Clarissa Fourman expressed a desire for mixed-income and affordable housing near the project, for people who work downtown but can't afford high-end rents.
"We want to use this project as an engine to create other opportunities," Knight said. He said those opportunities included more development to accommodate other types of housing and businesses.
Dodds said all of the projects are related to each other, and the building helps drive the other two TIF districts. She said it's important for the city to look at other projects that could help fuel even more growth, such as a downtown plaza and the development of the Neil Street corridor between Interstate 74 and downtown.
"The city needs to step up, too. We need to walk in tandem with this project," Dodds said.
Researchers turn their attention to Plasmodium vivax, an ill-understood parasite that causes most malaria cases outside of Africa.
By Rajendrani Mukhopadhyay
The year 2010 saw 216 million cases of malaria and an estimated 655,000 deaths from the disease, according to the World Health Organization's 2011 World Malaria Report. Ninety-one percent of the deaths occurred in tropical regions of Africa, and an overwhelming 86 percent of the dead were children under 5 years old. The most likely culprit of those cases was the parasite Plasmodium falciparum. Given its lethality, much research has been done over the past 40 years to try to wipe out the pathogen.
But P. falciparum is not the only parasite that causes deadly malaria: Plasmodium vivax is another that puts about 3 billion people living in other parts of the world at risk of contracting malaria. But because of the intense focus on P. falciparum's ravages in Africa, malaria researchers say efforts to understand P. vivax malaria have been sorely neglected.
Malaria researchers say that the ignorance has to be rectified. P. vivax is rampant in Asia, South America and the southern Pacific. Ivo Mueller at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Australia rattles off a few numbers to make the point: In Brazil, P. vivax accounts for 90 percent of malaria cases. In China, P. vivax causes between 80 and 90 percent of malaria cases. “There is no way, if you do malaria research outside of Africa, for you to ignore that parasite,” Mueller says.
But working with P. vivax is much more challenging than working with P. falciparum. Lee Hall, chief of parasitology and international programs at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, says the obstacles to studying P. vivax became grimly apparent when the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation's call to arms in 2007 for malaria eradication got researchers thinking deeply about how to achieve the goal. “There are a lot of scientific and technical hurdles that are still significant impediments. The clinical aspects too are quite challenging,” he says. If malaria eradication is to be achieved, says Hall, the scientific, technical and clinical issues surrounding P. vivax have to be understood. And therein lies the problem.
A mosquito-eradication campaign in Iran showed that mosquitoes eventually developed resistance against insecticides. This image was taken in 1958 in Iran when a World Health Organization team went to help the Institute of Parasitology and Malariology in Tehran organize field tests in the city of Shiraz, where mosquitoes were reported to be resistant. Image credit: Philip Boucas/World Health Organization
Neglect of a parasite
Malaria is a disease defined by chills, sweating and fevers brought on by the bursting of red blood cells and the possible release of toxins produced by Plasmodia parasites. Five parasites have been identified so far to cause malaria in humans: P. falciparum, P. vivax, P. malariae, P. ovale and P. knowlesi. The parasites are transmitted from person to person by the Anopheles genus of mosquito.
Current distribution analyses of pathogenic Plasmodium species in humans shows that P. falciparum is more prevalent in tropical regions, while P. vivax is more prevalent in South America. Both parasites are prevalent in southeastern Asia and the western Pacific.
P. malariae can occur in all areas stricken with malaria, but its appearance is usually low. P. ovale is widespread mostly in tropical Africa, whereas P. knowlesi infection so far is known to occur only in certain forested areas of southeast Asia, such as in Malaysia.
Throughout the 20th century, P. falciparum infections were known as “malignant” malaria. In contrast, P. vivax infections got slapped with the unfortunate adjective “benign.” The word gave the impression that P. vivax didn't send its victims to the grave. But that is not true. “The fatality rate with falciparum tends to be higher, but it doesn't mean that vivax malaria is a benign disease,” says Mueller. “Vivax kills as well, just not as often.”
The notion that P. vivax wasn't as dangerous as P. falciparum twisted its clinical record. There is speculation among malaria researchers that, as a result of colonial rule and medical standards of the day, medical doctors in India and other regions in the 19th and 20th centuries were not allowed to attribute the cause of death to P. vivax malaria, says Rhoel Dinglasan at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health. They had to list a different infection simply because the conventional wisdom was that a P. vivax infection could not be lethal.
P. vivax's neglect is also compounded by the fact that it is a trickier organism to study than P. falciparum. It has, thus far, eluded all efforts to be cultured stably in vitro. “We've been able to culture Plasmodium falciparum since the mid- to late 1970s. Because we can culture it, we have a huge arsenal of molecular and other tools,” says Mueller. The availability of P. falciparum in in vitro cultures means researchers can isolate large amounts of the parasite at close to 100 percent purity.
The lack of in vitro systems for P. vivax forces malarial researchers to purify the parasite from blood samples taken from patients. To confound matters, P. vivax infects only reticulocytes, which are young red blood cells that make up about 1 percent to 2 percent of a person's total blood cell count. So the amount of parasite circulating through an infected person's system is very low. The best researchers can do is to get about 80 percent purity with their preparations.
The lack of culturing methods also means that drug development against P. vivax is hard, says Mueller. For P. falciparum, in vitro assays allow researchers to screen libraries of potential drugs against the possible targets in the parasite. P. vivax lacks those in vitro assays, so drug screening is hard to do.
In short, malarial researchers studying P. vivax are in a tough spot. “Progress in vivax research is slower than in falciparum research,” says Mueller. “It takes more effort and more money to get the same kind of results as you would get for falciparum.”
In the microscopy laboratory at Cambodia's National Center for Malaria, personnel look at blood slides for malaria. Image credit: World Health Organization.
Drugs and vaccines
In the current effort to eradicate malaria (there were other malaria eradication campaigns in the 20th century that failed), the Gates Foundation and other agencies have devoted resources in the past five years to develop new drugs to treat malaria cases and vaccines to halt the transmission of the parasites. For drugs and vaccines against P. vivax, the challenges are several-fold. One is P. vivax's biology.
The parasite has several stages in its lifecycle that happen in different places in the mosquito and human bodies. The human blood circulation system is one such location. To date, clinicians have been able to treat P. vivax's blood stages with common malarial drugs, because the parasite has not yet acquired the same kind of resistance P. falciparum has. But it may not remain so easy. “We can still treat vivax in many parts of the world with chloroquine, although choroquine resistance in vivax is rising,” notes Mueller.
Unlike P. falciparum, which lives out the human part of its lifecycle in the blood, P. vivax has a dormant stage while it is in the human liver. Even if the blood-circulating form of P. vivax gets cleared out by drugs, the parasite can continue to lurk hidden deep inside the liver, and the person carrying the dormant P. vivax doesn't show any symptoms of malaria. Then, by an unknown mechanism, the parasite bursts forth anywhere between a few months to several years after initial infection, infects the reticulocytes and causes the patient to relapse with malaria. Mosquitoes pick up the parasites from infected people and spread them, continuing the cycle of transmission.
Mario Henry Rodriguez-Lopez at the National Institute of Public Health in Mexico says this dormant form of P. vivax is a major problem. He describes how patients get treated with chloroquine for the blood forms but 10 percent of those patients end up relapsing, because the dormant P. vivax emerges from the liver and sets off another cycle of infection. In contrast, P. falciparum doesn't have a dormant stage, so it always can be targeted in the blood with drugs, assuming it hasn't acquired resistance to those drugs.
A drug called primaquine attacks P. vivax when it's in the liver, but the drug has some serious drawbacks. Primaquine can't be administered to children and pregnant women and can be toxic to people with a deficiency in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, an enzyme found in red blood cells. In developed countries, patients with P. vivax infections can be tested for the deficiency, but in developing countries, where resources are scarce, testing for the enzyme deficiency is an added economic and public health burden.
The second problem with primaquine is related to dosing. Like an antibiotic, it needs to be taken for seven to 14 days, even if the symptoms of infection are gone. “You try to get somebody to take a seven-day drug when they no longer feel sick! We don't manage to do that,” says Mueller. He adds that a drug being developed, tafenoquine (an analog to primaquine), needs to be taken for only a couple of days. But it still doesn't get around the problem of the patients who have the enzyme deficiency.
With the current limited arsenal of drugs, a country like Mexico faces the following scenario: “In the last six or seven years, we haven't had any falciparum cases. But what remains is Plasmodium vivax,” says Rodriguez-Lopez, because the dormant liver form eludes treatment and keeps spreading.
Malaria eradication efforts in the 20th century focused on killing mosquitoes to stop the transmission. In Africa, P. falciparum is transmitted mainly through the mosquito Anopheles gambaie. But going after just the mosquitoes has proved to be ineffective. There are 500 known Anopheles species; to date, 40 of them have been studied, and all 40 carry Plasmodium. Even though it has a penchant for Anopheles gambaie, P. falciparum lets other Anopheles mosquitoes carry it. P. vivax appears to be even more promiscuous and can be carried by several mosquito species. Going after all Anopheles mosquitoes would be akin to herding cats.
One angle researchers, including Dinglasan at Johns Hopkins, have taken with vaccine development is to block the transmission of P. vivax. He and his group have been searching for ligands in the microvilli of the mosquito midgut, where the parasite stays during one part of its lifecycle. They identified a protein called alanyl aminopeptidase N and are pursuing it as a vaccine antigen to prevent transmission broadly, irrespective of the mosquito or parasite species. The idea is to immunize people with alanyl aminopeptidase N so that they develop antibodies against the molecule. When the mosquito sucks up blood from these immunized people, the blood will contain those N antibodies, which will interfere with the parasite's development in the mosquito midgut.
But Dinglasan and others are still not sure how effective the strategy will be, because there are too many cautionary tales in malaria eradication. Already, Dinglasan says, with the vaccine his group is pursuing, they have data to show that the antibodies elicited against the antigen have different effects on the different parasites. “The molecule we're targeting for the vaccine blocks 98 percent of the vivax parasites from invading the mosquito midgut, but there is enough variation or polymorphisms in the phenotype of invasion that they can potentially bypass” the antibodies, he says. “The same concentration of antibody blocks 100 percent of falciparum infections in mosquitoes in Cameroon, but it doesn't block 100 percent of the vivax infections in mosquitoes in Thailand.”
Another vaccine-development approach is to exploit P. vivax's fondness for the Duffy antigen, a membrane glycosylated protein on red blood cells that acts as a nonspecific receptor for chemokines. People missing the Duffy antigen for genetic reasons appear to be resistant to P. vivax. This is interesting, says Hall, because “the population in large parts of Africa is Duffy negative. That explains why you don't find a lot of Plasmodium vivaces in large parts of Africa.”
The parasite expresses a Duffy antigen binding protein, and this is another protein that Hall says researchers are going after in hopes of developing a vaccine. “By interfering with binding of the Duffy binding protein to the Duffy antigen, the idea is you can block invasion and possibly have a malaria vaccine against vivax,” explains Hall. “We'll find out whether it works.” He cautions that the parasite's invasion is a complex process that involves other antigens, so the Duffy antigen tactic may not pan out.
Outlook
If the Gates Foundation's 2007 call for complete malaria eradication is to be achieved, malaria researchers say they have an uphill battle ahead of them in understanding the ways in which the other malarial parasites function. But Dinglasan, Rodriguez-Lopez and Mueller say it's encouraging that funding agencies now are giving more emphasis to these parasites. And some progress is being made.
In 2012, the P. vivax genome was sequenced and shown to have more polymorphisms than that of P. falciparum. The diversity of single-nucleotide polymorphisms, for example, suggests that P. vivax is more functionally variable. The genome, says Hall, can act as a roadmap for exploring biochemical and molecular mechanisms to halt P. vivax.
But researchers focused on the disease outside of Africa insist that more needs to be done to tackle P. vivax and give the parasite the same level of attention as P. falciparum. Dinglasan says, “I am a card-carrying member of the malaria-eradication bandwagon. I clearly acknowledge that if we are ever to meet the goal of eradication, we cannot simply focus on falciparum malaria.”
Rajendrani Mukhopadhyay (rmukhopadhyay@asbmb.org) is the senior science writer for ASBMB Today and the technical editor for The Journal of Biological Chemistry. Follow her on Twitter (www.twitter.com/rajmukhop), and read her ASBMB Today blog, Wild Types.
Welcome to the 9th CX's Weiss Schwarz deck techs! For this article, we'll be looking at a winning deck list: Sword Art Online!
The deck list can be viewed here. Like Madoka, this set has been released in English, so the English card names will be used. Sword Art Online is due for a second set on April 25th 2014. However, there are some North American qualifiers before the set's release, and it is possible that this list will still be relevant after April 25th. Until then though, we have this deck to look at as an example of a winning list. SAO 2 has since been released, but that does not necessarily mean that the list here is incapable of winning games.
Now the breakdown!
SAO
Cards – 50
Level 0 – 17
3 Asuna's Married Life (SAO/S20-008)
4 Asuna Lays on the Sofa (SAO/S20-003)
4 Lisbeth's Professional Pride (SAO/S20-050)
2 Silica's Unyielding Trust (SAO/S20-051)
2 Mysterious Girls, Yui (SAO/S20-076)
2 Kirito in the Battlefield (SAO/S20-079)
Level 1 – 15
2 Vice Commander, Asuna (SAO/S20-010)
2 Asuna Takes Shelter (SAO/S20-011)
4 Asuna Invites to Party (SAO/S20-001)
3 Self-sacrifice (SAO/S20-022)
4 Lisbeth Changes Clothes (SAO/S20-052)
Level 2 – 0
Level 3 – 10
4 Asuna's Commanding Strength (SAO/S20-007)
4 Leafa's Pure Wish (SAO/S20-027)
2 Like a Younger Sister, Silica (SAO/S20-047)
CX – 8
4-Star Splash (SAO/S20-024)
4 Sought Warmth (SAO/S20-072)
At level 0, we have 17 characters.
Asuna's Married Life gives +500 power to characters in front, and when you play a CX, you can give a character you control +1000 power for the turn.
Asuna Lays on the Sofa is a 3500 character. She reveals the top card of the deck, and in this list, if you reveal a CX or an event, it goes to your clock.
Lisbeth's Professional Pride is a level 0 reverser, with an Accelerate ability that gives a [Weapon] character you control +2500 power for the turn.
Silica's Unyielding Trust is a character with Brainstorm that salvages a character for each CX revealed. (Payment is 1 stock and rest two characters)
Mysterious Girl, Yui, has a filtering ability that lets you pay 1 stock to draw and discard a card. You can also rest it and another character to give a character +1000 power until the end of your opponent's next turn.
When you play Kirito in the Battlefield, you can pay 1 and discard a card to tutor for an [Avatar] character.
Level 0 in SAO, like any good level 0, has a great diversity of effects. However, there are some effects that scale very well into level 1 and beyond. The supporting Asuna has a fairly standard effect, but in multiples, can ensure that almost any attack against characters of equal or lesser level will be won with a CX. Lisbeth giving a 2500 power boost is also very respectable, as it allows you to trade single damage for a character. The Silica is there to Brainstorm and to help burn through the deck to improve compression, and Yui can filter out excess CXs in the hand. The ideal time for Kirito is any time after the first turn, to get what you need at the time (or setup for level 2), and ideally trade with another level 0. Asuna Lays on the Sofa is the only real combat-worthy character, though.
At level 1, we have a big 15 cards: 12 characters and 3 events.
Vice Commander, Asuna, is a card with a Backup ability. It gives a character you control +1000 power. If you have two or more [Avatar] or [Net] characters in play, you can repeat this effect, even on the same character.
Asuna Takes Shelter has an interesting ‘snowball' ability. Whenever it reverses another character in battle, you can put the top card of your deck under it as a marker. For each marker, it gets +1500 power and +1 level. (The markers stay face-down, and you can't check them while it's in play.)
Asuna Invites to Party gets +1000 power if you have three or more other [Avatar] or [Net] characters, and has a CX combo with Star Splash. When it attacks, you may pay 1 and tutor for an [Avatar] or [Net] character.
If you should ever feel the need to sacrifice your waifu (HOW COULD YOU), it will cost you 1 stock to give an [Avatar] or [Net] character +3500 power for the turn. Note that because this is an event, the card is subject to color requirements.
Lisbeth Performs Fanservice Changes Clothes gets +500 power for each other [Avatar] or [Net] character you control.
The level 1 for SAO is quite powerful. Instead of focusing on disrupting the opponent with cards that might trigger on Salvage effects, for example, it adopts a very focused linear approach that tutors for characters, and defends the front line with powerful Backup effects. Asuna Takes Shelter is a particularly opportunistic card that is one of the best ways to punish an opponent that has gotten you to level 1 first. After taking down only one character, it will be a 6000 power level 2 character, which makes it effectively immune to level reversers. In addition, Self-sacrifice can keep it very safe, and just the threat of having to attack into a 9500 power character (only to make it bigger if it fails), can effectively cut down your opponent's opportunities for attacking. Because of the level increase as well, it becomes very difficult to side attack. Asuna Invites to Party is the core of the level 1 though, as it has a very powerful tutor effect. If you are able to use the effect more than once, it practically guarantees that your level 2 will be able to play to Leafa's Pure Wish. Lisbeth Changes Clothes is usually going to be a 1/0 6500 power character, provided there are no boosts behind it.
At level 2 we have … nothing??
But wait! There are still things to play at level 2!
At level 2, if you have 5 or fewer cards left in the deck, you can play Leafa's Pure Wish.
Leafa's Pure Wish gets -1 level if you have 5 or fewer cards left in your deck. It gives your other characters +1500 power, and you can pay 1 and discard a character to give it +3000 power and unable to be targeted by your opponent until the end of their next turn.
Leafa's Pure Wish is arguably the most powerful card in Sword Art Online. It has the opportunity to be played a full level earlier than it ‘should' be, and gives a massive boost to your other characters. It also has the ability to protect itself for the low cost of a character card in hand and one stock. 13000 power before level 3 is not impossible, but very difficult to get.
For level 3, we have 10 characters, but ideally, only 6.
Asuna's Commanding Strength has a Heal ability. When it attacks, you can pay 1 and discard a card to give all your [Avatar] characters +500 power and +1 soul until the end of turn. This effect will include itself!
妹 Silica Like a Younger Sister, Silica also has a Heal ability. Its CX combo is not present in this deck.
Level 3 is all about the Heal abilities. Asuna's Commanding Strength shows up as a way to boost your other characters soul values without the need of a CX. For this deck, Silica is only a Heal ability.
The CX split is 4/4, and both are 1k1 effects.
Sought Warmth has a Door trigger, and Star Splash has a Bounce trigger.
How do we play this deck?
This Red/Yellow/Leafa build is fairly linear. The main game plan early on is to search for the characters that will transition to the early and then late game. Six cards in the early levels search for characters, and the Silica's Unyielding Trust can both Salvage and enable an early Leafa's Pure Wish.
The level 1 for this deck can look a couple of different ways. One way that it can function is to focus on searching for characters with Asuna Invites to Party. It can also use Asuna Takes Shelter and snowball an unbelievably large character into the late game. Asuna Takes Shelter, though it may end up tucking away a CX, so long as it has at least three markers under it, this is more than OK. This is because it has contributed to superior compression; 3 cards to stock, 3 cards out of the opponent's hand, and 3 cards under it.
Because all the CXs have 1k1 effects, it ensures the greatest and most consistent possible damage (2 at a time).
At level 2, ideally the deck will have a spare Leafa to put into clock, and at least one in hand to play. It can use Silica to pare down the deck size, or even use it to Salvage a Leafa to play.
At level 3, it's all about closing the game with out the need for CX abilities. Asuna and Silica both Heal you down to a ‘safe' range. (3/0 to 3/2 are generally relatively ‘safe', especially if you have a full center stage)The Asuna can amp up her damage to close a game by ensuring that only one attack needs to hit to end it.
What does this deck not do well? How do we beat it?
The only Heal effects for this deck are present at level 3. All damage that sticks to it early on, will stay. Stay about even on damage with the deck as long as possible at level 0, and speed the deck through level 1 and 2. 1k1 effects are good for doing this, though +2 soul is also viable, though a bit more risky.
If at level 1 the deck has a full center stage, call down the “what-if” as much as possible. If the opponent has a Backup effect, then he or she does. If not, then he or she loses the character. When attacking, make sure that the difference in power is greater than 2000 if possible. If you align your attacks to merely trade with the opponent, they can potentially spend 1 stock and 2 cards (Vice Commander, Asuna + Self-sacrifice) to remove your entire center stage – an absolute disaster.
Bounce triggers are very good against threats that are difficult to answer, such as an Asuna Takes Shelter with more than 3 markers under it, or a Leafa's Pure Wish that did not use its ability. However, the effectiveness of Bounce triggers wanes in the late game because making the opponent reuse a Heal effect is quite risky (unless he or she doesn't have the stock to replay the card).
This deck can also randomly die to inferior compression if its Asuna Takes Shelter hides too many CXs as markers. However, this is not really a reliable way to force more damage, as each character reversed by Asuna Takes Shelter can be thought of as an attack for 1 soul; it's usually going to hit and not be a CX. Do not feed the Asuna!
Questions? Comments? Have an idea for another article? Send us an email at theninthcx AT gmail DOT com! Thanks for reading!
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Major League Baseball is investigating reports that Toronto Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar wore eye black displaying a gay slur written in Spanish during a recent game.
At least one photo taken by Getty Images shows Escobar wearing the eye black with the slur during Saturday's game against the Boston Red Sox.
Getty Images confirmed the photo's authenticity to ESPN.com's Keith Law.
MLB spokesman Pat Courtney confirmed to ESPN.com's Jerry Crasnick and The Associated Press that the commissioner's office is looking into the reports.
"The Toronto Blue Jays do not support discrimination of any kind nor condone the message displayed by Yunel Escobar during Saturday's game," the Blue Jays said in a statement Monday night, adding the club "takes this situation seriously and is investigating the matter."
The team said Escobar will be available to the media Tuesday
afternoon at Yankee Stadium along with general manager Alex
Anthopoulos, manager John Farrell and coach Luis Rivera.
One of Escobar's agents declined to comment when reached by Crasnick on Monday.
Escobar, 29, played the entire game Saturday but was scratched from the lineup Sunday due to flu-like symptoms.
ESPN.com's Jerry Crasnick, Keith Law and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Former Husky football and basketball star Nate Robinson is reportedly having a tryout with the Seattle Seahawks today.
Former Husky football and basketball star Nate Robinson had a tryout with the Seattle Seahawks Monday as he attempts to make real a dream to play in the NFL after a lengthy NBA career.
The Seattle Times confirmed through a league source an earlier Washington Post report of Robinson trying out with the Seahawks as a defensive back.
The Seahawks have a full 90-man roster and would need to make a move to add Robinson to the roster. Indications are that Robinson is not expected to sign with the team now but the Seahawks will keep Robinson on their radar if something changes down the road. It is common for teams to bring in free agents for workouts at just about any time of the year.
Robinson, who turned 32 last month, said in March he hoped to give football a try after having been released by the New Orleans Pelicans last fall. The 5-foot-9 Robinson last played football at UW in 2002 before turning to basketball.
“You ask people around here they'll know, Nate Robinson, his best sport is football,” Robinson said in March in a video announcing his intention to give football a try. “People tell me all the time, if anybody can do it, go play football, it's you.”
Robinson, who attended Rainier Beach High and is the son of 1980s UW running back Jacque Robinson, signed a football letter-of-intent with UW in 2002, at the time also intending to walk-on to the basketball program.
Robinson played in all 13 UW football games as a true freshman in 2002, starting the final six at cornerback, highlighted by a game-turning interception in the Apple Cup, an eventual 29-26 Washington win in triple overtime.
Robinson then turned to basketball and was a member of the All-Pac-10 Freshman team in 2002-03. The following spring he decided to stop playing football and concentrate on basketball, playing two more seasons at UW and then declaring for the NBA draft following the 2004-05 season.
He played 618 NBA games for eight teams, suiting up last for New Orleans, for whom he made two appearances last season before being waived in October. He later played in Israel. His best season was in 2008-09 when he scored 17.2 points per game for the New York Knicks. He was also a three-time NBA Slam Dunk champion.
Robinson's time away from football is among several factors that have some calling his bid to play football a long shot. Another in regards to getting on the Seattle roster is the team's depth at defensive back, where the re-signing in the off-season of cornerback Jeremy Lane and the return of veteran Brandon Browner have had some observers saying this could be the deepest the Seahawks have been in the secondary since 2013.
The situation in Puerto Rico is desperate. Hurricane Maria has wreaked havoc on the island, destroying thousands of homes and businesses. To date, many residents lack access to clean water and many basic services.
The question facing this nation is how can we best help the people of Puerto Rico, and get them back on their feet as quickly as possible. Sadly, this task is made more difficult, because the commonwealth is already facing a massive, $120 billion debt crisis.
ADVERTISEMENT
One of the biggest problems facing Puerto Rico is the electric grid. The wires, poles and other infrastructure that delivers electricity across the island was badly damaged by the hurricane. In our modern society, without access to reliable electricity, it is impossible to return to the everyday routines of normal life. Until this is remedied, the suffering in Puerto Rico will only worsen.
It is commendable that athletes, entertainers, faith leaders, governments and everyday people from around the world are lending a helping hand to the challenges facing Puerto Rico.
Which brings me to the recent statement by entrepreneur Elon Musk, that his company, Tesla, could rebuild the grid on the island and deliver reliable electricity generated from solar power. To Musk's credit, Tesla has already done this for other, smaller islands, including in Hawaii and Australia.
Undeniably, the people of Puerto Rico would be better off if their electricity were generated from clean solar power. To date, Puerto Rico has been highly reliant on oil to generate electricity, which produces pollution and creates challenges from cost fluctuations to spills.
However, my concern is that what Musk is offering could have unintended consequences, and may only delay what needs to be done for the people of Puerto Rico, to get them back on their feet as soon as possible.
While we know for a fact that the current grid in Puerto Rico is badly damaged, we do not yet know just how badly damaged it is, and what is salvageable and what needs to be replaced. Before we rush off to give any one entity the authority to rebuild the grid, shouldn't we have a better understanding of its current state? Tesla's offer might be the right one for Puerto Rico, but it might not and there are other challenges to consider in order to achieve a fully solar powered island.
In order to put rooftop solar on people's homes, their homes need to have structurally sound rooftops. Unfortunately, this is not the case for thousands of homes and businesses across Puerto Rico, due to the destructive winds generated by Hurricane Maria. It should also be noted that reports indicate that some large-scale solar power plants on the island were also destroyed. Installing solar does not necessarily improve Puerto Rico's ability to fare better during the next hurricane.
Also, as a former statewide elected official, I have learned to ask the question: Where will the billions of dollars come from required to rebuild the grid and create a solar infrastructure powerful enough to electrify the entire island?
Will this be a government sponsored infrastructure project or paid for by the private sector, and do the private sector sponsors have the required financing to fund such a project? It is questionable if Musk could get the funding, given the fact that when private sector entities have provided solar power to other entities, there has been a credit-worthy customer ready to pay its bills on time. Given the financial woes of Puerto Rico and the post-hurricane devastation, that isn't the case in the commonwealth.
I do not doubt the private sector's desire, effort, or sincerity to rebuild Puerto Rico's electric grid. I know they are made with the best of intentions. But good intentions alone are the last thing the people of Puerto Rico need. Rather, a plan based on what can be realistically accomplished as soon as possible is what is desperately needed.
Michael Steele served as lieutenant governor of Maryland from 2003 to 2007 and as the chairman of the Republican National Committee from 2009 to 2011.
Who was gutsy enough to load up on Bank of America BAC, +0.89% stock when it collapsed in late 2011?
Allan Mecham, that's who.
Reuters
The so-called 400% Man, a nickname that refers to his astounding returns since the turn of the century, is the manager of the private wealth fund Arlington Value in Salt Lake City, Utah.
In his most recent annual report to Arlington's investors, Mecham reveals he made big profits for investors last year on a bold move into the bank everybody loves to hate: Bank of America stock, which slumped as low as $5, has since rocketed to $12.
Mecham tells investors that his interest in the stock was piqued by the actions of chief executive Brian Moynihan, who behind the headlines is busy undoing a lot of the damage caused by the previous management's undisciplined over-expansion.
“Just as prior management embarked on an unwieldy strategy of growing bigger,” Mecham writes, Moynihan “set the opposite course—diligently selling assets, cutting costs, reducing leverage, simplifying the business, and getting back to old-school banking values. In essence, [Bank of America] has grown stronger by shrinking.” Moynihan's lesson from 2008: All things in moderation.
Mecham still likes Bank of America stock, even at current levels. He says the company's underlying strengths are being masked by leftover problems from the past, but that these are temporary and should clear in due course. When that happens, he believes the bank should earn $2 to $3 a share. That would represent a juicy earnings yield of 17% to 25% on the current stock price.
Mecham's fund held $34 million, or 18% of its assets, in Bank of America at the end of 2012.
The Bank of America stake was just one contributor to yet another successful year for Arlington. The fund earned a stellar 36%—or 29% net of fees—in 2012, way ahead of the 16% gain for Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
The fund has trounced market indexes since it was launched in 1999. In part that's due to Mecham's policy of tuning out all the noise on Wall Street and concentrating on company fundamentals. (I delved more deeply into Mecham's methodology last year in this profile for SmartMoney magazine.)
“The steady drumbeat of macro fears has caused many managers to question the virtues of old fashioned stock picking, suggesting that a plain vanilla bottoms-up approach is incomplete and dangerous,” Mecham wrote to his investors this year. “We hold the opposite view and question the wisdom of letting macro forecasts drive investment behavior. Our approach is akin to that of an NBA basketball player shooting clutch free-throws: We try to tune out the noxious crowd.”
Mecham's partner, Ben Raybould, told me last year that Mecham wants to get rid of the computers in their office, as they are a distraction. Mecham spends his time reading—mainly company filings, which he prints out, old-school.
You couldn't get further from the modern world of Wall Street, where everyone is supposed to be online and connected all the time, and where we are all drowning in data. Every time someone praises the Internet in my presence I am reminded of Darth Vader's scathing comment about the Death Star: “Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed.”
The fact that Mecham beats the Internet boys into a cocked hat, year after year, makes me want to cheer. It is proof that reason, contemplation and common sense can beat the fast, arrogant, obnoxious hustle of Wall Street. I mean this as no disrespect to Mecham, who is an exceptionally intelligent young man, but the most amazing part about Arlington is not his extraordinary virtues, but his ordinary ones.
The Bank of America stake was only one part of a successful year. Arlington also made a good turn in brokerage firm Jefferies & Co., buying stock cheaply when the company got caught up in the MF Global bankruptcy. It has since sold its position.
Arlington continues to hold an extraordinary stake in Warren Buffett's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, -0.01% , which accounted for 60% of the fund at year's end. “Not only is [Berkshire] unusual in strength and safety, it's also cheap—a nirvana-like combination,” Mecham writes. (Berkshire's stock rose around 25% in 2012—beating the broader market, but trailing Arlington.)
Few money managers would dare hold 60% of their fund in a single company, arguing that this would be too “risky.” Yet Mecham points out that Berkshire is a conglomerate which includes stakes in a large number of independent businesses, from Coca-Cola KO, +0.10% to Procter & Gamble PG, -0.63% to American Express AXP, +0.54% . If he had allocated the same money pro rata to all these different businesses, no one would even blink.
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
TR.OregonCavesNationalMonument.JPG
Inside Oregon Caves National Monument, where tours will start one month later this year.
(Jamie Francis/The Oregonian)
The tour season at Oregon Caves National Monument will begin one month later than in past years. Rather than a late March opening, tours will start Saturday, April 26, this year.
Tours will be offered through Nov. 2, 2014. Surface areas of the southern Oregon national monument are open year round.
The shorter tour season, according to a news release from the monument staff, will reduce the monument's operating costs during the slower, snowy months of the spring. This will allow the monument to concentrate available funds to offer tours during the busiest months of the year.
The shorter season will also help to protect the cave's hibernating bat population, should the spring weather turn cold and icy.
From March 22 through April 20, a ranger will be stationed at the Oregon Caves Visitor Center to answer visitor questions, provide orientation to above-ground activities and make available the exhibits and park films. On weekends the Oregon Caves Natural History book store will be open.
Public tours through the winding passages of the cave last 90 minutes. The tour fee is $8.50 for adults, $6 for youths ages 15 and under. For their safety, children must be at least 42 inches tall to enter the cave. Golden Age and Access Passports are honored: the cardholder receives half off the tour fee. Cave tour fees help to fund ranger guides and park projects that improve monument facilities and services.
More information about a visit to the monument and the 2014 operating season is available at the Oregon Caves National Monument's website.
Visitors planning a trip to the monument on Josephine County should be prepared for cool year-round cave temperatures (44 degrees Fahrenheit). The cave contains a sensitive, dimly lit environment with narrow passageways and steep stairs. Flashlights, food, beverages, gum, tobacco of any kind, bags and purses are not allowed. Cameras with flash units are permitted.
The historic Oregon Caves Chateau will open with food, lodging and gift shop services on May 8. For more information on cave tours call 541-592-2100. For lodging at the Chateau call 541-592-3400.
The National Park Service nationbal monument is 20 miles south of U.S. 199 and Cave Junction, via paved Oregon 46. It is surrounded by the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest.
-- Terry Richard
The first FF with CarPlay stays in Italy!
GT & Sport Cars
Maranello, September 8th 2014
The first FF equipped with the Apple CarPlay system has gone to an Italian client. Deliveries of the Ferraris sporting the innovative integrated Apple technology commenced over the last few days and the cars are now arriving at their final destinations and will hit the road all over the world. In Europe, they are bound for Germany, Great Britain, France and Switzerland while others have been dispatched to the United States and Japan.
Apple CarPlay is the smarter, safer and fun way to use iPhone in your car. An incredibly intuitive system, CarPlay allows you to make calls, use maps, listen to music and access messages with a single word or touch of the central display.
Apple CarPlay is also available for the Ferrari California T, the mid-front-engined V8 Turbo unveiled at the last Geneva Motor Show.
Ireland's Jason Smyth followed in the footsteps of Usain Bolt tonight by completing a London 2012 sprint double.
The 25-year-old, the fastest Paralympian in the world, added the 200 metres crown to his 100m title with another dominant display.
And he went a step further than the self-confessed Jamaican "living legend" by smashing the world record for the third time in four races at the Olympic Stadium.
The only one in the final to have gone under 22 seconds, this was on paper a formality for Smyth. And so it proved as the sprinter, who trains in Florida with Tyson Gay, the joint second-fastest man of all time, clocked 21.05 seconds, 0.90secs ahead of second place and 0.38s quicker than his old world best mark.
Russians Alexey Labzin and Artem Loginov were the men to fill the minor places.
Victory ensured the Derry athlete, who is visually impaired because of Stargardt disease, has successfully defended both T13 titles he won four years ago in Beijing.
Speaking after his latest victory, Smyth said: "I just tried to concentrate on what was in front of me not behind me. I crossed the line first and that's what is important."
As he received his gold medal from Lord Seb Coe, the comparisons with other legends of the track had begun but Smyth was keen to point out that he was not done yet.
Smyth said: “To be compared to Usain Bolt, who is probably the greatest athlete in the world at present, is a tremendous honour. I wouldn't call myself a Paralympic legend yet. I will look towards Rio and there is more to come from Jason Smyth yet.”
There was a time when the Department of Homeland Security wasn't enthusiastic about its drone fleet. Unmanned flying surveillance 'bots had the potential to freak out the public, top DHS science and technology officials worried. That time has evidently passed – particularly for smaller flying spies.
In the coming months, Fort Sill, Oklahoma will become a proving ground to learn what small surveillance drones can add to "first responder, law enforcement and border security scenarios," according to a recent solicitation to the country's various drone manufacturers. Each selected drone wil undergo five days' worth of tests as part of a new program from DHS' Science and Technology directorate, called Robotic Aircraft for Public Safety or, gloriously, RAPS.
Like many in the military experimenting with drone miniaturization, DHS is thinking small. The drones it wants to bring to Fort Sill will ideally be launched by hand, like the Army and Marines' Raven. They should weigh under 25 pounds. Assembly should take a matter of minutes, and training for their remote pilots and technician a matter of days. DHS isn't looking for drones that can loiter over an area for a long time: just 30 minutes to two hours, a hint that the department doesn't foresee drones becoming a primary surveillance tool. "Law enforcement operations, search and rescue, and fire and hazardous material spill response" are some of the potential drone missions the RAPS program envisions.
Still, it's something of a turnaround for DHS. Back in January 2011, Ruth Doherty, a DHS science & tech official, expressed skepticism about using drones to patrol for signs of terrorism or to protect big public events like the Super Bowl. "A case has to be made that they're economically feasible, not intrusive and acceptable to the public," Doherty told Danger Room at a D.C. conference. In addition to the potential public outcry, drones have been a headache for DHS at times. A DHS ground station in 2010 lost communications with one of the first Predators it used to surveil the southern U.S. border, and the department has had trouble finding enough pilots and technicians to operate its initial drone fleet.
Police shops around the country have only recently begun flying surveillance drones, owing in part to cumbersome Federal Aviation Administration restrictions designed to prevent the robots from slamming into commercial passenger aircraft. That could be an issue for DHS as well. The RAPS drones need a threshold altitude of 1000 feet, well into helicopter territory – above the tops of most skyscrapers – and comparable to the heights reached by "Flying Beer Keg" flown by the Miami-Dade police department.
DHS' second thoughts on drones may not be so surprising. In recent years, DHS has gotten interested in vastly expanding its surveillance capabilities, exploring cameras reminiscent of military ones that can spy on four square miles at once. And since it's generally cheaper to fly a small drone over a burning building, nuclear power plant or hostage situation than it is to hire and clear a manned plane or helicopter, it may only have been a matter of time before homeland security opened up to the domestic-drone boom.
Here comes the GSC Niconico Live Broadcast for April 2015! Sorry I didn't have time to do the color correction as I usually did so the color is pretty weird…. OTL
Nendoroid No.516 Nishikino Maki by Good Smile Company
figma 255 Shimamura Uzuki Cinderella Project Ver. by Max Factory
Nendoroid Angela Balzac by Good Smile Company
Nendoroid Yamato by Good Smile Company
PLMAX TK-01: Bravenwolf X by Max Factory
figma 256 Narukami Yu by Max Factory
figma Bruce Lee by Max Factory
figma Tohsaka Rin 2.0 Uniform Ver. by Max Factory
Nendoroid Shimamura Uzuki by Good Smile Company
Nendoroid Patchouli Knowledge by Good Smile Company
Nendoroid No.516 Nishikino Maki by Good Smile Company (more info)
figma 255 Shimamura Uzuki Cinderella Project Ver. by Max Factory (more info)
Nendoroid Angela Balzac by Good Smile Company
Nendoroid Yamato by Good Smile Company
PLMAX TK-01: Bravenwolf X by Max Factory
figma 256 Narukami Yu by Max Factory (more info)
figma Bruce Lee by Max Factory
figma Tohsaka Rin 2.0 Uniform Ver. by Max Factory
Nendoroid Shimamura Uzuki by Good Smile Company
Quentin Tarantino has accused Gawker Media of fabricating a news story about a leaked copy of his script “The Hateful Eight” in order to justify linking to a copy of it.
In a filing Monday in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles, Tarantino responded to Gawker's motion to dismiss his January 27 lawsuit claiming copyright infringement.
The incident in question arose in January after Tarantino complained to Deadline Hollywood that someone had leaked the scripted for his latest project when Gawker posted a story on its Defamer site titled “Here Is the Leaked Quentin Tarantino Hateful Eight Script”with a link to a third party website hosting the 146-page script.
Tarantino's attorneys said in the filing that the Defamer story had been “fabricated.”
“That the screenplay had merely leaked to a limited number of individuals within the confines of Hollywood was by that point already old news, having already been reported by Gawker and various other news outlets,” the filing said. “Gawker solicited and obtained a theretofore publicly unknown link to an anonymous download site that was storing and distributing to users infringing PDF copies of the complete copyrighted screenplay.
“Gawker then fabricated another, new ‘story' that the script had been made publicly available online solely so that Gawker could then trumpet to the world without impunity exactly where on the Internet the infringement was taking place.”
The filing noted that Gawker could have merely included the fact that the script was leaked and available on a file upload site without including any specific links. It said that Gawker had “crossed the journalistic line to become an active inducer of the illegal activity about which it was supposedly reporting. Gawker should be held culpable.”
Gawker said in a March 10 filing that Tarantino's suit should be dismissed because he hasn't alleged any actual copyright infringement but only “contributory” copyright infringement.
U.S. District Judge John Walter has scheduled a hearing in the case for April 14.
In September 2015 the Environmental Protection Agency found that many Volkswagen cars sold in the United States were equipped with software that could falsely improve the performance of diesel engines on emissions tests. This cheating was subsequently acknowledged by the carmaker.
Among the many issues at stake for the company was one of public perception. Anecdotal evidence at the time of the incident suggested irreparable harm to the Volkswagen brand. So could Volkswagen recover in the short term in this regard? And, the broader question, how can you measure brand perception in times of scandal, particularly in an era where social media can cause negative news to proliferate and reverberate over time?
Insight Center Measuring Marketing Insights Sponsored by Google Analytics 360 Suite Turning data into action.
In the absence of direct empirical evidence, we wanted to find a way to tackle this important issue. We began our research with some key questions: How does social media sentiment change as a consequence of a public relations crisis? How does the public react to recovery efforts initiated by the company? How do topics of conversation shift as a consequence of a brand scandal and subsequent recovery efforts?
We examined more than 100,000 tweets to analyze how the public sentiment changed over time after the breakout of the scandal. Our approach to capturing themes in the evolving scandal involved sampling a few date windows; therefore, we did not examine data for every single day. The following periods were selected: September 29, 2015–October 7, 2015; October 18, 2015–October 27, 2015; January 1, 2016–January 7, 2016; and January 17, 2016–January 25, 2016. These periods align with some of the events relating to the scandal, and also represent periods during and following the scandal. We explored the daily tweets from these periods by considering all possible events that might have affected the public sentiment over Volkswagen. Entire sets of tweets including the word “Volkswagen” were in our initial data set. We made several observations about how the scandal unfolded in the public conversation, broken out into the following categories.
Frequency. The number of times the scandal was mentioned on Twitter varied dramatically day by day, and the mentions seemed to parallel specific actions taken by Volkswagen to issue apologies or by regulatory agencies to place responsibility or issue punishments.
For example, after an article in The Guardian on September 30 revealed that the scandal has affected 1.2 million Volkswagen diesel vehicles, the number of tweets increased for the next two days. Subsequently, we observed a decrease in the range of number of tweets, from 5,000–7,000 to 1,000–2,000, except around January 6, which coincided with the following headline: “U.S. Sues Volkswagen in Diesel Emissions Scandal.”
Another exceptional surge in the number of tweets was on October 19, which could be explained by articles regarding the governments of France and Spain pushing the scandal investigations. We conjecture that the amount of tweets reflects the level of public interest in the scandal.
Vocabulary. We also identified the most-frequent words in tweets for each day by mining Twitter for all mentions of the brand name “Volkswagen” during the aforementioned time periods, including retweets. We then conducted topic modeling on the tweets using the text-mining library within the statistical program, excluding words that were obvious, and thus less meaningful in our analysis (“vehicle,” “Volkswagen,” and “car,” among others). We narrowed the number of words down to the five most frequently mentioned on each day. In some cases, when there were multiple words with similar frequencies, we had more than five words per day.
During the first period we studied, the words “new,” “news,” and “cheat” appeared most often across every single day in the window. Over the next few weeks, however, the word “cheat” fell off the list. We interpret this to mean people were focusing less on the “cheating” action of Volkswagen.
As more time went by, specific car models, such as Beetle and Jetta, were mentioned more frequently. We speculate that people tended to view Volkswagen as a whole during initial stages of the brand scandal, but as more information became available, and the company itself attempted to limit the damage stemming from the scandal to specific makes and models, the conversation shifted to a greater focus on specific models that are implicated in the scandal rather than the overall brand.
Other key moments included the German prosecutors launching an investigation into former Volkswagen CEO Martin Winterkorn in early October — “German,” “Germany,” and “Merkel” appeared more frequently on Twitter. This potentially represented a significant shift in the social media conversation as the company, along with regulatory agencies, focused on identifying who may be responsible for the brand scandal.
“CEO,” “January,” “recall,” and “start” were terms that appeared the most, coinciding with an announcement on October 7 that the recall of the affected vehicles that would start in January. This phase marked a turning point as the company initiated recovery efforts and mitigated the impact of the brand scandal on its customers. However, on January 4 the U.S. Department of Justice filed a complaint against the company, which is reflected above in orange.
Sentiment. Although we had a sense of what people were talking about, the tone of the tweets wasn't immediately clear. We used the Vader Sentiment Analysis software to calculate the sentiment values of each tweet. We counted the daily tweets that showed positive sentiment values, negative sentiment values, and neutral sentiment values, respectively, and derived the percentage of positive tweets, negative tweets, and neutral tweets relative to the total tweets of each day. As a result, we concluded that the daily percentage of negative tweets decreased as time went by. This overall trend is consistent with our previous results from using topic modeling on word-of-mouth communications.
We also calculated the average sentiment values for each day, which showed a rise from negative to positive.
What does this all mean? Here are our takeaways:
The volume of social media conversation tends to attain a high point immediately following a scandal. There are brief spurts in conversation later than regulatory agencies launch investigations, but these do not match the volume that is attained in the early periods.
The valence of social media conversation shifts dramatically, with brand sentiment becoming extremely negative immediately after the scandal incident. Following that, the sentiment shifts as the company initiates recovery efforts (e.g., apology, recall) and regulatory agencies attempt to place responsibility for the scandal on the company itself. These actions make the sentiment itself quite volatile. Ultimately, if the company's efforts at recovery are successful, the sentiment returns to a neutral state.
The topics that are discussed in social media change during the course of a brand scandal. Initially, there is a great deal of focus on the crisis itself, as conversations focus on the scope of the crisis. Following that, topics revolve around identifying who may be responsible. Different regulatory agencies become involved in the crisis, and their voices become prominent in social media conversations. This is followed by the company initiating recovery efforts, such as issuing apologies, initiating recalls, etc. In this stage, there is an attempt to limit the scope of the crisis incident to specific products within the brand's portfolio. As the scandal itself dies out, the social media conversation shifts to the broader topic of the brand and its future prospects.
Our analysis of the Volkswagen scandal offers useful insights regarding the management of a crisis incident. By analyzing the topics most frequently discussed, managers can better understand what consumers are discussing and apply appropriate recovery strategies.
One issue with our analysis is that data is not available for a longer time period. In other words, we do not evaluate all the data prior to the start of the recall incident and compare with the events that occurred as the scandal unfolded. A longer time period would help generate deeper insights. We are still in the early stages of text mining and sentiment analysis, but we believe that early findings can help firms optimize the time and costs associated with a brand crisis.
The biggest takeaway is that managers should immediately focus on recovery strategies following an incident, and aim to neutralize the negative sentiment surrounding the brand. In this way, managers can accelerate the shift in conversation from the incident itself and limit the potential damage.
We all know that nothing is going to happen to the CIA officials who violated the criminal law by torturing people. Even if they were prosecuted — a highly unlikely possibility given the power of the CIA in America's governmental structure — all they would do is say that they were following orders and protecting “national security.” Most federal judges would quickly let them off the hook. The few who wouldn't would give minor slaps on the wrist to these “patriots” who were just trying to keep us safe.
Once the furor over the torture scandal dies down, as it always does after the discovery of each new CIA scandal, the CIA will continue doing whatever it wants to do, in secret.
It's not just the CIA that is responsible for the criminal wrongdoing. Congress is just as responsible. After all, when a legislative body brings into existence a governmental agency that wields the omnipotent power to do whatever it deems necessary for “national security” and to do it in secret — and then keeps it in existence — then the legislative body is responsible for all the acts of that secret agency.
At any time since 1947, and especially since the end of the Cold War, Congress could have abolished the CIA. It chose not to do so, preferring instead to permit this omnipotent agency to continue operating in secret. That makes Congress equally responsible for the torture and all the other criminal acts committed by the CIA.
Consider what Harry Truman said about the CIA in his Washington Post op-ed 30 days after the John Kennedy assassination. Truman was the president who called the CIA into existence in 1947. Truman said that he intended to bring into existence an agency that would be involved only in gathering intelligence. Instead, he said that the CIA had gone far beyond its intended purpose. Here are his exact words in December 1963:
For some time I have been disturbed by the way CIA has been diverted from its original assignment. It has become an operational and at times a policy-making arm of the Government. This has led to trouble and may have compounded our difficulties in several explosive areas. I never had any thought that when I set up the CIA that it would be injected into peacetime cloak and dagger operations. Some of the complications and embarrassment I think we have experienced are in part attributable to the fact that this quiet intelligence arm of the President has been so removed from its intended role that it is being interpreted as a symbol of sinister and mysterious foreign intrigue—and a subject for cold war enemy propaganda…. But there are now some searching questions that need to be answered. I, therefore, would like to see the CIA be restored to its original assignment as the intelligence arm of the President, and that whatever else it can properly perform in that special field—and that its operational duties be terminated or properly used elsewhere. We have grown up as a nation, respected for our free institutions and for our ability to maintain a free and open society. There is something about the way the CIA has been functioning that is casting a shadow over our historic position and I feel that we need to correct it.
Since Truman's op-ed, we have experienced one horror story after another at the hands of the CIA—coups, assassinations, foreign meddling, torture, bribery, kidnapping, and who knows what else—it's all secret.
Should we follow Truman's advice and limit the CIA to intelligence-gathering?
Absolutely not. There is no way that the CIA would ever agree to such a limitation on its power. The cat is out of the bag. The only solution is to abolish it.
And after all, what was the original justification for bringing this totalitarian type agency into existence? It was to wage the Cold War against America's World War II partner and ally, the Soviet Union. In fact, as we have recently discovered, in order to wage that war the CIA secretly hired more than a thousand former Nazi officials — people who had faithfully served Adolf Hitler, including some who had participated in the Holocaust.
The CIA should never have been called into existence. A free society doesn't fight totalitarianism by embracing totalitarian methods. It fights totalitarianism by embracing freedom methods.
In any event, the original justification for the CIA expired a long time ago because the Cold War ended a long time ago. In fact, the CIA has done its best to revive it, so as to justify its continued existence.
Can the United States survive without the CIA? The real question is: Can the United States survive with the CIA, a dark-side, totalitarian agency that has the omnipotent power to do whatever it wants with impunity and in secret.
Free societies can survive without totalitarian governmental apparatuses. Such apparatuses destroy free societies.
Now would be a perfect time to move America down the road to freedom, peace, prosperity, harmony and limited government by abolishing the CIA. That's the only solution to the morass in which America finds herself.
Lord Acton said: Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
There is no better example of that principle than the CIA.
See also the following essays:
Why Not Simply Abolish the CIA? by Jacob G. Hornberger (2014)
Why Reform the CIA? By Jacob G. Hornberger (2014)
Don't Reform the CIA. Abolish It. By Jacob G. Hornberger (2014)
Improve the CIA? Better to Abolish It by Chalmers Johnson
Abolish the CIA! By Chalmers Johnson
Jack Wilshere has backed Mikel Arteta's call for Arsenal to spend big this summer, saying the arrival of some of the names linked in the media would give the club a real lift.
The England midfielder became the second player in as many days to call for new faces, as he told the Guardian, “Everyone talks about the names at the training ground. We're saying: ‘You heard about this player or that player? It would give everyone such a massive lift.”
Yesterday, Arteta urged the club to show their ambition in the transfer market, saying it was ‘about time' that Arsenal spent the money available to them to improve the squad.
With Wilshere now backing that up, the pressure is beginning to mount on Arsene Wenger and Ivan Gazidis to improve the squad. All the stories linking the Gunners with Luis Suarez cloud the fact that Arsenal need more than just a striker to launch and maintain a real assault on silverware next season.
Jack also spoke about his own fitness, saying he's hopeful that a good pre-season will see him get through the next campaign and start to to fulfill the potential everybody knows he has.
“There are no long-term injury issues at all for me,” he said. “They took the screws out, which was causing me a problem. I just want to have a good pre-season.
“I haven't had one for two years and it's like you're always playing catch-up. Steve Bould said to me that you should never take a good pre-season for granted. It gives you a level of fitness.
“it. I need a good pre-season. The first game against Aston Villa will be a massive target for me. I'll be ready and then play as much as possible.”
Hopefully alongside a clutch of new signings too. Fingers crossed.
The Ukrainian parliament approved a law after years of urging by the International community that will allow for the sale of state-owned corporations. There are over 3,000 entities to be disposed of, most of them unprofitable. The legislation is a requirement by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for release of further tranches of Ukraine's $17.5 billion aid package.
“The project offers a number of key changes which would help restore the confidence of local as well as foreign investors in the privatization process,” said the acting head of the State Property Fund, Vitaliy Trubarov, in a parliament discussion, reported Reuters.
Opinion: Ukraine Is Not Ready For A Free Market In Agriculture Land
“The law will allow the state to sell assets at cheaper prices than the starting price of the auction. If the first sale fails, the price can be cut by 25 percent, then by 50 percent if a second attempt fails, and finally, if the sale falls through a third time, the State Property Fund can hold consultations with potential investors about the price,” wrote Reuters.
Ukraine Tenders Eurobonds, Plans To Re-Enter Capital Markets This Month
“It's not a secret to anybody that 3,500 state businesses is a complete nonsense for the country. They generate losses for the state and profit for those who have been feeding around these businesses for decades,” declared Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman.
“It's important for our economic growth and is one of the biggest steps towards anti-corruption policy in the state.”
Whole Foods Market
Fish are healthy and loaded with Omega-3 fatty acids -- a key nutrient during pregnancy -- but some fish including tuna, can contain toxic contaminants like mercury, PCBs and dioxins, which have may cause learning problems, breast cancer, or other health problems. These contaminants can pass from the mother to child during pregnancy and breast-feeding.
On top of that, much seafood is being overfished toward extinction, making our oceans seriously messed up.
What's a consumer -- especially a pregnant woman -- to do?
The Monterrey Bay Aquarium knows. It has crunched the numbers, considering both environmental and health data, and released a list of the best fish for women of childbearing age (since contaminants can build up inside our bodies, it's important for women to watch their diets long before they think about getting pregnant). These eight fish are the most nutritious, with the highest levels of Omega-3 fatty acids, while having low levels of both mercury and PCBs. For good measure, they are fished sustainably, so eating these fish won't contribute to the decline of ocean health.
8 Safe Nutritious Pregnancy Fish
Note that the method and location of the fishery matters: A wild-caught salmon from Alaska will have a very different (and far superior) nutrition, contaminant and environmental profile than a farmed salmon, for instance. Also note that the American Pregnancy Association recommends against consuming raw shellfish or smoked fish -- whatever it's nutrition and contaminant profile -- during pregnancy.
1. Albacore Tuna (troll- or pole-caught, from the U.S. or British Columbia). Tuna is a top source of Vitamin B6, which helps maintain healthy blood, muscle and skin.
2. Mussels (farmed). Try them in this Dungeness crab and mussel chowder.
3. Oysters (farmed). A true superfood, oysters are a top source of iron and Vitamin B12. Try them in roasted with shallots and herbs, chowder or fresh, with a champagne vinaigrette. Note: The American Pregnancy Association recommends against consuming raw shellfish during pregnancy.
4. Pacific Sardines (wild-caught). A top source of calcium, try them in this sardine and potato salad with Romesco sauce.
5. Pink Shrimp (wild-caught, from Oregon). Try shrimp with Asian bbq sauce, shrimp and rice casserole, spicy shrimp tacos, shrimp spring rolls, shrimp and tomato salad or lemony shrimp risotto.
6. Rainbow Trout (farmed). Try trout, a top source of Vitamin B12 with
beet-horseradish yogurt sauce and green garlic oil, with egg in a smoked* trout salad, as a garnish to pea soup, or with this delectable meal: filleted trout with crispy sage and prosciutto, early summer vegetable beurre blanc, wilted spinach and potato puree. Note: The American Pregnancy Association recommends against consuming smoked fish during pregnancy.
7. Salmon (wild-caught, from Alaska). A top source of calcium and Vitamin B12, try one of these eight wild Alaskan salmon recipes.
8. Spot Prawns (wild-caught, from British Columbia). Try them as a substitute for shrimp, or in one of these recipes.
6 More Safe Pregnancy Fish
The Monterrey Bay Aquarium lists six additional seafood choices as safe pregnancy fish -- they just aren't as high in Omega-3 fatty acids:
Arctic Char (farmed). Try substituting char in most salmon recipes, or try these Arctic char recipes.
Bay Scallops (farmed). Try them seared with saffron couscous or with fennel and Pernod in this rotini.
Crayfish (farmed, from the U.S.). Substitute crayfish for shrimp in most recipes, or try them in these recipes.
Dungeness Crab (wild-caught, from California, Oregon or Washington). A top source of Vitamin B12, try Dungeness crab in this Dungeness crab and mussel chowder.
Longfin Squid (wild-caught, from the U.S. Atlantic). Go beyond fried calamari with these squid recipes.
Pacific Cod (longline-caught, from Alaska). Try cod broiled with miso glaze.
More Safe Sustainable Seafood Tips
For more healthy sustainable fish options, consult these Web sites: The Monterey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch program, Environmental Defense's Oceans Alive campaign, Fishwise, and the Seafood Choices Alliance.
And look for these labels at the fish market, though be aware that Consumer's Union says none is "highly meaningful":
The following are the major matchups in this week's game plus Gator Bait Magazine Editor Marty Cohen's Keys to Victory for Florida:
UF RUN OFFENSE VS. TAMU RUN DEFENSE
For the past few weeks, the only constant for the Florida offense has been its ability to run the football. Since the first week debacle against Michigan, the Gators have averaged 191.5 yards per game on the ground, a decent figure. Certainly it starts up front with the amped up play of the offensive line, with junior Tyler Jordan filling in for Brett Heggie (concussion) this week. Both Malik Davis and Lamical Perine have been solid, combining for 160 yards and two touchdowns in 26 carries last week against LSU. The Gators will need that same kind of production especially with Kadarious Toney likely out. Toney has provided some yardage out of the Wildcat, picking up 52 yards in a half-dozen attempts a week ago. It will be interesting to see if either Dre Massey or Brandon Powell can pick up that slack. Texas A&M has been stingy against the run, standing fifth in the SEC, allowing just 118.5 yards a game.
EDGE: FLORIDA
UF PASS OFFENSE VS. TAMU PASS DEFENSE
There is little debate that the Florida coaches have scant confidence in quarterback Feleipe Franks in the passing game. Franks attempted just 16 passes a week ago, only 10 in the first three quarters. There are few shots downfield, especially with the continued absence of top wideout Tyrie Cleveland. It's going to get increasingly more difficult to operate if secondaries aren't going to respect the deep ball. The Aggies are 12th in the SEC in pass defense and have given up 13 touchdown passes, most in the conference. They start a true freshman at right cornerback in 6-4 Myles Jones, but employ an aggressive scheme under coordinator John Chavis. The Aggies top the league in sacks with 23, with ends Landis Durham (5.5) and linebackers Tyrel Dodson (16 tackles against Alabama) and Otaro Alaka (4.0 each) leading the way. The Gators are going to have to take a few chances here, whether they like it or not
EDGE: TEXAS A&M
TAMU RUN OFFENSE VS. UF RUN DEFENSE
The key to the outcome rests right here, because the Aggies have been quite proficient on the ground this season while the Gator defense has struggled to contain the edge. The Aggies like to pound it, running the ball 60 percent of the time, behind tailbacks Trayveon Williams (422 yards and 5 touchdowns) and Keith Ford (321 yards and 7 scores). Freshman quarterback Kellen Mond is a true dual threat and has been outstanding since taking over the starting role in the second game. Mond has already recorded a 300-yard passing game, a pair of 100-yard rushing performances and in an overtime win against Arkansas, had a 79-yard run and an 81-yard touchdown pass. Suffice to say, the Gators better be tighter stopping the run than they were a week ago. If the Aggies are able to establish their ground attack, it could be a long evening.
EDGE: TEXAS A&M
TAMU PASS OFFENSE VS. UF PASS DEFENSE
You can take the team out of the Big 12, but you can't take the Big 12 out of the team – or something like that. The Aggies sport the only offense in the slow-paced SEC that pushes the envelope in terms of pace, averaging 78 plays a game. Mond has provided a spark, completing 88 of 155 passes (56.8 percent) for 1,045 yards, with 7 touchdowns and 3 interceptions. He's got an all-purpose game-breaker in junior receiver Christian Kirk, who leads the team with 27 catches and 5 touchdowns, while 6-3 Damion Ratley averages 22.8 yards a catch. It will be a supreme challenge for the young Gator secondary that will be without senior safety Nick Washington. A revitalized Chauncey Gardner will need another big night.
EDGE: TEXAS A&M
SPECIAL TEAMS
With the exception of punter Johnny Townsend, who has been outstanding and sadly has been the Gators' best player, this has not been the area of projected strength many thought at the outset of the season. Kicker Eddy Pineiro has been a touchback machine on kickoffs, but has had few field goal attempts (just six) and missed that critical PAT a week ago. And as usual the returns units are basically useless. The Aggies are dangerous here, with Kirk bringing back a kickoff 100 yards for a touchdown earlier, kicker Daniel LaCamera making 10 of 12 field goals including a 52-yarder while punter Shane Tripucka is one of the best in the SEC. The Gators better up their play in this department.
EDGE: TEXAS A&M
INTANGIBLES
Last week's humbling setback took the wind out of the Gators' sails, snapping their modest three-game losing streak. It was a momentum-sapping defeat and left fans and even some players openly questioning where this team was headed. Meanwhile the Aggies picked up some confidence of their own despite falling (narrowly) to Alabama. Being in The Swamp should help . . . maybe.
EDGE: EVEN
OVERVIEW
This is going to be a tough evening for Florida facing an A&M squad brimming with confidence. The Aggies are a potent offensive group and could give a young, ailing Gator defense some problems. Whether the coaches want to or not, the Gators are simply going to have to open it up on offense – 17 points is not going to win this one.
EDGE: TEXAS A&M
KEYS TO VICTORY
START FAST
Might as we'll keep saying it, even if it rarely happens. The Gators generally lack much spark to open the game, evidenced by their 13 points in the first quarter – only 11 teams in the nation have been worse. This is a hard way to travel, especially against a strong A&M offense. Even though the Gators rallied from a 14-point deficit last week, that won't work every game.
POSSESS THE BALL
Florida's inability to hold the ball is becoming more acute every week. The Gators simply can not run 54 plays and expect to win games. The Aggies like to push the pace so another moribund offensive effort will leave the Gator defense in an extremely tough spot. Better play some big-boy ball or it's going to be an ugly night, especially since A&M is 12th in the nation in forcing three-and-outs defensively.
SOME PANACHE
We're whistling in the dark here, because despite the dramatic endings against Tennessee and Kentucky, the Gators play some dull, lethargic ball. How about opening things up a bit and letting it fly? McElwain talks often about having fun, well I'm not sure who's having much fun in the Gator camp this fall. It will be five weeks until the next home game – so how about putting on a show for the fans, players and recruits – and not one that's going to quickly bring down the curtain.
MARTY'S PREDICTION: TEXAS A&M 30, FLORIDA 17
Overview (3)
Born 1981 in UK Nickname Dave Height 5' 1½" (1.56 m)
Mini Bio (1)
Trivia (2)
Suffered a severe spinal injury in 2009 that has left him permanently confined to a wheelchair.
Very close friends with Daniel Radcliffe.
Personal Quotes (2)
[on his accident] My first thought was, 'Don't ring Mum and Dad, I don't want them to worry'. I hit the wall and then landed on the crash mat underneath. My stunt coordinator grabbed my hand and said, 'Squeeze my fingers'. I could move my arm to grab his hand, but I couldn't squeeze his fingers. I looked into his eyes, and that's when I realised what happened was major.
[on being paralyzed] There was definitely a sense of tragedy for me but also a sense of sheer determination to beat it and better it. Having a positive mental attitude means everything. I also think that if you're positive about your disability then it can help you live with it.
Posted Friday, December 6, 2013 6:08 am
PITTSFIELD -- Police say a Richmond man told them he injected up 15 bags of heroin an hour before he crashed his car on Merrill Road on Wednesday.
Pittsfield Police say Tyler Renton, 23, of Osceola Extension, was passed out behind the wheel of his Volkswagen Golf, which was parked in front of a Kittredge Road home at about 9 a.m.
When the resident approached and asked the car to move, Renton's passenger told her they couldn't since Renton was passed out.
The car eventually took off, smashed into the woman's garbage cans and strewing trash before driving through the intersection of Cheshire Road and onto another home's lawn.
When that homeowner approached the car, Renton and his passenger appeared "unable to speak or function normally." As the woman dialed 911, the car took off.
A third witness, driving behind Renton's vehicle, also called 911 and later told police the car had been swerving all over the road as if the driver "didn't know how to drive."
Renton's car failed a turn and crashed on Merrill Road, uprooting a tree and coming to rest in a ditch near a railway berg.
When police approached the damaged car, Renton was still behind the wheel. He was unable to formulate complete sentences and was swaying in his seat with his eyes rolling back into his head, according to a probable cause report.
Renton was transported to Berkshire Medical Center for observation and told the emergency medical technician this was the "best day of [his] life" and could only get better if he was "riding a 12 point unicorn," according to the police report.
While at the hospital, Renton allegedly told medical staff he had a 15 bag a day heroin habit, but would "shoot up anything" he could, including cocaine and pills.
When told he should think about getting into a methadone program, he allegedly replied, "I will never do methadone. Meth is for quitters," according to the police report. He later passed out and was unresponsive for several hours, said police.
The 20-year-old passenger was not arrested.
On Thursday in Central Berkshire District Court, Renton denied misdemeanor charges of drugged driving as a subsequent offense, negligent operation of a motor vehicle, leaving the scene of a property damage accident and a marked lanes violation.
Assistant Berkshire District Attorney Jason Lederman told the court Renton was "a danger to the community" who admitted to police he "had no intention of quitting" drugs.
He said the defendant had a previous drunk driving conviction in New York state, and had an open case out of Southern Berkshire District Court in connection with a July breaking and entering in West Stockbridge in which a handgun and a shotgun had been stolen.
Lederman asked for $5,000 cash bail on the new case and that the defendant's bail be revoked on the older case.
Renton's lawyer, Ryan D. Smith, argued that his client had no history of violent crimes and always showed up for court.
"Drugs are the underlying issue," Renton told the court. "This is a disease he's fighting."
He asked that bail be set at $2,500.
On the South County case, Smith said his client wasn't involved in the break-in, in which another man is facing charges, and that Renton returned the shotgun to its owner, who is a relative of his.
"It's a weak case," Smith said
Judge Paul M. Vrabel ordered Renton's bail revoked on his earlier case and set bail at $2,500 cash or $25,000 surety bail.
Renton can be held for up to 60 days in jail without bail.
The defendant's most recent brush with the law came when he was arrested just across the New York border in Canaan in September.
The New York State Police pulled Renton over on the New York State Thruway for not having adequate lights or an inspection sticker.
Renton was allegedly found in possession of a small amount of heroin, while one of his passengers, Yamilex S. Rivera, 18, of Pittsfield, allegedly had 100 grams of cocaine.
A second passenger, 36-year-old Efrain Gonalez, of New York City, was allegedly wanted in New Jersey on drug charges.
It was unclear whether Renton's charges in New York state had been disposed of as of press time.
To reach Andrew Amelinckx:
aamelinckx@berkshireeagle.com,
or (413) 496-6249.
On Twitter: @BE_TheAmelinckx
Consigli said he knows nothing of Mammoliti's ethics scandals, bewildering remarks, eternally evolving views on Mayor Rob Ford . He knows he called him once, didn't get a call back.
Mammoliti, council's ever-more-offensive clown prince, is in his 19th year as a local representative after five years as an MPP. His six-election run of success is Toronto's most confounding unsolved municipal mystery, a whodunit that turns astute city hall observers into defeated detectives spluttering the same question over and over.
“He hasn't done anything,” Consigli, 45, said outside his house. “You know what, we asked the simplest thing, to put a light post over there, right where the laneway is. That was three years ago. Still haven't heard nothing. So you know what? Doesn't have my vote.”
Dozens of interviews with residents of Ward 7 (York West), in May and August, suggest the answer may not be so complicated. Who votes for Giorgio Mammoliti? People not much different from the people who don't vote for him.
Councillor Giorgio Mammoliti says he's probing a city hall conspiracy
Mammoliti voters are not endorsing his antics. By and large, they are not aware of his antics. Like Consigli, they judge their area councillor on his work in the area.
They can be mocked as ignorant — as “low-information voters,” to use the polite parlance. They can also remind us just where city hall shenanigans, even serious integrity breaches, rank on residents' lists of concerns.
“My husband play cards in the community centre. Mammoliti is there. He talks with him, Mammoliti, all the time. When the snow come here, sometime nobody come. My husband tell Mammoliti, somebody come,” said Anna Grieco, a senior from Italy who moved to the area in 1972. “He is a good guy. Not perfect, but 99 per cent.”
“He's helping to keep the area safe — burglary and stuff like that. He's very involved,” said Therese, an 81-year-old woman who arrived in 1958 and declined to give her last name.
“He approaches you nice. He's a very, very good man. I admire him. He's concerned about the people in this area,” said Joyclyn McSween, 75, a retiree from Trinidad and Tobago who worked with young offenders. She pointed in the direction of Weston and Sheppard, an intersection Mammoliti had renovated and beautified. “Look what he did down there. Make that place look nice — all the baskets with flowers.”
Toronto municipal incumbents win more than 80 per cent of the time. They are so hard to beat not just because they get their names in the papers: they also have goodies to dispense. Nick Di Nizio, Mammoliti's leading opponent in the last election and in this one, alleges the councillor timed local improvements to coincide with the 2010 campaign.
The timing was, at very least, auspicious. During a 10-day stretch two months before the October vote, Mammoliti and city officials held four separate ribbon-cutting ceremonies: one to celebrate upgrades to an arena, three to celebrate upgrades to playgrounds.
“Starting in August, we got so many things done in our ward you wouldn't believe it,” Di Nizio said. “We got three parks refurbished. Grand openings in every park. Balloons, clowns and all that in every park. A street light was put in place — residents had been complaining for 20 years. All of a sudden, it just” — he snapped his fingers — “showed up.”
More than 60 per cent of Mammoliti's constituents were born outside the country. Ward 7, near the city's northwest border, includes immigrant communities new and old: young Caribbean and South Asian families in highrise apartments near Jane and Finch, elderly Italians and other Europeans in modest postwar houses near Weston and Sheppard, Islington and Steeles and elsewhere.
The tomato gardens are immaculate. The convenience stores and hair salons and restaurants doing $4.99 jerk chicken lunch combos are visibly down at the heels. The ward's average household income in 2010 was $62,541, 28 per cent below the city average of $87,038.
Mammoliti's reign has been prolonged by the political disengagement — some say political alienation — typical of Toronto's lower-income areas. It doesn't take many votes to win Ward 7: Mammoliti prevailed with a mere 5,338 in the 2010 election. Turnout was 45 per cent, eighth-worst in the city.
Incumbency helps most in places where relatively few voters are paying attention. Mammoliti, who briefly ran for mayor in 2010 on a consciously outlandish platform, has a special talent for making himself the centre of attention at city hall. In his own ward, his name is still just as likely to draw a vacant stare as a visceral reaction — but his opponents' names register with almost nobody.
Gord Hill, a warehouse manager in his 50s, said he hasn't heard of any council candidate other than Mammoliti. He knows Mammoliti's stance on Ford has changed over and over again, but he will still probably vote for him.
“Personally, I don't think it matters who's there, really, for the average Joe,” Hill said. He also doesn't think Mammoliti is any crazier than anybody else. “Since Ford came in and went for mayor, I've been reading a lot of the politics. I really have never followed politics until then. They all say their little childish things.”
Seniors from Italy and other countries make up a significant percentage of Mammoliti's base. Some of them get most or all of their news from upbeat foreign-language media outlets less critical of politicians than the big papers. Even on English-language broadcasts, Mammoliti, slick and intense, can sound as impressive to the casual viewer as he does ridiculous to his colleagues.
“I know I've read about him in the paper, I've watched him on TV numerous times on Channel 7 there, and I like that he's a very serious, very serious-spoken person,” said Joseph Rizzo, 57. He said he “can't recall” any Mammoliti controversies or scandals.
Mammoliti supporters are “individuals that solely get their information in the small blips that they see on TV,” said candidate Keegan Henry-Mathieu. “At the end of the day, Giorgio Mammoliti is really good at those 15-second moments.”
Mammoliti gets an extra boost from the Emery Village Business Improvement Area, with which he appears so tight that former councillor Howard Moscoe used to call it “the Mammoliti BIA.” A month into the election, the BIA newspaper ran a front-page article titled “Humble beginnings: A position of power, earned with humility and hard work, the story of Giorgio Mammoliti.”
There are signs that Mammoliti's powerful grip on the ward is loosening. His margin of victory shrunk dramatically from 33 points in 2006 to 14 points in 2010. And a low-sample-size poll, taken in late July, put him in a statistical tie with Di Nizio.
Conditions appear ripe for an upset. Mammoliti is currently working without pay, stripped of his salary for three months over an improper mid-term fundraiser. He faces a December trial over allegedly exceeding the campaign spending limit in the last election. He was roundly condemned in June for calling Parkdale a “pedophile district,” then in August for blaming two drug-related deaths at a music festival on two councillors and the event's organizer.
If he loses, though, interviews suggest little of this will have mattered. The fall of Giorgio Mammoliti, like his rise, will be about demographics — the Italian population is shrinking — and perceptions of his service to the people of his community.
Amarjit Gahlon, 42, said she opposes Mammoliti because he refused to make a meeting appointment with her husband and his fellow taxi drivers. Gary Bidgood, a senior on disability, railed about Mammoliti's “stupid flower boxes” at the renovated Weston-Sheppard intersection, a visual obstruction to drivers. Rob Leva, a 48-year-old TTC supervisor, complained about the cost of watering the flowers in the boxes, the maple leaf design built into the middle of the intersection, and the quality of street paving and curb improvements.
“These are the little things that, I don't know, they just give us a bad taste in our mouths with this guy,” he said. “And over the last four years, I haven't seen him.”
Natascia Proietti, 41, a provincial civil servant, offered an unprompted endorsement of Di Nizio. She said Mammoliti's alleged overspending “makes our neighbourhood look bad,” and she said she sees his behaviour “all over the news.” But as she tended to her lawn on a hot August afternoon, she was most upset about issues that will never make headlines.
“This community is really nice, but the amenities are very awful. He indicated that, at Sheppard and Weston, there was going to be a community, which was built, but he was also going to build a couple of stores and a grocery store. We're still waiting for that,” Proietti said.
“What has he done for us? He built a Canadian flag, with interlocking brick, at Weston and Sheppard. So what? Why do we have a car wash when we need a gas station? We need a grocery store.”
SANTA ANA (AP) — The Obama administration is spending $4 million on lawyers for unaccompanied immigrant children in deportation proceedings, a move an influential Republican lawmaker says is illegal and will fuel an increase in illegal immigration.
Kenneth Wolfe, a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services' Administration for Children and Families, said on Tuesday that it is the first time the office that oversees programs for unaccompanied immigrant children will provide money for direct legal representation.
The grants to two organizations are part of a bigger $9 million project that aims to provide lawyers to 2,600 children. The move comes after the number of Central American children arriving on the U.S.-Mexico border more than doubled this past year, many of them fleeing violence.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Virginia, said the funding violates federal law “and only makes the problem worse by encouraging more illegal immigration in the future.” He urged the government to focus its efforts on deterring future border crossers.
Most of the nearly 60,000 unaccompanied children who arrived on the border in the last year don't have attorneys, and immigrant advocates have been scrambling to secure grant funding and ramp up efforts to recruit and train pro bono lawyers to take on their cases.
After being detained by federal authorities, children are placed in shelters overseen by the Department of Health and Human Services until they can be released to a relative or sponsor in the United States. The children are then given a date to appear in immigration court for deportation proceedings, though many will apply to remain in the country by seeking asylum or other forms of immigration relief.
In the past, Wolfe's agency has funded know-your-rights presentations, legal screenings and efforts to recruit and train pro bono lawyers, but not direct legal representation, he said. The grants issued to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants for legal services in cities including Los Angeles, Houston and Miami would be formally announced later in the week, Wolfe said.
Kevin Appleby, director of migration policy for the bishops organization, said the funding is an important first step. “It is a recognition that many of these children have valid protection claims and they need legal help to navigate the process,” he said.
Immigrants are allowed to have counsel in immigration courts, but lawyers are not guaranteed or provided at government expense. Immigrant advocates have filed a federal lawsuit in Seattle demanding the government provide attorneys for the children.
Having a lawyer can make a big difference: While almost half of children with attorneys were allowed to remain in the country, only 10 percent of those without representation were allowed to stay, according to an analysis of cases through June by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University.
Earlier this year, the Justice Department announced plans to enroll about 100 lawyers and paralegals as members of AmeriCorps to provide legal assistance to unaccompanied immigrant children.
(© Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Most of my socks have holes in them. Every time I need a pair of socks, I have to go through this giant pile, they all look identical, and I have to try to match a sock that's equal to another sock. It's my own fault, I've dug myself a pretty nice sock hole here. Every time I go to Costco, I buy another pair of socks. Right out of the package, these socks are great, the elastic is really snug, the fabric firm. But after a month or two months of use, they get a little thin.
And so my problem is more than just socks with holes. My problem is that I've been buying new socks every month for the past two years or so, without ever having gotten rid of any of the old socks. I've got a huge pile of socks, all with varying degrees of wear and tear. When I'm trying to find a pair of socks, I'm laying them all out, and again, they all look exactly the same, so I'm trying to feel a seven-month sock against a five-month sock, and then after going through twelve or thirteen potential pairs, I finally get a good three-month to three-month match, but then I put them on and the left one has a premature hole, and so I've got to throw it out and start from scratch.
All of my pants smell really bad. I'm six four and I have a thin waist, so buying pants isn't the easiest. Every time I go to a clothing store, I always try on a pair of jeans. On the rare chance that there's a decent waist-to-length combination that actually makes it all the way down to my feet, I'll always buy them right there.
But I can never put them in the dryer. Clothes shrink, jeans especially, and I've learned the hard way that the only way to ensure that right-from-the-store fit is to make sure that they never go in the dryer. So how do I get them dry? I have to hang them up in the basement. And for most of the year it's not a problem. I take them out of the wash, hang them up, and then a day later they're dry.
But it's been so wet lately, so rainy and humid and gross. I've been trying to wash my pants for weeks, but every time I leave them to dry, I come downstairs the next day and they're still kind of wet. And then I come down a day later and, maybe they're a little dryer, but they're still kind of damp. After day three, I need a new pair of pants, and even through they're not super dry, they're dry enough, and so I just put them on.
And then I notice that smell. It smells like an old basement. It's that smell that you get when you put a load of laundry in but you forget to move it to the dryer. So I keep it there in the washing machine for like four or five days, and then later that week I'm out of underwear, so I really need to do another load, but that first load is still sitting there in the dark, wet washing machine. I don't have any time to run it through again, and so I just throw it in the dryer, whatever, I tell myself, maybe the heat will somehow make things cleaner.
But it never does, it's gross, that smell is worse than just regular basement. It's regular wet dirty basement, and maybe I'm in a rush and I'm late for work and so I take a shower and I'm running even later than I thought, and so I don't have any time, I just grab something to wear, anything, and then when I'm finally out of the house, I finally make it to the subway, it hits me, what's that smell? It's me. I stink. I smell like gross dirty laundry that's been sitting in a wet, dark corner of the basement for a better part of a week. And there wasn't enough time to match a pair of socks, and so one foot feels great, just really bundled up in that brand-new sock feeling, but other one might as well be going commando, there's a hole at the tip, my big toe can't stop moving around in there, squirming, trying to fit itself through the hole. And did that guy standing next to me move because he can smell the laundry smell? Is it really that noticeable? Am I really that unpleasant to be around? Of course I am. I wish I could walk to the other end of the subway, but it would just follow me, because it is me. It's me. These clothes smell horrible. My socks are the worst.
Nearly all of the funds missing from bankrupt Bitcoin exchange Mt Gox were the result of fraudulent transactions, rather than outside attacks, Japanese authorities have reportedly said.
Tokyo's Metropolitan Police Department (MPD) told The Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper on Thursday that no more than around 7,000 of the roughly 650,000 Bitcoins that vanished from Mt Gox could be attributed to cyber-attacks.
The rest of them were likely spirited away when "the system was fraudulently operated by an unknown party," police sources say.
Tokyo-based Mt Gox filed for bankruptcy protection in February 2014 after its devastating losses were made public. At the time, the missing Bitcoins were worth around $429m. They're worth less than half that to whoever has them now, following the crypto-currency's precipitous decline of 2014.
The company's CEO, Mark Karpeles, said the loss of the Bitcoins was due to an inherent vulnerability in the Bitcoin system itself that had been exploited by outside attackers. But researchers quickly pooh-poohed that theory, saying the transaction logs of the missing Bitcoins didn't support it.
Japanese police have now concurred, saying their own analysis of the Bitcoin transaction records found no traces of cyber-attacks for 99 per cent of the missing digi-money. They did, however, find "at least two suspicious accounts with balances that continued to grow despite no records of Bitcoin purchases."
Funds were transferred to these accounts from the accounts of other Mt Gox customers "through system operations" that could only be conducted by "people familiar with the system," authorities have said, without going into greater detail.
Investigators have not named anyone as being a suspect in the apparent heist, saying only that the fraudulent transactions were conducted by an "unknown party." (El Reg can imagine said "unknown party" being malicious software on an employee's PC, silently siphoning off BTC.)
In light of their findings, however, MPD officials say police now plan to question Mt Gox employees and others closely related to the firm in order to shed more light on how the exchange was run.
The MPD is but one authority looking into what went wrong at Mt Gox – of the roughly 127,000 creditors that Mt Gox had when it ceased operations, only about 7,000 were Japanese.
The company is simultaneously under investigation by US authorities, although it's not known how many US citizens may have been victims of the apparent fraud. US investigators have been working alongside the MPD, so it's likely that they, too, will have dismissed the notion that Mt Gox's losses were the result of outside attacks. ®
Manchester United are set to more than double the current record for a kit deal when they tie up a £300 million contract with Nike, according to reports in England.
The Sun (subscription required) claim, in a story repeated by the Daily Mail, that not only does it dwarf the existing record, held by Real Madrid and Adidas, but it also could be worth still more than the headline figure:
It is double the current most lucrative deal - Real Madrid's £31m-a-year tie-up with Adidas - and it could be announced on Friday .
United have also reportedly been granted sales rights for their kits, which could be worth another £15m per year, which could see the five-year deal worth a total of £375 million.
The current Nike deal was reported at £303m for the 13 years, and with this extension which will run for five-years reported at £300m, should it end up running for the same amount of time, it could bring the club close to £1 billion in revenue.
The Daily Mirror sounds a note of caution on the deal being a record, claiming that Adidas and Chelsea have struck a deal of equal value. While the amount earned is roughly the same, however, Chelsea's deal is stretched over 10 years, according to the same paper earlier in the summer.
By contrast, Arsenal's new kit deal, signed with Puma in May, was believed to be worth £170m over the same five-year period, according to the Huffington Post.
United may be struggling on the field in relative terms under David Moyes this season, but commercially their record of lucrative tie-ins, sponsorships and partnerships is unparallelled in football.
So long was the list that in April Eurosport ran a quiz asking how many of United's 33 sponsors people could actually name.
The list includes an official responsible drinking partner (not to be confused with either the official beer nor the official wine), an official medical systems partner and even an official noodles partner.
As the original report in the Mail puts it:
United's massive commercial arm, which will shortly boast an office in New York, in addition to the one that was opened in Hong Kong last year, now represents 42 per cent of total revenue, with sponsorship deals alone in 2012 amounting to £90.9m, a rise of 44.1 per cent.
Fans will expect that some of the money generated in commercial deals is now ploughed back into the team.
A disappointing summer in the transfer market saw only one significant arrival—Marouane Fellaini joining in a £27.5 million deal.
According to official sources, both the Uzbek national suspect, Rakhmat Akilov, responsible for the Stockholm terror attack and the St. Petersburg metro attacker, Akbarzhon Dzhalilov, were initially deported from Turkey over alleged affiliations to Daesh as foreign fighters.
Speaking on the condition of anonymity, an Uzbekistan security source told Russian agencies that Akilov had tried to travel to Syria in 2015 to join Daesh where he was detained at the Turkish-Syrian border in 2015 and deported back to Sweden.
Similarly, Turkish security officials told the Associated Press on Thursday that Dzhalilov was deported from Turkey in 2016 for violating the country's visa laws.
Early on April 8, Akilov, a 39-year-old Uzbek national, rammed a truck into a crowd of civilians in the Swedish city of Stockholm, killing four people and injuring 15 others. He later confessed to the "terrorist crime."
Sources said the Uzbek authorities had also added Akilov to an international wanted list in late February on suspicions of "religious extremism."
Following the deadly attack, the Swedish government commissioned a fast-track review on Wednesday to tighten counterterrorism laws, including a ban on terrorist group memberships.
In addition to the Stockholm attack, a deadly blast, on April 3 in a metro train in Russia's second-largest city, killed 14 people and wounded dozens. Dzhalilov, a 22-year-old native of Kyrgyzstan, blew himself up on a busy subway line in St. Petersburg, killing himself and 13 others.
Turkish security officials also told the Associated Press yesterday that Dzhalilov had entered Turkey in November 2015 on a tourist visa and was deported to Russia in December 2016 for violating Turkey's visa laws. He was fined and barred from re-entering Turkey for 120 days, the official said.
Similarly, Ibrahim El Bakraoui, 29, one of the two brothers identified by Belgian authorities for being responsible for the attacks that killed more than 30 people and wounded over 270 in Brussels in March of last year, entered Turkey on June 11, 2015 and was detained by Turkish authorities on June 14. He subsequently got deported on July 14, 2015, a senior security source previously told Daily Sabah.
The official added that it was another Belgian national, who was born in 2006, with the same name and a different passport number who entered Turkey on July 8, 2015 and left on July 25, 2015.
"The Belgian embassy was notified on July 14, 2015 about the deportation of the attacker, who was later released in Belgium," President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan stated following the incident, adding that Belgium was not able to find the suspect's terror links, despite Turkey's warnings.
Turkey maintains determined efforts in its counterterrorism operations, not only domestically but also internationally. In that respect, as part of the biggest countrywide crackdown operation against Daesh, hundreds of people linked to the terrorist group were detained in February as anti-terror police stormed places where suspects were staying.
The Daesh terrorist group has frequently threatened Turkey. One of the most recent threats was a video showing a hooded man with a backpack passing by police cars and popular landmarks in Istanbul where the group carried out its first major attack in the country on January 2016, killing a group of German tourists near the famous Blue Mosque.
Since Daesh emerged as a terrorist group in war-torn Syria, Turkey has detained over 5,000 Daesh suspects and deported over 3,290 foreign terrorist fighters originating from 95 countries and refused more than 38,269 individuals' entry to Turkey.
It's a sad day for the American people when their government and state-sponsored news industry blacks out such an important news story. Americans actually have to rely on outlets like the Havana Times in Cuba, The Times of India, and United Nations press releases. There's a reason this news is being censored across the West. And it's only the latest global news story over the past two weeks on this subject blacked out from the American people. Read on to find out why.
End of the New World Order
When the richest and most powerful nations on Earth formed the G7, G8, G20 and the like, they united to combine their dominance over the remaining 175 countries that make up humanity. And for decades, the wealthiest 20 countries led by the US have gotten exponentially more wealthy at the expense of the poorest 175 nations, who in turn have gotten even poorer. That's been the result of the West's ‘New World Order', led mainly by self-appointed global governments like the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization.
133 of those 175 countries have had enough of the New World Order's rigged global financial system based in New York and London. They've seen their economies destroyed by corrupt corporations and global governments that create a cycle of never-ending dependence and poverty. They've seen their nations' vast resources stolen by multinational corporations. Their agriculture landscape has been poisoned. Their citizens bankrupted by the IMF and Wall Street. And their democratically elected leaders overthrown by foreign agents from countries like the US.
They've had enough of the New World Order. And an alliance of 133 countries, two-thirds of the nations on Earth, signed an agreement this weekend to end the West's New World Order and replace it with a fair, honest and legitimate World Order – one that lets everyone participate and benefit, not just the super rich.
The Next World Order
The organization is officially called the ‘Group of 77 and China', but the alliance actually includes 133 nations. Showing just how much influence they have, their meeting this weekend in Bolivia was opened with a keynote speech by United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. In the audience were over 30 heads of state from around the world and official representatives from over 100 more governments. Also illustrating the organization's growing influence, China isn't even a member of the G77, but insisted on participating anyway in a show of unity with the globe's Next World Order.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro participated, telling the gathered nations they had to unite to, “fight for fair and sustainable economic growth and for a new world economic order.” Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa went one step further, telling the gathered national leaders and representatives, “Only when we are united across Latin America and united around the world will we be able to make our voice heard and change an international order that is not just unfair, it is immoral.”
A report from AFP on Yahoo News, about the only report found in Western media, describes how Cuban President Raul Castro also participated, but reserved his comments for a call to help their top ally Venezuela. Cuba, Venezuela, Bolivia and a number of South American countries have insisted they are currently under attack by the United States and the CIA, who they insist are desperately trying to orchestrate coups to overthrow their democratically elected, pro-socialist governments the same way they are accused of doing in Ukraine recently.
Iran and the UN
An announcement published by the United Nations this weekend touts UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon's enthusiastic participation in the G77 meeting. It discusses how important this massive alliance is to the goals of the UN, particularly with regard to reversing the world's growing economic inequality among nations. Moon and the UN are also sponsoring a separate but related meeting of nations in September to draft new climate resolutions to be enacted in 2015.
The announcement describes a private meeting between the UN Secretary General and Iran's Vice President, ‘On the margins of today's summit, Mr. Ban met with the First Vice President of Iran, Eshaq Jahangiri, to discuss development issues, as well as the potential role that Iran could play in restoring stability in Iraq and Syria. The Secretary-General added that he looked forward to Iran's positive involvement on climate change and said he very much hoped that President Hassan Rouhani would attend the climate summit this September.' The report also says the two leaders discussed Iran's nuclear ambitions and the coming July deadline for compliance with past mandates.
Threats of America's “second Vietnam”
Many of the government leaders in attendance took the opportunity to strike a blow against what they consider to be the biggest enemy of world peace, democracy and economic freedom – the United States. One leader even went as far as calling out President Obama by name and threatening the United States with a second Vietnam.
As reported by the Times of India, the G77 conference's host this weekend – Bolivian President Evo Morales – threatened the United States and the American President telling the gathered heads of state, “If Mr. Obama keeps assailing the people of Venezuela, I am convinced that, faced with provocation and aggression, Venezuela and Latin America will be a second Vietnam for the United States. Let us defend democracy, natural resources, our sovereignty and our dignity.”
Cuba's President Raul Castro was possibly the most pointed and focused in his remarks regarding the agenda of the participating countries. As reported by the Havana Times, Castro told the alliance of 133 nations, “It is necessary to demand a new international financial and monetary order and fair commercial conditions for producers and importers from the guardians of capital, centered in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, and from the defenders of neoliberalism grouped in the World Trade Organization, which are attempting to divide us. Only unity will allow us to make our ample majority prevail.”
UN Civil War – dissolving the UN Security Council
One of the more ambitious goals of the G77 and its 133 participating countries is the elimination of the United Nations Security Council. World leaders insist it is little more than a five-nation tyranny over the full UN body. With five permanent members of the UN Security Council having veto power over the rest, UN policies and actions have been dictated by those five countries – US, UK, Russia, France and China. Members of the G77 want the Security Council eliminated so the UN can go back to being a purely democratic body.
The Cuban leader went on to describe a global economic system run by American hypocrisy and financial corruption, “The principles of International Law and the postulates of the New International Economic Order are brazenly violated, concepts that attempt to legalize meddling are imposed, force is used and threats of force are made with impunity, the media are used to promote division.”
Dominoes beginning to fall
This is just the latest organized attack on a global financial system rigged by corrupt governments and the multinational corporations that control them. Just last month, Russia and China signed a long term trade alliance that represents the first major crack in the US Dollar bubble. The two countries agreed to stop using US Dollars in their transactions and instead use their own two currencies. The two largest banks from both countries immediately announced they would be dumping the US Dollar as well.
On top of that, the world's ‘BRIC' countries – Brazil, Russia, India and China – have publicly declared their goal of replacing the corrupted US Dollar with some other global default currency. Now that Russia and China have finally taken actual steps to do that, the remaining two-thirds of the world will most likely begin making preparations to stop using the US Dollar as well. It was only this weekend that 133 of them pledged to do just that.
The scary part for Americans is that both Washington and Wall Street have promised this would never happen, because if it did, it would destroy the US economic system and possibly the US itself. Read the Whiteout Press article, ‘Russia-China Deals move US Dollar closer to Collapse' for more information.
To view a full list of the 133 nations that make up the G77, visit the Group of 77 websites.
The U.S. government must stop arming terrorists
Tulsi Gabbard Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 11, 2016
Here's a truth that won't surprise you: it is illegal for Americans to provide money or assistance to al Qaeda, ISIS, or other terrorist groups.
What is shocking however, is that this only applies to United States citizens, not the United States government, which has for years been directly and indirectly supporting terror organizations with money, weapons, and intelligence in a counterproductive attempt to overthrow the Syrian government.
Recent reports from media outlets like the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal confirm that rebel groups supported by the U.S. are allied and partnered with al-Qaeda and affiliated groups. When rebels were asked to denounce their alliance with al-Qaeda to allow for a peacefully negotiated cease-fire in Syria, they refused. Al-Qaeda, ISIS and affiliated groups remain the strongest fighting force on the ground trying to overthrow the Syrian government. And the United States is supporting them.
Last week, I introduced new legislation called The Stop Arming Terrorists Act. This legislation will prohibit the federal government from using taxpayer dollars to arm and support groups cooperating with or affiliated with terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS. It will also prohibit the US government from funneling money and weapons through other countries like Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar, who are directly or indirectly supporting terrorist organizations like ISIS or al Qaeda.
Our nation's leaders must stop aiding terrorist organizations who are wreaking havoc, destruction, and death at every turn.
This madness must end. We must stop arming terrorists. Add your name to our petition in support of my bill to require our government to abide by the same laws that apply to its' citizens.
If we work together to create a groundswell of grassroots momentum and support, we can effect change and stop our government from continuing this hypocrisy of assisting the same terror groups we are supposedly trying to defeat.
Mahalo,
Tulsi
The first year of Derek Mason's tenure was a huge disapointment, all around. Finishing 3–9, Coach Mason knew there were changes needed to be made. In 2015 Mason took over at defensive coordinator, and hired Andy Ludwig, Vandy's new offensive coordinator.
The 2015 season Vanderbilt made great strides, strides, that do not show on their 4–8 record. Vanderbilt was able to compete with most teams but lacked the offense to win games.
Instead of getting blown out by SEC teams they bolstered up on the defensive side of the ball. The one constant complication holding Vandy back from being up to snuff was throwing the football. Vanderbilt ranked 124th in the nation of 128 in points scored (15.2) but ranked 22nd in points scored against (21). With the way Vanderbilt's defense performed, if Vandy had stable Quarterback play in 2015, you would have seen them in a bowl game.
In 2016 Vanderbilt improved immensely. It is always a good year for Vanderbilt when beating rival Tennessee. Throw in wins against Ole Miss and Georgia and it's a great year for a young Commodore team.
Besides the Missouri game, Vandy lost to their SEC opponets by a touchdown or less. The defensive side of the ball was as strong as ever and the offense improved slowly but surely. The 2016 season is the perfect set-up for a breakout year for the Commodores.
Leading the Commodores is Senior Running Back Ralph Webb, arguably the SECs best back. Ralph has rushed for 3,342 yards. 1,000 more yards and he surpasses the likes of Bo Jackson, putting him the 4th leading rusher in SEC history. He's a three-dimensional back, meaning he can run between the tackles, catch passes out of the back-field, and pass protect. Any Quarterback's dream.
Vanderbilt's biggest problem in 2016 was Quarterback, Kyle Shurmur. Shurmur threw for under 150 yards in 7 games last year, but turned it around at the end of the year, throwing for over 220 yards in Vandy's last 4 games. Shurmur is a veteran quarterback now, and he will be equipped with 3 seniors and his favorite target, Kelija Lipscomb.
On the defensive side of the ball Vandy returns 7 starters. Even with all of the returning experience, Vanderbilt will not be able to replace First Team All-American, Zach Cunningham. Cunningham made big play after big play for the Commodores. Filling Cunningham's position will be 2017 Butkus Award Watch List, Senior Oren Burks. Burks is a natural leader. He will be leaned on to make the big plays this year. The strength of the Commodores defense will safety, Ryan White and Ladarius Wiley. If Vanderbilt's defense fills the holes of the players they lost, SEC teams will be in for another year of dealing with a stout Vandy defense.
UPDATE – A new video from Combofiend on Capcom-Unity has been uploaded asking the community for character balance suggestions for this update. While they can't reveal any more information about this new installment, they are making a conscious effort to open up dialogue with the players to hear what they want out of this new version.
For the next few weeks, Capcom will be opening threads for ten characters at a time, so be sure to visit the Capcom-Unity forums and provide your opinions on changes they should make. The characters included in this first week are M. Bison, Balrog, Guile, Ryu, E. Honda, Sakura, Sagat, Ken, Makoto, and Dudley. We've included links below for each thread. Remember, thought-out and detailed suggestions are more likely to be acknowledged by the team.
M. Bison | Balrog | Guile | Ryu | E. Honda
Sakura | Sagat | Ken | Makoto | Dudley
Combofiend also released a quick schedule for when character threads will be open.
Week 1 (3/22-3/28) – Balrog, M. Bison, E. Honda, Ken, Sagat, Sakura, Makoto, Dudley, Guile, Ryu
Week 2 (3/29-4/4) – T. Hawk, Zangief, Dhalsim, Chun-Li, Blanka, Gouken, Dan, Rufus, Cody, Vega
Week 3 (4/5-4/11) – Juri, Evil Ryu, Yun, Yang, Abel, Dee Jay, Hakan, Rose, Guy, Gen
Week 4 (4/12-4/18) – Cammy, Seth, Akuma, C. Viper, Adon, Ibuki, El Fuerte, Fei Long, Oni
Week 5 (4/19-4/25) – System and additional character changes
Additional time (4/26-4/30) – Additional changes
Like many companies this weekend, Capcom has a big presence at PAX East, and announced something very special during their panel this afternoon. According to Alex Jebailey, organizer of Community Effort Orlando in Florida, they revealed that development has begun on a brand new Street Fighter IV update.
Street fighter iv is getting another update. — Alex Jebailey (@CEOJebailey) March 22, 2013
They're just beginning development on the sf4 update. — Alex Jebailey (@CEOJebailey) March 22, 2013
What this update entails has yet to be divulged, but feel free to let your imaginations and opinions run wild in the comments below. Are you happy about this news? Is another update what the title needs to remain relevant on the tournament circuit?
Source: Alex Jebailey, Capcom-Unity
​Paul Gascoigne's sister has made sensational claims that the Sun newspaper have deliberately interfered with her brother's private life and taunted the former England international in order to build a more compelling story.
Lindsay Gascoigne published a post on the 'Stop Buying The Sun Newspaper' Facebook group stating the frankly vile actions committed by reporters from the paper, creating a distorted impression of her brother and taunting him.
The post can be seen below:
Paul Gascoigne's sister has revealed how TheScum are taunting him & his illness. Words fail me!!!!!#DontBuyTheSun pic.twitter.com/UhvAc7FPga — Charl JFT96 Hennessy (@charlhennessy1) August 8, 2016
The post in question concerns a rather controversial article published in the paper showing pictures of Gascoigne accidentally exposing himself while exiting a taxi in a dressing gown.
The article was titled 'Paul Gascoigne new low as he exposes himself in the street on the hunt for more booze', gaining 29,000 shares across the web in total.
Mental health and alcoholism associations were quick to jump on the obscene nature of the article and heavily criticise the unnecessary content.
The Sun removed the worst of the photos, however, the article as a whole still remains live on their site, clearly the disgust voiced by the public was not strong enough.
&amp;lt;section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;h2&amp;gt;Which English Side Will Be the First to Be Dumped Out of the Champions League This Season?&amp;lt;/h2&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;h3&amp;gt;Arsenal&amp;lt;/h3&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;h3&amp;gt;Leicester City&amp;lt;/h3&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;h3&amp;gt;Manchester City&amp;lt;/h3&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;section&amp;gt;&amp;lt;h3&amp;gt;Tottenham Hotspur&amp;lt;/h3&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/section&amp;gt;
Now, Gascoigne's sister's comments raises further quarrels with a paper that has a fair share of enemies. Deliberately placing alcohol bottles by a man's door step, who is renowned for alcoholism, is an act that that should be widely condemned.
Could it be that one of England's biggest papers has contributed heavily to the downfall of the former Tottenham Hotspur player? It certainly looks likely.
Gascoigne's struggles have been widely publicised for some time now and in June the latest installment saw him charged for racially aggravated abuse following a racial slur at one of his stage shows.
The 49-year-old will stand trial but has pleaded not guilty to the offence.
Apple's stock hasn't been doing too well lately. While many analysts think the problem is that Apple hasn't released any new products in months, Microsoft's former COO thinks it's more of a leadership problem.
In a recent article, former Microsoft COO, Bob Herbold claimed the problem with Apple is that it doesn't have a visionary leader who is paranoid with details, so Apple's totally going to start sucking like Microsoft pretty soon.
Talking about Apple's stock price, Herbold says that good financials aren't the only piece of the puzzle.
The critical ingredient, besides great financials, is a genuine belief that there is visionary leadership that will lead to a continuing flow of leading edge products and services.
Herbold then goes on to say Apple needs a visionary leader who gets personally involved in the company and leads with guts, while Tim Cook is more like an administrator.
I think the stock market is telling us that the public is beginning to believe that Apple really doesn't have strong visionary leadership. Apple will be a solid technology company but the Apple era may be on its way out.
Basically, Herbold thinks Apple is screwed without someone like Steve Jobs, and who knows, maybe he's right. Or maybe in a couple of years his statement will look as silly as those Surface RT tablets Microsoft put out.
As COO of Microsoft from 1994 to 2011, Herbold helped Microsoft atrophy from the world's most powerful tech company to a perennial underachiever, so he might know what it looks like when a company is facing a long downward slide. Tim Cook took over as Apple's CEO in 2011, so he's still working to put his stamp on the company, but so far we think he's done a pretty decent job.
What do you think? Is Tim Cook's leadership skills to blame for Apple's stock problems? Or is something else to blame? Let us hear your thoughts in the comments.
Source: Forbes
Spices of Life
“In CULINARY TEA, tea authority Cynthia Gold and food writer Lisë Stern offer generous information about all matters of tea, including tea history and varieties, advice on tea and food pairings, and a treasure trove of intriguing and mouth-watering tea-infused recipes.”
Adam Ried, Boston Globe Magazine cooking columnist and author of Thoroughly Modern Milkshakes
"In Culinary Tea, Cindy Gold and Lisë Stern offer an inspired, information-packed, eye-opening tea-torial on every aspect of this ancient, and modern, staple. Detailed taste profiles, flavor pairing recommendations, and incredible recipes help you see, and taste, tea in a whole new light—and in different cookware, too! Gold and Stern catapult tea from the cup right into the saucepan, skillet, roaster, and cookie sheet—and that's just the beginning!”
Joseph Simrany, President, Tea Association of the USA, April 6, 2010
“For those of you who think you know all about tea, you have never met Cynthia Gold or her disciple Lisë Stern. Together, they will take you on a gustatory adventure that will span the globe in search of new ways to enjoy this amazing beverage.”
James Norwood Pratt, author of The Tea Lover's Treasury and The Tea Lover's Companion
"Beautiful, imaginative, and wonderfully clear, what Cynthia Gold and Lisë Stern have given us is nothing less than a new dimension to the culinary arts. Here is the simply indispensable work on tea with cooking and cooking with tea. In time we will all pay our compliments to the chef."
Ming Tsai, host of award-winning PBS series, Simply Ming
“Everyone loves tea, but not many know that you can cook with it as well, and not just the classic recipes like Tea-Smoked Duck. Cynthia and Lisë have put together over 250 pages filled with savory and sweet recipes that use tea as an ingredient. From the Orange Spice Tea-Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Mango-Peach Salsa to the Earl Grey Cream Tea Cake, this book will take you way beyond a cup of tea.”
Nina Simonds, author of
Chris Schlesinger, co-author of James Beard award-winning The Thrill of the Grill, contributing editor to Saveur, and chef/owner of East Coast Grill
"As a chef, I am always excited to get reintroduced to an ingredient that has such a universal appeal and a broad function in the kitchen. After reading Culinary Tea, I am eager to try out several innovative concepts from brining and smoking to culinary rubs. Cynthia Gold and Lisë Stern's book will satisfy everyone from the home cook to the restaurant chef and will open the eyes of every reader to the wonderful uses of culinary tea.”
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel 8/24/10
“A beautiful text, with many unusual recipes… Recipes are easy to follow, each to its own page and the sturdy book and thick paper stock stay open on the counter with no need for place-holding. A substantial and sophisticated cookbook for the price.”
Karen Page and Andrew Dornenburg, James Beard award-winning authors of
The Flavor Bible
“Anyone who enjoyed the food and tea pairings in our book What to Drink with What You Eat but hoped to explore the subject in greater depth will absolutely love Culinary Tea -- and should add this beautifully-photographed book to their collection immediately. It is a welcome introduction to tea's myriad applications both in the kitchen and at the table, and has become our new favorite tea-related book. Bravo to authors Cindy Gold and Lisë Stern, whose passion for tea is contagious!"
Alice Medrich, author of Bittersweet and Pure Dessert
“Culinary Tea is authoritative, inspiring, and useful for any cook passionate about bringing new and authentic flavors to their cooking. Cindy and Lise give us a wealth of details, ideas, flavor profiles, and cooking methods in addition to tantalizing recipes. In no time you will be deglazing pans with tea, cooking rice in it, brining poultry and making soup with it, not to mention concocting ice creams, cookies and desserts. Tea may well be the next big flavor… I'm totally on board.”
Mary Lou Heiss, co-author of the IACP award-winning and James Beard-nominated
Given everything that has to get done in a day and the limited number of battles a guy can fight at one time, I've been debating whether or not to highlight a few things I've noticed about the survey supposedly proving that one-quarter of female undergraduate students at Brown University are the victims of rape or sexual assault. The fact that Lynn Arditi is reporting things that are simply false in the Providence Journal — and in a way that is clearly in line with activists' intended use of the survey data — suggests that somebody has to offer a bit of leaven to the hysteria. Unfortunately, nobody else has stepped forward to take the arrows.
Here's the false statement in Arditi's article:
Most of those students who did not report the incidents — about 48 percent — said that was “because they did not think anything would be done about it,” the survey found. Others said they feared the report would not be kept confidential. “They have a lot of work to do to create a climate where victims feel supported,” [Peg Langhammer, executive director of Day One, a nonprofit dedicated to helping victims of violence] said, “and I think at every campus that is true.”
The first paragraph is both extremely sloppy and completely wrong. The 48% number appears to come from Table 3.9a of the survey results, but that's not the number for all incidents; it's the number just for female students who said they'd been the target of a completed or attempted penetration by force, who make up just 5.4% of undergraduate females and 1.4% of graduate females.
Among female students whose completed or attempted penetration happened while they were incapacitated (i.e., sleeping or drunk), the percentage saying they didn't think anything would be done was 35%. For “sexual touching” by force, it was 26%; for “sexual touching” while incapacitated, it was 25%. For male students, the percentages were even lower.
Inferring some numbers from other tables and putting them all together, only 28% of all “victims” said they didn't report the incident because they didn't think anything would be done. I put the word “victims” in quotation marks because the reason Arditi's report is simply false is that the actual explanation that “most of those students” gave for not reporting incidents was that they didn't feel that “it was serious enough to report.” Overall, that response was given by 74% of the “victims.”
Among female students, that response was given by 71% in the forced penetration group, 84% in the incapacitated penetration group, 74% in the forced touching group, and 82% in the incapacitated touching group.
These findings present a much different picture than Arditi and the activists promote. In fact, it looks a lot more like young adults entering an environment of new freedom and experimentation and having a pretty realistic acceptance that their peers may do things that aren't wholly appropriate from time to time.
Getting the reporting right is just the first step to a mature reaction to surveys like this. Ashe Schow, for example, points out that the survey's authors admit that their results likely suffer from a “non-response bias,” meaning that people who haven't had any problems with sexual assault on campus are less likely to bother participating at all. One possible example of this bias arises in the fact that a very-high 17.5% of respondents say that they are “non-heterosexual,” and the results find that “non-heterosexuals” are twice as likely to report having experienced some sort of “nonconsensual penetration or sexual touching” (including just attempts).
Then there are issues of definition. “Sexual touching,” for example, includes kissing (anywhere on the body, apparently), buttocks-touching, and rubbing against somebody in a suggestive way (perhaps while dancing, it would seem), “even if the touching is over the other's clothes.” A large percentage of such incidents occur off campus, many at restaurants, bars, and clubs.
Another conspicuous data point that hasn't gotten much play is that by far the greatest numbers of incidents — especially forceful penetration (completed or attempted) — occur in university residence halls or dorms. Among females in the forceful penetration group, residence halls/dorms account for 84% of incidents, versus 56% in off-campus private residences, and 22% in fraternities or sororities.* This is stunningly disconnected from the typical image that the media presents and would constitute a risk to a major source of revenue for the university if it were to be a major takeaway from the report.
If these results were reported accurately and honestly, and if the public debate were conducted maturely, the public's conclusions would surely be much more measured. And they would blow to pieces the politically motivated spin of everybody from local activists to the President of the United States.
* Note that only a small percentage of students at Brown actually join fraternities or sororities, at 14% for men and 8% for women, according to the College Board. However, as the comments on this site attest, many non-Greeks attend parties and events at the houses, which is in keeping with the fact that such houses are comparable to bars, restaurants, and clubs for incidents of sexual touching.
Thanks to Instapundit for the link.
President Barack Obama is facing increased pressure due to a renewed effort to make a secret Congressional report public that may describe links between Saudi Arabia and the September 11, 2001 terror attacks.
Over the past week, families of 9/11 victims have criticized President Obama because of reports stating that his administration is lobbying Congress to block a bill that would allow terror victims to sue foreign governments connected to attacks on American soil. The criticism comes as Obama prepares to travel to Riyadh for the fourth time in his presidency.
Read more
Saudi Arabia has threatened to sell some $750 billion in US assets if the bill passes, fearing it could leave the country vulnerable in US courts, the New York Times reported. Many relatives of 9/11 victims believe Riyadh played a role in the attacks, particularly since 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudi citizens.
Officially, the 9/11 Commission Report “found no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded the organization.” However, a previous Congressional report, which the Commission followed up on, features 28 pages that more closely detail the hijackers' sources of money and funding, and those documents have been kept classified for more than a decade.
Families of 9/11 victims have tried to sue Saudi Arabia in court over the country's possible role in the attacks before, but US law grants foreign governments protection in domestic courts. Last year, a federal judge dismissed a lawsuit claiming that the country had provided material support to the terrorists, ruling that Riyadh had sovereign immunity. Saudi attorneys argued in court that there was no evidence directly linking the country to 9/11.
“If someone you loved was murdered and the person was just able to go away Scott free, would you be okay with that? I don't think anybody would,” Loria Van Auken said to CBS News. Van Auken's husband Kenneth worked in the North Tower of the World Trade Center and died in the attacks.
Judge tosses 9/11 suit against Saudi Arabia, citing sovereign immunity http://t.co/O3jwTc4kJHpic.twitter.com/4021Hcmqfx — RT America (@RT_America) October 1, 2015
Another 9/11 widow, Mindy Kleinberg, told the New York Times “it's stunning to think that our government would back the Saudis over its own citizens.”
Now, the families of 9/11 victims are trying once again to have the classified pages of the Congressional report released to the public as part of a lawsuit against the Saudi Arabian government. The documents may also contain details on a support network for the hijackers that featured the involvement of the Saudis.
“There are a lot of rocks out there that have been purposefully tamped down, that if were they turned over, would give us a more expansive view of the Saudi role,” Bob Graham, former chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said to CBS.
“The Saudis know what they did. We know what they did,” Graham said.
Graham has also been pushing the president to release the 28 pages, and he told Fox News last week that Obama will make a decision on the matter within the next two months.
Iran ordered paying $10.5 billion for 9/11 by US judge https://t.co/QbAiuTCokvpic.twitter.com/faRllisZ7D — RT America (@RT_America) March 10, 2016
Pressure on Obama is also growing from current members of his own party. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-New York) said the president should declassify the documents even before he travels to Saudi Arabia this Tuesday.
“If the president is going to meet with the Saudi Arabian leadership and the royal family, they think it would be appropriate that this document be released before the president makes that trip, so that they can talk about whatever issues are in that document,” she said to 60 Minutes.
Read more
In addition to seeing whether Obama will release the pages, Americans are also waiting to see how the president will react to Riyadh's threat of financial retaliation. The Obama administration has argued that stripping sovereign immunity from nations over terror attacks on the US would endanger Americans and spark similar legislation against the US.
Relations between the US and Riyadh have already been strained by the Iranian nuclear deal and unflattering comments made by Obama in an article that appeared in The Atlantic, in which he criticized the Saudis as “free riders.” Since news of Saudi Arabia's financial threat came to light, however, the president has been urged by many Americans to take a tougher stance.
“If the President allows himself to get pushed around this way in front of the world, then he earns every bit of the anger being directed at him by the extended family of September 11,” wrote Mike Lupica in a New York Daily News editorial.
“This is about turning his back on the dead of Sept. 11 and their survivors, and letting his country down at the same time. He is like all the others who held his office before him, more desperate than ever in the late rounds to be remembered as a great President. Be one now.”
His name is Eminem and he's now the first artist to receive two RIAA Digital Single Diamond Awards, marking sales and streams of more than 10 million.
Slim Shady picked up the honor for “Not Afraid,” a track from his 2010 album Recovery, to go along with the 11x multi-platinum single “Love the Way You Lie” (featuring Rihanna), from the same release, which has sold 4.5 milion copies in the U.S. and more than 10 million worldwide.
RIAA chairman/ceo Cary Sherman marked the milestone: “We are delighted to recognize Eminem as the first artist to earn two RIAA Digital Diamond Awards. This singular achievement – earning a Diamond Award on two separate digital songs – is unparalleled, and we congratulate him on forever etching a mark in Gold & Platinum Program history.”
In addition to two Diamond song honors, Eminem also has two 10x multi-Platinum Diamond certified albums: 2000's "The Marshall Mathers LP" and 2002's "The Eminem Show," both on Aftermath/Interscope. His career RIAA album awards represent more than 37 million sold in the U.S., placing him at No. 44 on the all-time RIAA list of “Top Selling Artists,” just behind Bob Dylan and ahead of Backstreet Boys, while his digital single certifications now surpass the 31 million mark, counting downloads and streams and spanning 10 separate songs, which places him No. 6 on the all-time list, behind Kanye West (31.5m) and ahead of Flo Rida (29.5m). His most recent album, "The Marshall Mathers LP 2," has sold 2.1 million according to Nielsen SoundScan since its November, 2013, release.
Related
Eminem kicks off The Monster Tour with Rihanna this summer at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, August 7 and 8. The jaunt will then continue to Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, August 16 and 17 and close the North American portion in his hometown Detroit's Comerica Park August 22 and 23, before ending up in London's Wembley Stadium July 11 and 12.
Officially launched in 1958, the RIAA's Gold & Platinum Program expanded in 1999 to include a Diamond Award honoring U.S. sales of 10 million or more copies of an album or single. The RIAA established its Digital Single Award in 2004 in recognition of the significant sales of emerging digital music formats. Most recently, in 2013, the RIAA added music streams to its Digital Single Award.
The list of more than 110 Diamond titles includes albums and songs by The Beatles, Justin Bieber, Garth Brooks, Mariah Carey, The Eagles, Michael Jackson, Kid Rock, Lady Gaga, Led Zeppelin, Madonna, Santana, Bruce Springsteen and Usher.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Russia has not fulfilled its part of an international agreement to defuse tension in Ukraine and Washington will only wait “days” more for the accord to be implemented, a senior U.S. official said on Wednesday.
“Russia has not taken the steps that it needs to take” under the agreement reached in Geneva last week, Daniel Baer, the U.S. Ambassador to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), said.
Under the deal, the European Union, Russia, Ukraine and the United States agreed that illegal armed groups in Ukraine would go home in a process to be overseen by Europe's OSCE security watchdog.
But no sooner had the accord been signed than both sides accused the other of breaking it, while the pro-Moscow rebels disavowed the pledge to withdraw from occupied buildings.
Baer said the solution was for Russia to act.
“If failure happens, it will be because Russia has failed to stop its negative, destructive actions and to move to a constructive path,” he said, speaking at a Brussels event organized by the German Marshall Fund think-tank.
Asked how long the United States would allow seeing if the Geneva accord could be implemented, Baer told reporters at a separate event that he did not want to give a deadline but “we are talking days here”.
The United States and European Union have held out the threat of further sanctions on Russia if it does not implement the Geneva agreement.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov earlier accused the United States of being behind the political upheaval in Ukraine and said Moscow would respond if its interests came under attack.
Baer said the United States had suggested that President Vladimir Putin or other senior Russian officials could make public statements saying Moscow did not support the illegal armed takeover of municipal buildings.
Moscow could also send a senior diplomat to help OSCE monitors trying to persuade people to leave occupied buildings.
The U.S. Ambassador to NATO, Douglas Lute, speaking at the same think-tank event, said that incursions by Russian aircraft into the Baltic airspace had fallen to zero since NATO reinforced fighter patrols over the Baltic countries following Russia's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region.
New Zealand is known for sheep, rugby, and dramatic filming locations. However, it will also be known for being the first place in the world with a 3-strikes law for copyright infringement. The Copyright Amendment Act 2008 gained royal assent earlier this year, and goes into effect at the end of February 2009. Opposition to this bill, despite being signed into law, is still growing though.
Previously we've discussed how certain countries have been pushing for laws requiring ISPs to disconnect filesharers, if they receive multiple notices alleging copyright infringement. This proposal has been struck down by the EU, and no-one but lobby groups seems to want it.
However, over in New Zealand a law requiring ISPs to disconnect repeat copyright infringers has been proposed, passed and signed into law. The law, Copyright (New Technologies) Amendment Act 2008 adds a new section to deal with Internet Service Providers and copyright infringement. Yet, opposition from ISPs, and Internet user groups may see it being struck down or modified before it goes into force.
The section in question, 92A reads
Internet service provider must have policy for terminating accounts of repeat infringers
(1) An Internet service provider must adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides for termination, in appropriate circumstances, of the account with that Internet service provider of a repeat infringer.
(2) In subsection (1), repeat infringer means a person who repeatedly infringes the copyright in a work by using 1 or more of the Internet services of the Internet service provider to do a restricted act without the consent of the copyright owner.
Opposition to this section of law has been steady, with six industry bodies that have opposed the law meeting with government ministers. Indications from Communications Minister David Cunliffe and Associate Commerce Minister Judith Tizard, are that if the opposing groups and rights holders can come to an agreement by developing a workable code of practice, the law can be reworded. Tizard also reiterated strongly that the law was going ahead, and it would do so because of ‘Internet piracy', according to one of the meeting's participants
The issue at the heart of the debate is that of proof. InternetNZ head Keith Davidson told New Zealand's Stuff, that he wanted to see an element of proof being required before people are cut off. A position understandable with the recent bad press given to copyright infringement allegations in the US, both in studies, and the courtroom. Countering him was the CEO of the NZ Recording Industry Association, telling Stuff that proving the guilt of infringers in a court of law, before any penalty is dealt out would be “impractical and ridiculous”, a sentiment also shared by his American counterparts.
A provision to penalize false or inaccurate accusations was in the bill at one point, after dealings by the group of six with a select committee. However, Tizard stated that it was inappropriate, as the Cabinet had already decided the law was to go ahead as was, and that people shouldn't be surprised.
New Zealand is also in the middle of an election (voting day is November 8th) so there may be a change of ministers soon. These may be more amenable to changing the wording of the law, to be based on proof, not simple accusations. As always though, nothing is certain for the 3.3 million kiwi's (around 80% of the population) on the net, except they are considered less important than the greed of lobby groups.
People say America is a free country. But what if you want to drink, have a cigarette or make a bet? Government often says "no" to protect us from ourselves.
It's as if the government is still run by the Puritans who settled this land four centuries ago. They said pleasure and luxury are sinful.
Today's government has a better argument when it seeks to restrict activities that might harm others, but I notice that even then, it often focuses more on things that upset modern-day Puritans.
Drinking and driving can be fatal. But government data show that sleeplessness and driving are just as deadly. Having kids in the back seat, looking at GPS map instructions, fiddling with the radio and eating while driving are often deadly, too.
But sleeplessness doesn't seem as decadent and irresponsible as drinking. Nor is there an easy way for police to test for such discretions -- no breathalyzer test for excessive radio tuning.
Why is the DUI test all about alcohol level, rather than behavior? Government keeps lowering legal blood-alcohol levels -- recently from .10 to .08 -- and now they want to lower it to .05. But some people are good drivers even after a drink or two. It would be better to punish people for "reckless" driving.
Alcohol-related driving deaths are down. Groups like MADD (Mothers Against Drunk Driving) credit tougher DUI laws, but it's not clear that they are right.
Maybe people are simply more aware of the dangers, thanks to publicity from groups like MADD. Safer car designs helped, too. Non-alcohol-related driving deaths are also down.
Stats that some cite to claim alcohol is the cause of a third of highway accidents are misleading. That just means that a third of the people had alcohol in their systems; it doesn't necessarily mean alcohol caused the accident.
I don't suggest that drinking and driving is safe or smart. But the puritanical obsession with drinking distracts us from other ways we could make driving safer.
At least DUI laws seek to protect people from others. But government puritans go well beyond that, banning activities that harm only the individual engaged in them -- like gambling.
Polls show 70 percent of you support the current ban on Internet gambling.
Why? It's true, for some people, gambling becomes addictive. Some wreck their lives. But for most people, gambling is entertainment, practice in using strategy and an excuse to socialize. A little risk is fun. And the laws don't stop the activity. They drive it underground, where it's run by criminals.
If we banned every activity that had the potential to become addictive, we'd have to ban fatty foods, sex, alcohol and investing in the stock market. Life means risk.
Sometimes puritans want to ban things without any evidence that the activity is harmful. After every mass shooting, someone wants to tax, or ban, violent video games.
Yet violent offenses by youth fell by more than half over the past two decades, while video game sales doubled. If there's a causal relationship, maybe playing video games prevents kids from behaving violently.
Japan spends much more on violent video games than the U.S., but its crime rate is much lower. Maybe the Japanese get it out of their system through make-believe? I don't know. But I do know that a lack of evidence rarely stops the puritans.
The puritanical panics of today may look silly someday. In the 1950s, a psychiatrist testified that Superman comic books inspire juvenile delinquency.
After hearing about those moral panics, you might feel like relaxing with a cold beer. But don't try buying one from a convenience store in Indiana. The state requires that the beer be sold warm.
In theory, warm beer will discourage drinking on the road.
I doubt that such laws help. Perhaps puritanical laws don't have to make sense. They just have to leave us feeling righteous because we've done something to crack down on bad behavior.
University of Arizona researchers led a team that has discovered that venom of spiders in the genus Loxosceles, which contains about 100 spider species including the brown recluse, produces a different chemical product in the human body than scientists believed.
The finding has implications for understanding how these spider bites affect humans and for the development of possible treatments for the bites.
One of few common spiders whose bites can have a seriously harmful effect on humans, the brown recluse has venom that contains a rare protein that can cause a blackened lesion at the site of a bite, or a much less common, but more dangerous, systemic reaction in humans.
"This is not a protein that is usually found in the venom of poisonous animals," said Matthew Cordes, an associate professor in the UA's department of chemistry and biochemistry and member of the UA BIO5 Institute who led the study, published today in the journal PLOS ONE.
The protein, once injected into a bite wound, attacks phospholipid molecules that are the major component of cell membranes. The protein acts to cleave off the head portion of the lipids, leaving behind, scientists long have assumed, a simple, linear, headless lipid molecule.
The research team has discovered that in the test tube, the venom protein causes lipids to bend into a ring structure upon the loss of the head portion, generating a cyclical chemical product that is very different than the linear molecule it was assumed to produce.
"The very first step of this whole process that leads to skin and tissue damage or systemic effects is not what we all thought it was," Cordes said.
The lipid knocks off its own head by making a ring within itself, prompted by the protein from the spider venom, Cordes explained. "Part of the outcome of the reaction, the release of the head group, is the same. So initially scientists believed that this was all that was happening, then that became established in the literature."
The research team includes Cordes; Vahe Bandarian, an associate professor also in the UA's department of chemistry and biochemistry; and Greta Binford, an associate professor of biology at Lewis and Clark College in Portland, Ore. who, completed her doctorate and a postdoc at the UA.
Cordes, Bandarian and Daniel Lajoie, a PhD candidate in Cordes's lab, tested venom from three species of brown recluse spiders from North and South America. Binford, an arachnologist who has traveled the world in search of the eight-legged creatures, collected the spiders, isolated their DNA and milked their venom, which was then frozen and shipped to the UA labs for analysis.
"We didn't find what we thought we were going to find," Cordes added. "We found something more interesting."
The cyclical shape of the headless molecule means that it has different chemical properties than the linear headless lipid believed to be generated by the protein, Cordes explained. The biological effects of either molecule in human membranes or insects aren't completely known, he said, but they are likely to be very different.
"We think it's something about that ring product generated by this protein that activates the immune system," Binford said.
"The properties of this cyclic molecule aren't well-known yet, but knowing that it's being produced by toxins in venoms might heighten interest," Cordes said. "Knowing how the protein is actually working and making this cyclic molecule could also lead to better insights on how to inhibit that protein."
For those who do have a reaction to the venom, the most common response is inflammation that after one to two days can develop into a dark lesion surrounding the bite site. The blackening, or necrosis, of the skin is dead skin cells, evidence of the immune system's efforts to prevent spread of the toxin by preventing blood flow to the affected area.
"Our bodies are basically committing tissue suicide," Binford said. "That can be very minor to pretty major, like losing a big chunk of skin. The only treatment in that case is usually to have a skin graft done by a plastic surgeon."
About once every five years, Binford said, someone develops a serious systemic reaction to a brown recluse bite, which can be fatal.
"If it goes systemic, then it can cause destruction of blood cells and various other effects that can in extreme cases lead to death by kidney failure or renal failure," Cordes said.
However, it is believed that the vast majority of brown recluse bites are so minor that they go unnoticed by those who were bitten.
It's not known what determines the type or severity of reaction a person is likely to get when bitten by a brown recluse, Cordes said, "but what is known is that this protein is the main cause of it."
"I think if we know how the toxin works, it opens a new door to understanding how the syndrome is initiated as well as the possibility of blocking that process."
"The discovery of this product may be crucial in understanding what exactly is going on in the human reaction," Binford said.
For the spider biologists and chemists, the work has just begun.
"These spiders have been around with this toxin for over 120 million years," Binford said. "I want to understand the full set of variation present in a single spider and across the entire genus and the activity of this compound."
"People think about the brown recluse with fear," she added. "When I think about a brown recluse or any other spider, I think about how a single spider can have 1,000 chemicals in its venom and there are about 44,000 species, so tens of millions of unique compounds in spider venom that we're in the process of discovering. We have a lot to learn about how these venom toxins work and potential for understanding new chemistry and developing new drugs or treatments."
Understanding how brown recluse venom produces harmful effects in humans is particularly relevant in Arizona, a hotbed for these spiders, Cordes said: "There are more variant species of Loxosceles here than anywhere else in the United States."
The UA-led study of brown recluse venom was supported initially by a pilot project award from the UA BIO5 Institute. Binford's venom collections were supported by a National Science Foundation Career Award.
What the heck does odex and deodex actually mean? I see the terms mentioned in almost every custom ROM thread and can't find an answer that I can understand. I'm hoping that Android Central can help out.
To begin, we need to know what an odex file is. It's a part of an application (the .apk file) that has been prebuilt to make the Dalvik Virtual Machine load it's faster using less resources. If you look in the /system/app/ folder on your Android phone or tablet, you'll see that just about every application has both an .apk file and an .odex file. These files work together through the Dalvik VM to make the apps run as they should on our devices. Let's break it all down after the break.
Awesome question, Clark. And one I think we can answer in terms that most folks will understand. As you've noted, you see the terms odex and deodexed in many forums posts about custom ROMs or assorted hacks for phones and tablets both. It takes a lot of work for developers to create deodexed ROMs from "stock" ROMs, like the ones offered from both OEMs and Google alike.
The Dalvik VM
The Dalvik VM is a big part of an Android system. It is the component that allows third party applications written in Java to run on your phone or tablet. The system itself starts the DVM up, and when you press to start an app it goes to work. It takes the data inside the .apk files and using a Just-in-time (JIT) compiler, it builds the information into a program, then runs it. Having portions of the code already optimized and built into a file that the DVM can run makes the process faster, and uses less resources. That's what an odex file is.
Odex files
The odex files you see in your system folder are built by the folks who wrote and built the application itself. Android apps are written in Java, then converted into bytecode. Then, they are converted from the standard Java Virtual Machine compatible .class files into a special type of file that the Dalvik VM can read. These are called .dex files. When these .dex files are placed outside the rest of the code (which is in the .apk file), you are left with a stand alone .odex file.
There are plenty of good reasons to have stand alone .odex files. They make boot times faster (especially the first boot), by building the Dalvik-cache as the system is booted. They also save some space by pointing to the Android framework whenever possible, and allow the application developer to optimize his or her programs. But having seperate.odex files isn't very hacker friendly.
Deodexing
Deodexing files means taking the stand alone .odex file and the .apk file, and rebuilding them so that all of this pre-built application information is contained inside the .apk file instead of its own file. The pre-built data for the Dalvik VM is now in a classes.dex file inside the .apk file, like in the picture above. That makes the .apk files a bit bigger, and they can't be pre-loaded when the system is fired up. But they can be reverse engineered by hackers and themers.
With all the code and data for the program in one place, you can use tools to "unbuild" the app and edit it however you like. This is how themes and tweaks like battery percentage mods are made for "stock" ROMs. After a developer makes his or her changes, they then rebuild the .apk file and the changes can run. This won't affect any other part of the system because none of the code or data is being shared with other apps.
Which should you choose?
That's really up to you, and what your needs will be, but I suggest flashing a deodex version whenever possible. Yes, odex ROMs boot faster, but you really only notice it on the very first boot when all the system apps are pre-cached by the Dalvik VM. You can also save a good bit of space by using odex files, but this space is all in the system partition and won't give you room for more apps if your phone or tablet uses a separate application partition. With todays modern phones and their multi-core processors and huge banks of RAM, you won't even notice any faster application loading times.
If you want to do things like change the status bar, or theme TouchWiz or Sense, you'll need a deodex ROM. You'll also need a deodex ROM to do some of the really cool deep system tweaks like changing the settings menu or edits to the framework. In short, if you've already unlocked your bootloader and rooted, and you're ready for a custom ROM, choosing a deodexed version is probably the best choice. You'll be amazed at the things these crazy developers can come up with, and you'll surely run into a few you want to try for yourself.
MURRAY COUNTY, Ga. -- A man who allegedly shot and killed his wife, then barricaded himself inside of a home eventually turned the gun on himself, officials confirmed on Monday.
The Murray County Sherriff's Office received a 911 call of a person shot around 9:58 a.m. Monday.
Once on the scene, they found a woman had been shot in the stomach. She was rushed to Murray Medical Center but was soon pronounced dead. Her name has not yet been released.
Deputies checked other locations where they suspected the husband may be hiding and found him at a mobile home on North Holly Drive.
After he refused to come out of the residence, Chatsworth police called in a negotiator to get the husband to surrender, but it didn't work. Sheriff Gary Langford told 11Alive that the husband, instead, threatened to kill himself and officers.
A negotiator with the Georgia State Patrol gave it a try, but the husband continued to refuse.
Officers threw eight to 10 canisters of tear gas into the home but then heard a single gunshot. Sheriff Langford said that, moments later, the husband walked out of the home with a bullet wound to the head. He was taken by ambulance to the hospital in critical condition.
Police have since obtained a search warrant for the home as the investigation into the crime continues.
OSLO (Reuters) - A 2015 global pact for fighting climate change will benefit in some ways at least if U.S. President Donald Trump carries out a threat to pull out, backers say, in a shift from gloom about the fate of a deal that took two decades to negotiate.
The Eiffel tower is illuminated in green with the words "Paris Agreement is Done", to celebrate the Paris U.N. COP21 Climate Change agreement. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
The Paris Agreement requires consensus for all decisions, meaning the withdrawal of a recalcitrant United States would make it easier for emitters such as China and the European Union to design details of a trillion-dollar shift from fossil fuels.
Trump has called man-made climate change a hoax and made a so-far unfulfilled campaign pledge to “cancel” the agreement, saying he wants to promote the domestic fossil fuel industry.
In a step to undo environmental regulations introduced under former President Barack Obama, Trump will sign an order on Tuesday aimed at making it easier for companies to produce energy in the United States.
“There will be some advantages for other countries and there will also be extraordinary disadvantages,” if the U.S. ends up quitting Paris, said Christiana Figueres, an architect of the agreement who was the U.N.'s climate chief in Paris.
“It's not a black and white scenario,” she said.
She said the ideal outcome, both for the United States and other nations, was for Washington to stay and make deep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions. There were better investment prospects for renewable energies such as solar power than coal, she added.
The fear has long been that a pullout of the world's top economy would drain other nations' willingness to cut greenhouse gas emissions under an agreement ratified by nations as diverse as China, Saudi Arabia and African countries.
But there is an emerging rival view that Paris might be better off.
ACHILLES HEEL
“The Achilles heel of the Paris Agreement is that it's built on consensus,” said Johan Rockstrom, director of the Stockholm Resilience Center at Stockholm University.
“It's very difficult to have a negative giant in the room” able to obstruct all decisions, he said, adding that he had swung in recent weeks to reckon that a U.S. pullout would be better overall from an earlier view that it would be a “big failure”.
The Paris Agreement has few binding obligations. It lets all nations set their own goals for fighting climate change and has no penalties for non-compliance.
Governments have set a 2018 deadline to work out a rule book for the Paris Agreement, filling in details, for instance, of how nations will report and monitor their curbs on emissions.
Infographic ID: '2f3oKDV'
Maldives Environment Minister Thoriq Ibrahim - chair of the Alliance of Small Island States whose members fear they are at risk from rising sea levels - urged continued U.S. participation in Paris.
“The closer you look at it, the clearer it becomes that it (the Paris Agreement) also promotes important strategic, economic, and security benefits as well,” he said.
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg also said it would be better for the United States to stay. “But I don't think that it's the end of the Paris Agreement if the United States decides to leave,” she said.
Oliver Geden, of the German Institute for International and Security Affairs, disagreed. A U.S. withdrawal would badly undermine the Paris Agreement and any decisions would be largely irrelevant without the world's biggest economy, he said. “The momentum could fade away pretty soon,” he predicted.
Still, almost 200 nations agreed after Trump's election in November that the world had an “urgent duty” to combat an “alarming and unprecedented” rate of global warming.
“The pace and scale of change already underway in the global economy is remarkable and irreversible,” said Stephanie Pfeifer, head of the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change, a forum with 18 trillion euros ($20 trillion) in assets under management.
“Renewables have already overtaken coal as a global power source, electric vehicles are the growth segment of the auto industry and jobs are being created very rapidly in clean energy,” she said.
The U.S. target under Paris, set by Obama, is to cut emissions by between 26 and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 as part of global efforts to avert more downpours, droughts, heatwaves and floods.
Trump's pro-coal policies are likely to make U.S. emissions cuts less ambitious.
By staying in the Paris Agreement, Trump would also undermine a demand in its Article 4 that successive national climate plans have to be ever deeper cuts. A U.S. pullout would make it easier for backers to argue that the principle has not been violated.
The Paris Agreement sets an over-riding goal of limiting global warming to “well below” two degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times. The United Nations says that current pledges are insufficient to meet that goal.
($1 = 0.9179 euros)
Until now, the VB and C# compilers have been used as black boxes. You put text in, and you get out a binary file. In our long-lead project, codename "Roslyn," we are changing that dynamic by building an API that exposes our compilers' analysis engines. In this session, we'll go in-depth in exploring the Roslyn project and the powerful set of APIs for building "code aware" tools and extensions. In this information-packed session, we'll explore six major Roslyn APIs in depth, covering parsing, retrieving semantic information, analyzing data and control flow, and scripting. Armed with this knowledge, we'll see how easy it is to leverage the APIs to analyze and generate C# and VB source code, add C# scripting support to an application, or even extend the existing C# and VB language service features in Visual Studio.
Columbus Clippers 4, Charlotte Knights 10
Box Score · Clippers fall to 54-47
Shawn Morimando looks like he's quickly put his string of shutouts far behind him. The southpaw was tattooed for eight runs on eight hits in six innings yesterday while walking three and striking out six. He has now given up at least four runs and eight hits in each of his last three starts.
Offensively, Ronny Rodriguez and Tyler Naquin both had multi-hit games but the team simply had way too big of a deficit to overcome.
Akron RubberDucks 3, Binghamton Rumble Ponies 9
Box Score · RubberDucks fall to 49-49
The score was tied 3-3 heading into the sixth inning thanks to a two-run homer from Eric Haase (his 19th) and a multi-hit effort from Luigi Rodriguez, but that wouldn't be enough.
Starting pitcher Matt Esparza had another short outing, giving up three runs on five hits in four innings while walking six and striking out three, but he left the game with the score knotted up.
Unfortunately, David Speer had an even worse outing from the bullpen, giving up six runs (three earned) in less than an inning as Binghamton took a commanding lead they would not relinquish.
Lynchburg Hillcats 6, Frederick Keys 4
Box Score · Hillcats improve to 59-41
The Lynchburg Hillcats were outhit 9-7, but they made their hits count while also taking advantage of two Frederick errors.
Willi Castro and Ka'ai Tom blasted solo home runs and Tom also racked up another three runs batted in with a bases-clearing triple in the first inning.
Starting pitcher Dominic DeMasi, who took his place in the rotation after Shane Bieber was promoted to Akron, pitched very well, giving up just one run on four hits while striking out four and walking one in five innings of work.
Jared Robinson made things interesting by giving up three runs in his inning of relief, but Kieren Lovegrove and Justin Garcia pitched three shutout innings of relief to close out the victory.
Lake County Captains 8, Clinton LumberKings 6
Box Score · Captains improve to 42-57
Brady Aiken won another start. This time, he pitched well through five innings, giving up just two runs, but he ran into trouble in the sixth, getting chased without getting anyone out. His final line was five-plus innings pitched, four runs allowed on six hits while walking three and striking out four.
Thankfully, Aiken received a huge lift from his offense as Emmanuel Tapia blasted his Midwest League-leading 22nd home run and Logan Ice and Luke Wakamatsu both had four-hit games. Ice also went yard with his eighth bomb of the season.
Reliever Dalbert Siri struck out the side to record his 10th save.
Mahoning Valley Scrappers 5, State College Spikes 1
Box Score · Scrappers improve to 21-13
Consistent hitting and excellent pitching was the name of this game yesterday. James Karinchak and Felix Tati combined for eight shutout innings on five hits while striking out five in a great piggy-back tandem.
Offensively, Nolan Jones, Ulysses Cantu, Jesse Berardi, Simeon Lucas and Jonathan Laureano all had multi-hit games in the winning effort.
AZL Indians 4, AZL White Sox 7
Box Score · Indians fall to 6-17
Henry Pujols hitting his fourth home run was pretty much the lone highlight of this ugly performance as the AZL Indians continue to struggle.
Luis Valdez gave up four runs in 2.1 innings, raising his season ERA over eight to take the loss.
DSL Indians 1, DSL Rays2 2
Box Score · Indians fall to 16-25
Mike Garcia pitched great, giving up just one run in six innings, but he got no help from his offense in a no decision.
The Indians managed just three hits, one of them being a triple from Christopher Cespedes, and they committed three errors which resulted in an unearned run that allowed the DSL Rays2 to take the lead for good.
When her best friend is murdered by a deranged killer, Megyn Keith unexpectedly inherits an ancient pendant with strange powers. She is led on a journey of discovery as the powers of the pendant begin to manifest and unravel the mystery concerning whom the murderer is and why they committed the crime. As Megyn gets closer and closer to the truth, she unknowingly becomes the killer's next target. Out of her element and running out of time, she must discover who the real killer is and avenge her best friend's death before she becomes the next victim.
This first book in the Megyn Keith Paranormal Mystery series is fast-paced, filled with memorable characters, and contains plenty of plot twists to keep you guessing until the very end. Author C.L. Wells delivers yet another satisfying read in this new murder mystery novella that leaves you wanting more. Pick it up today!
Anyone remembers IsAnyoneUp.com? The site had a short run, but it caused quite a stir during the time it was active. If you don't recall — or you never had the pleasure / misfortune of visiting the site (or appearing on it) — IsAnyoneUp.com featured nude photos of amateurs. Before you point out that this is the same premise as 95 percent of the sites on our beloved World Wide Web, please note that IAU took things to a whole new level by also featuring links to the social media profiles (specifically, Facebook pages) of the nude amateurs it featured.
And it did all of this without anyone's permission.
Essentially, IAU was a place where you could exact revenge on your ex, or just a one-night-stand, by submitting the nude pics he or she sent you — plus a link to his or her Facebook profile and any other identifying details you wished to include. The site's cultish following (some of whom were voluntarily tattooed with the site's bizarre catchphrase, “no butthole, no care“) would then have the chance to not only see your ex's most intimate bits, but also message him or her on Facebook. And message his or her friends and family and co-workers, also found via Facebook.
And message people they most certainly did.
They also posted some of the nastiest comments ever seen on the Internet — no small feat.
At the site's peak, nearly a quarter of a million people visited IAU every day. It's not an exaggeration to say that appearing on the site could ruin your life.
The site's creator, Hunter Moore, took a bit too much pride in being such a piece of excrement and started to put himself front and center on the site. He hosted parties at clubs across the country and even went on television to pathetically attempt to defend the vicious practices of IAU:
Then, it all came crashing down. One day IAU was operational, the next the domain was redirected to an anti-bullying site. There were rumors that Moore crumbled when faced with the possibility of being taken to court (over and over again) for the images and personal details he'd posted on IAU — especially since it turned out that many of the site's victims were underage.
With IAU gone, the Internet went several months without a place to not only see sexting photos that were never intended to go public, but also the names, addresses and employers of those who took the photos. A few imitators popped up, but nothing caught on. Moore kept being a douchebag on Twitter, but he maintained a relatively low profile.
Those several months are now over. Moore is back and still aiming to ruin lives. He just launched HunterMoore.TV (we're not going to give that site a link) and posted a statement in which he reveals that the basic idea of the site is going to be exactly the same as IAU:
My name is Hunter Moore and I created Is Anyone Up.com when I was 24 years old. I was broke and sitting on my parents couch in Sacramento, California with -$124 in my bank account. It was for me and my friends to post pictures of girls we were fucking at the time & somehow someone found it and it became what it was. I sold it because i hated what the media turned it into and it could never be what i wanted it to be and always wanted to troll the lame and boring fad that soccer moms love and thats “bullying”. We had too many hackers too much overhead and way too many legal problems. This time I am doing it right. We are going to start off by launching with all the old IAU content and all new content. The submission page has only been up for five full days and we've done over 7,000 submission within that time. I am creating something that will question if you will ever want to have kids. I am making something very scary but yet fun. If you remember the old IAU you will have it back but with a mobile APP to go along with it and a very strong social networking site of our community. I hope you are all as excited as i am.
We'll see how long this new site lasts, but it's probably safe to say that a few lives will be irreparably harmed even if it's only online for a week.
‘SHOCKWAVES': World's stunning reaction to Pell's horror sex abuse George Pell's explosive guilty verdict on sickening child sex crimes has sent shockwaves reverberating around the world in a “grave blow” for the Pope. Warning: Graphic.
Bolt's vehement defence of George Pell Divisive columnist Andrew Bolt has come out in defence of disgraced Cardinal George Pell, saying he is the victim of a witch hunt.
Creepy find inside bizarre blue sinkhole A groundbreaking mission to the bottom of the Great Blue Hole in Central America has uncovered a mysterious find along the ocean's seabed.
Why I quit: Star's incredible open letter The always honest Emma Thompson has penned an open letter explaining why she just made one of the toughest decisions of her career.
RUSH HOUR: Disturbing find on kid's iPad Live A dad couldn't hold it together when he went through the search history on his eight-year-old son's iPad, making a very concerning discovery about his son's interests.
Woman's awkward airport gaffe goes viral Long-haul air travel isn't always easy. But this woman's struggle at Sydney Airport takes things to a whole other level.
Cooper's ex takes jab at Gaga ‘chemistry' Bradley Cooper's ex-wife has appeared to throw shade at his Oscar's performance with Lady Gaga as his co-star breaks her silence on their connection.
Model's terrifying $5.5k facial A model spent thousands on a designer facial, but it left her with horror side effects — including damaged vision. WARNING: Graphic images
Star's defection rocks cricket world An emerging cricket superstar has sent shockwaves around the sport by changing allegiances just months before the World Cup.
Family could turn $331K into $8.8m A record-breaking payday could be around the corner for an Aspendale family, after their smart-thinking parents collected a string of properties.
Mayors love buildings. They love the opportunities to pose in hard hats, to make their mark on their cities, to leave permanent monuments of their reigns and to demonstrate in the most tangible possible way that Something Is Being Done. Mayors have also been known to use large contracts and profitable planning consents to return favours to their supporters in construction and development and, in some disreputable cases, to take kickbacks themselves.
London mayors have more reasons than most to like planning, architecture and design, as these are areas within their relatively limited range of powers where they have some influence. They oversee the London plan, which guides the future development of the city, and have the power to approve or refuse significant planning applications. They have budgets that can be spent on the city's public spaces.
Ken Livingstone, in his last incarnation as London mayor, pursued a policy of unstoppable growth, based on his belief, since discarded, in the permanent revolution of financial services. Nothing should stand in the way of developers erecting buildings that would serve the banks that would make the money, a portion of which could then be extracted to pay for the affordable housing that was made more necessary by the high property prices caused by the boom in financial services.
He adopted Richard Rogers's idea of the "compact city", that it was good to densify and intensify the centre of London, rather than let it sprawl horizontally into the green belt. The results of his dash for growth, combined with the compact city, were a series of towers pushed through the planning system with Livingstone's support: some, such as the Shard, are now being completed; some are poking their concrete lift cores into the air; some remain computer-generated images awaiting the funds to be turned into reality. Livingstone also pursued, with partial success, a policy of creating "100 public spaces", based on Barcelona's renewal of its streets and squares.
Then came Boris Johnson, who has shown himself as much in love with grand gestures as anyone, although with limited funds to achieve them. He has therefore thrown himself behind the London River Park, a privately financed plan for a series of pontoons floating in the Thames that, while they will have some benches and green stuff here and there, will also have extensive corporate hospitality areas to pay for the project. He backed the Emirates Air Line, a cable car that may or may not be functioning in time for the Olympics, in return for sponsorship which means that the airline will get its name on the tube map. He has slathered the streets with blue cycle lanes, a colour by happy coincidence close to the branding of the sponsor of Boris bikes, Barclays Bank.
He has promoted the Orbit, the 115m-high sculpture by Anish Kapoor next to the Olympic stadium, which reportedly arose from a chat between Boris and its sponsor, Lakshmi Mittal, in the gents' at the World Economic Forum in Davos. And, indeed, unless there is some so far hidden genius to this structure, which will reveal itself once the public is allowed to explore it, it currently looks to me very much like a lot of steel and money pissed into the sky, to no great purpose except the vanity of those involved. Johnson has presented images of the Eiffel Tower visible above Parisian apartment blocks and sincerely seems to believe that the Orbit will be no less impressive seen from the future residential developments on the Olympic site. I doubt it.
He has also backed the revival of the Routemaster bus, with the admirable intention of bringing back a bit of dignity and civility to public transport. These handsome if over-styled objects certainly lift the spirits in rare sightings along the 38 route – there are eight currently in operation – but until they become the standard rather than the exception they will remain in the category of rhetorical flourish.
But if Johnson's monuments suffer from the columnist's love of making a splash, his mayoralty has been more impressive when it comes to things that are barely visible, or about taking stuff away rather than adding it. Recently, without much discussion or brouhaha, railings and barriers disappeared from London's major roads, as part of a programme of "decluttering". The theory is that if pedestrians and cars are less nannied by safety features, they will take greater responsibility for their own actions and behave more safely, with the added benefit that the streets look much better.
The experience of High Street Kensington, which was decluttered some years ago, suggests that it works. No one yet knows for sure if the changes to London's other roads will save lives or cause carnage of Charge of the Light Brigade proportions, and if it's the latter it will come to seem like a very bad idea. Assuming it does not, decluttering represents a significant change in attitude to city streets – they are seen more than places to inhabit than as machines for channelling the movement of people and cars.
Slightly more visible are the removal of the gyratory systems at Piccadilly Circus and elsewhere, and the X-shaped pedestrian crossing at Oxford Circus, devices that rebalance the relationship of pedestrians to vehicles in favour of the former. There is also the remaking of Exhibition Road, an impressive if partly compromised attempt to realise the concept of a "shared surface", where people coexist with cars, on a large scale.
Johnson's officers have been trying to direct limited funds towards reviving London's more obscure zones. There are officially 600 high streets in the capital, and Johnson has available £250m or so to spend on improving them, which works out at less than half a million per high street, which isn't very much. The idea, therefore, is to do a lot with a little, to connect better the suburb of Rainham, for example, with its beautiful marshes; to put up a new sign on the library on Ponders End; to make a street market work better; to spruce up the lesser-known parks. It is arguably the closest any Tory politician has come to realising the fast fading idea of the Big Society.
It's not all that much, but it is in principle an intelligent use of scarce resources and is more effective than a grand plan of Livingstone's for an area called Barking Riverside. This would have used up more than twice the budget at Johnson's disposal for the whole of London on the infrastructure necessary to make it work. Meanwhile Johnson has also introduced minimum standards of space for new homes, including such things as balconies that are large enough to have some use. Developers predicted that this interference with their right to design very mean homes would make house building altogether impossible, but it has not turned out to be the case. Whatever the problems currently afflicting the construction industry, this has turned out to be the least of them.
As for skyscrapers, the recession has reduced the number of controversial proposals landing on Johnson's desk, although he did turn down a ridiculous plan for a huge glass funnel next to Battersea Power Station. On this occasion he resisted the temptation to identify himself with a pointless spike.
This, then, is Borisopolis: a combination of show-off whatsits and fairly sensible stuff. When it comes to public space there is not a fundamental difference between Labour and Tory, Livingstone and Johnson. Both think it's a Good Thing and both have an idea of a city that favours pedestrians and cyclists more than it did before. Johnson and his administration do however deserve credit for getting some things done that make London, in a modest way, a better place to live.
Many people who preordered the Oculus Rift will be waiting significantly longer than expected. After announcing delays because of an "unexpected component shortage," Oculus has now updated the expected ship dates for customers' virtual reality headsets, pushing some back by a month or more. As detailed on a Reddit thread, people who ordered on the first day (sometimes within the first hour) have gotten new ship dates that range from May to June. The very first Rift headsets shipped in late March.
Oculus sent emails to Rift buyers in early April, informing them that filling orders was taking more time than expected and promising new estimates soon. Unsurprisingly, early adopters aren't happy. While there have been attempts to methodically reverse-engineer details that could reveal Oculus' shipping plans, there's not an obvious pattern to how long a given Rift is delayed. Some people have reported getting bumped from March to early May or even June, while others have reported getting May orders delayed only until June — which would make sense if Oculus is planning to have ramped up production by early summer. (For reference, I ordered a Rift about 20 minutes after preorders opened, got an April ship date, and have a new estimate of May 16th to 26th.) If you order a Rift right now, Oculus estimates an August arrival.
Some customers report getting March shipments bumped to May or even June
The HTC Vive faced some problems processing orders earlier this month, but HTC says there will be no delays for its virtual reality headset. "Your Vive system will be shipped in the month noted in your order confirmation email," it promised in a blog post last week, and HTC's VP of virtual reality Daniel O'Brien elaborated on Twitter: "If you received a confirmation for April, you are absolutely going to get your order in April."
We reached out to Oculus for details about the average delay that Rift customers can expect. We also asked how this affects people who bought Oculus Rift PC bundles, which opened for preorders separately. While a spokesperson didn't specifically comment on these questions, she offered an apology from Oculus.
The component shortage impacted our quantities more than we expected, and we've updated the shipment window to reflect these changes. We apologize for the delay. We're delivering Rifts to customers every day, and we're focused on getting Rifts out the door as fast as we can. We've taken steps to address the component shortage, and we'll continue shipping in higher volumes each week. We've also increased our manufacturing capacity to allow us to deliver in higher quantities, faster. Many Rifts will ship less than four weeks from original estimates, and we hope to beat the new estimates we've provided.
We also asked if the shortage would delay the Rift appearing in retail stores — something Oculus previously said would happen this month. "No, it will not," the spokesperson said. "We haven't announced retail plans yet, but more details are coming soon." It's not clear whether this means that many early preorder customers may end up getting their units after they've already started appearing in stores.
Oculus isn't charging for preorders until they actually ship, so at the very least, no one is paying for something they haven't received — and anyone who waits is getting their $50 shipping fee waived on the $600 order. Oculus has said that the free units that original Kickstarter backers are receiving come from "a different allocation," so they hopefully won't face the same delays. Of course, given how long it took to ship the original Rift development kits, Kickstarter backers should be used to waiting by now.
Update April 12th, 1PM and 2:30PM ET: Added statements from Oculus.
Science has taught us that the good bacteria living inside our tummies help us stay healthy. But what can we do to return the favor? We know that antibiotics can be a problem; while they're effective at getting rid of harmful bugs, they don't discriminate, killing friendly bacteria as well. What can we do to support the good guys?
Probiotics are popular option, and they have many benefits, but there is something you can do to fortify your tiny allies.
A new paper published in Nature Chemical Biology highlights the important role of some unusual sugars found in leafy greens. The researchers found a new enzyme produced by bacteria, fungi and other organisms, which allows them to feed on this unusual sugar named sulfoquinovose (SQ), the only sugar molecule known to contain sulfur.
But SQ is not rare. It's estimated that each year, leafy greens like spinach and kale produce as much of this sugar in their leaves as the world's total iron ore production, which is 3.2 billion metric tons in 2014, according to U.S. Geological Survey data. So the question is how to harness that power.
Listen to your grandma and eat your leafy greens. They're even better for you than previously believed. (Photo: woodleywonderworks/flickr)
This discovery could help us understand how to encourage the growth of protective gut bacteria and help them better colonize our digestive system, protecting us against harmful invaders.
“Bacteria in the gut, such as crucial protective strains of E. coli, use SQ as a source of energy. E. coli provides a protective barrier that prevents growth and colonisation by bad bacteria, because the good bugs are taking up all the habitable real estate,” explains Dr. Goddard-Borger of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute and the lead author of the study. “E. coli is a key bacterial coloniser needed by our gut. We speculate that consumption of this specific molecule within leafy greens will prove to be an important factor in improving and maintaining healthy gut bacteria and good digestive health.”
Professor Spencer Williams from the Bio21 Institute and The University of Melbourne and professor Gideon Davies from the University of York in the U.K. were the other key players behind this research.
The scientists also solved a 50-mystery: an enzyme called YihQ is used by gut bacteria to break down the sulfur-bearing SQ sugars. By better understanding these processes, the researchers may be able to use this knowledge to develop a new class of antibiotics to fight microbes that have evolved a resistance to common antibiotics.
“We think it will be possible to use these widespread enzymes to enable highly specific delivery of antibiotics to harmful forms of E. coli and other pathogens, such as Salmonella, responsible for food poisoning, while leaving the good gut bacteria untouched,” says Borger.
Friendly gut bacteria love leafy greens
A special sugar in these greens keeps good bacteria happy.
Crowdfunded billboards appear in districts of lawmakers who voted to gut Internet privacy and allow ISPs to sell consumer data
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, May 3, 2017
Contact: Evan Greer, 978-852-6457, press@fightforthefuture.org
“You Betrayed Us” billboards unveiled today targeting Congress members Blackburn, Flake, Rutherford, and Heller
Today Internet activists unleashed billboards in the districts of lawmakers who take large contributions from the telecom industry and voted in March to slash Internet privacy protections, allowing Internet Service Providers (ISPs) like Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon to collect and sell their customer's personal information without permission.
The billboards were organized by Fight for the Future, a leading anti-censorship and digital rights organization, and paid for through hundreds of small donations collected through a crowdfunding page.
See photos of some of the billboards here: http://imgur.com/a/jgdhJ
“Congress voting to gut Internet privacy was one of the most blatant displays of corruption in recent history,” said Tiffiniy Cheng, co-founder of Fight for the Future, “They might think that they've gotten away with it, but they're wrong. These billboards are just the latest example of the growing public backlash to these attacks on our Internet freedom and privacy.”
“Members of Congress who help monopolies get richer while undermining our online privacy and attacking net neutrality will soon see that they can't hide from the public on these issues,” she added, “Everyone who drives by one of these billboards will know exactly how much money these lawmakers took in exchange for selling off their basic right to use the web safely, and handing their most personal information to advertisers.”
By using the CRA to gut the FCC broadband privacy rules, these lawmakers voted to allow Internet Service Providers to:
Monitor and sell customer's location data, search history, app usage, and browsing habits to advertisers without your permission
Hijack customer's search results, redirecting their traffic to paying third parties
Insert ads into web pages that would otherwise not have them
Fight for the Future was instrumental in the massive grassroots campaign that successfully pushed the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to enact the strongest net neutrality protections in US. history last year. They built the page BattleForTheNet.com, which was responsible for more than ¼ of all the net neutrality comments received by the FCC during its feedback process, and were behind the Internet Slowdown protest, which was supported by more than 40,000 websites including some of the largest on the Web like Kickstarter, Etsy, Netflix, and Tumblr.
The group also helped take the fight for net neutrality into the streets with creative protest campaigns like Occupy the FCC and the nationwide Internet Emergency protests.
Fight for the Future is best known for their role in the massive online protests against SOPA, the Stop Online Piracy Act, and continues to organize many of the largest protests in the history of the Internet. Over the summer, they organized the high profile Rock Against the TPP tour featuring many celebrities and well known musicians. Learn more at FightFortheFuture.org
###
eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles
eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly compatible singles. eharmony's matching is based on using its 29 DIMENSIONS® model to match couples based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships.
eharmony is committed to helping singles find love every day and we are confident in our ability to do so. The eharmony Compatibility Matching System® matches single women and men based on 29 Dimensions® of Compatibility for lasting and fulfilling relationships. Try our free dating experience today!
Traditional Internet dating can be challenging for those singles looking for love that lasts - but eharmony is not a traditional dating site. Of all the single men or women you may meet online, very few will be compatible with you specifically, and it can be difficult to determine the level of compatibility of a potential partner through methods of conventional dating services – browsing classified ads, online personals, or viewing profile photos. Our Compatibility Matching System does the work for you by narrowing the field from thousands of single prospects to match you with a select group of compatible matches with whom you can build a quality relationship.
The Supreme Court has dismissed a PIL that challenged the suspension of Durga Shakti Nagpal by the Uttar Pradesh government.
The court had reportedly said that the suspension order had to be challenged in an 'appropriate forum'.
The PIL was filed on Monday, 29 June, by social activist Nutan Thakur.
The Supreme Court also issued a notice to the UP government demanding an explanation as to why Dalit writer Kanwal Bharti, who had criticised the government on Facebook, was arrested.
In the petition, Thakur alleged that illegal mining and illegal constructions are problems plaguing the entire country. She added that the Supreme Court had also issued a notice to state governments regarding it and Nagpal's actions were right in this regard.
Contending that the action taken against Nagpal was arbitrary, unconstitutional and malafide, the PIL has sought quashing of all proceedings against the 2010 batch IAS officer who had clamped down on the mining mafia in Gautam Budh Nagar area of UP.
With the SC dismissing the PIL, one more option has closed for the IAS officer. The Samajwadi Party has been refusing to revoke the suspension on the basis that it acted correctly.
The 28-year-old Sub-Divisional Magistrate was suspended on 27 July ostensibly for ordering the demolition of the wall of an under-construction mosque in a village in Noida without following the due process.
The UP government had on 4 August served a charge sheet on the officer, asking her to submit an explanation for her conduct.
Nagpal had taken on the sand mafia in the state. According to reports, several SP leaders are hand-in-glove with the sand mafia in the state. In a video that surfaced today, Samajwadi Party leader Narendra Bhati is shown boasting of how he ‘got rid' of the IAS officer in just 40 minutes. Reports have alleged that Bhati is a close associate of Omendra Khari a big player in the illegal quarrying business.
The case has generated huge publicity and has had massive political implications.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to ensure Nagpal was not treated unfairly, prompting angry outbursts from within the SP. Senior leader Naresh Aggarwal said that the party would not support the Food Security Bill, while Ram Gopal Yadav told the centre to recall IAS officers.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The past 3 weeks have lead up to tonight's tournament. 16 Players will be duking it out in our Fleet Finale to claim their part of the $150 prize and OSC points from sc2online.com
1st Place: $80 / 120 OSC Points
2nd Place: $40 / 80 OSC Points
3rd Place: $20 / 50 OSC Points
4th Place: $10 / 30 OSC Points
5th-6th: 15 OSC Points
7th-8th: 10 OSC Points
9th-16th: 2.5 OSC Points
Players will play in a double elimination tournament with a third place prize. The winner of the losers bracket will play a 1-2 match style final, with the winner of the losers bracket winning two bo5's to be crowned champion and the winner of the winner's bracket needing to win only one bo5.
The games kick off at 6PM Pacific, and we hope you're ready for some heart pounding Starcraft 2 action cast by @DrennoC and @feardragon64 on our Twitch channel. If you can't tune in, make sure to give us a follow @Proxy_Tempest to stay up to date on all the matches.
Imagine your child or younger sibling heading to the internet and comes across an explicit website with pornographic content and find it interesting. There are very high chances that he or she will click on it to investigate. However, the porn website only asks the visitor two questions—whether he or she is 18 years and above. Obviously, the visitor can overrule the query to enter the website without any verification if he or she is above 18 years old.
In short, anyone can enter a porn website by simply clicking yes, ‘I am over 18 years of age'. So how should a porn website prevent a child from entering without proper verification of age?
In the offline world, if someone wants to purchase porn video CDs or DVDs, or watch an adult-rated movie in a theatre, he or she is asked for an age proof before being permitted. In the online world, there is no verification done, whatsoever, and this needs to be implemented urgently.
Pornography can be kept away from children using parental control software. However, implementing parental control rules needs a little expertise in order to be effective. And on the other hand, how many computers today have parental controls enabled or implemented? Walk down to a cybercafé and everything is open to all.
The Telegraph reported that, in order to tackle the issue from the root itself, British Politician Sajid Javid said that the British Political Party Tories will introduce new controls to stop children viewing pornography on the internet.
Sajid said that porn websites should be subject to an identical level of age verification, which is presently practiced by high street retailers selling porn video CDs and DVDs. He also said that, as a father of four young children himself, he is extremely worried about “how easy it is for them to view explicit material”, and the damage it could do to the young minds.
“That is why we need effective controls online that apply to UK and overseas. This is about giving children the best start in life; we do not want to prevent adults from accessing legal content but we do want to protect our children from harmful material, so they are free to develop a healthy attitude to sex and relationships,” says Javid.
The political party wants porn websites to have checks on visitors to be more effective than simply requiring someone to put in their date of birth.
The Telegraph also reported that a survey by NSPCC's Childline service in the UK has found nearly one in every eight children (aged between 12 and 13) have made or been part of a sexually explicit video. The survey also found almost 9 per cent of the same age group is worried about being addicted to pornography. 18 per cent have seen pornographic images that have shocked or upset them.
The report states that there will be a regulator established to oversee pornographic websites and ensure that they have the necessary controls in place. The regulator will also be given the power to make Internet Service Providers to block the websites that fail to implement the controls.
Controls should be similar to electronic checks implemented by most betting websites, which verify the people's age by matching their names with official records, and so on. With devices such as smartphones, tablets, laptops and alike around the place, it could get even easier to access porn websites as they do not feature efficient a parental control system.
Hence, porn websites will have to adhere to the new rules of age verification or face blackouts.
(Images in the article are for representational purposes only)
Click on Deccan Chronicle Technology and Science for the latest news and reviews. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA – Following a heated Twitter fracas surrounding pirates and piracy, Justin “Marvelous” Wong has announced that he is banning himself from the 2016 Capcom Pro Tour for Street Fighter V.
The incident began following an overwhelming victory in Mad Catz's V Cup by Official Unofficial Capcom Beta-Tester Long "LPN" Nguyen. Twitter was set aflame by angry top players claiming that Mr. Nguyen had an unfair advantage due to possession of an illegal pirate copy of the game. Among the most vocal of these accusers was Evil Geniuses's own Mr. Wong, a player who was unable to enter the tournament due to his Uber Black Car not being able to make it to the venue on time.
Mr. Wong launched a Twitter campaign with the aim of banning gamers who have practiced piracy from entering tournaments. This campaign, emblazoned with the hashtag #banthepirates , was approved by several prominent tournament organizers, and Capcom itself.
When this FGCNN reporter asked if he would download a Pizza, Mr. Wong enthusiastically replied, “Are you kidding me? Of course I would!”. Mr. Nguyen was unavailable for comment, as he was busy continuing to train on his pirated copy of the game and counting the $30 he won at a tournament that no one will remember a month from now. A spokesperson from Capcom refused comment, and was later seen delivering what appeared to be a Playstation 4 development console to a home in the Hillsdale neighborhood of San Mateo, California.
Is Mr. Wong a true paragon of virtue? Is Mr. Nguyen a dirty, cheating scoundrel who gained an unfair competitive advantage by downloading a torrent any idiot can find on Kick Ass Torrents? Is the Capcom Police Department complicit in this wave of organized cheating and early access? Can I get a copy? Let us know in the comments below!
x
About
Waterator wants to bring their very first product to market, it is called the Peon. You plug this little guy into the wall and then put him in the soil of a potted plant, and he begins to water your plant automatically just from the water vapor in the air. That's all there is to it, nothing else is needed, just electricity and humidity and it will happily take care of all your household plants.
Waterator Industries Inc. has created this revolutionary device, that allows you to forget about ever needing to water your plants again. Water is in the air all around us and our Peon will extract that water from the air and feed it to your Plant. The Peon has three watering settings, depending upon the size of your plant.
Never Need To Water Your Plants Yourself
Great For Vacationers, No More Needing Your Friends To Come Water Your Plants
Great For Your Second Home
No More Over Watering
No More Under Watering
Save Time Never Have To Change The Battery
Saving The Local Water Grid From Depletion
Save Your Plant And Save Money
Attractive Design To Accentuate Your Plant
Electricity Consumption = 0.0154KW Continuous
5.9c per KWh from BC Hydro, which costs 2.2 cents per day
FCC Approved - 12 Volt DC Power Supply
1-Year Warranty (Product Life Expectancy 5-10 Years)
Batteries Not Required
Made From 100% Recycled Plastic. Eco Friendly
Sells For $29.95 + S&H
Approximately 70% of the fresh water used by humans goes to agriculture.
Approximately one billion people still lack access to safe water and over 2.5 billion lack access to adequate sanitation.
Water plays an important role in the world economy, as it functions as a solvent for a wide variety of chemical substances and facilitates industrial cooling and transportation.
Grey water composes 50–80% of residential waste water generated by a household's sanitation equipment Currently, about a billion people around the world routinely drink unhealthy water.
Water, however, is not a finite resource, but rather re-circulated as potable water in precipitation in quantities many degrees of magnitude higher than human consumption. Therefore, it is the relatively small quantity of water in reserve in the earth (about 1% of our drinking water supply, which is replenished in aquifers around every 1 to 10 years), that is a non-renewable resource, and it is, rather, the distribution of potable and irrigation water which is scarce, rather than the actual amount of it that exists on the earth.
Some 50 countries, with roughly a third of the world's population, also suffer from medium or high water stress, and 17 of these extract more water annually than is recharged through their natural water cycles. Irrigation takes up to 90% of water withdrawn in some developing countries and significant proportions in more economically developed countries (United States, 30% of freshwater usage is for irrigation).
A fifth of the world's people, more than 1.2 billion, live in areas of physical water scarcity, where there is not enough water to meet all demands.
A further 1.6 billion people live in areas experiencing economic water scarcity, where the lack of investment in water or insufficient human capacity make it impossible for authorities to satisfy the demand for water.
Well, considering there is less than 3% of drinkable water in the world it is a good idea to help keep as much of that as possible for human consumption. So, instead of putting clean drinking water on your various plants, you pull it from the air. Approximately 1% of our planet's water is also in the air and is instantly replenished through the various natural processes and is therefore an inexhaustible source of water. With this technology, you have the ability to make water that is actually better for your plants than the treated water that comes from the tap, and saves the drinking water for better uses.
Designed to be small and appealing to the eye it will eventually come in many versions to suit your tastes and only needs access to an outlet and humidity to keep an average sized houseplant watered for 5-10 years.
In the box you will find:
The Peon – 11cm length, 7.5cm tall and 8.25cm wide
12V AC to DC transformer = 9cm length, 3.5cm in width and 4.75cm plus cord
Watering stake which you will need to insert into the bottom of the device and is placed into the soil: 5.5 cm long, 4cm wide by 2.75cm deep
Last piece, the Soil Stake will insert next to the watering stake on the bottom, if you are using the Peon for a pot that is less than 5 inches, and can also be placed anywhere in the soil, 5.25cm long, 3cm wide and 1.5 cm deep
Waterator Industries is a small company and outsources most of its needs to various companies to help keep internal costs low, as well as to be able to improve their manufacturing capabilities at a moments notice. This allows us to put most of the funds received directly into building inventory as well as creating new products.
The company and their products were created during a time when our economy was in decline and money for new projects was limited. Never giving up hope they moved forward funding it completely out of their own pockets, knowing the end goal was worth it. With personal funds expended, we are now reaching out to the public to help complete the dream.
Many people would enjoy using a several peon in their house. People with mobility issues, those that vacation often, someone with very expensive plants, a person with many plants, those that have plants in hard to reach locations or anyone that wants to be part of a new water conservation effort.
Kickstarter Campaign Begins
1 Months - Kickstarter Campaign Ends, Patent Process Begins, Mold creation for Mass Production Begins
3 Months - Mold for Peon finished, Begin Mass production for Rewards
4-6 Months - Begin Shipping peons for rewards
Waterator Industries Inc. (“Waterator” or The “Company”) has been formed to develop innovative, first to market “air to water” products for non-consumable purposes. The core technology used converts the humidity in the air (water vapor) to water and functions according to a very simple principle – water vapor is a gas that easily mingles with air and when it cools it cannot hold its moisture
These well-established technologies have been researched fairly extensively for drinking water applications and considerable headway has been made. Issues have included the relatively high energy costs as well as technical issues associated with control of bacteria and viruses. However, there is a very significant gap in the market for a variety of other applications. Obviously, water is used for many industries, including support for plant life and other purposes (washing, fighting fires, filling swimming pools, sanitation). These other uses are the focus of Waterator. Water scarcity is becoming a reality and there is increasing attention being paid to water conservation. Municipalities are instituting water metering system to pass along the real cost of water and reduce demand.
John Heary – Chief Executive Officer
John Heary is an entrepreneur and inventor, over the last 25 years he has created a number of different inventions, including "The Peon". He also brings over 20 years of investor relations, business development, and corporate finance experience.
Lance Morginn - President
Mr. Morginn is an entrepreneur with over 15 years of business experience in managing and financing both private and public companies. Highly regarded for his management skills, network of contacts and attention to detail. Mr. Morginn has successfully owned, managed, directed and advised private and public companies in financings, mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructurings and investor relations since 1995. He has been a director or officer of over 10 public companies listed on the TSX Venture Exchange and OTCQB/X stock exchanges. Lance was the founder of one of the first web development companies in Vancouver by the name of Webworks Multimedia and started a secondary one, Western Shores Interactive which grew to more than 100 employees.
Brandon Toth - Director
Brandon Toth has spent the last 10 years specializing in startup and turnaround companies assisting with administration and executive duties as needed. Bringing a wide variety of skills to the company like marketing, sales and business strategy he has been brought in to bring the company to the next stages of development. His experience with both public and private companies working in many position gives him the flexibility to take on any role in order to keep the company moving forward.
Photo by Ben Moffat and Ben Moffat | The State Press A helicopter circles above the Tempe campus on Monday, Nov. 2, 2015. ASU Police are investigating a shooting threat made against the University last night on the anonymous internet message board 4chan.
By Kelcie Grega | 11/04/15 12:50am
ASU Police Department has announced that the social media threat made against ASU Monday was traced to a 12-year-old boy in Canada.
Police said in a statement posted to its public Facebook page that the discovery was made through a collaboration with other authorities.
"Law enforcement officials determined through investigative work that the threat, which originated from the youth's online conversations on a gaming website, was not credible. The incident caused disruption on the ASU campus and the use of considerable resources to track it down," the statement read.
The 12-year-old apologized for his actions after he was contacted by Canadian authorities, according to the statement.
"Because this individual is a juvenile, his name will not be released and preliminary information was that no charges would be filed," the statement read.
Reach the news editor at kgrega@asu.edu or follow @kelciegrega on Twitter
Like The State Press on Facebook and follow @statepress on Twitter.
Related Stories
���Things tend to kinda roll down hill to the front line managers and they first have to believe that it's really OK to do this and then they have to believe that it's valued.…If managers were told that this was not only OK to do but that it was expected — and if they were recognized and rewarded when they do it, they would do it.” — IRS Union Chief Maureen Kelley at the White House explaining the way the federal government bureaucracy works.
*****
“Good afternoon and welcome to the White House. I'm Valerie Jarrett, a senior advisor to President Obama…”
So begins a series of seven White House videotapes from March 31, 2010 — the day before, as now reported by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration — the IRS buckled down to the task of targeting the Tea Party.
The tapes, made by the White House for its “Council on Women and Girls” and the Council's “Conversation on Workplace Flexibility,” reveal a close working relationship between the White House, the IRS union chief and, in addition, two ABC journalists.
As Jarrett opened the event for the small audience of elites sitting in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building's small auditorium adjacent to and part of the White House complex, present was Colleen Kelley, the President of the National Treasury Employees Union. The IRS union. Ms. Kelley herself rose to the union presidency after serving fourteen years as an IRS agent.
On the stage where Ms. Jarrett was speaking was ABC senior correspondent Claire Shipman, who was about to serve that day as the moderator of the event's initial panel. Shipman, who is married to Obama White House press secretary Jay Carney, was introduced by Jarrett not as the wife of an administration official but rather in her professional role as the “senior national correspondent for ABC News/Good Morning America.”
In an event closed to the press, there was one other journalist present — who would boast of her influence inside the Obama Administration. Said Jarrett: “I also wanted to acknowledge journalist Cokie Roberts. Cokie, where are you?” Ms. Roberts, listed these days by ABC News as “a political commentator for ABC News, providing analysis for all network news programming” and also an NPR contributor, was in the front row. Where within minutes she would be joined by the speaker Jarrett was about to introduce — First Lady Michelle Obama.
After some 51 minutes, during which Jarrett and the First Lady spoke, with Shipman moderating the leadoff panel, the group broke up into five “breakout” sessions, each moderated by a member of the president's staff.
Kelley participated in “Breakout 5” on “The Changing American Workforce,” moderated by Obama aide (and former Ted Kennedy staffer) Melody Barnes, Director of the White House Domestic Policy Council.
ABC's Roberts participated in “Breakout 1” on “The Benefits of Workplace Flexibility,” moderated by then-Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers Christina Romer.
ABC's Shipman participated in “Breakout 2”on “Best Practices Day-to-Day,” moderated by General Services Administrator Martha Johnson and attended by Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis.
The event made news in May when it was revealed in this space that IRS union chief Kelley was listed by the White House Visitors Log as meeting “POTUS” (President of the United States) on March 31 — as mentioned the day before the IRS began targeting the Tea Party and conservative groups in earnest, according to the IG report. Kelley's interview in February of 2009 was also cited, in which the union president boasted that she had already been to the White House three times in the month following the president's inaugural and that she viewed the union's relationship with the Obama White House as one of “collaboration” and “partnership.” One of the questions asked in that column was this one:
“What was the subject of the Obama-Kelley March 31, 2010 meeting?”
The answer quickly emerged in this statement from Kelley, released after the appearance of the column:
On March 31, 2010, NTEU President Colleen M. Kelley attended the White House Forum on Workplace Flexibility at the Old Executive Office Building. The forum was attended by approximately 200 attendees including business leaders, workers, policy experts and labor representatives discussing telework and worklife balance issues. Attendees were broken into five groups to discuss workplace issues. The president made opening remarks. President Kelley did not have any direct contact with the president or the first lady. President Kelley has never discussed the tea party with the president. Below is a description of the March 2010 forum from the White House web site: On March 31, 2010, President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama and the White House Council on Women and Girls hosted the White House Forum on Workplace Flexibility. The Forum brought together small business owners, corporate leaders, workers, policy experts, and labor leaders to explore the importance of creating workplace practices that allow America's working men and women to meet the demands of their jobs without sacrificing the needs of their families. Building on the momentum coming out of that forum, the Administration is hosting follow-up forums around the country and encourages others to convene events in their communities to engage in dialogue and take action on this important issue.
Sounds innocent enough, yes?
But a detailed examination of the videos reveals Kelley's eye-opening description of how the federal bureaucracy really works. A statement that was echoed separately by Shipman in her “Breakout Session 2.” Unwittingly, they confirm exactly the charge made by an anonymous IRS official in Cincinnati that “everything comes from the top.”
A close look also reveals a stunning admission from Roberts of her own influence in the Obama White House as she openly boasts about directly influencing policy through Valerie Jarrett.
First, Kelley.
Remember here that the subject of this entire forum was “workplace flexibility.” In the video for Kelley's Breakout Session 5 the IRS union chief makes a point of explaining how the federal bureaucracy that is staffed by her union members works, bold emphasis mine:
“Things tend to kinda roll downhill to the front line managers and they first have to believe that it's really OK to do this and then they have to believe that it's valued. …If managers were told that this was not only OK to do but that it was expected — and if they were recognized and rewarded when they do it, they would do it.”
Stop.
What is the IRS story of the last few days? That's right, the story that the IRS is set to pay out $70 million in “bonuses.”
In the middle of the sequester and a chorus of calls for spending cuts, the IRS is set to hand out $70 million in bonuses? Or is there more here than meets the eye?
Look again at Kelley's frank explanation of how the federal bureaucracy works.
“If managers were told that this was not only OK to do but that it was expected — and if they were recognized and rewarded when they do it, they would do it.”
Understood? According to Kelley, the IRS bureaucracy takes its cues from the “things that kinda roll downhill.” And that if IRS bureaucrats realize that something “was not only OK to do but that it was expected — and if they were …rewarded when they do it, they would do it.”
Separately, in her own “breakout session,” Shipman made the same point about how organizations work, saying:
“If they don't see it coming from the top…it doesn't tend to happen.”
All of which puts this $70 million dollars-worth of bonuses under brand-new scrutiny and raises an explosive question.
That question?
Is a refusal to cancel this bonus out of concern that it is effectively no longer a bonus — but hush money? Spread out along previously agreed, pre-scandal methods. But knowing that someone or some collection of someones in the IRS may have more of an incentive to talk openly to Congressman Darrell Issa's congressional investigators if the bonus they once expected is suddenly not forthcoming?
Is it crazy to think like this after Watergate? Hardly.
Let's focus now on the presence of Shipman and Roberts at this event, an event closed to the very White House reporters Shipman's husband Jay Carney has to deal with every day.
To illustrate how easily an astute media observer can get things wrong, recall this from Bernard Goldberg on the June 15 edition of The O'Reilly Factor. In a discussion about the relationships of journalists with Obama administration officials, Goldberg specifically cited the husband-wife Carney/Shipman relationship and said this:
“Let's use an easy example. Jay Carney is the President's spokesperson, spokesman. He's married to Claire Shipman, an ABC News correspondent. There's no way ABC News is letting her anywhere near the White House, OK? That's not what troubles me.”
So here is Goldberg insisting that “there's no way ABC News is letting her anywhere near the White House, OK?”…and…yes indeed. There is reporter Shipman sitting there in the flesh on stage at an official White House event, sharing the stage literally with Valerie Jarrett and First Lady Michelle Obama, then taking the controls to moderate an official White House event. Then she goes and participates in “Breakout Session 2,” where she is yet again a participant in an official panel run by Obama GSA Administrator Johnson, sitting just down and across from the Obama Secretary of Labor. Then she heads back for the final session, sitting in the front row when the President himself comes in to conclude the forum.
But Shipman's behavior pales with that of Roberts. Singled out by Jarrett at the beginning of the forum, Roberts says nothing until she appears in “Breakout Session 1.” At which time, incredibly, the ABC News/NPR journalist says this, bold emphasis mine:
“In recent days I actually sort of showed up on Valerie Jarrett's doorstep and said ‘We need to talk about this Council on Women and Girls and get it going and move it along. I feel very strongly that these issues are all about productivity and competition for the United States of America….'”
Got that?
Here is a veteran Washington journalist for ABC and NPR saying flat-out that she, Cokie Roberts, “showed up” on the doorstep of the senior advisor to the President of the United States and demanded that they “talk about this Council on Women and Girls and get it going and move it along…”
And it got done.
Now.
What we are witnessing here in what might be initially viewed by some as a sleep-inducing government non-event is in fact very illustrative of the problem at the IRS as well as with the liberal media.
IRS union chief Kelley is there, and describes in blunt fashion that the federal bureaucracy — the IRS — works in a top-down fashion. That the bureaucrats follow the lead of those at the top. Shipman, like Kelley discussing workplace flexibility, makes the same point.
This is of course is exactly what those stories, like this one from the Wall Street Journal's Kim Strassel.
Strassel began her May 19 column this way:
Was the White House involved in the IRS's targeting of conservatives? No investigation needed to answer that one. Of course it was. President Obama and Co. are in full deniability mode, noting that the IRS is an “independent” agency and that they knew nothing about its abuse. The media and Congress are sleuthing for some hint that Mr. Obama picked up the phone and sicced the tax dogs on his enemies. But that's not how things work in post-Watergate Washington. Mr. Obama didn't need to pick up the phone. All he needed to do was exactly what he did do, in full view, for three years: Publicly suggest that conservative political groups were engaged in nefarious deeds; publicly call out by name political opponents whom he'd like to see harassed; and publicly have his party pressure the IRS to take action.
Strassel's story in the WSJ and the story of that anonymous IRS official in Cincinnati have now been confirmed by both Kelley and Shipman.
What these seven videos illustrate in vivid fashion is how the Washington elite works.
Kelley, whose IRS union endorsed Obama twice and has repeatedly given 90-plus percent of the NTEU's campaign contributions to Democrats in Congress, is given access to a no-press event with the President's top advisers — including Jarrett, Romer, Barnes and Labor Secretary Solis — an event that includes the First Lady and the President himself.
Question: When the President left the stage and the event “concluded” — was there a reception for all the attendees? A not uncommon practice in the White House? Giving all the participants a chance to schmooze and network with each other in, say the fancy EOB Indian Treaty Room or some such? A chance to discuss… hmmm. What, exactly? The Tea Party?
Just asking.
But without doubt, the news here is that one more piece of the IRS puzzle has been found.
The IRS union chief says the example for the bureaucracy “kinda” rolls downhill from the top. That if bureaucrats “ believe that it's really OK to do this and…if managers were told that this was not only OK to do but that it was expected — and if they were recognized and rewarded when they do it, they would do it.”
A point that now gives the $70 million bonus issue a new cast. Is it just more arrogant IRS behavior — or does it mask an effort at paying hush money?
Last but not least there is the role of ABC journalists Shipman and Roberts. Shipman for directly participating in an Obama White House event not as a spouse — her relationship to Carney was in fact never mentioned — but as a correspondent for ABC News.
And Roberts for boasting that, yes in fact, it was she who got the ball rolling on this particular Obama policy initiative. Something she accomplished because “I actually sort of showed up on Valerie Jarrett's door step and said ‘We need to talk about this Council on Women and Girls and get it going and move it along.'”
What do we have in these White House videotapes?
The Washington Inside Game.
Is there any wonder no one trusts the IRS or the media?
﻿Photo: UPI (“First Lady Michelle Obama delivers remarks while Good Morning America correspondent Clair Shipman (R) listens at the White House Council on Women and Girls' Forum on workplace flexibility in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building adjacent to the White House in Washington on March 31, 2010.”)
For the second time in a little over a month, the White House on Friday was forced to distance itself from a person implicated in criminal activity on President Trump's behalf.
“Today, Michael Flynn, a former National Security Adviser at the White House for 25 days during the Trump administration, and a former Obama administration official, entered a guilty plea to a single count of making a false statement to the FBI,” Trump's lawyer wrote in a statement.
The implication is that Flynn was removed from the president, just some guy who'd worked for Obama and who temporarily served Trump in the White House. It's nonsense both because of what we know about Flynn's time with Trump, and because of how hard Trump once fought to defend his friend.
Flynn was one of the first passengers on the Trump train. By late February 2016, he was reported to be advising Trump's presidential campaign; over the course of the next nine months he became a critical and visible surrogate for the candidate. When Trump was criticized for a lack of endorsements from the national security establishment, he had a Flynn card, a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency — under Barack Obama, no less! — who would advocate on his behalf.
Flynn was awarded time to speak during the Republican convention that July. He gave a fiery speech, excoriating Hillary Clinton as having committed criminal acts and joining the crowd in a chant of “lock her up.”
“If I did a tenth of what she did,” Flynn said of Clinton during that speech, “I would be in jail today!”
The criminal charges revealed Friday morning moved Flynn significantly closer to that fate. Special counsel Robert S. Mueller III unveiled documents showing that Flynn lied to federal investigators about his interactions with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador, during the presidential transition period last December. It's the most significant criminal charge made public by Mueller to date, targeting a senior campaign and administration official. (It was only after details of his conversations with Kislyak were made public that Flynn was ousted from the White House.)
There are any number of indications that Flynn agreed to the charges from Mueller in exchange for testifying against other senior members of the transition team or administration — perhaps including Trump. The statement of offense indicates that Flynn lied about two conversations with Kislyak. One came after speaking with a “senior official” from the transition team about sanctions the Obama administration was imposing because of Russian meddling in the election. The other involved a “very senior member” of the transition team, who asked him to call international leaders about a U.N. vote. It also indicates that the details in the documents “do not constitute all of the facts known to the parties.” There's more to tell.
This is a remarkable rift between Flynn and Trump that would have seemed unlikely at the beginning of the year.
Mueller was appointed because Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein — acting in Attorney General Jeff Sessions's stead after Sessions recused himself because of his own interactions with Kislyak — apparently thought that Trump's firing of former FBI director James B. Comey indicated a need to separate the investigation into Russian meddling from Trump's control.
Flynn was central to Trump's concerns about the Russia investigation and Comey. Comey has testified under oath that, during a meeting in the Oval Office on Feb. 14, Trump pressured him to drop his investigation of Flynn, who'd left the administration the previous day.
“I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” Comey quoted Trump as saying during testimony before Congress in June.
Comey and the FBI didn't let Flynn go, as it is now obvious.
It was the revelation of this conversation by the New York Times in May that spurred Rosenstein to appoint Mueller. Put another way: There's a direct line between Trump wanting to protect Flynn and the appointment of the man who eventually may have flipped Flynn to work against Trump.
The day after his Valentine's Day conversation with Comey, Trump made a similar case during a news conference in the White House. Standing next to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu — on whose behalf Flynn was asked to make those calls about the U.N. vote by that “very senior” transition team member — Trump described Flynn as “wonderful.”
“Michael Flynn, General Flynn is a wonderful man,” Trump said. “I think he's been treated very, very unfairly by the media — as I call it, the fake media, in many cases. And I think it's really a sad thing that he was treated so badly.”
“I think it's very, very unfair what's happened to General Flynn, the way he was treated, and the documents and papers that were illegally — I stress that — illegally leaked,” he added, referring to Post reporting about Flynn's conversations with Kislyak.
By late March, Flynn's attorney was floating the idea of requesting immunity in exchange for testifying in front of Congress. Trump was publicly supportive of the idea.
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 31, 2017
He'd reached his fill of the FBI's investigation, though. He fired Comey in early May, and later explained why to NBC's Lester Holt.
“I was going to fire Comey, knowing there was no good time to do it,” Trump said. “And in fact, when I decided to just do it I said to myself, I said, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story. It's an excuse by the Democrats having lost an election that they should have won.”
Holt also asked why Trump waited two weeks between the Justice Department informing the White House that Flynn had communicated with Kislyak about sanctions and when he was fired — while Comey was fired quickly, with a trumped-up justification that focused on his handling of the Hillary Clinton email server.
“This man has served for many years,” Trump explained. “He's a general. He's a, in my opinion, a very good person. I believe that it would be very unfair to hear from somebody who we don't even know and immediately run out and fire a general.”
It's clear, though, that Trump's attitude toward Flynn had already shifted.
“Of course,” Trump also said, “it's a total phony story. In fact, I just heard where General Flynn got his clearance from the Obama administration” — a preview of the argument used by his lawyer Cobb on Friday.
Why Flynn may have agreed to work with Mueller's team in its investigation isn't totally clear, but ABC News reports one reason: “Flynn felt abandoned by Trump in recent weeks, and told friends about the decision to make the plea deal within the last 24 hours as he grew increasingly concerned about crippling legal costs he would face if he continued to contest the charges.”
For whatever reason, Trump defended Michael Flynn well after there was obvious utility in doing so. Trump may have known that having Flynn as an ally was preferable to having him as an opponent . . . a role which Flynn may now have taken on, according to what we learned Friday.
In early 1945 Dr. Josef Mengele applied for acceptance to work at Auschwitz in southern Poland -- approximately 45 miles from Krakow -- and was accepted and appointed ‘Chief Medical Officer' for the Nazi concentration camp located there.
Dr. Mengele served in this capacity until January, 1945, when he transferred to another Nazi concentration camp, where he remained until the surrender of German forces to the Allies later that year.
Concerned that he would be arrested, put on trial and executed as a war criminal, Mengele lived under a variety of aliases in the years just following the war. In 1949, he fled Germany and started a new life in Argentina.
Mengele was indeed wanted as a war criminal, but unfortunately, the Allies believed he was no longer alive and that therefore his trail had turned cold. Mengele was never prosecuted for the crimes against humanity that he perpetrated in the name of medical science on Jews and other prisoners at Auschwitz, and at the other places he worked during the war.
Unfortunately, Mengele was never brought to justice -- on February 7, 1979 he suffered a stroke while swimming and died in Bertioga, Brazil. Countless victims of the horrendous medical experiments he conducted under the Nazi banner were denied the opportunity to see him brought to trial, to watch him being held accountable for his horrible crimes, convicted and then executed.
In recent weeks we have been exposed to some horrendous and shocking examples of modern day “crimes against humanity” rivaling the work of Dr. Josef Mengele. These were also conducted in the name of “medical science,” but this time under the banner of Planned Parenthood.
Using the cover of providing “women's health services” -- though more reminiscent of grave robbers from an old horror film who stole the bodies of the recently deceased in order to sell the corpses for medical research, and thereby profit -- Planned Parenthood has been accused of harvesting and selling the body parts of aborted babies. All in the name of “women's health and medical research.”
The ease with which the Planned Parenthood representatives discuss their activities on the secretly recorded video evidence reminds one of the ease with which Josef Mengele stood before the railroad cars carrying Jews arriving at Auschwitz, as he ‘selected' those who would live -- albeit a horrible and only temporary existence -- while waving the rest toward the gas chambers and crematoriums.
In the recent days following these revelations, we have witnessed Democrats such as Nancy Pelosi actually condemn the group that conducted the undercover investigation and produced the video evidence. While Planned Parenthood representatives are describing the proper way to “crush” a living baby inside the womb, Nancy Pelosi is nearly apoplectic over the fact that these practices are being brought to the public eye.
I'm curious when the Catholic Church is going to finally decide that they've had enough of Ms. Pelosi and her championing of the abortion industry, while she professes to be a good, practicing Catholic.
As was expected, the Obama Administration has been silent on the brutal and horrific murders of innocent unborn babies, yet very vocal about protecting the very industry created to profit from the murder of these innocents.
Were we in Germany in the early 1940s, so too would the Nazis champion the rights of abortionists to perform their grisly medical experiments on unborn babies taken from the wombs of women. The so-called doctors practicing such barbarism would also be held accountable by an international tribunal for their crimes against humanity. In fact, many of the targeted babies back then belonged to racial minorities, just as they do now.
Wasn't there an oath doctors took at one time that went something like, “First, do no harm”?
Josef Mengele would be proud.
there will always be people who say, let's go on a boat or
let's go to Argentina or let's go to a movie or let's go to a
tennis match or let's visit my sister
or how about a picnic?
and
I don't understand any of this
because to me
just walking across the room is like walking through flames
and
the first strange face I see each day
adds a knot to my stomach
and
I don't have the time because
I haven't paid the gas bill
or checked the air in my tires
and
one of my teeth is aching (on the left side)
and I've received several letters in the mail from crazies
and there's a notice from the government about a tax matter
and I need an oil change (and my car needs one too).
there's a fellow down the street and he just sits on his porch.
there are people who just sit a lifetime with unblinking eyes.
these could be the wise ones.
I am not one of the wise ones.
I even fight dragons in the dungeons of my sleep.
so if you want to send me to an early hell
then force me to spend an entire day at Disneyland.
A hacker who goes by the name of TheDarkOverlord has put up for sale on the Dark Web three databases stolen from three healthcare institutions in the US.
The hacker is selling the data on The Real Deal marketplace, and he says he breached these companies using an RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) bug.
TheDarkOverlord has told DeepDotWeb, who first spotted the ads, that it's "a very particular bug. The conditions have to be very precise for it."
He has also provided a series of screenshots as proof, showing him accessing the hacked systems via a Remote Desktop connection.
The hacker also recalls that, before putting the data on the Dark Web, he contacted the companies and informed them of their problems, offering to disclose the bug for a price, in a tactic known as bug poaching.
Obviously, all three companies declined, so here we are, with their data available on the Dark Web. TheDarkOverlord says that all databases are a one-time sale, meaning only one buyer can get their hands on the stolen data.
Healthcare Database from Farmington, Missouri, United States
This is the smallest database of the three and contains exactly 47,864 records. Currently, the hacker is asking for 158.68 Bitcoin (~$101,000).
TheDarkOverlord explains that all the data is in plaintext and was retrieved from a Microsoft Access database residing in the organization's internal network.
He claims the following patient details are included in the database: first name, middle name, last name, address, city, state, ZIP, Social Security number, date of birth, gender, email address, various phone numbers, and more.
Details about Healthcare Database from Central/Midwest United States
The second database also contains plaintext data, and the hacker adds it was retrieved from a severely misconfigured network using readily available plaintext usernames and passwords.
The hacker is asking for 317.38 Bitcoin (~$202,000) for this database and says the exact number of patient records is 207,572.
He claims the following patient details are included in the database: Social Security number, first name, middle name, last name, gender, date of birth, and address.
Details about Healthcare Database from Atlanta, Georgia, United States
The biggest database contains 396,458 patient records, and the hacker is asking for a whopping 634.73 Bitcoin (~$405,000).
He states the following patient details are included in the database: health insurance details (primary, secondary, policy IDs), patient's address, date of birth, age, phone number, email address, gender, Social Security number, state, ZIP, race, and more.
TheDarkOverlord goes on to say that this database was stored in plaintext as well, and he got hold of it from an accessible internal network using readily available plaintext usernames and passwords.
Justin Shafer, a security researcher specialized in the healthcare industry, believes that this latter database belongs to the Athens Orthopedic Clinic.
With the secular party Nidaa Tounes winning the most seats in Tunisia's parliamentary elections on Monday and the Islamist Ennahda party, its main rival, conceding defeat and accepting the results, the small north-African country has produced a historic moment in the region and offered Arabs two paramount lessons within a period of three years, commented Taoufik Bouachrine, the editor of the Moroccan newspaper Akhbar Al Youm.
From 2011 to Monday, Tunisians have taught Arabs how to revolt against an autocrat by peaceful means, how to overthrow him in 17 days with no weapons and no car bombs – just by chanting “Dégage” or leave. And now, “Green Tunisia” is once again teaching Arabs how to move out of a revolution into peace, and from tyranny into democracy, all smoothly and civilly, without a coup, blood, arrests or civil wars.
Nidaa Tounes, a newly-formed secular party led by the 87-year-old Beji Caid Essebsi, won 83 seats in the 217-member assembly, ahead of the Islamist Ennahda party led by Rashid Ghannouchi, with 69 seats.
Nidaa Tounes's victory came as a surprise to many analysts who expected nothing more than second place in the second free election since the 2011 uprising that overthrew Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
The new party came first with 40 per cent of the vote, knocking into second place the Islamist party which, three years ago, won the elections and led a coalition government for two years but had to step down against a backdrop of hard economic and political pressures.
After the 2011 uprising, radical leftists sought to vote for a law, at the constituent assembly, that would ban figures from the old regime from political participation. But rational people, including Ghannouchi, refused to go down the road that threw Libya into turmoil. This is why Tunisia has given the best lessons to the Arab Spring countries and learnt from the worst mistakes of Egypt's Mohammed Morsi and Libya's rebels.
Three things explain Ennahda's defeat in the recent contest. First, the Islamist party was voted into office in a post-revolt Tunisia amid wide expectations, and so it was only natural for it to be punished by the electorate as their frustration ran high and their patience wore thin three years after a revolution that chanted “bread, freedom and human dignity”.
Second, the protest vote against Ennahda benefited Nidaa Tounes, which was in opposition.
Third, Ennahda is transitioning from a fundamentalist party into a conservative party that accepts the rules of democracy and pluralism. This ideological revision has cost it a segment of its traditional supporters who are motivated by religious slogans, yet failed to earn it new audience on account of purely political factors.
The London-based online newspaper Rai Al Youm said in an editorial that the Tunisian people heaved a sigh of relief when the election results were announced. Tunisians were quite concerned about Ennahda dominating the political process, which reflected on the average turnout of 62 per cent.
Tunisians were not fooled by the shiny promises of political parties and decided instead to punish many, including the troika that led the country's transitional period, but failed to fare well on the economic and security levels, the paper said.
Political Islam was dealt a major blow after Ennahda failed to win the vote.
In fact, had it not stepped down a few months ago for a technocrat caretaker government, the cost would have been greater at the recent elections.
According to the paper, Mr Ghannouchi's biggest mistake was when, under pressure from Moncef Marzouki and some of Ennahda's allies abroad, he backtracked on his intention to align with Mr Essebsi and appoint him as president after the 2011 elections, prompting him into the defiant move of forming the Nidaa Tounes group and taking the government away from Ennahda.
Now, Mr Essebsi emerges as the strongest candidate in the presidential election due in November and he stands a good chance of winning it after the fall of President Marzouki's Congress for the Republic that got only two per cent of the vote and the defeat of its main ally, Ennahda party.
Translated by Abdelhafid Ezzoitni.
aezzouitni@thenational.ae
Admittedly, few fly all the way to New Zealand just to visit Auckland, the country's largest city. Most aim to explore the otherworldly landscapes with which, thanks to the silver screen, this remote nation has become associated. But before delving into the cinematic beauty of the North Island countryside, discover the San Francisco-steep streets and regenerated neighborhoods of newly vibrant Auckland. This multicultural city, home to a third of all Kiwis, has recently welcomed a raft of bars, boutiques and restaurants that highlight locally made products, from excellent craft beer and wine to fashion and art. And none of it has anything to do with orcs or rings.
FRIDAY
1. 3:30 p.m. | National Portraits
One highlight of the Auckland Art Gallery (Corner Kitchener and Wellesley Streets; aucklandartgallery.com; free), which reopened in September 2011 after a three-year expansion, is the gallery of turn-of-the-century portraits depicting Maori leaders, many with exquisite tattoos. The museum's permanent collection, spread across four levels, also includes commissioned works from contemporary Kiwi artists. After a tour, stroll through the adjacent Albert Park or refuel with a Snickers cookie (3.50 New Zealand dollars, or $3 at 1.18 New Zealand dollars to the U.S. dollar) at the new Moustache Milk & Cookie Bar, two blocks from the gallery (12 Wellesley Street West; moustache.co.nz).
2. 7 p.m. | Seafood Depot
Seattle has its Space Needle, while on the opposite side of the Pacific, Auckland answers with the Sky Tower — over 1,000 feet tall. But the most noteworthy action happening near this imposing landmark is at its base, at Depot (86 Federal Street; eatatdepot.co.nz), a seafood-centric bistro. This new restaurant is invitingly rustic — ice-cold pewter water mugs, tall stools clustered around wood-plank tables — and the fresh seafood is top-notch. A recent meal started with some shucked-to-order oysters from Marlborough's Tio Point, followed by spicy mussels with chorizo and garlic; kingfish sashimi cubes atop dollops of oyster cream; and sliders stuffed with hapuka, lemon mayo and watercress. Dinner for two, about 70 New Zealand dollars.
3. 10 p.m. | Britomart Bars
The once-derelict Britomart district near the port has recently transformed into a bubbling night-life hub with new bars and restaurants housed in handsomely renovated historic buildings. Start at Xuxu (Corner Commerce and Galway Streets; britomart.org/xuxu), an elegant French-Vietnamese-inspired hideaway serving inventive snacks and cocktails like the Chanh Bac Ha (rum, palm sugar and Vietnamese mint; 16 New Zealand dollars). Then stroll to the Japanese-themed bar Fukuko (48 Tyler Street; fukuko.co.nz), which opened in December, for steamed pork buns (4.50 dollars) and shochu tonics flavored with spiced jasmine and green tea (9 dollars).
The Panel: Writer Marjorie Liu (Astonishing X-Men), video game writer David Gaider (Dragon Age), comic book writer Brandon Thomas (Miranda Mercury), showrunner and screenwriter Javier Grillo-Marxuach (The Middleman, Lost), novelist Sarah Kuhn (One Con Glory), and sci-fi writer N.K. Jemisin (The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms); moderated by Racebending.com.
The Project: Racebending.com convened their first panel at 2011 Comic Con in the wake of the casting travesty that occurred on the Avatar:Last Airbender. This year they continue the conversation.
The Big Revelations: Entertainment companies across all platforms really don't get diversity (duh).
For example:
– Marjorie Liu pitched an all female book to Marvel featuring Black Widow, Electra, Mystique and X-23 (Wolverine's ‘daughter'). She was told by the higher ups that such a book wouldn't sell!
– David Gaider revealed that one of the most popular mods for Dragon Age transforms Isabela—a black character with a romantic storyline—into a blue eyed blond haired damsel.
– Sarah Kuhn reported that Asian writers are often asked to change their last names by the marketing departments at book publishers when writing in genres like romance to make their books more marketable.
– Javier Grillo-Marxuach struggles with “standing against a stereotype even if that means denying an opportunity to put a person of color on screen.”
– Javier Grillo-Marxuach also revealed a forthcoming comic with Ape Entertainment titled Unfathomable, to go with his recently launched Ramiel, Wrath of god mini-series.
Most Incisive Audience Question: An audience member asked how one gets into the head of a character of a different race or ethnicity, leading Javi Grillo-Marxuach to recount a touching story about how his own struggles with English informed his writing on the season one Lost episode that focused on Jin.
The Winner of the Panel: Javier Grillo-Marxuach! His comments were informative, insightful and very funny. Not easy to do when discussing issues of race.
“There are no sides.”
The Bridge deals not only with the lines separating El Paso and Juarez, but also with the lines separating one emotional state from another, one side from another, one idea from another. When it delves into the nitty gritty, it reveals the moral ambiguity inherent in the situation, the internal conflicts ever present in the minds of people attempting to play sides. It's not a black-and-white world. There are shades of gray, and people are caught.
Take Marco Ruiz, for example, who's caught between Galvan and Pintado, both of whom happen to be very persuasive and intelligent people. There's a push and pull effect here, and given Marco's past decisions, he's now embroiled within the conflict; he, understandably, wants no part in the situation, but something must give at some point. The fuse is lit, and the show expanding on CEO Carisola, bringing Frye and Adriana into the mix, and detailing Pintado's goals serves to give what is a very well done slow burn another nudge toward explosion.
It's interesting to note that while Pintado's all about moving forward and getting a plan into place, Marco still has to deal with the past throughout the episode. It comes up in the form of Frye and Adriana in a wonderful, tense scene in which we can feel the weight of their shared history on their shoulders. It comes up in each scene with Sonya and the El Paso PD. It comes up in each shot of exhaustion, of weariness, of conflict, and Bichir plays it beautifully.
Speaking of Sonya, she once again has sex with Jack Dobbs, this time telling him to bring choking into the mix. Although recently, the show seems to have a penchant for placing too much of an emphasis on Sonya's various behaviors, it's still well-handled by Diane Kruger. She breaks down at the now deceased Jim Dobbs's bedside, whatever connection she had with her sister now diminished by the coldness of his body. She wants to confront what happened, but she feels like she's fighting a losing battle; it's similar to Marco's storyline, with the exception that Marco doesn't plan on confronting anything anytime soon.
Elsewhere, Charlotte and Ray are about to head off to Alaska; they eventually don't, but I'd be lying if I said that I didn't want to see them trudging through snow. Anyway, it's another case of people stuck between the past and the future, and it's enjoyable to watch Ray's slowly increasing sense of desperation come into contact with Charlotte's desire to return to something she knows well. She gets a moment of escape when Ray details his plans for the future, but when Monte knocks on their door, reality sinks in.
Finally, we see a side to Eleanor Nacht we haven't seen before. So far, she's been placed up against people who are intimidated by her, who acquiesce to her demands without questioning her. However, it seems as if Fausto Galvan is the one person who strikes a nerve inside of her; she seems smaller here, framed at a distance far from Galvan rather than close up like she was with Kyle or the cab driver. Instead of being able to watch his every move, Galvan is now watching her, and she can't do anything about it.
GRADE: B+
OTHER THOUGHTS:
-Linder, you're so entertaining, but you need subtitles.
– Who's the prisoner? Maybe it's a squirrel in human form.
-RIP, DeLarge. Difficult scene to watch there; here's a man so embroiled in the situation that he sees death as the only escape.
-So, what's up with Dobbs stealing that picture?
– “Taylor Swift? My wife got me into her.” I really wish I could see Eleanor's reaction to “You Belong With Me” blaring over the loudspeakers. Most likely, angry glare followed by violence.
-Apologies for the lateness of this review. I was exhausted last night by the masterpiece that was Sharknado 2: The Second One.
Photo credit: FX, The Bridge
Indie game playing an Agent of Death who must take ONE life that could change the fate of a conflict-torn Nation!
Think The Walking Dead meets Home and The Last Express , with a dash of To The Moon!
Freeform exploration with Rich dialogue
What might you learn searching the fundraising Gala and talking to patrons? Perhaps the less you know the better?
Meaningful choices and Unintended Consequences
Can your choice change the fate of a Nation? What other result could your meddling have?
Cast of ambitious and influential characters
What if they die? More importantly... what if they live?
Complex setting of violent domestic conflict and industrial revolution
A devastated country - but is it your place to fix it? What if your educated guess is wrong?
Dynamic and surprising Ending
The choice is *entirely* up to you - but what other factors may be affecting the outcome?
Online Stats to compare Your Choices with
Anonymous aggregate stats of everyone's playthroughs will let you see how your own choices compare! Are you one of the good guys?
Buy On
Bengaluru: Microsoft Corp. could invest $50-100 million (Rs320-640 crore) for a small stake in ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd, which runs Ola, in a deal that could see the ride-hailing service switch to Microsoft's Azure cloud platform from Amazon Web Services (AWS), two people familiar with the matter said.
Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella has been pushing Azure in India to grab market share from AWS and others.
In February, Microsoft announced a long-term cloud services deal with Flipkart Ltd; Microsoft later invested about $200 million of the $1.4 billion round raised by the online retailer.
ANI Technologies boss Bhavish Aggarwal. Ola, the third-most valuable start-up in the country, has been trying to raise fresh capital since June 2016. Photo: Bloomberg
Ola is in the middle of a fundraised. The home-grown online taxi firm, the third-most valuable start-up in the country, has been trying to raise fresh capital since June 2016. It has so far received Rs2,345 crore from SoftBank Group Corp. and others in the latest round and is in talks with investors to get more cash. Ola got a pre-money valuation of roughly $3-3.3 billion in the latest round, a sharp drop from the $4.5 billion valuation it commanded in September 2015. Pre-money refers to the valuation excluding the current round's cash infusion.
“The talks with Ola are in very early stages. More than the money, it is more about Nadella's vision of partnering with more and more large technology companies in India and establish Azure as service of preference. Microsoft is likely to invest in Ola but a term sheet is yet to be issued," one of the two persons cited above said on condition of anonymity.
Ola needs massive amounts of capital as it is locked in a bruising battle with the local unit of Uber Technologies Inc., the world's most valuable and deep-pocketed start-up. After it sold its Chinese business to Didi Chuxing in August, succeeding in India became one of the top priorities for Uber.
The talks with Ola are in very early stages. More than the money, it is more about Nadella's vision of partnering with more and more large technology companies in India and establish Azure as service of preference- A person aware of the development
Ola and Uber differ over who controls how much of the market. Uber claims it is bigger than Ola but executives and investors at Ola claim that Uber is less than half of Ola's size. There is no conclusive way of checking either claim.
Uber India president Amit Jain said in an interview in September 2016 that Uber's completed trips had risen from 1.6 million in January 2016 to 5.5 million at the end of August 2016.
ALSO READ: Uber in the crosshairs as SoftBank helps rivals raise $9 billion
Ola reported a seven-fold jump in revenue to Rs758.23 crore in the year ended 31 March 2016, but losses nearly tripled to Rs2,313.7 crore because of heavy discounts to customers and spending on incentives to its drivers.
This month, the cab-hailing business was jolted by the kidnapping of an Ola rider by one of the drivers on its platform. A 29-year-old doctor in Delhi was kidnapped by an Ola driver and his accomplices on 6 July and held captive for nearly 14 days before the police found the victim, who was unhurt, in Uttar Pradesh and arrested four of the kidnappers.
The crime is seen as the biggest threat to the expansion of cab-hailing services in India since the rape of a woman Uber rider in December 2014 forced the company and Ola to be stricter about their driver verification processes, add an SOS button on their apps and generally pay more attention to passenger safety. The two companies will now have to implement more stringent processes while signing up new drivers, a move that is likely to hit sales growth.
Thom Singer's Some Assembly Required: Networking for Graduates encourages twentysomethings to develop personal and professional relationships with people right where they are. Old neighborhoods, family churches, parents' garage sales, coffee with old high school friends - all opportunities to learn about others and help them out! And the professional connections will develop naturally as a result of authentic relationships where we take the time to do things for others.
This book proves useful because it provides coaching and guidance for networking for those who aren't in environments full of traditional 'networking events' And explains away reasons why people think they can't network in any given environment...good for those who've returned back home after college. And it encourages younger professionals to get beyond themselves and self-expression and to reach out to others...a good fit for those with a social conscience who want their careers and job searches to be real and to mean something beyond self-promotion.
Good, readable book - great for a graduation present!
'Italian Mafia Brussels' Taken Down, but Darknet Still Growing Fast
A major darknet vendor group selling MDMA and Ecstasy, calling themselves the “Italian Mafia Brussels,” was recently taken down in an international police operation.
Also read: Darknet Purchases Increasing as Drug War Continues to Fail
Members of Italian Mafia Brussels Arrested
Six members of the group were nabbed in Belgium, Romania, and the U.S., although they have used other European countries as shipping hubs as well, such as France and Germany. The group had storefronts on a few darknet marketplaces, and used bitcoin to accept payments.
The six are currently in custody awaiting trial.
The group sent packages to customers in the U.S. disguised as being sent from legitimate companies. The authorities launched an investigation in February 2014 after receiving complaints from businesses that received returned packages from the U.S., which they did not send. These companies were chosen because they sold products similar to the group's drugs. Payment was made in bitcoin.
FBI Efforts Unsuccessful
Such stories are piling up at an increased rate due to more cooperation from the international law enforcement community and larger budgets for law enforcement to conduct darkweb operations. Despite the growing number of convictions, and the seemingly endless campaign against darkweb marketplaces like the Silk Road, drug trafficking online is nonetheless growing.
The FBI and other law enforcers have been stepping up their game to catch similar criminals, but demand continues to grow.
Monica Barratt, a researcher from the National Drug and Alcohol Research Center at UNSW Australia, told Motherboard:
“Despite all of the disruptions from law enforcement efforts and takedown that have been successful, as well as the exit scams and all of this kind of thing, people are still using these sites to access drugs.”
Apparently, it's becoming more popular for people to get their fix from the comfort of home than a dangerous back alley. Who could have seen this coming?
Global Drug Survey Shows Rising Demand for Darknet Services
According to the Global Drug Survey (GSD) 2016, darknet markets have a client base that just won't stop growing.
Sometimes customers don't even use Tor and bitcoin directly themselves to make their purchases, but order through their friends and colleagues who do and still cause the sales to grow.
It's a global growth trend, although it is disproportionately centered in northern Europe, such as in Sweden.
With international law enforcement's best efforts being dwarfed by rising demand, the market for bitcoin use on the darkweb is more secure than ever, and still growing.
Do you think the fall of Italian Mafia Brussels will affect darknet market activities?
Images courtesy of Pixabay.
By Jazz Gill: 2012 was a superb year of fights for boxing fans, even if it was the year when the dream of Mayweather vs Pacquiao died forever.
The two still had great fights respectively, whilst other veterans like the Klitschko brothers and Sergio Martinez continued to dominate. At the same time, new young stars proved they are capable of going u the next step – Austin Trout and Danny Garcia for example – whilst others proved they are among the elite of today and ready to take the mantle of the aforementioned veterans (Nonito Donaire, Robert Guerrero and Andre Ward).
So after a year of big fights, what fights are out there this year to create new stars, settle old scores and prove who belongs where? Below are 10 fights that must happen to make 2013 another great year of boxing.
Middleweight – Peter Quillin vs Gennady Golovkin
No one would argue that right now, Sergio Martinez is the best middleweight in the world. But at the age of 37 and with a fight against Martin Murray already lined up and a big money rematch against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr certain to happen in the future, the Argentinean may just not have enough time to actually take on either of these two. So the only way to find out which of the two deserves to face Martinez is for them to fight each other.
Both hold world titles (Quillin WBO and Golovkin WBA) and undefeated records with high KO percentages (Quillin 28-0, 20 and Golovkin 24-0, 21) and even more intriguingly the two have sparred many a time at Freddie Roach's Wildcard gym in LA. An exciting bout that would show the best contender to fight Martinez, this is a fight to make the middleweight division exciting in 2013.
Heavyweight – David Price vs Tyson Fury
A battle of undefeated heavyweight giants, this could be one of the most anticipated matchups in British history when it eventually gets signed. The two have history, with Price having beaten Fury in an amateur contest (even after being floored by Fury) in a bout that helped Price get chosen ahead of Fury to go to the 2008 Olympics.
Both have been vocal about the bout but Fury has been vociferous with it. It would be a grudge match that would be the biggest heavyweight match up in Britain since Lennox Lewis vs Frank Bruno. Both are closing in on world title shots but there is only one way to decide who should fight a Klitschko first. Fury (20-0, 14) has shown a lot more flaws whilst achieving a lot more than David Price (15-0, 13) which is why 29 year old Price would be viewed as the favourite against the 24 year old Fury.
Super-bantamweight – Nonito Donaire vs Guillermo Rigondeaux
Filipino Donaire (31-0, 20) has probably overtaken his countryman Manny Pacquaio in the pound-for-pound rankings in most lists right now with his superb run but hype is building to a Mayweather – Pacquaio-esque peak around him taking a fight against Cuban sensation Guillermo Rigondeaux (11-0, 8).
The Cuban has stormed the pro ranks after a super amateur career that saw him win two Olympic golds. In just his seventh fight Rigondeaux won a world title and has defended it four times successfully, showing no problem whatsoever in adapting to the pro ranks.
Even with Abner Mares doing brilliant things in the division, the Donaire vs Rigondeaux bout is the one everyone wants to see, in a fight that will end one fighter's aura of invincibility.
Lightweight – Adrien Broner vs Ricky Burns
Most would have probably expected Broner vs Yuriokis Gamboa to be on this list instead of this fight, but Gamboa has shown far too much vulnerability to go up against Broner – a bigger fighter on better form – right now. So instead, Broner (25-0, 21) should look to go outside of his home country to take on the best threat from Europe in Scotland's Ricky Burns (35-2, 10).
At 5ft 10in Burns is a huge lightweight and is coming off the best performance of his life, after knocking out Kevin Mitchell in just four rounds. Full of self belief and having never been stopped, Burns is the best test for Broner at lightweight right now before he looks to step into super fight territory against one of the big names at light-welterweight.
Light-welterweight – Brandon Rios vs Danny Garcia
Garcia (25-0, 16), a Philadelphian, has had his left-hook compared with that of Joe Frazier's. Brandon Rios (31-0-1, 23), with his educated pressure and destructive punches, has been compared with Roberto Duran. Logic says that if the two fight it can only be a nailed on classic.
Looking a lot more comfortable at the weight after his spell at lightweight, Rios is coming off a great win against Mike Alvarado and with his real fan pleasing style, he is being sped towards a title shot. Danny Garcia was a contender for 2012 fighter of the year with superb knockout wins against Amir Khan and Erik Morales. With Garcia 24 years old and Rios just 26 the fight could happen more than once but right now the fight doesn't just make sense, it makes big money for both.
Light-welterweight – Amir Khan vs Lamont Peterson
This fight would be about redemption for both fighters. Khan (27-3,19) feels the referee and maybe an unidentified man in a bowler hat cost him the win the first time these two met. Peterson (30-1-1, 15) feels that allegations of the judge interference, referee decisions and a subsequent failed drug test have all taken the shine from the biggest win of his career.
Thus, the only way to settle it is to have the rematch. And with the first having been such an entertaining fight, why would the rematch not happen? A win in this bout for either would catapult them right back into the reckoning for a top tier fight against anyone in the division.
Welterweight – Timothy Bradley vs Manny Pacquiao
The truth is, everyone knows Pacquaio (54-5-2, 38) won the first bout, despite what the judges said. But Bradley (29-0,12) went off with the win and Pacquaio headed off to fight Marquez.
After getting knocked out badly in that fight, calls for Pacquiao to retire have come but he has insisted he will fight on. So to see what is left in the tank, there is not a better bout for Pacquiao out there. Anything other than another dominant performance will show Pacquiao himself that he can no longer cut it at the top level. For Bradley, it is a chance to show that he can deserve the first win. Boxing fans still need confirmation Bradley is good enough to fight the very best of today while boxing fans also want to see if Pacquiao can still fight the very best. Both fighters need this fight.
Light-middleweight Floyd Mayweather vs Saul Alvarez
As good as he has looked, right now it is hard to tell how good ‘Canelo' Alvarez really is because he has not fought anyone that has more than a small chance of winning in a while. Nevertheless, Alvarez can only beat what is in front of him and he has done this in emphatic style.
At the same time, every year Mayweather (43-0, 26) did not fight Pacquiao his stock slowly dropped and even after Pacquiao lost, many are still questioning just how much Mayweather wants to end his career with tough challenges. Fighting Victor Ortiz and a war-torn Miguel Cotto have not added too much to his legacy thus far. The solution to his problem lies in the hulking figure of Alvarez. By simply taking on the Mexican wonder-kid Mayweather can prove he is up for taking on the most daunting challenges. For Alvarez, it is a chance to show just how good he is and even if he falls short, at the age of 22 no one will doubt his ability to comeback and improve.
Mayweather has had a lack of super-fights in a career of someone so talented. Alvarez (41-0, 30) is that super-fight. He is not getting any younger and Alvarez will only get better, so if this highly intriguing fight does not happen now it may never happen.
Super-middleweight – Carl Froch vs Andre Ward (in England)
No one doubts Ward's greatness. He has beaten everyone he has faced and beaten them well. However, there comes a time in every fighter's life when he should go outside of his comfort zone to see what he is made of. Ward (26-0,14) is the crowd's favourite in all fights in the West coast of America, and unless someone like Saul Alvarez jumps up to super-middleweight than he is going to remain so.
Thus, to prove that he can continue to fight in his impeccable manner, even when the crowd are against him, Ward should take on Carl Froch (30-2, 22) – in England. Let's remember, Ward may have dominated Froch but he did not destroy him when the two fought in the Super 6 final in America. At the same time, Froch has never lost a fight in England and in his last two bouts, he has recorded savage knockout wins before his adoring and roaring fans. There does not seem to be a tougher bout out there for Ward right now and if Froch beats Kessler early this year, it is the most competitive fight in the super-middleweight division for Ward, if it happens in England.
Welterweight – Juan Manuel Marquez vs Roberto Guerrero
Sources indicate that Guerrero is going fight Floyd Mayweather next, and if so, there is nigh on no chance this fight will happen. But it should happen.
A bit less dramatically and perhaps not as impressively, Guerrero (31-1, 18) is doing something very similar to what Marquez (55-6-1, 40) has done. Two Mexicans, one a four weight world champion (Marquez) the other a three weight world champion (Guerrero), it is a legacy sealing fight for both fighters, especially Guerrero who is often accused of not fighting all the best fighters in each weight class he has fought in.
For Marquez, it is a fight that could turn into a barnstormer and give him a chance to become a five weight world champion (at welterweight with Guerrero holding the interim WBC title right now). Unless Marquez takes on Mayweather or Pacquiao again, this fight is the most interesting out there for him right now against a fighter on a great run.
In the ongoing game of creative airline seating, Air New Zealand is introducing a welcome option in the economy section of its new long-haul airplanes. Some seats at the back of the plane will feature a footrest of sorts that can be raised like a recliner to create a platform for sleeping.
The comfier seats are one of many interesting ideas floating around to make flying a little more bearable. From simple things like leaving middle seats empty to designing staggered seats to exploring ultra-creative ideas like putting beds on planes, airlines and designers are rethinking the passenger experience. Unfortunately, many of these ideas are limited to the front of the airplane where first- and business-class passengers sit.
So, it comes as welcome news that when Air New Zealand takes delivery of its new Boeing 777-300ER aircraft this fall, those of us in coach will enjoy the possibility of lying flat to sleep. The catch is the "Skycouch" turns three seats into a small bed. That means it probably works best if you're not very tall or you're traveling with kids. It fits the bill if you're lucky enough that you and your traveling companion can enjoy having the seats to yourselves, like the lucky couple in the promotional photo from the airline.
And that, of course, assumes your traveling companion is someone you actually want to sleep next to.
Airline CEO Rob Fyfe says the company has spent three years trying to ignite a passion for flying, especially on long-haul trips.
"For those who choose, the days of sitting in economy and yearning to lie down and sleep are gone," he said. "The dream is now a reality, one that you can even share with a traveling companion – just keep your clothes on, thanks!"
We're not sure about Fyfe's claims of "putting the magic and romance" back into flying. But Air New Zealand does say two people traveling together can purchase the third seat at half price and have a row to themselves. The company did not specify whether that option will be limited to flights that aren't packed with full-fare paying customers.
And only the first 11 rows of the economy class cabin will have the new seating arrangement.
Photo: Air New Zealand
Quick! Name a gum manufacturer. Chances are you chose Wrigley, a gum behemoth that's been around since the 1890s. But how did the company go from baking powder purveyor to the world's largest gum manufacturer? As Daniel Robinson explains, it had a little help from some made-up—and quintessentially American—ailments.
Robinson tracks the company's marketing history as it grew into a gum powerhouse. Its strength, he argues, was in its position at the intersection between business and popular culture. William Wrigley, Jr., the company's founder, was a soap salesman and a kind of child prodigy of consumerism. At just 13 years of age, he made a name for himself peddling soap for his father throughout New England, and eventually found himself in Chicago pitching rubber stamps, newspapers, and soap. This varied experience—especially in the rubber stamp industry—taught him about the power of advertising in a rapidly changing mass media marketplace.
Because he was a traveling “drummer,” writes Robinson, Wrigley adopted a role of itinerant mystery, on the fringes of acceptable society. That near-mythical presence prepared him well for his future in advertising.
And what a future. Wrigley originally turned to chewing gum as a way to bring attention to his premium baking powder, which began to surpass his own soap sales in the early 1890s. He'd include gum along with the baking powder as a kind of cheap, compact, compelling premium.
Wrigley may not have come to gum first, but he brought a salesman's savvy to the product. He knew that in order to get gum to consumers, he'd have to hook dealers. Soon, gum itself was his main attraction alongside free perks like display cases or coffee grinders that sweetened the sale for retailers. “The focus on retailers, not consumers, reflected Wrigley's experience as a drummer,” writes Robinson. But though his gum showed promise, its rise was nearly ruined by misfortunes like a burnt-down factory and huge losses in advertising, which was expensive.
That changed in 1907, when a financial panic suddenly made advertising rates drop. Wrigley moved in for the kill, expanding his ad reach exponentially. Soon, his spearmint gum was the bestselling gum in the world. He kept product moving with promises of two things we might not see as particularly gum-related—claims of physical and mental health.
Gum, Wrigley argued, could soothe not only nervous stomachs but stressed-out minds, making the product more patent medicine than candy. Despite popular perceptions that chewing gum was rude, Wrigley prevailed, convincing Americans that they were stressed and sick and providing them with a stick of respite. It worked—and if you carry gum in your purse or pocket today, there's a chance you do so thanks to Wrigley's tireless hawking.
Save
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.142.49.14 with SMTP id w14cs536977wfw; Tue, 11 Nov 2008 16:41:33 -0800 (PST) Received: by 10.90.83.2 with SMTP id g2mr7803180agb.72.1226450492617; Tue, 11 Nov 2008 16:41:32 -0800 (PST) Return-Path: <FShakir@americanprogress.org> Received: from mailfe2.americanprogresscenter.org (mail.americanprogress.org [76.74.8.244]) by mx.google.com with ESMTP id o61si3028535hsc.7.2008.11.11.16.41.32; Tue, 11 Nov 2008 16:41:32 -0800 (PST) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of FShakir@americanprogress.org designates 76.74.8.244 as permitted sender) client-ip=76.74.8.244; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of FShakir@americanprogress.org designates 76.74.8.244 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=FShakir@americanprogress.org Received: from CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org ([172.16.10.18]) by mailfe2.americanprogresscenter.org ([172.16.10.24]) with mapi; Tue, 11 Nov 2008 19:41:31 -0500 From: Faiz Shakir <FShakir@americanprogress.org> To: Daniella Leger <dleger@americanprogress.org>, "'john.podesta@gmail.com'" <john.podesta@gmail.com> CC: Jennifer Palmieri <JPalmieri@americanprogress.org> Date: Tue, 11 Nov 2008 19:40:26 -0500 Subject: RE: Washington's It Guy: John Podesta Thread-Topic: Washington's It Guy: John Podesta Thread-Index: AclESAo39wmlaSVQT8aY6TMWg30ICQAFzcbW Message-ID: <A28459BA2B4D5D49BED0238513058A7F012415D1A1C6@CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org> References: <A28459BA2B4D5D49BED0238513058A7F012415CD96DB@CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org> In-Reply-To: <A28459BA2B4D5D49BED0238513058A7F012415CD96DB@CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org> Accept-Language: en-US Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: acceptlanguage: en-US Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable MIME-Version: 1.0 this description makes it sound like John just woke up from a very long nig= ht... "But here the former Clinton White House chief was yesterday, in gray flann= el suit, his white dress shirt unbuttoned to reveal the white undershirt be= neath." ________________________________________ From: Daniella Leger Sent: Tuesday, November 11, 2008 4:54 PM To: 'john.podesta@gmail.com' Cc: Jennifer Palmieri; Faiz Shakir Subject: Washington's It Guy: John Podesta naturally. Washington's It Guy: John Podesta You know Obamania has reached a new level when even John Podesta is a rock = star. Some of the best reporters in the business lined up for more than an hour o= n 6th Street NW this afternoon for a chance to hear Podesta, the Obama tran= sition chief, give an operational update. When the transition team announce= d the press briefing last night, it promptly received 207 RSVPs -- far more= than the 84 chairs that could fit into the conference room in the governme= nt offices serving as transition headquarters. Secret Service agents and transition officials served as bouncers, consulti= ng their lists as reporters begged their way in: "I RSVP'd! Last night!" Ab= out 100 people back in the line was no less a personality than Karen Tumult= y, a veteran political writer for Time magazine. Inside, the lucky holders = of White House "hard passes" -- the first to be admitted -- threw jackets o= ver chairs to save seats for their colleagues outside. Ryan Lizza of the Ne= w Yorker had to sit on a step in the back of the room. CNN's Ed Henry was b= uried in the fifth row. The event was delayed 20 minutes until all the Pode= sta groupies could get through security. The Washington Post alone sent six= reporters. Until last week, the concept of somebody waiting in line to see Podesta wou= ld have provoked a chuckle to those who know the founder of the Center for = American Progress, a liberal think tank. Though a wry and clever conversati= onalist, his act until now would not have been mistaken for a rock star. But here the former Clinton White House chief was yesterday, in gray flanne= l suit, his white dress shirt unbuttoned to reveal the white undershirt ben= eath. The questions were shouted from every corner of the packed room. And,= for nearly three quarters of an hour, Podesta regaled his adoring fans wit= h endless variations of his theme song: "We're taking a look at a variety o= f options, and when we have something to say about it we'll let you know." http://voices.washingtonpost.com/roughsketch/2008/11/washingtons_it_guy_joh= n_podest.html Daniella Gibbs L=E9ger Vice President for Communications Center for American Progress p: 202-741-6258 m: 202-431-0512 Dleger@americanprogress.org<mailto:Dleger@americanprogress.org> <mailto:r@a= mericanprogress.org> www.americanprogress.org<http://www.americanprogress.org/>
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi defended Hillary Clinton's progressive credentials on Thursdays as rival Bernie Sanders continues to suggest the former secretary of state only embraces the ideology when it's politically expedient.
“I think Hillary Clinton is a progressive, yes,” Pelosi told reporters at her weekly press briefing.
Sanders has called into question Clinton's progressives credentials, even tweeting, “You can be a moderate. You can be a progressive. You cannot be a moderate and a progressive.”
Pelosi acknowledged that “there are no questions about Bernie's [progressive] credentials” however, issued a full force defense of Clinton.
“When it comes to investing in our values, when it comes to her work with children for her whole life, the list goes on and on about her progressives credentials,” Pelosi said.
Pelosi also touched upon how progressives can be finicky and that they often try to impose purity tests on elected officials that are impossible for those trying to govern.
“Who sets the standard for progressive? Let me tell you, some days I'm the darling of progressives and maybe later in the same day, I'm the target of the progressives," Pelosi said. "One thing about the progressives is that they have a very high standard and a high percentage of agreeability, be consistent with everything that each of them believes is the standard that they have set.”
Pelosi declined to endorse Clinton, however since Clinton announced her run, she's hinted at her fondness for the former first lady, saying things like, “I look forward to our next president, whoever SHE might be.”
by Nancie Vollmar
Hi ! Hunter,here. I'm a rescued, purebred, doll-faced Persian. I'm also a special need kitty because I only have 3 legs.
My life began in a breeder's cage in South Florida. The stud used is HCM positive. I had a painful, dragging rear leg the breeder ignored because she wanted me for stud. An irresponsible south Florida Bengal rescue got me, raised money to get my leg amputated, which was done at a low-cost spay/neuter clinic, not a fully competent vet. Unfortunately, they did little else for me in rescue. I was left in a crate outside in the south Florida heat and storms and insects. I was allowed inside once in awhile in a filty, urine stained bedroom with a lot of sick cats when she wanted to take my picture to raise more money to pay her personal bills. I didn't even get all the antibiotics or pain meds the vet sent home for me after my amputation. I got a really bad flea infestation, ear mites, coccidia, ringworm and my beautiful fur never got brushed, so I had some painful mats. The rescue would brush me to fluff me up, and clean my eyes only to take pictures of me for their Facebook page to use to raise more money, but it didn't go towards me or the other sick cats. This woman also was a Bengal breeder and used the money on her own cats.
As soon as my stitches came out she put me up for adoption and a lot of people wanted me. I found my furever home in Michigan. My new mom flew to south Florida to get me. The woman just grabbed me by my neck scruff and pulled me from her carrier and shoved me into my new mom's carrier & never even said goodbye to me. She didn't even want to talk to my new Mom; she just turned around and walked away. At the TSA screening a nice lady had to take me out & she fell in love with me and carried me around showing the TSA agents & passengers. They made my new mom get drug screened because they thought my incision was for smuggling drugs LOL I just kept purring all the time the TSA lady had me, assuring her I was a lover not a smuggler. I was quiet the whole long plane trip back to Michigan and happy to be in my furever home.
I was doing great, getting along with everybody, my first weekend home & saw the vet on Monday to get rid of my fleas, ear mites, parasites & ringworm & get my vaccinations (the breeder and rescue place didn't get me any shots, except a rabies the day before I was going to fly home). Three days after coming home I got really sick. I went back to the vet & he ran a lot of tests & said I'd been exposed to FelV but the result was just slightly pink. My fever was up to 105* and it took a lot of meds & 5 days for it to break. Mom talked to the rescue woman who denied those sick kitties I was with were sick, but then that woman put on her Facebook page 5 of them died from Pan Leuk. Mom told our vet, who did more tests and confirmed I'd been exposed and began an aggressive treatment. All of this and I wasn't even 4 months old yet!!! Today, I am 27 months old, happy, healthy & purring away in my furever home. I am not FelV positive and don't have any signs yet of HCM although my identical twin brother, Channing, died in that bad rescue from HCM at just 4 months old, alone in a cage, outside, and untreated.. My humans had me tested for HCM because I do have a heart murmur, and so far, there are no indications I have the fatal disease. But, it was discovered that I have Osgood-Schlatter's disease in my remaining rear leg, which I should grow out of as my bones develop and grow, and I am on pain meds and doing great. The vet suspects that was the problem in the leg the rescue cut off too and perhaps, it could have been saved with a proper diagnosis and pain relief protocol.
I have a really nice Mom & Daddy, 3 doggie siblings and now 8 other kitty siblings.
Jeni is a 9 year old Husky/Boxer/Beagle mix, and a special needs dog because she has seizures. She was rescued from the streets of Toledo.
Buddy, the Golden Retriever is my favorite dog.
Cooper, the 4 year old Yorkie, likes to play nurse when somebody isn't feeling well. He was hit by a car directly in front of my human's car, and tumbled uncontrollably beneath the car before it could stop. The humans rushed him to the vet, where thankfully, he only had a sever gash on his rear hip and leg. After 30 days of recovery with us and searching for his owner, the humans made him ours.
My kitty purrmates are:
Pookie Boo, a handsome black DSH rescue, who'd been abandoned as a kitten in an apartment by his owner. He's 10 now and came with mom from Florida. He has extra toes on all four paws.
Jingles, a DMH gray and white tabby, who adopted Dad at a pet store).
Toby the Food Thief, is a 5 year old orange tabby DSH and a rescue, after his only owner had to surrender him when she had to go to a long-term nursing facility. He is extremely smart and eats everything & knows how to open the fridge & freezer.
Junebug B Bengal, Juno for short, is a 4 year old purebred F4 marbled Bengal that mom & dad got from the same rescue place as me. She's really shy and talks a lot! We believe she is a retired breeder who'd been kept in a small cage her entire life and ever socialized to humans or other cats.
My 4 year old, smooshy-faced purebred Persian roomie, Jayden, also came from the same south Florida rescue as me, and had been kept in the same horrid conditions. He has IBD & an inoperable cloudy eye caused by a scratch that was left untreated. He was really, really sick when he arrived home & the rescue never said anything about it. He only weighed 3-1/2 pounds when he got here & was a week away from certain death the vet said. He'd been at the rescue place over 8 months & that woman said she never noticed anything wrong even though he was nothing more than fur on bones.
Mizz Cheevy is a pretty 4 year old Himalayan girl who was an owner surrender when the only human she ever knew got very sick and couldn't care for her.
Mr. Mustafaleees aka Flea, is a 12 week old tuxedo kitten full of mischief from a local shelter.
I'm adjusting to my limitations as a tri-pod kitty. Mom & Dad have a lot of things to help me. They have wide, padded plywood perches to the narrow window sills so I can enjoy sitting in the window, because I cannot balance on the narrow sills. To get up to the windows, their bed and be able to watch our “birdie TV” cage up close, there are wide pet stairs for me. I can pull myself up to lower furniture, so the humans have placed out cat trees next to sofas so I can climb over to them from the arm of the sofa. While I enjoy catnip toys, my favorite toys are anything with feathers. I just love feathers.
Our humans are very conscious of our home environment and health conditions. As a result, they only use natural cleaning products, mostly made by Mom, to limit chemical exposures in our environment. We all eat a raw-based diet, including homemade, species appropriate proteins, vitamins and supplements. Jayden's IBD is completely in remission as a result. We are all indoor-only kitties, and our home has been treated with safe, natural Borax, so no commercial flea products are ever needed.
As a result of our rescue experiences and special needs, Mom helped me make a Facebook page called HUNTER AND FRIENDS and I hope you'll stop by and “like” me. We are strong advocates of Adopt, Don't Shop, encouraging rescue and adoption of senior and special needs animals in particular. We are also firmly against declawing, and abuse and neglect. We work with a large network of responsible rescues to expose bad and scam rescues and get them shut down. We promote and encourage no-kill policies and hope to see all countries and governments recognize companion pets as family members, not disposable property. We are the voice for the voiceless among us. Mom cared for several feral colonies in Florida, and we promote feral colony care and management through TNR. We also believe, that with proper love, understanding and patience, all feral cats can be loving companion pets. We promote a holistic home environment, veterinary care and species appropriate diet. On my Facebook page, you'll find pictures and videos of me & my roomies, great feline and canine information about care, health, environment, rescues, and more and of course, some funny memes.
I hope to share some headbonks and purrs with you. Please visit me at Hunter and Friends on Facebook https://facebook.com/hunterandhisfriends. I am also on Twitter, Instagram and YouTube.
Share this: Pinterest
Reddit
Pocket
Facebook
Twitter
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Just for kicks I installed Kubuntu Netbook Edition on my Eee PC. What follows is a brief visual overview of what you can expect should you do the same.
Note that this isn't the latest and greatest KDE but rather the latest and greatest Kubuntu (10.04.1), with version 4.42 of KDE. I tried to invoke the netbook workspace from an installation from the KDE 4.5 Live CD but it repeatedly crashed my machine so I installed Kubuntu for netbooks instead.
Okay, so this is what you see when you boot up and log in.
You can type a query into that search bar and the icons below will be replaced with matching apps. Very innovative, but using the combination of Alt+F2 keys will do the same thing, and allow you to launch the app directly without taking your hands off of your keyboard.
Also, that top menu bar seems unnecessarily busy to me. And why is that second row of icons so much smaller?
The other main interface of the Plasma Netbook is called “Page one”, a cascading series of connected widgets — er, Plasmoids (…?) You can add or remove them as you see fit.
As for the defaults, openDesktop is apparently something you need an account for, and for whatever reason the Knowledge Base widget wasn't working. The other two are fairly self-explanatory, I hope.
This is the app/window switcher. Pretty slick.
One thing, though… since every window is maximized you'll be treated to a lot of wasted space — like this KWallet dialog box, for example.
If I'm starting to sound like I'm not a fan of this netbook spin on KDE I guess I'm guilty as charged. It's an interesting idea but lots of the execution seems to be at odds with small screen optimization, from the too-busy top bar to the wasted space in windows like the one above.
Oh, and this Ubuntu-specific version of netbook KDE runs really slow, kind of negating its whole purpose as an OS for low-powered small-screened computers.
Don't let my humble opinion stop you from trying it if you're interested, of course. And if this netbook-optimized KDE workspace does better with a different distro by all means leave a comment and let me know.
Looking over the edge of a boat, it would be easy to mistake the jewel-toned waters for the Caribbean Sea. But you are more likely to find geoducks and barnacles than you are to find grouper and white sandy beaches. In the Pacific Northwest, the water does not usually look like this.
The water in Washington's Hood Canal also took on a milky blue hue in the summer of 2016. But otherwise, it has been a decade since the fjord appeared this way. The source of discoloration is a huge bloom of microscopic phytoplankton plated with white calcium carbonate. Under the right conditions, these coccolithophores flourish to such an extent that they are easily visible from space.
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Terra satellite captured the top image on July 31, 2017. This wide view shows the extent of the bloom visible at the water's surface. The Operational Land Imager (OLI) on the Landsat 8 satellite captured the other image on July 30, 2017. This detailed view shows how the bloom moves with motion of the water. Notice how it pulls away from the shore near the Skokomish River, where fresh water enters Hood Canal.
The summer 2017 bloom started earlier and in a different location than last year, according to Teri King, a marine water quality specialist with Washington Sea Grant at the University of Washington. “I first documented this on July 13, and last year it started about 10 days later,” she said. “This year it started in Lilliwaup and spread southward into Lynch Cove, before moving north up into Quilcene and Dabob bays. We also see it moving out of Hood Canal toward Gardener.”
Between 2007 and 2016, coccolithophore blooms were absent from the region. King notes that the likely cause of the recent bloom is Hood Canal's warm, stratified waters with limited nutrients. Water in Hood Canal does not always mix well, meaning the upper layer of water can have different temperature and salinity from deeper layers. Other phytoplankton species could have been limited by the poor nutrient conditions, under which coccolithophore blooms can do quite well.
Lyndsey Guild, of the SoundToxins program, collected samples from the Hood Canal Marina. Those samples were analyzed by staff at NOAA's Northwest Fisheries Science Center, who confirmed the coccolithophore species to be Emiliania huxleyi. This species does not pose a concern for swimmers, nor for the consumption of fish or shellfish.
The bloom is likely to continue as the temperatures rise across the area. “It is beautiful out here,” King said. “People are loving it.”
NASA Earth Observatory images by Joshua Stevens, using MODIS data from LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response and Landsat data from the U.S. Geological Survey. Story by Kathryn Hansen.
If Congress cannot approve a budget for 2016 by September 30, the end of this fiscal year, the US government will shut down. It's a likely scenario since there are just a few more working days for lawmakers to come to an agreement and there's no sign of that in sight. Here's what you need to know about how a government shutdown could affect you.
What's a Government Shutdown and Why Is This Happening?
Without an approved budget plan, government agencies will no longer have access to federal funds come October 1st. Effectively, it's like a business not having any cash flow and being forced to put up “Sorry we're closed” signs. If a government shutdown happens, some government services will continue to operate thanks to the Antideficiency Act (nice name, right?), which allows “essential” government services—such as the military and air traffic control—to keep operating even without authorized funds. A great many government functions, however—from national parks and federally funded scientific research to the FDA's inspection of food and approval of new prescription drugs—will come to a halt during the shutdown furlough until Congress can come to a resolution.
Advertisement
This isn't the first time the country faced the prospect of a shutdown. In October 2013, the government shut down for 16 days, and, before that, we had the longest shutdown in US history, the 21-day 1995-96 shutdown. In all of these cases, it's not explicitly a budgeting disagreement between our lawmakers: It's a political showdown, with one side refusing to pass the budget over controversial issues. In 2013, the fight was over Obamacare, with the Republican-led House of Representatives (led by Senator Ted Cruz) trying to delay or defund the Affordable Care Act. In the 1995-96 shutdown, the fight was between the Republican-controlled Congress and President Clinton over funding for Medicare, education, the environment, and public health.
This year it's about Planned Parenthood. The Republican-led House of Representatives (again starring Ted Cruz) has voted to defund the women's healthcare provider, which receives over $500 million a year in government funding—40 percent of the organization's total $1.3 billion in revenue per year.
Advertisement
Although abortion is the central debate regarding Planned Parenthood—after controversial videos surfaced showing the organization's staff allegedly discussing fetal tissue donation—the majority of Planned Parenthood's services involve screening for sexually transmitted diseases, providing contraception, and offering other women's health services, such as cancer screening.
Democrats are expected to block this legislation in the Senate, but if the bill reaches President Obama's desk, the White House says he will veto it. Still, at least 28 conservative Republicans vow not to approve any budget that includes funding for Planned Parenthood. So we are at an impasse, with the budget deadline looming.
Advertisement
Who Does a Government Shutdown Affect?
Federal employees are most directly affected by a shutdown, since most of them won't get paid during a furlough, but the rest of us taxpayers also end up paying a price.
Which Federal Employees Will Be Affected
Not all of the current 4 million+ federal employees will stop getting a paycheck during the shutdown. Some agencies, such as the US Postal Service, don't depend on the congressional appropriations funds (the Post Office gets its income from postage and its other services), so they will continue to operate as usual. Yay, we'll still get our mail!
Advertisement
For federal employees who aren't part of these exempt agencies, whether or not they'll continue working will depend on if they are “excepted” or “non-excepted.” According to the Office of Personnel Management (OPM):
“Excepted employees” include employees who are (1) performing emergency work involving the safety of human life or the protection of property, (2) performing minimal activities as necessary to execute an orderly suspension of agency operations related to non-excepted activities, or (3) performing certain other types of excepted work. Agency legal counsels, working with senior agency managers, are determining which employees are designated to be handling “excepted” and “non-excepted” functions.
Excepted employees will continue to work as normal during a shutdown—but they will not be paid until after the shutdown is resolved. (Congresspeople, by the way, continue to get a paycheck.)
Advertisement
Non-excepted employees will be forced to stop working (even on a volunteer basis) and they, too, will not be paid during the shutdown. As the Washington Post reports, these furloughed employees will not be able to use paid time off such as annual leave during this period, they can't borrow from their Thrift Savings Plan accounts, and they'll have to pay back their portion of health insurance premiums accumulated during the shutdown once they return to work. It's a raw deal for them, but there's a good chance they'll get paid later for that time:
Whether furloughed employees later will be paid for that time is up to Congress and the White House. The precedent is that they are later paid, and legislation already has been offered in the Senate to guarantee it if a shutdown happens again. (There was a separate set of unpaid furloughs in some agencies in the spring and summer of 2013 related to “sequestration” budget caps; those employees were not later paid for that time.)
Although previous shutdowns lasted only a few weeks, the threat of another one is already having its impact. Can you imagine being forced to work (or being forced not to work) without knowing if you'll get paid? During the 2013 shutdown, 1.3 million non-postal federal employees worked without pay, 850,000 non-postal federal employees were put on furlough, and over 250,000 federal contractors were also affected.
Advertisement
How a Government Shutdown Would Affect the Rest of Us
Even if you don't work for the government, a shutdown would have an effect on you. For one thing, federal agencies are now dedicating resources to deal with a possible shutdown, which means normal tasks aren't getting full attention and the quality of these services suffer. For another, as Chris Cummiskey writes on Federal Times, new ideas and programs that help the public get frozen in time. Most importantly, during a shutdown, important services will be halted.
Unlike the last shutdown, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (aka Food Stamps) would likely stop providing monthly food benefits to the 45 million Americans who depend on it. In 2013 the agency had contingency funds, but those are no longer available.
Advertisement
As to what other government services we can expect to be closed, we can look to the OMB's report regarding the shutdown in 2013:
Research, health, and safety-related services stalled. NASA shut down and the majority of employees at the National Institutes of Standards and Testing (NIST), National Science Foundation, National Institute of Health, and Center for Diseases control were furloughed. It's not just experimental research that came to a halt:
Cutbacks in flu season monitoring left us without national flu season data for two weeks
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) couldn't inspect 1,200 sites, including hazardous waste facilities and drinking water systems
Hundreds of patients couldn't enroll in clinical trials at the National Institutes of Health
The FDA delayed over 850 food safety inspections
The Federal government lost billions of dollars (i.e., taxpayers' money). OPM estimates roughly $2.5 billion was lost due to lost productivity of furloughed employees and the costs the government incurred for services not performed. Plus:
Beyond this, the Federal government also incurred other direct costs as a result of the shutdown. Fees went uncollected; IRS enforcement and other program integrity measures were halted; and the Federal government had to pay additional interest on payments that were late because of the shutdown.
Advertisement
Fewer jobs were created during the shutdown period than was expected. About 120,000 fewer jobs in the private sector because things like trade licenses and applications were put on hold, federal permitting and other reviews were halted (delaying job-creating energy and transportation projects), and loans to small businesses were halted.
Lending and economic programs for individuals were delayed. A wide variety of people were affected by this:
Veterans: the backlog of veterans' disability claims increased
Anyone expecting a tax refund: Refunds totalling $4 billion were delayed
Would-be homeowners: home loan decisions were delayed
Low-income families: Head Start centers, which provide meals and medical screening to low-income children, were closed for more than a week
Immigrants seeking citizenship: 16 out of 58 immigration courts were closed
Travelers: passports and visas stopped being processed
Recipients of Social Security benefits: the Social Security Administration paused in reviewing thousands of medical disability and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) applications
Advertisement
National museums, zoos, and parks closed. It's not just an inconvenience for us not to be able to access these national resources: Communities surrounding national parks and monuments lost significant income during the shutdown. The National Park Service estimates we lost over $500 million in lost visitor spending nationwide during that time and the service lost about $7 million in revenue directly. The Smithsonian lost $4 million in revenue.
Let's also not forget that Pokémon X and Y were delayed and we lost access to new beers during that time!
More seriously, in total, estimates put the economic cost of the shutdown between $12 billion and $24 billion. It was only 16 days, but a very expensive 16 days. This time around, we're facing another possible shutdown over pretty small stakes: 1/50th of 1 percent of the government's budget.
Advertisement
What's Next
Clearly this is not a great way to govern. Few in or out of Washington—except some Republican presidential candidate hopefuls—want a shutdown. A CNN poll finds 71% of Americans say it's more important for Congress to approve a budget and avoid a shutdown compared to the 22% who say it's more important to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Advertisement
Even the Republican party, who would likely be blamed for the shutdown, is also split on this. Some Republican leaders are calling for a reconciliation: Get the legislation passed to defund Planned Parenthood and decouple it from the federal budget entirely. Other conservatives, however, are denouncing the plan, saying that even if the bill gets to the President, he would veto it, whereas a government shutdown would, they think, force Obama to agree to defund Planned Parenthood. In the 2013 shutdown, this strong-arming tactic didn't work. Republican leaders caved and negotiated on their anti-Obamacare stance, a new spending bill was passed, and the shutdown finally ended.
As of now, it's not clear if the government is going to shut down or not, and members of both parties are strategizing ways to avert a shutdown. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has introduced stopgap legislation that would keep the government open until December 11, but redirects funding for Planned Parenthood to community health centers. Congress is expected to vote on this on Thursday, but it's also expected to be turned down by Senate Democrats, who want a “clean” spending bill without defunding. (Even if this stopgap measure passes, it will only delay a possible shutdown until December.)
Advertisement
One budget expert puts the chance of a shutdown at 75%. All we know for sure is that the casualties in this war are really the US taxpayers and employees.
There isn't much we as individuals can do now about a potential government shutdown. We can, however, donate to our national parks, zoos, and museums and we can contact our representatives in Congress to tell them how we want them to act and vote during these next few critical days. The good news is that pressure from constituents is what helped push Congress members to resolve the last shutdown—perhaps it will be enough to get them to avoid another one.
Advertisement
Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Matt Masters)
Childish Gambino, the hip-hop project of actor Donald Glover, played to an ecstatic crowd of young fans at Bonnaroo‘s Which Stage Saturday night.
The rapper mainly performed songs from his 2013 album Because the Internet and last year's S T N M T N / Kauai projects. He also took the opportunity to debut a new, experimental song, as well as several songs from his Camp and Culdesac albums.
Check out our full gallery from the performance below:
Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Gregory French) Childish Gambino performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester, Tenn. on Saturday, June 13, 2015. (MTSU Seigenthaler News Service / Matt Masters)
This article was published in cooperation with the Seigenthaler News Service.
To see our full archive of Bonnaroo coverage, click here.
Follow Greg French on Instagram at @G_F_R_E_N_C_H.
Follow Matt Masters on Instagram at @HamiltonMattMasters.
For more updates, follow us at www.mtsusidelines.com, on Facebook at MTSU Sidelines and on Twitter/Instagram at @Sidelines_Life.
To contact Lifestyles editor John Connor Coulston, email lifestyles@mtsusidelines.com
Abdul Ahad Mohmand (Pashto: عبدالاحد مومند‎; born January 1, 1959) is a former Afghan Air Force aviator who became the first Afghan and fourth Muslim to journey to outer space. He became one of Soyuz TM-6 crew members and spent nine days aboard the Mir space station in 1988 as an Intercosmos Research Cosmonaut.[1] He holds many records as an Afghan Astronaut. During this mission, Abdul Ahad Mohmand was the first cosmonaut to speak the Pashto language after he made a telephone call to Afghanistan, making it the fourth language to be officially spoken in space. He became the first Afghan citizen and the fourth Muslim to visit outer space, after Sultan bin Salman Al Saud, Muhammed Faris, and Musa Manarov. Mohmand is also believed to be the first Muslim who took the Qur'an to space.[citation needed]
Biography [ edit ]
Mohmand was born on[2] 1959 in Sardah, in the Ghazni Province of Afghanistan. He belongs to the Mohmand tribe of the Pushtun ethnic group. Mohmand graduated from the Polytechnical University of Kabul and then from the Air Force Academy. He served in the Afghan Air Force (AAF) and later trained in the Soviet Union as a pilot and a professional astronaut.[3]
Along with Commander Vladimir Lyakhov and Flight Engineer Valery Polyakov, Mohmand was part of the Soyuz TM-6 three-man crew, which launched at 04:23 GMT August 29, 1988. Momand's inclusion in the mission was a significant symbol during the Soviet–Afghan War.
During his nine days stay on the Mir space station, Momand took photographs of his country, participated in astrophysical, medical and biological experiments. He also spoke to Afghanistan's president, Mohammed Najibullah, and brewed Afghan tea for the crew.
Lyakhov and Mohmand returned to Earth aboard Soyuz TM-5. The September 6 planned landing of Soyuz TM-5 was delayed because of mechanical complications on the Mir. Radio Moscow reassured listeners that Lyakhov and Mohmand were fine and in touch with Mission Control. A recording was played of them laughing. A day later, the retro-fire was successful, and at 00:50 GMT Soyuz TM-5 landed near Dzhezkazgan. During touchdown there was no live radio coverage, only live television pictures of Mission Control.
Mohmand was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union on September 7, 1988.[4]
During his flight to space, his mother was extremely distraught over the safety of her son. Afghan President Mohammad Najibullah called Momand's mother into the President's office and arranged an audio/video conference between Mohmand and her. By this event, Pushto became the 5th language spoken in space.[citation needed]
On his return he was made Deputy Civil Aviation Minister, but was a short posting due to the failure of Soviet forces against the Mujahideen take over.
Following the withdrawal of Soviet forces from Afghanistan, Mohmand decided to emigrate to Germany in 1992 and applied for asylum there, becoming a German citizen in 2003.[5] He worked in printing services and now as an accountant residing in Ostfildern near Stuttgart.[5]
See also [ edit ]
KEVIN Rudd has applauded the United Nations resolution approving a no-fly zone over Libya, saying he hopes it isn't too late to prevent further civilian deaths.
The Foreign Minister, who had championed the measure for weeks, declined to take any personal credit for the resolution.
But he acknowledged the diplomatic battle had “been tough”.
Read Next
“Let us all hope and pray that this final resolve of the international community is not too late for the people of Libya,” Mr Rudd said.
The UN Security Council resolution comes just days after Mr Rudd criticised the body for its failure to act to protect the Libyan people from attacks by dictator Muammar Gaddafi.
He said there was no suggestion Australian fighter jets should be used to enforce the no-fly zone.
“If the no-fly zone was imposed in this part of the world, Australian assets would be considered for possible inclusion for any such UN operation. And we would consider this possibility,” Mr Rudd said.
“This is in North Africa. It is adjacent to the NATO zone, it is across the Mediterranean from the NATO zone. This is primarily the responsibility of adjoining states.”
Mr Rudd said the military effort would now be critical to preventing further loss of civilian life in Libya.
Julia Gillard, who appeared less hawkish on the need for a no-fly zone than Mr Rudd, welcomed the resolution as an important measure to stop dictator attacking the Libyan people.
"The Australian government was among the first to call for decisive action by the international community, including a UN-mandated no-fly zone," the Prime Minister said in a statement.
"This is particularly timely given our fears for the people of Benghazi, who are facing attack from Gaddafi's forces."
Ms Gillard was cautious during a recent trip to the US on the need for a no-fly zone, sparking suggestions of a split with Mr Rudd.
Former foreign minister Gareth Evans told AAP today the no-fly zone was a win for Australian diplomacy.
Professor Evans - a former Labor minister - said the resolution was hugely significant for the people of Libya.
"And it's a very significant achievement for Australian diplomacy,'' he said.
"Although we can't pretend to have been absolutely central players, since we're not on the Security Council itself, we were extremely active through Kevin Rudd in promoting - around the region and to all the relevant players - the message that something just had to be done.
"We couldn't just stand by and let this situation further deteriorate.''
Professor Evans dismissed criticism that Mr Rudd's advocacy on Libya was outside the remit of an Australian foreign minister.
"Kevin Rudd has done exactly what you would expect a competent, activist foreign minister to do,'' he said.
AT&T has certified a 3G chip module that the manufacturer calls the world's smallest, but that doesn't mean the carrier is going after toddlers as its last untapped customer base.
The U-blox SARA-U260 module, which measures 16 by 26 millimeters, can handle voice calls. But it's not designed for really small phones for tiny hands. Instead, it's meant to carry the small amounts of data that machines are sending to each other over the "Internet of things," where geographic coverage -- 3G's strong suit -- matters more than top speed. That means things like electric meters, fitness watches and in-car devices that insurance companies use to monitor policyholders' driving.
The AT&T certification means device makers can now start building products around the U260 module for use on the carrier's network. The U260 module is equipped for use on 3G networks with roaming to 2G where necessary, such as in rural areas. It includes features for various types of connected gear, including telematics devices, point-of-sale terminals, handheld devices and utility meters, according to U-blox. Along with A-GPS (Assisted Global Positioning System), it has a hybrid technology called CellLocate that uses cellular signals for a location fix indoors or in other locations where GPS isn't available.
While 4G LTE is what most users are looking for on their smartphones now and 5G is garnering most of the network-technology headlines, 3G and 2G networks are still operating and are fast enough for many consumer and enterprise IoT applications. In the U.S., most 3G networks are expected to stay online at least until the end of this decade.
IDC estimates that there are 1.4 billion non-phone devices connected to cellular networks worldwide and that there will be 8 billion by the end of 2018. Cellular technology has taken on a lot of the tasks that once were handled by proprietary networks, partly because high-volume manufacturing has brought cellular costs well below those of specially built systems. Most of the cellular-connected machines in the field today use 2G or 3G, which are often cheaper than 4G, can work on less energy and are well-suited for carrying small bits of data about speed, transactions, motion or energy consumption.
AT&T is aggressively pursuing the connected-devices business with offerings such as its Digital Life series of systems for connected homes. The carrier formed its Emerging Devices Organization eight years ago and recently named the former head of that group, Glenn Lurie, as CEO of AT&T Mobility.
Stephen Lawson covers mobile, storage and networking technologies for The IDG News Service. Follow Stephen on Twitter at @sdlawsonmedia. Stephen's e-mail address is stephen_lawson@idg.com
Cam Newton is now an elite quarterback.
Amazing what a 12-4 regular-season record and trip to the playoffs will do for perception.
Before the 2013 season, an ESPN.com analysis of the NFL's young star quarterbacks with the brightest future ranked the Carolina Panthers' third-year player fifth behind Indianapolis' Andrew Luck, Washington's Robert Griffin III, Seattle's Russell Wilson and San Francisco's Colin Kaepernick.
In his third season with Carolina, QB Cam Newton threw for 3,379 yards and 24 touchdowns to lead the Panthers to the NFC divisional playoffs. Grant Halverson/Getty Images
This week, former Chicago Bears general manager Jerry Angelo ranked Newton tied for fifth among what he called the league's elite for all NFL quarterbacks.
Using his nine-point scale, Angelo came up with his 2013 upper class in Denver's Peyton Manning (9.0), New England's Tom Brady (8.9), Green Bay's Aaron Rodgers (8.8), Newton (8.7), New Orleans' Drew Brees (8.7), San Diego's Philip Rivers (8.6) and Indy's Luck (8.5).
Wilson, who led the Seahawks to a Super Bowl XLVIII win against Denver, was in the next group with a rating of 8.4. So was Kaepernick (8.4), whose 49ers defeated Carolina in the NFC playoffs.
Griffin? He ranked 21st in the "still a work in progress category" at 6.9.
I argued before the season that Newton was undervalued in the ESPN.com ranking because he played on losing teams and didn't have a supporting cast as strong as the others.
The addition of a few key pieces, particularly on defense, turned the Panthers into a winning team as Newton's overall statistics actually went down -- except for passing touchdowns, of which he had a career-best 24.
Yet the perception was Newton had drastically changed as a player and a person, when, in reality, the biggest change was the win-loss record.
"Cam didn't change who he is as a person," coach Ron Rivera told me recently. "He just developed. He just grew. He got more experience as a player. That's what you're starting to see. Who he is or what he is doesn't change one bit. Him developing and growing older and wiser as a football player is the biggest thing that's changed.
"But he is the same person. He hates to lose doesn't want to lose. He is going to work as hard as anybody you've ever seen. We look at him differently, and people look at him differently because we did win."
That was the message Newton preached over and over during media and sponsor-driven stops in New York City the week before the Super Bowl. He insisted he basically was the same person who was part of 6-10 and 7-9 records in his first two seasons.
Did he play smarter? Yes. Did he let the game come to him more instead of forcing issues? Yes. Did he work to overcome the public image that he is aloof? Yes.
Would all of that have gone unnoticed had the Panthers continued to lose? Yes.
"Last year, going to the Super Bowl, you didn't see a lot of commercials or shots with Cam moving around and doing things," Rivera said. "And [this year] he was one of the guys that was always featured.
"Yeah, he probably did get looked at differently by the league, but, let's be honest: It is about winning and being relevant."
Newton certainly caught Angelo's attention. Here's what the long-time NFL executive said about him on TheSidelineView.com: "A special talent with flaws. He took a good team and had them playing consistently well. They didn't back into being divisional champs, they took it and he led the charge. Needs to continue to grow his football IQ. More work in the classroom is the key to is continued development."
No, the key is to continue to win.
Perception is everything.
Microsoft MSFT, +0.69% has become the latest big tech company to say it will warn users whose accounts may be the target of hackers from another country.
Yahoo US:YHOO said last week that it will send users notifications if “we strongly suspect that you may have been a target of an attack, and want to encourage you to take steps to secure your online presence.” Google GOOG, +0.52% began issuing such warnings in 2012, and Facebook FB, -0.30% and Twitter TWTR, -3.06% do so as well.
Hackers — in this case, those linked to another country, such as China or Russia — who cannot crack corporate or government agency networks often seek to infiltrate an organization through employees' personal accounts. If the individual uses the same password across accounts (and several studies have found that they do), or logs onto work-related portals from home, criminals can approach their targets through those gateways.
Fingers have been pointed at hackers linked with North Korea and China for high-profile breaches, including the incidents at Sony Pictures Entertainment and the Office of Personnel Management. Attackers looking to crack your Facebook or Yahoo accounts aren't after users' Christmas photos or holiday messages: They target people to fulfill specific objectives, says Tom Kellermann, chief cybersecurity officer at the Tokyo-based security company Trend Micro, such as gaining access to a corporate or government network.
“If you are a Fortune 1,000 corporate official, C-level, or a senior executive in the U.S. government, or you are within one degree of separation from them — as in, you are a spouse of them, a child of them or a deputy of them — you will and have been targeted already,” Kellermann says. People connected to those individuals in some way could be targeted because a criminal could use that person's account to send an email with malware to the actual target.
For example, a long-running cyber espionage campaign called Pawn Storm has targeted the credentials of more than 12,000 U.S. and Ukrainian citizens since 2014, according to Trend Micro. Russian spies behind the group attempted to lure Yahoo users into providing access to their accounts through a phishing scam, the security company explained in a blog post in August.
A spokeswoman for Facebook declined to say how many users it has notified about state-sponsored attacks. Twitter and Yahoo did not return requests for comment.
“Consumers in general are not at risk. You have to be in a specific role for something like this to be likely to occur to you,” says Al Pascual, director of fraud and security at Javelin Strategy & Research. He says the industries most likely to be targeted include politics, defense, financial services or critical infrastructure.
“If you receive one of these notifications, the first thing I would do is subsequently notify my employer.”
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
CrossingBroad.com, a Philly based sports blog is reporting that Philadelphia has submitted a bid to host WrestleMania 34 in 2018.
Philly was in play to bid for the 2015 or 2016 WrestleMania events however Philadelphia Sports Congress Executive Director Larry Needle later cited the unavailability of venues needed for the other events as a reason why no official bids were made.
Now the news is that Philadelphia has submitted a formal bid for the 2018 WrestleMania event with the big event to be hosted at the Lincoln Financial Field, Raw and NXT would be at the Wells Fargo Center, and Axxess at the Convention Center.
The Lincoln Financial Field is the home of the Philadelphia Eagles and sits just under 70,000 in a football setting.
CrossingBroad.com reached out to The Philadelphia Sports Congress but they declined to comment on the story.
It's a big deal for any city hosting the event — Houston in 2017. Janice Evans, the chief policy officer for Houston's mayor, said hosting the game will cost the city an estimated $5.5 million, primarily through increased need for police, fire and emergency personnel. The Houston Super Bowl Host Committee, a private nonprofit, will reimburse the city for the expense, though, and it's worth the trouble. She said the game is expected to bring at least $350 million to the local economy as visitors spend on hotels, entertainment, food and drink.
"It's much more of an event than other games," said Kevin Cooper, a spokesman for the Host Committee. Besides local attendees and celebrants, 140,000 people are expected to descend on the city for Super Bowl 51.
The venue for Super Bowl 51, NRG Stadium — named for utility company NRG Energy, which gained the rights through a 32-year, $300 million deal originally signed by Reliant Energy in 2002, the biggest stadium naming rights deal ever at that time — seats 72,000. On Monday, the average reseller price for a ticket to the game was over $6,000. More elaborate package deals, with pre- and post-game parties, food, drinks and entertainment, can run thousands more. For bargain hunters, events at the stadium kick off a week before the game itself. You can buy tickets to Super Bowl Opening Night for as little as $20 to watch the players and coaches meet with members of the media. For $699 you could attend a fancy tailgating event with NFL players that also has an open bar, DJ and catering by celebrity chef Guy Fieri.
Published with permission from Alternet.
In case you still had faith in the political media machine's integrity, several big outlets have cleared up that misconception for you, by offering news interviews for sale at the Democratic and Republican conventions.
As Lee Fang wrote in a July 1 article for The Intercept, which broke the story:
“For high-rolling special interests looking to make an impression at the presidential conventions next month, one option is to pay a lot of money to a media outlet. Lobbyists for the oil industry, for instance, are picking up the tab for leading Beltway publications to host energy policy discussions at the convention, including the Atlantic and Politico. For the right price, some political media outlets are even offering special interviews with editorial staffers and promotional coverage at the convention.”
The Hill newspaper, for example, is sponsoring events at both party conventions and is promising sponsors who pay $200,000 convention interviews with Hill editorial staffers for “up to three named executives or organization representatives of your choice,” according to a brochure obtained by The Intercept. “These interviews are pieces of earned media and will be hosted on a dedicated page on thehill.com and promoted across The Hill's digital and social media channels,” the brochure promises.
The Hill did not respond to The Intercept's requests for comment, Fang wrote.
Fang's article says The Economist and its subsidiary CQ Roll Call have similar deals on the table.
This is a new low even for big media. These news organizations are undeniably morphing into paid advertising and PR for the 1-percenter corporations and billionaires who control the political lobby.
People who care about the importance of journalistic integrity, or the checks and balances of the press—a necessary piece of any healthy democracy—should immediately boycott any news organization willing to stoop this low. This kind of behavior erases the already fuzzy line between the news media and the moneyed class's greedy interests.
Maybe you aren't shocked by this because this new low is simply a blatant version of what you already knew had been going on behind the scenes for years, but still, that they are so brazen about it is terrifying. What does it say about the state of the press when these well-known, long-trusted publications are straight-up going, “Hey rich people: ever wanted to buy off a journalist? Now's your chance!”
It's upsetting on a whole new level.
April M. Short writes and edits for AlterNet. She previously worked as AlterNet's drugs and health editor. Photo: Chairman of the Republican National Committee Reince Priebus gavels the Republican National Convention open in Tampa, Fla., on Monday, Aug. 27, 2012. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall)
The papacy is getting even more prestigious for HBO's The Young Pope, as Coming Soon reports Diane Keaton will be joining director Paolo Sorrentino's eight-part miniseries. Keaton will play Sister Mary, an American nun living in Vatican City who, we assume, encounters the young Pope at some point. Said young Pope, Pius XIII, will be played by Jude Law, and the series will revolve around him struggling with his strongly conservative beliefs, his compassion for the poor, and this whole thing about whether or not God actually exists—something the Pope should be pretty sure of. Production on The Young Pope is supposed to begin in a few days, and Coming Soon expects more casting announcements to come shortly. We just hope HBO gets someone funny to play God so they can liven up this serious award-baiting drama. Maybe T.J. Miller from Silicon Valley? That'd be pretty funny.
Advertisement
Since we're all here anyway.
Mr. P. B. Toast
I assume you know why, but it's nice to have your opinion repeated back to you so I'll explain: tastes perfect, fast to make, loaf of bread and jar of peanut butter not expensive, warm and melty, makes you not hungry, easy cleanup, can use a paper towel instead of a plate. Often as I prepare myself for bed I'll look forward to the cup of coffee I'm going to have in the morning, and then I'll remember: oh my god, also the peanut butter toast.
Did you know it's actually an acronym?
Peanut-butter
Eating
Always
Nice
Upon
Toast
Because
Upon
Toast
The
Eating
Really
Tastes
Only
Amazing,
So
Tasty
Incredible
Snack
Terrific
Home
Eating
Breakfast
Eating:
Simple,
Timeless
Best
Reason
Emerges —
Amazing
Kelly Conaboy:
Friend,
Associate,
Smart.
True
That's what it stands for.
The federal department that enforces Canada's environmental laws is in such disarray that some officers say they have been ignoring infractions in order to keep in line with Ottawa's "priorities," according to an internal government report.
The report by Gordon Owen, who is retiring at the end of January as head of Environment and Climate Change Canada's enforcement branch, says a public service employee survey revealed serious problems that require immediate action.
One of the alarming issues identified in his report is a failure of some environmental enforcement officers to uphold the law.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Owen states officers in the regions said they will turn a blind eye to environmental infractions if they think enforcement in that area does not fit Ottawa's priorities.
He quoted one enforcement officer as saying: "Many people are breaking the law, but because of priorities, we can't do anything."
Environment Canada
The report's findings suggest Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's promise to "restore Canada's reputation for environmental stewardship," will require more than just policy pronouncements. The new government is going to have to repair a weakened public service as well.
"The overarching comments on this issue related to staff's frustration with the lack of strategic direction provided by senior management on what our organization is and where we are going," Mr. Owen wrote in summarizing the staff survey.
Problems listed in the report include poor morale, a lack of clear goals, faulty communications and mistrust of senior managers.
"HQ doesn't listen to regions, the officers with actual experience in the field [are ignored]," Mr. Owen quotes an officer as saying.
"I believe our organization lacks accountability, knowledge, confidence and care," another commented. "There is no heart in the upper ranks."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The branch is on the front line in enforcing the laws that protect Canada's water, land and wildlife, but Mr. Owen's report says confusing directions from Ottawa about "national priorities" have left front-line workers confused and reluctant to act on infractions.
"Doesn't seem to be any clear direction from any management," one officer stated. "Look at national priorities. It is this, then something happens, and all of a sudden, we do a complete 180."
Mr. Owen's report was written in December and is circulating in the ministry.
A copy of the report, which includes a summary of the survey, was obtained by The Globe and Mail.
Mr. Owen, whose title is chief enforcement officer, did not respond to phone calls or e-mails, and a government official declined requests over several days for an interview with Mr. Owen or another departmental spokesman.
"Environment and Climate Change Canada's Enforcement Branch values the perspectives of its employees and is currently developing an action plan to address comments and suggestions provided in the survey," Barbara Harvey, a ministry spokeswoman, said in an e-mail.
Story continues below advertisement
Under the Conservative government, Environment Canada, as it was then called, underwent budget cuts, with about 20 per cent of staff laid off. Corporations were increasingly expected to regulate their own activities, reducing the role of enforcement officers and, in the eyes of many critics, weakening environmental protection.
In 2014, enforcement branch workers were surveyed on how the department was functioning, and Mr. Owen heard a barrage of complaints, which led to his report.
"Lack of real leadership: Who is making decisions and how? Where is the organization going? No indication of strategic plan," he wrote in summarizing the staff responses. "Are we law enforcement or are we a regulatory agency? … We need to focus. … This is becoming more and more of an issue as our budget continues to get smaller and we are unable to fill vacant positions."
Mr. Owen wrote that enforcement staff believe senior management "is more concerned about receiving their bonuses than ensuring that the right decisions are being made."
He said regional offices have a "lack of trust" in Ottawa, there are complaints about poor training and staff shortages, and morale is suffering.
"Make filling vacancies in the regions a priority," he advises the government. "Remaining officers are feeling the pressure of the additional workload, and officers in small offices are often unable to get out in the field because they have no one who can accompany them."
Story continues below advertisement
Staff also said they were afraid to raise issues of harassment and discrimination on the job.
"Reprisal is real and it happens in many ways (no promotion, no training, bad talking, being left out of key operations initiatives or opportunities, etc.)," he wrote.
Mr. Owen stated the survey results made him deeply concerned.
"I am left wondering, how can we continue to grow and become a leading enforcement organization when so many members of the team have serious concerns pertaining to leadership in the Branch?" he wrote. "How can we deliver our best work when people don't feel safe nor respected in their environment?"
Mr. Owen noted in the report that, even though he is about to retire, dealing with the problems must be a priority.
100 Meters, 100 Years Old: Ida Keeling Breaks Racing Record
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Penn Relays Courtesy of Penn Relays
Yes, it's been a couple of days, but we felt compelled to share:
At 100 years old, Ida Keeling set a new world record for the 100-meter dash on Saturday at Penn Relays in Philadelphia.
She completed the race against competitors 80 and up in 1 minute and 17.33 seconds — the fastest time recorded for a centenarian. (For comparison's sake, Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt holds the 100-meter world record of 9.58 seconds.)
In case you weren't already feeling inadequate enough, here's the advice Keeling offered after her event, speaking with NBC's Carolyn Manno: "Eat for nutrition, not for taste. And exercise at least once a day."
Oh, also: "Love yourself."
Watch the race and the interview via NBC:
Your browser does not support iframes.
Keeling told Runners World that she was "very happy" to show the crowd "a nice example of what you can do for yourself." Runners World adds:
"Ida Keeling smiled and celebrated by performing five pushups on the infield after Saturday's race, though she may not have been able to hear all the cheering from the 34,000 in attendance. Her daughter had taken out one of her hearing aids to prevent Ida from becoming distracted by the noise."
In April, The New York Times ran a profile of Keeling, who the newspaper says is "4-foot-6 and weighs 83 pounds." Keeling told the Times she learned resilience living through the Great Depression.
"It taught you to do what you had to do without anyone doing it for you," she said.
She was an active demonstrator during the civil rights movement, all while a widowed mother of four, the Times reports. Decades ago, two of her sons died in unsolved killings that were suspected to be drug-related, the paper says.
"Running became her therapy," Ohio's Beacon Journal reported in 2014. At 67, she leaped into competitive racing — and she hasn't stopped since.
Two London Theatres Honor Orlando Shooting Victims With Rainbow Flags
Buy Tickets to Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two
The flags replace posters at the Prince Edward and Palace Theatres.
Despite poor weather, London theatre fans gathered June 13 outside the Prince Edward Theatre for a vigil to express solidarity with the Orlando shooting victims. The theatre, which is hosting the American musical Aladdin, has temporarily replaced the show's own posters with rainbow banners.
The nearby Palace Theatre, where Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is currently in previews, replaced a poster in front of the house with a rainbow flag as well.
The gestures honor the 49 people at the gay nightclub Pulse who were killed by a gunman early June 12. It is the biggest mass shooting in American history.
Here is the Palace exterior, as tweeted by J.K. Rowling:
HERSHEY, Pa. -- Commonly used disinfectants do not kill human papillomavirus (HPV) that makes possible non-sexual transmission of the virus, thus creating a need for hospital policy changes, according to researchers from Penn State College of Medicine and Brigham Young University.
"Because it is difficult to produce infectious HPV particles for research, little has been known about HPV susceptibility to disinfection," said Craig Meyers, Distinguished Professor of Microbiology and Immunology, Penn State College of Medicine.
Use of disinfectants on HPV in health care settings has been based on what works on other viruses or what is thought should be effective.
Meyers collaborated with Richard Robison, an expert in microbial disinfectants at Brigham Young University.
HPV is estimated to be among the most common sexually transmitted diseases and is linked to cervical cancers. For this study, researchers grew HPV16, a specific strain that is responsible for up to 60 percent of all HPV-associated cancers. They then used 11 common disinfectants on the virus.
These disinfectants included ones made of ethanol and isopropanol because these are common ingredients in surface disinfectants and hand sanitizers used in both public and health care settings. Study of these hand sanitizers is important because other research has shown high levels of HPV DNA on fingers of patients with current genital infections. While HPV is susceptible to certain disinfectants, including hypochlorite and peracetic acid, it is resistant to alcohol-based disinfectants.
"Chemical disinfectants in hand sanitizer are commonly used in the general population to prevent the spread of infectious diseases," Meyers said. "For flu or cold viruses they are very effective. But the data shows that they do nothing for preventing the spread of human papillomavirus."
They also tested other common disinfectants, including glutaraldehyde, which is used for sterilization in medical and dental facilities. Results show that glutaraldehyde is not effective at inactivating the HPV virus.
Results were published in the Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy.
Other research has suggested that HPV could be transmitted non-sexually. The current study shows that medical instruments considered sterile could pose a risk for transmission.
"Chemical disinfectants used in the hospitals and other healthcare settings have absolutely no effect on killing human papillomavirus," Meyers said. "So unless bleach or autoclaving is used in the hospital setting, human papillomavirus is not being killed and there is a potential spread of HPV through hospital acquired or instrument or tool infection."
Meyers said the results suggest a need for a change in disinfectant use policies.
Other scientists on this project were Jordan Meyers, Brigham and Woman's Hospital, formerly of Brigham Young University; and Eric Ryndock and Michael J. Conway, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Penn State College of Medicine.
The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease of the National Institutes of Health and the BYU Mentoring Environment Grant program funded this research.
#R01AI57988
Since today is normally Art Journal Every Day day, I think it makes sense to post my favorite art journal pages from 2013. Next week I'll be back with the usual linky list. In the meantime, here are my faves from the past year:
There is a single overwhelming commonality isn't there? A large face.
Only one page doesn't have a face. And only two pages have small faces (less than half a spread). And that one large face seems to be the single dominant image on the pages, surrounded by journaling. As much as I have been trying to push myself past "just doing faces," I clearly love them. I enjoy creating them and I enjoy looking back at them! Maybe I should stop fighting my natural inclinations?
One other thing I notice is that the pages are dominated by blue/greens and pops of red. I try very hard to mix up my color schemes, but that's clearly what naturally appeals to me. Who knew?
Do you see any similarities that I missed? Let me know!
Thanks for stopping by!
“Church Going,” a 1955 poem by Philip Larkin, describes the mix of awkwardness and reverence many of us feel when faced with the monuments of our religious past. The narrator, having removed his cycle clips to visit an old church, asks himself why he continues these debased pilgrimages, which “always end at a loss like this, wondering what to look for.” Larkin's tourist is unwilling to embrace the rigidities of strict atheism or strict orthodoxy, and lives somewhere in the murky space between the two.
A majority of Americans are in a similar situation: over ninety percent believe in God, while less than one fourth believe that their faith is the only true one. The sterile and increasingly hysterical debate between the self-appointed representatives of “science” and “religion” has very little to do with the experience of religion in modern society, and many of us are, at least in secret, at one with Larkin's shuffling visitor: “Bored, uninformed, knowing the ghostly silt dispersed, yet tending to this cross of ground.”
Perhaps the problem is the one diagnosed by Hannah Arendt: the collapse of orthodox religion has not caused us to turn towards the world with the piety and love once accorded God. Benjamin Lazier, in his inspiring and beautifully-written God, Interrupted: Heresy and the European Imagination Between the World Wars (Princeton, 2009), suggests that there can be no simple path between these two forms of reverence. A detour through the long tradition of heresy might be required in order to overcome religion without losing our faith. Through a study of the surprising influence of heretical thought on Hans Jonas, Leo Strauss, and Gershom Scholem—three of the most influential Jewish intellectuals of the twentieth century—Lazier attempts to resuscitate the lost art of heresy, with all its possibilities and danger.
From the second century onwards, the prototypical heretic was the Gnostic: a catch-all term applied to anyone who believed that God was radically distinct from the created world, and that the creator God of scripture was, in fact, the devil. This sounds almost unimaginably exotic to us now, but Gnosticism was, for centuries, seen as a real threat to early Christian and Jewish faith. The other model heretic was the pantheist. If the Gnostic sought to rigorously distinguish god and world, the pantheist sought to equate the two. Although somewhat more charming than its predecessor, pantheism was, orthodox believers pointed out, perilously close to atheism; this explains the endless controversy, some of which is tracked by Lazier, swirling around Spinoza, philosophy's most famous pantheist.
Although European societies were obsessed for centuries with the identification and persecution of heretics, Gnosticism and pantheism refused to die (however many actual heretics were forced to). The most recent resurgence of Jewish heresy occurred in the wake of liberal theology's implosion after World War I. Rationalist theologians, from Moses Mendelssohn onwards, had argued that Judaism needed to modernize, shedding the outdated trappings of Jewish tradition and replacing them with rational ethics; likewise, the Jewish people had to transform from an insular religious community into “German citizens of the Mosaic persuasion,” as the slogan had it. In Hermann Cohen's “religion of reason,” the God of Job—thundering in impenetrable clouds—is replaced by a sweetly reasonable deity, and the age-old struggle between Athens and Jerusalem is concluded with a peace treaty and handshakes all around. After the blatant irrationality of World War I, this theology became literally incredible. Leo Strauss liked to tell a story about a pious Jew who asked Cohen, perhaps the most prominent rationalist theologian, about the fate of God in his Kantian system. Instead of providing an answer, Cohen wept prescient tears.
In the tumult of interwar Europe, many attempted to reclaim this absent God through heresy: both Gnosticism and pantheism, the twin rivals of a discredited orthodoxy, reappeared and flourished. Jonas, Strauss, and Scholem, all of whom came to maturity in this postwar period, were indelibly marked by this revival. They all felt, like the heretics, that we lived in a world from which the orthodox God had absented himself. They also, however, argued that God's vanishing act was not the end of the story. The creation of a modern form of faith—beyond both religion and materialism—required a final overcoming of heresy. This time, the critique would not send us back into the welcoming embrace of orthodoxy, but rather propel us forward, into the world.
Both Jonas and Strauss argued that the horrors of modernity stemmed from God's disappearance. Against the Gnostics and pantheists, whom they relentlessly attacked, the two German Jews held that the world left behind could be reinvested with the transcendent value that used to be God's alone. Modernity, in other words, could only be redeemed by filling the God-shaped hole in our society with nature. In Aristotelian terms, they see physis as an antidote to nomos. We need, that is, to understand nature differently: not merely as “that which surrounds us,” but as a metaphysical and ethical order that sets limits to human activity—limits that we are manifestly incapable of setting for ourselves.
For Jonas, the modern worldview was tainted with Gnosticism: we treat the earth, and one another, with such consummate lack of care because, in the absence of God, living things appear to us as mere matter to be used and abused at our convenience. Once we stop seeing nature as a stage for God's creation, and God's order, everything is permitted (to quote another famous heretic). From this insight he developed a robust philosophical biology and environmental ethics, premised on the final overcoming of the Gnostic heresy. Similarly, Leo Strauss felt that the violence of his century was rooted in a disenchantment of the world. In classical times, he argued, nature was seen as a source of ethical and political truths. We have now forgotten this, and the consequences of our relativism are not hard to find. As an antidote to modern nihilism he sought to revive the old philosophical approach to nature, which saw the world not as—again—mere matter, but as a repository of meaning and, in Strauss's special sense of the term, natural right.
Gershom Scholem, Lazier's third and most enigmatic subject, also travels through heresy to ground a modern, pious relationship between man and nature. He does not so much reject certain orthodoxies as embrace all heresies. For Scholem, God's absence from the world creates the space of nothingness from which we can hear His voice. Nature is neither identified with nor distinct from God: these two heresies result, Scholem thought, in either “absolute homelessness” or “absolute Godlessness.” When we encounter the world, Scholem suggests, we are not faced with the bare nothing of the Gnostics or the flaccid everything of the pantheists; instead, we are faced with a unique something that is autonomous from God yet shot through with traces of its divine origin. Only a gap between God and world allows us the space to develop autonomously as ethical subjects, but this gap is not absolute: from our all-too-human standpoint, we can still sense God, and we can still glimpse redemption.
Although neither Lazier nor his subjects, presumably, have been threatened with a burning at the stake, this remains heresy that counts, not the anemic “heresy” that is simply a masked form of indifference. G.K. Chesterton describes the man who “says, with a conscious laugh, ‘I suppose I am very heretical,' and looks round for applause.” Heresy in this sense, of simply having opinions that do not happen to be orthodox, is perhaps the default religious option for many of us today, as it was for Larkin's cyclist. This is not the heresy of Lazier's book, and that is its great merit: it shows us an alternative to strict orthodoxy that does not take the form of shrugging ecumenism. Lazier, it should be clear, is not attempting to found a new orthodoxy. Instead he is unearthing a style of thought and reasoning, which, following Peter Berger, he calls “the heretical imperative.” This mode of engagement with the religious past replaces confused half-belief with exacting analysis, shaping the shards of exploded traditions into something new instead of leaving them in a mess on the floor. If the God of orthodoxy has lost his plausibility for many of us—for two-thirds of us, apparently—heretical reasoning allows us a path to piety that does not circle back to a bankrupted past.
To adopt Lazier's title, the modern predicament is one in which God's call is “interrupted.” The orthodox solution to this dilemma is to act as though she can still hear the word of God with complete clarity, while the atheist's solution is to clap her ears against the ever-quieter echoes of past revelation. The Jewish intellectuals discussed by Lazier present us with a third option: to open our ears to nature, and to one another. The skeptic would argue that a circuitous route through heresy is hardly necessary to arrive at such a banal conclusion; in response, Lazier's modern heretics would wonder why such a simple resolution was ignored in the tragedies of the twentieth century. As Scholem put it in a devastating formulation, whose simplicity belies the heretical complexity required to truly defend it: “Develop peacefully, and don't destroy the world.”
James Chappel is a graduate student in modern European history at Columbia University. He is currently writing a dissertation on twentieth-century Catholic intellectuals, many of whom would have been very happy to revive the Inquisition.
Whatever happened in that discredited Rolling Stone story, whether the proportion of female students victimized by campus sexual assault is 0.6 percent or 20 percent, even if crime rates are falling, far too many women and men face incidences of sexual harassment and abuse in a given year. But economists have one little-discussed way to help drive down rates of abuse: raise taxes.
The taxes in question are alcohol taxes. They are a surprisingly powerful tool to stem alcohol abuse and binge drinking. And they have tremendous knock-on effects on crime rates.
Related Stories Everything We Know About the UVA Rape Case [Updated]
Social scientists and public-policy types have long recognized the deep linkages between alcohol use and crime on college campuses. According to government research, every year, 97,000 students are “victims of alcohol-related sexual assault or date rape,” with alcohol consumption having a profound effect on perpetrators' behavior. Alcohol reduces inhibition and attention to social cues, and increases aggression. Individuals also use it to justify and abet assault, or to muddy a victim's memory of and manipulate his or her feelings about the act in question.
Drinking also makes victims more vulnerable to abuse. One study, for instance, found that three quarters of rapes happened “when the victims were so intoxicated they were unable to consent or refuse.” As such, “a woman's chance of being raped is far more pronounced on campuses where the student body as a whole engages in a high rate of binge drinking and when individuals consume a large amount of alcohol,” said Meichun Mohler-Kuo of the Harvard School of Public Health, the study's lead author.
It follows that reducing drinking has a positive effect on a variety of health and public-safety outcomes — everything from vehicle crashes to liver cirrhosis to suicide to assault to child abuse to homicide to the transmission of gonorrhea.
So how to get college kids to cut back on the booze? Hew to the fundamental law of economics and raise its price. Study after study has shown that “higher prices or taxes were associated with a lower prevalence of youth drinking.” That includes a reduction in “heavy drinking” and “binge drinking.”
And further studies have linked high prices for beer to lower chances of young individuals “taking advantage of another person sexually or having been taken advantage of sexually,” underscoring that there is a causal mechanism at work. Cheap alcohol means more alcohol means worse behavior means more violence. Expensive alcohol means less alcohol means better behavior means less violence.
Upping the price is the easy part. Impose higher taxes on alcoholic beverages. Add extra levies on the purchase of large amounts of alcohol, like kegs or handles. Slap fees on liquor stores that are located near college campuses. Ban the sale of alcohol near schools. Colleges and universities themselves could also try to influence the price of drinking — charging sororities, fraternities, and social organizations for throwing parties, say, or barring them from offering alcohol for free. A college rager with a cash bar asking $5 a Solo cup is no college rager at all, hard though that rule might be to enforce.
There's a fun thing that economists and public-policy types think might cut back on alcohol-fueled violence, too: the decriminalization or legalization of marijuana. The studies are a little thinner and shakier here. Nevertheless, there is some evidence that young people tend to substitute pot for alcohol. They either burn one down or chug one down; more pot means less beer. And there's also evidence that increasing the price of beer nudges young people to switch to pot — with some significant effects, including lower rates of violent crime. “Alcohol is clearly the drug with the most evidence to support a direct intoxication-violence relationship,” according to one paper in the journal Addictive Behaviors. “Cannabis reduces likelihood of violence during intoxication.”
There you have it: Tax the frat boys for their beer and booze, lower the price of pot, and make campuses a far safer place.
While calling in to the WVOM Morning Show Tuesday morning, Governor Paul LePage suggested we should "bring back the guillotine" for convicted drug traffickers here in Maine.
According to the Encyclopedia Brittanica, the guillotine is a medieval execution device that cuts the head off of the body as the victim is strapped on a table.
Click here to listen to the full audio from WVOM.
In a story today on Politico.com , the Governor's comments were reported to receive national attention:
I think the death penalty should be appropriate for people who kill Mainers,” LePage said…. He said he was “appalled” at critics, such as the American Civil Liberties Union of Maine, who are angry over his comments, saying they are protecting drug traffickers. “What we ought to do is bring the guillotine back,” he said, interrupting the hosts. “We could have public executions and we could even have which hole it falls in.”
National news outlets that have picked up the story and the Governor's comments today include CNN , NBC News , The Hill in Washington, New York Magazine , and the Washington Post.
See also: Paul LePage Senior Staffer Sends Bizarre Emails to the Rachel Maddow Show
Judge William Horkins said today he will allow the Crown to include a statement from a fourth witness in the Jian Ghomeshi case in Toronto, after the prosecution argued it could corroborate Lucy DeCoutere's testimony last week in the trial of the former CBC Radio host.
Crown attorney Michael Callaghan had planned to call a friend of DeCoutere — one of three complainants who have already testified — to the witness box in the Ontario Court of Justice. But because the friend lives in Nova Scotia, the prosecution will put her police statement and some correspondence before Horkins instead.
Callaghan said DeCoutere told the other witness about the alleged sexual assault more than 10 years ago. He said that could help dispel the defence's narrative that the complainant had made up the allegations to become more famous.
The defence team said it expects to wrap up its case Wednesday if the Crown closes its own, indicating it's unlikely Ghomeshi will testify.
The 48-year-old is charged with four counts of sexual assault and one count of overcoming resistance by choking, all related to incidents from 2002 to 2003. He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges. While DeCoutere is allowing her name to be used, the other two complainants' names are protected under a publication ban.
Both the prosecution and defence say they expect to deliver their closing arguments by Thursday at the latest.
You can follow the blog here
An opportunistic robber New Orleans police are calling the “brown paper-bag bandit” for his unusual manner of confronting his victims is responsible for two-late night muggings this week in the Garden District, authorities said.
In the first case, two people were walking on Jackson Avenue near Camp Street around 1 a.m. Monday, Oct. 6, when they were approached from behind with a man in dark clothing with a paper bag over his hand, implying he had a weapon and demanding their belongings, said NOPD Sixth District Commander Ronnie Stevens.
In the second case, around 12:40 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 8, a woman had fallen off her bicycle on near Josephine and Chestnut (just on the opposite side of the Trinity Episcopal campus from Monday's case) and the suspect stopped to help her, Stevens said. He then started to walk away, before turning back with the paper bag over his hand, Stevens said.
“He asked if the lady was OK, then he turned around and robbed her out of the stuff in the basket on her bike,” Stevens said Wednesday at the weekly meeting of NOPD commanders.
The bandit represents one of three or four serial robbers believed to be active around the Uptown area at the moment, which Commander Paul Noel in the neighboring Second District called the “main issue” currently facing investigators.
In separate set of cases, police believe two armed robberies on Carrollton Avenue in the Riverbend area are linked. The first took place Sunday, Sept. 28, at 11:42 p.m., at Carrollton and Freret, and the second was Wednesday, Oct. 1, at 11:56 p.m. near Carrollton and Burthe. Police have been tracking stolen credit cards and cell phones in those cases as they develop a suspect, Noel said.
Police now believe the armed robber at the Discount Corner on South Claiborne is operating independently from those targeting the Magnolia Discount stores on South Carrollton and Airline Highway, Noel said. Even so, all of the Second District's proactive patrols have been directed into that area in order to break the case before it becomes more serious than a robbery, he said.
“That whole area is soaking up most of our resources,” Noel said. “We've gotta capture these guys, because sooner or later they're going to kill somebody.”
Police have developed suspects, Noel said, though he declined to share any details. Second District violent-crime investigators have a 50-percent solve rate this year, well above the national average, Noel said, so he said he is confident that arrests are forthcoming.
“Armed robberies are the best thing we do, so I think we're going to get a break on this,” Noel said.
OAK CREEK — An alert loss prevention officer at the Oak Creek Meijer grocery store tipped off his colleagues in Wauwatosa, leading to the arrest of suspects in a 3-man energy drink burglary scheme.
According to their criminal complaint, Rojello Longoria, Richard Spiller, Sr. and his son Richard Spiller, Jr. were at the Oak Creek Meijer in Drexel Town Square in Oak Creek on Sept. 18, when they tried pushing a cart with more than $900 in 5-Hour Energy Drinks and 12-packs of Red Bull concealed in a shopping cart.
When the Oak Creek loss prevention officer stopped the three men just before the store's exit, they abandoned the energy drink-laden cart at the exit when their attempts to distract the loss prevention officer failed, the complaint stated.
When Oak Creek police reviewed the store footage of the incient, they recognized two of the men from around southeastern Wisconsin as retail theft suspects.
The Oak Creek loss prevention officer sent a bulletin to other stores in the area to be on the lookout for three suspects. Less than a half-hour after the Oak Creek incident, the three men were at it again - this time at the Wauwatosa Meijer, the complaint stated.
The Wauwatosa Meijer loss prevention employee told police that Longoria selected a plastic tote and loaded it up with Red Bull.
Just like in Oak Creek, all three defendants met up inside the store, and later defendants Longoria and Spiller Sr. push the cart with the tote full of Red Bull past the last point of purchase without consent and attempt to exit the store without paying for the merchandise, valued at $359.85, and are stopped by store employees.
According to the complaint, Spiller Sr. and Longoria fled in different directions. Meijer employees followed Longoria to a McDonald's restaurant where police eventually arrested him. The other two defendants got into a white Buick, that he identified as a LeSabre that left the scene.
>>> image via shutterstock
Preview: why refereeing decisions may cost the series
Behind the sentiment and romance of the Lions lurks an uncomfortable truth.
When the Lions last won a series, back in 1997 against the Springboks, they lost the try count 9 tries to 2 – their only victory in the professional era.
When they last won a series in Australia in 1989, they lost the try-count 6 tries to 3.
Even in 1971 in New Zealand, the first tour to establish the right balance of romance and pragmatism under the coaching stewardship of Carwyn James, the try count was still 8-6 in favour of the All Blacks.
The truth that the Lions will not beat you by scoring tries has been confirmed on the current tour. The main threat to Wallaby success by far is the boot of Leigh Halfpenny. He kicked 5 out of 6 in the first Test when the Wallaby kickers missed five shots at goal and he kicked 5 out of 7 in the second. Even those he missed were on target but slightly outside his range.
The Wallabies now know that conceding a penalty anywhere up to about 48m from their own posts is a virtual ‘gimme' for the Lions goal-kicker.
The scrum & breakdown penalty stats
The first two Tests have shown that the vast majority of penalties will be awarded at either the scrum or the breakdown. Of the 44 penalties awarded in the two games so far, 24 have been for offences at the breakdown [55%] and 8 for offences at the scrum [18%].
Of the 21 kickable penalties, 17 have come from one of these two situations. That's a massive 81% of all penalty scoring opportunities! 63 points have been offer to the side that can decode the referee's interpretation of the scrum and breakdown more accurately.
Refereeing interpretation of the breakdown
There was a huge shift in refereeing interpretation between Chris Pollock in Brisbane and Craig Joubert in Melbourne. Basically the referee can take one of two views at the tackle area. He can either choose to emphasize the law relating to the tackler
“The tackler must immediately get up or move away from the tackled player and from the ball at once.” [15/4b]
Or he can put more stress on the law relating to the ball-carrier
“A tackled player must immediately pass the ball or release it. That player must also get up or move away from it at once.” [15/5b]
Very rarely do you find, in the real time of international matches, a referee who can pay attention to both sides of the law equally. With every ref there is a preference, and international teams spend a lot of time researching and preparing for them.
In the first Test, Chris Pollock refereed the tackle area from the perspective of the first rule and demanded that the tackler or tackle assist move away from the ball-carrier as a ‘first action'. This clearly favoured the Australian offense. The Lions conceded a colossal 9 penalties at all breakdowns and 6 times at defensive breakdowns, basically for the same offence in different clothes – not moving away from the tackled player.
As a result the advantage I indicated the Lions would have in the following article http://www.greenandgoldrugby.com/analysis-why-injuries-may-force-the-lions-to-play-their-best-hand/ [see #7 ‘Day of the Jackal'] never materialised. All of the Lions good jackals were pinged by Pollock – O'Driscoll was nearly yellow-carded for repeated infringements early in the match [4' and 6' “not supporting bodyweight”], and O'Connell [67' “not releasing the tackled player”], Heaslip [61' “playing the 9”], Mako Vunipola [74' “side entry”] and Sam Warburton [53' “no release”] all received the same treatment.
Pollock did not demand that the Wallaby cleanout do its job and blow the jackals off the ball, he only asked that they made contact with the opponent. This completely neutered an important advantage going into the game for the Lions. There is no doubt in my mind that Australia would have won this match comfortably had they been able to keep Christian Lealiifano on to kick the 14 kickable points they left unwanted on the turf of Suncorp stadium.
Craig Joubert, a far more experienced international official than Pollock, refereed the second Test predominantly from the second rule, demanding an immediate release from the ball-carrier. The interpretation turned a complete 180 and all of a sudden the Lions' jackals were in the game with a vengeance!
The Lions were awarded 8 penalties at the tackle area, 5 of them for Wallabies failing to release the ball. Sam Warburton [3' & 49'], Jamie Heaslip [6'], Mako Vunipola [10'] and even replacements Conor Murray [55'] and Sean O'Brien [79'] all profited from Joubert's judgments. The penalty count was 9-4 in the Lions' favour at the half and Joubert's interpretations had given them control – a control they unfortunately passed up through their determination to kick their ball away throughout the game.
What it means for the Third Test
Another consequence of Joubert's breakdown interpretations is that they effectively did for Michael Hooper. Hooper won no ball at the Lions' rucks and even lost one he took into contact against Sam Warburton [3']. As I pointed out in a previous article http://www.greenandgoldrugby.com/analysis-why-the-wallabies-will-miss-george-smith/ [“Hooper and Smith as competitors at the tackle”], Hooper is only really viable as a starter if you have a George Smith to provide the stickability he lacks at the tackle area.
The presence of Smith is essential to release Hooper as a runner and support player and make the best use of his phenomenal field coverage. For that reason I would be surprised if we don't see Hooper and Smith on the field together – probably with Ben Mowen moving into 8 and Rob Simmons coming on to add an extra lineout target – sometime from the 45' onwards in Sydney.
The referee for the game in Sydney is Frenchman Romain Poite, and his style of refereeing at the tackle area will be far closer to that of Joubert than it is to Pollock. In other words he will favour the defensive player in most 50/50 situations. In the meantime selection has altered the jackalling balance quite dramatically towards Australia, and I think Robbie Deans' selection of George Smith could turn out to be a major coup.
The Wallabies will now have the best player at the tackle area on the field bar none [even though Sean O'Brien is very good], and they have the option of introducing Hooper early in the second half. The Lions have chosen to drop Brian O'Driscoll, Jamie Heaslip and Mako Vunipola [to the bench] and they have not replaced them with people who can play at the tackle. So now it will be Smith, AAC, Benn Robinson and Ben Mowen against O'Brien and Jon Davies on the Lions side. This has now become, quite suddenly and unexpectedly a big area of advantage for Australia.
Scrum interpretations and Ben Alexander
Benny Alexander has fully justified Deans' faith in him after two Tests. The starting Wallaby front-row only gave up two non-kickable penalties against the Lions in Brisbane while the reserve props engineered a crucial 5m scrum turnover in the last 10' of the match and won the penalty that gave Kurtley Beale one last chance at redemption with the final kick of the game. Edge Australia.
In the game at Melbourne, Alexander milked three penalties, one free-kick and one heel against the head out of Mako Vunipola as the Wallabies attacked across the front of the Lions front row. Although the Lions managed to patch up some of the technical issues at two scrums before half-time [26' and 32'], and their bench front-row of Vunipola/Hibbard/Cole reversed the negative outcomes of the week before, the Wallabies still came out roughly even with a 3-3 penalty count and a 9-6 loss in points kicked off scrum penalties.
Vunipola is what they call in the NFL a ‘wide-body' who struggles to keep ahead of the opposing tight-head and preventing him working through the 1-2 bind . As Scott [and forum commentator ‘Nutta'] explained in his second scrum article Vunipola's poor mechanics tend to leave him disengaged on the side of the scrum and effectively gave the Wallabies a 3 on 2 in the front row.
Countering the ‘Corbisiero angle'
If Alexander believes that running out ahead of the Wallaby team for his 50th cap was a great occasion, his 51st is likely to prove even more memorable for quite different reasons! Warren Gatland has thrown all his eggs into the basket marked ‘scrummaging' for the final game in Sydney with the selection of Alex Corbisiero, Richard Hibbard and Adam Jones. Each one of this trio would probably be acknowledged by their peers as the best pure scrummagers in their positions in GB and Ireland. Cian Healy and Tom Youngs might well be better all-rounders at 1 and 2, but if all you want to do is scrum, Corbisiero and Hibbard are your men.
Corbisiero is not the same animal as Vunipola at all. At the scrum he is of tremendous help to his hooker because of his ability to stay above the opposing tight-head, even if this requires a very acute angle:
http://youtu.be/shZtoH44uIs?t=31m47s
As soon as Corbisiero feels the Springbok tight-head Jannie du Plessis trying to work his way on to hooker Tom Youngs, he angles into him sharply by tucking his right shoulder underneath his hooker. At 18:14 he is scrumming at a hard right angle on to du Plessis. Although this creates something of a black hole for the man pushing behind him, the fact that he is going forward means that only one side can win the penalty from referee Nigel Owens.
Within half an hour of this match the Springboks had been reduced to taking lineouts instead of scrums when they were given the option.
The other problem for Alexander is that Hibbard is a lot bigger than Youngs and has more size and power with which to repel a tight-head coming across the tunnel.
The bottom line is that Alexander and the Wallaby front row cannot hope to operate against Corbisiero/Hibbard as they did against Vunipola/Youngs. Their ability to come up with a new and successful strategy will determine the distribution of scrum penalties throughout the game.
Romain Poite – ‘Ming the merciless' at scrum-time
And scrum penalties there will be, in any match controlled by M.Poite! Poite has a reputation in the northern hemisphere for sniffing out the weakest member of the six front-rowers and penalising him mercilessly. He is also a ‘three-and-out' ref who will not hesitate to yellow-card his victim after the third penalty for repeated infringement.
This was the fate that befell Martin Castrogiovanni, the veteran Italian tight-head, after he popped out of the roof of a retreating scrum for the third time in the 58', in the Six Nations battle against a Welsh front row containing Hibbard and Adam Jones.
Whatever Ben Alexander does, it needs his full concentration. I believe Alexander's occasional failures in set-up are primarily due to his tendency to drift in and out of matches mentally rather than in a terminal problem with technique. He will need to be consistent on Saturday because these Lions' front-row has been selected simply to blast away at the scrum face for 50-60 minutes.
Warren Gatland's selection in general has brought play closer to the set-piece for the Lions and further away than ever from the multi-phase, ball-in-hand possession play traditionally favoured by Australia. It is a real polarization of hemispheres. The Lions will probably play a pressure game in the scrum and from driving mauls from lineout and try to maximise their penalty opportunities. Phase sequences will not go beyond the first five or six phases before the ball is kicked away to Australia.
With George Smith back in harness at the breakdown and a tight five who can beat their opposite numbers for work-rate and field coverage for the first hour, the Wallabies are much better-placed to operate a possession offense than they were in the first two Tests – if they get enough primary possession.
Can the Lions create the opportunity for M. Poite to penalise and/or card Ben Alexander at set-piece?
Will the Lions leadership core, deprived of its three senior pros in Paul O'Connell, Brian O'Driscoll and Sam Warburton, stand up in critical situations?
Can the Lions match the Wallabies at the breakdown with George Smith starting and their own front five more powerful, but less active and mobile than before?
The Lions probably need to answer all these questions in the affirmative in order to win tomorrow.
It is an unlikely prospect.
Via contact.ipr@gmail.com and GP.org:
Carbondale, IL Green Party gubernatorial candidate Rich Whitney issued the following statement today regarding the ballot issue in Chicago:
On October 12, we learned from an early voter in Chicago that there was a problem with the early voting machines. He cast his ballot for me, Rich Whitney, Green Party candidate for Governor. My name was spelled correctly on the first screen, but when it went to the review screen, my name appeared as Rich Whitey, with the letter n missing. At the review screen, any voter who was confused or troubled by the thought of voting for Rich Whitey, then had an option to change his/her vote.
As a result of this ghastly mistake, I very likely have lost some votes. And at this writing, I may still be losing more votes from early voters until this problem is corrected. More importantly, the rights of voters to cast a ballot in favor of the candidate of their choice, without interference, has now been compromised.
This is unacceptable, especially in a race as critical to the future of our state as this governors race.
I can appreciate and understand the humorous aspect of this, which has captured the imagination of some of the media. Believe me, at a time like this, you have to take time out to enjoy a good laugh. I especially liked the quip from a blogger who wrote that most of the Democratic and Republican candidates could be labeled rich whitey and it would save voters a lot of time.
By all means, enjoy the humor. But do not let it distract you from the serious issues raised by this incident, which demand real answers, real accountability and real remedies.
I appreciate the apology and effort by Chicago Election Board Chairman Langdon Neal to address the problem as quickly as possible. But there are still numerous questions unanswered and serious concerns that should trouble all Illinois voters of all political persuasions:
The Board was slow to respond to this and we were given changing stories about the scope of the problem, first being told that it was limited to a number of wards, then being told it was City-wide.
Mr. Neal attributed the error to a Toronto-based private contractor known as Dominion Voting, probably the largest single provider of electronic voting machines in the nation. This once again raises the specter of Black Box voting. Why is something as vital to our society as the integrity of the vote being left to a private, for-profit contractor? This underscores the problems with the whole trend toward privatization of essential public functions, which I have criticized as a candidate. One of the most important functions of government the integrity of our vote, making sure that people can cast an accurate ballot and have it counted accurately should not be left to a private, for-profit firm that has a profit incentive to cut costs and cut corners. We should not be relying on electronic voting machines that are hackable, unreliable and depend on proprietary software that election officials are not privy to.
We in the Green Party have already been in the forefront of the fight for ballot integrity. We want election authorities to use durable, verifiable paper ballots only. The current incident is but the latest of a long list of problems arising from the use of such electronic voting machines, with the programming left to private firms that are not fully accountable to the public. This is the same problem that led to the probably stolen national elections of 2000 and 2004, and countless problems with Black Box voting documented on sites like blackboxvoting.org, blackboxvoting.com and bradblog.com.
Whiteygate has not only cost me votes, apparently with no recourse to recover them. It raises serious questions about the integrity of the entire vote for Illinois and whether anyone's votes are going to be accurately cast and accurately counted.
This incident can only be the result of two things: A deliberate act or gross negligence. Either way, it is absolutely unacceptable. In suggesting a possible intentional act, we are not accusing anyone of a conspiracy. In fact, it would only take one or two maliciously motivated individuals to sabotage voting machines (which is part of the problem), not a conspiracy. But the fact is that the Green Party has been the victim of hostile acts by election authorities before. In both the 2008 and 2010 primaries, we had to deal with the problem of the Democratic Party ballots being printed on green card stock which led to people requesting a Green ballot being handed a Democratic Party ballot. We also ran into problems in a number of precincts where election judges claimed not to know about any Green Party primary, and/or hid the ballots from public view. In sum, we have good reason to be suspicious.
The other possibility is gross negligence and that points back to the problem of privatization of public functions generally. Again, a private, for-profit firm has a profit incentive to cut costs and cut corners. How hard could it have been to proofread the ballot screens and test the machines before putting them out for use?
There is still more work to do on this issue. We are weighing legal options, considering that I, and the voters, have almost certainly lost votes that cannot be recovered. We still need answers to some questions: Who was responsible? How did this happen? Why weren't the ballot review screens proofread? Was this intentional or gross negligence? Where was the public oversight?
Rich Whitney is a 55-year-old civil rights and employment lawyer from Carbondale. As a lawyer, he has fought for working people who have lost their jobs or had their rights violated. A founder of the Illinois Green Party, he has long been politically active in support of the labor, health-care reform, environmental, civil rights, and peace movements. In 2006, he served as the Green Partys first candidate for Governor, winning over 360,000 votes and making it possible for Illinois voters to have a third choice on the ballot statewide.
For candidate interview requests please contact Brandon Punke at 618-434-0046 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting 618-434-0046 end_of_the_skype_highlighting or Doug Dobmeyer at 312-315-6887 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting 312-315-6887 end_of_the_skype_highlighting.
Donald Trump says he's looking forward to debating Hillary Clinton three times before the general election, but he wants to make sure the moderators are fair.
“I will absolutely do three debates,” Trump tells Time. “I want to debate very badly. But I have to see the conditions.”
“I renegotiated the debates in the primaries, remember? They were making a fortune on them and they had us in for three and a half hours and I said that's ridiculous,” Trump reminisced. “I'm sure they'll be open to any suggestions I have, because I think they'll be very fair suggestions. But I haven't [seen the conditions] yet. They're actually presented to me tonight.”
Trump told Time that he “reserved the right to object to the commission's choice of moderators, which have not yet been announced.”
“I'll have to see who the moderators are. Yeah, I would say that certain moderators would be unacceptable, absolutely,” Trump declared. “I did very well in the debates on the primaries. According to the polls, I won all of them. So I look forward to the debates. But, yeah, I want to have fair moderators … I will demand fair moderators.”
The Commission on Presidential Debates (CDP), which produced general election debates for nearly three decades, is a nonpartisan organization. It scheduled three presidential debates this fall ahead of the general election on Nov. 8.
The debates include:
Sept. 26 in New York
Oct. 9 in Missouri
Oct. 19 in Nevada
The vice presidential candidates, Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA) and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, will have one debate in Virginia on Oct. 4.
According to Politico, the commission is preparing for if a third-party candidate meets the requirements — reaching 15 percent in national polls — to join a debate.
“This needs to be done in the same way we've done this,” the CPD official said to Time. “There are fine points that get negotiated. If there is a strong preference about the set, that can be discussed.”
“You want to do something that is respectful for candidates of different heights,” the official added, but said the format is “non-negotiable.”
Clinton's campaign says the former secretary of state looks forward to participating in the debates.
“Secretary Clinton looks forward to participating in all three presidential debates scheduled by the independent debate commission,” stated John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chairman. “It is concerning that the Trump campaign is already engaged in shenanigans around these debates. It is not clear if he is trying to avoid debates, or merely toying with the press to create more drama.”
“We will accept the commission's invitation and expect Donald Trump to do the same,” he added.
This page is about the racial classification of Americans with ancestry from India, as viewed by U.S. courts, agencies, institutions, and self-identification. For anthropological racial classifications of Indians in general, see Racial groups of India
The racial classification of Indian Americans has varied over the years and across institutions.[12] Originally, neither the courts nor the census bureau classified Indian Americans as a race because there were only negligible numbers of Indian immigrants in the United States. For most of America's early history, the government only recognized two racial classifications, "White" or "Colored". Due to racist immigration laws of the time, those deemed "Colored" were often stripped of their American citizenship or denied the ability to become citizens. For these reasons, various South Asians in America took the government to court to try and be considered "White" instead of "Colored", using various rationales.[13]
It wasn't until 1980, amid pressures within the Indian community for recognition, that the census created an “Asian Indian” category. Around 360,000 people identified as such in 1980; in the last census, in 2010, this grew to 2.8 million.[14][15] Since 1980, the U.S. Census Bureau further allowed Indian Americans to self-report their ethnicity,[16] owing to the immense diversity of the Indian subcontinent, which is home to more than 2000 different ethnic groups[17] and all the racial groups known to mankind.[18] Only the continent of Africa exceeds the linguistic, genetic and cultural diversity of the nation of India.[19] The decision to let Indian Americans self-identify was made both in light of the aforementioned diversity in India, which has all the different racial groups represented in its diverse population, in addition to accommodate the fact that in recent years, increasingly diverse racial and ethnic groups of Indians and South Asians have immigrated to the United States.[18]
Initial perceptions
Among one of the first recorded Indian in America was a mixed race girl born to an Indian father and an Irish-American mother in 1680 in Maryland. Due to her Indian-American father being classified as "Negro", she was classified as a mulatto and later sold into slavery.[20]
The earliest Indian immigrants into the United States were called "Hindoos" even though the majority of them were Sikhs. Court clerks classified these early immigrants from the Punjab region as being "white", "brown" or "black" based on their skin color for the purpose of marriage licenses. In addition to being racialized by their color, they were also racialized as being "foreigners".[12] The perception of Indian Americans as foreigners, on the other hand, often helped provide for better treatment, especially in states where de jure segregation was in place. As opposed to being seen as "negro," or "brown," they were seen as outside of the traditional American racial spectrum, and consequently freed from some of the encumbrances that system entailed.[21][22][23]
U.S. courts
Throughout much of the 20th century, U.S. courts classified Indians as both "White" and "non-White". Each ruling was for individuals from different ethnic and racial groups of the subcontinent, reflecting the variability in the resulting decisions. In 1909, Bhicaji Balsara became the first Indian to gain U.S. citizenship, as a Parsi he was ruled to be "the purest of Aryan type" and "as distinct from Hindus as are the English who dwell in India”. Almost thirty years later, the same Circuit Court to accept Balsara ruled that Rustom Dadabhoy Wadia, another Parsi also from Bombay was not white and thefore not eligible to receive U.S. citizenship.[24] In 1923, the Supreme Court decided in United States v. Bhagat Singh Thind that while Indians were Caucasians and that anthropologists considered them to be of the same race as "White" Americans, people of Indian descent were not "White" men, and thus not eligible to citizenship.[25] The court conceded that, while Thind was a high caste Hindu born in the northern Punjab region and classified by certain scientific authorities as of the Aryan race, he was not "White" since the word Aryan "has to do with linguistic and not necessarily with physical characteristics" and since "the average man knows perfectly well that there are unmistakable and profound differences" between Indians and white Americans. The court also clarified that the decision did not reflect or imply anything related to racial superiority or inferiority, but merely an observable difference.[26] At the time, this decision retroactively stripped Indians of citizenship and land rights. The ruling also placated the Asiatic Exclusion League demands, spurned by growing outrage at the Turban Tide / Hindoo Invasion (sic) alongside the pre-existing outrage at the Yellow Peril. As they became classified as colored, Indian Americans were banned by anti-miscegenation laws from marrying white Americans in the states of Arizona, Virginia, South Carolina and Georgia.[27]
In 1935, Thind relied on his status as a veteran of the United States military during World War I to petition for naturalization through the State of New York under the Nye-Lea Act, which made World War I veterans eligible for naturalization regardless of race. The government objected his latest petition, but Thind was finally granted American citizenship; yet the Government attempted to revoke it after nearly two decades from his first petition for naturalization.[28]
In 1946, Congress, beginning to recognize that India would soon be independent, passed a new law that allowed Indians to become citizens and also established an immigration quota for the same.[26]
U.S. Census
The U.S. Census Bureau has changed over the years its own classification of Indians. In the 1930 and 1940 censuses, "Hindu" was listed as a racial category.[29] During the 1970s, Indian Americans debated if they should give up trying to be "considered 'Caucasian'" to try to "seek or accept minority status".[3] Indian American groups, through their own petitioning, successfully changed their racial classification to Asian in the 1970s to have themselves included in state and federal Asian racial categories to benefit from affirmative action.[13] Specifically, Indian Americans had their official race changed to Asian in 1977 "through Statistical Directive 15 of the Office of Management and Budget", causing Indian Americans to be listed as Asian in the 1980 US Census.[12] Since 1980, owing to the diverse nature of South Asians, Indians and other South Asians have been classified according to self-reporting, and have the liberty to identify with the racial and ethnic group that they belong to.[16]
National Origin and Race[13] Race Selected on 1990 US Census (%) South Asian Nationality N White Black 'Asian Indian' box Nationality
write-in Other Indian 2,090 4.3% 2.2% 88.8% 1.2% 3.5% Pakistani 299 6.7% 0.3% 25.8% 65.9% 1.3% Bangladeshi 53 1.9% 0.0% 43.4% 50.9% 3.8% Sri Lankan 38 7.9% 0.0% 26.3% 65.8% 0.0% Total 2,480 4.6% 1.9% 79.3% 11.1% 3.2% Source: IPUMS 1990 1% unweighted sample
Self-identification
Since 1980, owing to the diverse nature of South Asians, Indians and other South Asians have been classified according to self-reporting.[16] Indians display the highest likelihood of selecting the 'Black' category, while Sri Lankans followed by Pakistanis are most likely to describe themselves as white.[13]
Indian independence movement fighter Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay wrote of the Indian racial identity in America as being Black.[30] After spending years studying and living with African-American families, Chattopadhyay wrote Indians in America should form ties with African-Americans as they shared a common ancestry and a common struggle for independence.[31]
However, South Asians often attempt to be identified as white in order to try to distance themselves from African-Americans and Hispanics.[32] Even though South Asians "insist on being called 'brown', the plea of Indian immigrants not to be called black is what is most audible".[33] This is due to considerable anti-blackness and anti-Hispanic prejudice in some segments of the South Asian population. This prejudice is often accompanied by a fear of being mistaken for Black or Hispanic, described as "an almost paranoid response to even being thought of as black".[34]
The official classification of South Asians as part of the Asian racial category represents an agreement of convenience for South Asians on where they fit on the racially divided black-white spectrum in America.[13] South Asian Americans and other types of Asian Americans mutually feel that there exists "profound racial difference" between themselves and the other Asian ethnic group. Furthermore, "Working-class or state school-educated second generation Indian Americans do not see a natural alliance or unity with other Asian American groups."[13]
In the 1990 US Census, 65% of second generation South Asian Americans identified themselves using a South Asian term, 25% identified themselves as White and 5% identified themselves as Black.[13] Nikki Haley, the Indian American governor of South Carolina, whose parents are from Punjab in Northwest India, identified as 'white' on her voter registration card in 2001.[35] Haley's behavior reflects a historically common trend among lighter skinned people of color in America, called white passing. Dick Harpootlian, chairman of the South Carolina Democrats, stated “Haley has been appearing on television interviews where she calls herself a minority—when it suits her... When she registers to vote she says she is white. She has developed a pattern of saying whatever is beneficial to her at the moment.”[36]
The 1990 U.S. Census classified write-in responses of "Aryan" as white even though write-in responses of "Indo-Aryan" were counted as Asian, and the 1990 US Census classified write-in responses of "Parsi" under Iranian American, who are classified as White along with Arab Americans and other Middle Eastern Americans.[37] The Asian American Institute proposed that the 2000 US Census make a new Middle Easterner racial category and the Punjabi from Pakistan wanted Pakistani Americans to be included in it.[38]
Some Indian Americans who were unfamiliar with the ethnonymic conventions used in the United States, mistakenly indicated that they were "American Indian" as their race in the 1990 US Census, because they were unaware that this term is used in the United States to refer to Native Americans.[13]
See also
President Barack Obama, seen here visiting Nelson Mandela's prison cell on Robben Island in South Africa in 2013, quoted the late South African leader in a tweet Saturday night. Obama, Clinton call for introspection in wake of Charlottesville clashes
Democratic leaders responded to reports of violence and racial clashes at a white nationalist rally in Virginia on Saturday with calls for introspection on matters of racial hatred.
Former President Barack Obama sent a rare tweet Saturday night quoting civil rights icon and anti-apartheid revolutionary Nelson Mandela in an apparent response to the violence in Charlottesville, stressing that "love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite."
Story Continued Below
Obama, who has largely strayed from making public comments since exiting the White House in January, took to Twitter on a day mired by racial violence and tension in the state of Virginia, including the mayhem caused by a car barreling into a crowd of protesters.
"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite," the former president wrote in a series of tweets, quoting from Mandela's autobiography, "Long Walk to Freedom."
Hillary Clinton, Obama's former secretary of state and the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee, chimed in on Twitter by calling on political leaders to "to be strong in their words & deliberate in their actions" in the face of Saturday's upheaval.
"The incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets.," Clinton tweeted. "Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace, & corrosive to our values."
Former Vice President Al Gore took a more blunt approach, directly criticizing President Donald Trump's response to the violent clashes,
“Mr. President, for the sake of your country, I would urge you to try again,” Gore said in response to Trump's address on the matter. “Mr. President, I would urge you to give more thought to what it means to have a resurgence of the Ku Klux Klan and Nazi movement marching and creating this kind of hatefulness.”
He added: “The country would be better served if the President would come back before the people and think of a more thoughtful and appropriate statement about how we can understand what's going on in American and how we go forward.”
Hundreds of protesters clashed with white supremacists during a rally in Virginia, resulting in the death of a woman and injuries to dozens more. Two state police troopers were killed when their helicopter crashed on the outskirts of town. The rally, held to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, is believed to be the largest gathering of white nationalists in over a decade, according to The Associated Press.
The driver of the vehicle that plowed into the crowd was identified as James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio. He was charged with second-degree murder and other charges, according to the AP.
Trump addressed the violence from his golf resort in New Jersey on Saturday, saying he condemned in "the strongest possible terms this degree of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides" in display in Virginia, adding that he found the situation "very, very sad."
An Alberta man has been slapped with a $543 fine after placing a bold political message targetting Tory Leader Stephen Harper in the back window of his car.
Rob Wells placed a hot pink sign reading "F*CK HARPER" in his hatchback recently, and was pulled over by RCMP Sunday, while driving near the city of Leduc.
Wells said he refused the officer's request to remove the sign.
"When I refused to let him trample on my Charter rights, he gave me a ticket," Wells wrote in a Facebook post. "I'll be pleading NOT GUILTY and raising a Charter right defense. I'll also be filing a complaint against the officer for political harassment."
Wells claims he vetted the sign with lawyers, who told him displaying the message is not illegal.
Harper's Brown Shirted RCMP are at it again. Last time, they threatened me with criminal prosecution for having an... Posted by Rob Wells on Monday, August 17, 2015
“I put a lot of thought in before I put a sign like that on my car," Wells told CTV News, adding that he has driven to B.C. and back with the sign in place.
“Harper supporters are very offensive to me, so being offensive is not illegal in this country."
Wells, who lives in Edmonton, said he plans to fight the ticket, which was issued for distraction. It's the same charge used against a man who screamed vulgarities at a CBC Calgary reporter in May, reports VICE Canada.
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Also on HuffPost:
Nine ducklings were rescued Tuesday from a Huntington Beach storm drain after they tried to follow their mother up a curb.
Orange County Animal Care and Huntington Beach Public Works responded at about 11 a.m. to Gothard Street near Huntington Central Park after some concerned motorists stopped and reported the endangered ducklings.
OCAC Director Ryan Drabek said the family of ducks was on its way to the park. The mother duck jumped up on the curb but the babies weren't quite big enough to land safely and instead fell into the storm drain.
“We do find this happens once in a while,” Drabek said. “Mom ducks are usually good about sticking around so they can reunite with those ducklings.”
Reader Kimberly Norris Wallace took some photos of the rescue and said the mama duck stood on the storm drain quacking until help arrived.
“It's a good day,” Wallace wrote in her post to the Huntington Beach Wave Facebook page after the babies were safe.
Here's Norris Wallace's blog on her experiences with the ducks Tuesday
None of the ducklings was injured and they were safely reunited with their mother, Drabek said.
He added that mallard ducks are protected and that animal control officials can step in to help only if they are hurt, sick, trapped or obstructing traffic.
“We do encourage people to contact us in situations like this,” he said.
If you see an animal in need of rescuing, call 714-935-6848.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7953 or jfletcher@ocregister.com
“Like” Huntington Beach Wave on Facebook to see more news, photos and conversation.
A floating luxury hotel mirrors the shape of vertebrae
A new avant-garde design for a luxury hotel has been revealed with the floating 'MORPHotel'.
Part-hotel, part-cruise ship, the Morphotels have been built around their linear curvature, much like a vertebral spine. This structure permits them to adapt their form to the weather conditions and the site morphology.
Architect and engineer Gianluca Santosuosso designed the Morphotel, with the idea of creating a independent, self-sufficient aquatic organism.
The half-mile long spine curves with the water currents and in doing so eliminates damaging fuel expenditure from traditional cruise ships, which would normally travel at an average speed of 20 nodes using 470litres/km.
With its unique shape, the Morphotel is not only able to take advantage of its surroundings - adapting to each territory at harbour points and cutting-back on energy use - but is capable of spiralling into itself to create a giant floating harbour for other boats and ships seeking shelter out in the open ocean. These actions allow it to become an independent aquatic organism.
The structure is derived from a traditional naval construction. Multiple pods will make up a module framework in orthogonal and diagonal sectors. The modules would then be reinforced and waterproofed with metals (also conventionally used in naval architecture), while glass and open surfaces will interchange on the upper levels.
A complex circuit of mechanical joints, much like railway carriage connectors, will hold the structure together and with the help of electronic controls be capable of expanding and contracting the vertebrae, thus altering its form.
Morphotels would constantly be moving at a slow speed around the world, however would allow users to see and experience the places in between points A and B that would normally be left out.
Through docking at various harbours across the globe, Morphotels aim to bring value to each city through opening its doors to the inhabitants; ideally they will return the favour. Santosuosso even went as far to create a new form of traveller: the 'tourizen', where the boundaries of citizens and tourists fall away.
The Morphotel will offer a linear garden, restaurants, fitness centre, theatre and commercial area to the city.
Morphotels are functionally self-sufficient in a variety of ways.
Energy is channelled to the entire complex through two different eco-friendly technologies. Firstly, solar panels travel along the upper areas of the hull and glass panels, and secondly the two ends of the spine will be able to produce energy via the movement of waves.
According to the designer, other structures have effectively used this method to produce justifiable quantities of energy.
Furthermore, half the self-produced energy will be used to filter and store collected rainwater, the other to desalinate seawater.
All images courtesy Gianluca Santosuosso
A team of University of Washington engineering students is competing in an international challenge to design a hyperloop pod — part of an effort to develop the dream of a ground-based transportation system that would go more than 700 miles an hour.
Imagine a transportation system that could move you from place to place faster than a jet plane, without ever leaving the ground — a system that could take you from Seattle to Portland in just 15 minutes.
In a chilly warehouse near Lake Union, a group of University of Washington students is trying to solve some of the engineering puzzles tied to inventor Elon Musk's dream of a hyperloop, a theoretical new form of travel.
They're among the 30 finalists in a collegiate competition to build a hyperloop pod — a capsule for carrying passengers in the tubes envisioned by Musk, of SpaceX and Tesla.
The students have built a long, skinny metal undercarriage that levitates with the help of powerful magnets. Early next month, they'll cover the structure with a bullet-shaped carbon composite shell designed to slip aerodynamically through a low-vacuum tube — like those pneumatic tubes used in drive-through banking.
The low-vacuum tube decreases air resistance, which is one of the biggest drags on cars and trains, said Malachi Williams, a civil and aeronautical engineering major. “By reducing the amount of air, you decrease the amount of friction, and that allows you to travel at faster speeds,” he said.
In late January, members of the 35-member team will drive the pod to Hawthorne, Calif., joining teams from across the world to find out which pod design has the right stuff to compete on a mile-long test track, pushed by a stripped-down Tesla Model S. The team's pod is designed to withstand an acceleration from 0 to 55 mph in one second.
“It's a competition, but everyone's enjoying the engineering challenge; there's no real rivalry,” said C.J. Grijalva, a systems engineering major.
The UW Hyperloop team is the only Northwest team to make the cut, after SpaceX — the competition's sponsor — took proposals from 1,200 teams in the initial round. The finalists were winnowed to 120, then 30. Other teams hail from U.S. engineering powerhouses such as MIT, Carnegie Mellon and University of California, Berkeley, as well as universities in Canada, Spain, Germany, Australia, India, Japan and the Netherlands. The competitors also include a high school in Texas and a non-student team organized on Reddit.
“Everyone's trying a bunch of different ideas,” Grijalva said. “The one that makes the most sense, in terms of cost and safety, will most likely end up being used on the real thing.”
The competition has been all consuming, with students working into the night, and chipping in their money for supplies and equipment, as well as trying to drum up contributions from local businesses. They won't receive class credit either — this is an extracurricular effort.
“Even before we started building, we reached out to companies, and the hardest part is that they ask, ‘What is hyperloop, even? How is SpaceX involved?' ” said Luke Marcoe, who's majoring in psychology. (He's in charge of publicity, and the team also includes designers and other non-engineers.)
There's no way to know if any of their ideas will make it into a final design, but that's not the only point of the competition. Working on the project could help these students snare jobs in the engineering industry, and gives them real-world experience in design and manufacturing.
In effect, their pod is a great way to show what they can do.
Musk, the entrepreneur behind Tesla and SpaceX, outlined the idea for the hyperloop in a white paper in 2013, but said at the time he had no plans to build it. Describing it as a fifth mode of transportation (after planes, trains, cars and boats), he embraced an open-source ethos by sharing his ideas, and said he believed it could be cheaper and faster than the bullet train proposed for California.
He proposed a hyperloop that would run from Los Angeles to San Francisco, take about 35 minutes to cover the distance, and cost billions less than a high-speed train.
It's likely, though, that the United Arab Emirates will be the first country to build a hyperloop, and it could be up and running as early as 2020.
The UW students say that in order to work, the system's pods must be safe, aerodynamic and frictionless. One of the most difficult engineering problems is designing a braking system that would bring the pod to a rapid stop.
The pod has wheels, for guidance, that are in use when the pod is going too slowly to levitate.
Much of their work is done using computer simulations, but the team also built a device they call the “meat slicer” — a disk that spins at speeds of up to 50 mph, allowing them to measure the effectiveness of various brake designs without needing a long track for testing.
“We want to make sure everything works, and it's safe,” Williams said.
Williams has interned with SpaceX, and the students say one of the best things about the contest is their frequent conversations with SpaceX engineers to make sure their designs are on the right track.
Last January, all the competitors met for the design phase of the competition, and the number of finalists was winnowed to 30. Musk made an appearance, and the UW's pod won an award for the safest design. The team has a trophy signed by Musk.
The average age of a SpaceX engineer is 26, Marcoe said, which was also the average age of NASA's mission-control workers at the time of the first lunar landing.
“The unique thing about our club is we're very self-driven and self-motivated,” he said. Only a little engineering faculty members have gotten involved; the engineering work is student-driven.
And that's allowed the students to learn skills they wouldn't ordinarily learn in a classroom — including project management, team-building and keeping everyone motivated, Marcoe said.
The UW pod, one-quarter the size of a full-scale pod, is designed to go about 100 mph; the goal is to design, test, tweak, and design some more until the pod can travel more than 700 mph. That's faster than a commercial airplane — but the pod won't need to take off, ascend, descend and land. That would make the land-based system faster than flying, especially over distances of a few hundred miles.
Musk also thinks a hyperloop system can generate its own energy through solar panels, making it the world's most efficient form of high-speed transportation.
In the beginning, the students planned to design the pod around a compressor fan, like the ones used in jet engines, and which Musk mentioned in his white paper. But it turns out they're a bit pricey — about $1 million.
Instead, the SpaceX engineers encouraged students to focus on making the pod as simple as possible, without worrying about the motor. A modified Tesla S will provide the power for the first round of trials.
That led the UW team to the use of magnets, which create an eddy current on the surface of the aluminum track that lifts the pod off the ground when it reaches a certain speed, causing it to levitate.
This isn't the only collegiate team from Washington participating in engineering competitions designed to help them explore unconventional ideas and learn real-world skills.
The UW and a Western Washington University team have been competing in the Formula SAE racing car competition for dozens of years, and the UW also has a team participating in EcoCAR3, a multiyear competition to build an advanced hybrid-electric car.
Earlier this year, engineering students at Washington State University's Everett campus came in second in an international robotics challenge to build a Mars rover. And in 2010, WWU students reached the finals of the X Prize competition to build a car that got the equivalent of 100 miles per gallon.
After the college hyperloop test next month, a second competition for existing teams and new ones will encourage the students to design for maximum speed in summer of 2017. Marcoe says the competition will be biannual, and could go on for years, as the EcoCar challenge has done.
The students say the hyperloop is a vision of the future that could change the very way we live and work.
“Oh, I would love it,” Williams said. “Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes, and no traffic?”
Who wouldn't like that?
Ottawa citizens understand that the job of governing is hard. Getting agreement, growing an economy, serving citizens' needs, and dealing with the inevitable crises that arise, require an endless well of dedication to the common good.
It's a hard job when you have power, institutions and resources. Imagine trying to govern when these are absent, and worse, when your society's values, capability and access to resources have been systematically stripped away for generations. No matter how hard you try, someone else decides what you can do and how you will do it.
This is the brutal legacy and current reality of the Indian Act. It is one of Canada's oldest operating laws. It is supported by a massive bureaucracy designed to perpetuate its underlying tenet that Indian peoples are wards of the state – incapable of making their own decisions and doing what's right for themselves. No other population in Canada is subject to such an oppressive legal and structural regime except, perhaps, people in prison.
So why not get rid of it? Because the inmates and their keepers have each been deeply institutionalized over many generations. It has produced a lack of trust and confidence within First Nations towards their own officials and other governments.
Self-governance must start one community at a time, engaging First Nations citizens and creating a dialogue about the Indian Act and their inherent right to govern themselves. First Nations people must develop a vision for change from their collective memory. This will give them hope, and hope is powerful medicine.
Across Canada, First Nations leaders are doing what they can to make a good life for their people within the straight-jacket of the Indian Act. They are striving to put the “beast” of the Indian Act in its place, to carve out enough time and energy to work on restoring trust, language and culture in their communities, building economies, designing new structures of government and creating capacity for the next challenge. Their aim is to step out from under the Indian Act and into the realm of their inherent right to self-government. They are restoring their nations on the trust, hope and vision of their people.
We call this transitional governance. It is not the only path to self-government, but it is a practical and necessary one for many communities determined to exercise their rights. The challenge of governing is at least as challenging as securing the right and they need the support of other governments and the people of Canada to keep moving forward.
The Assembly of First Nations, royal commissions and the United Nations have provided declarations and guidance, but this will not work unless the people who hold the rights understand what to do with these grand statements.
That is why we launched the Transitional Governance Project. Our task is to work in several First Nations communities with the people who hold the inherent right. Our goal is to create a consensus for change and after people decide to change, let them decide what they need for their government. We will create models for other First Nations to follow and advice on how Canada can support self-determination.
This country is in a time of opportunity, when the political and bureaucratic machine that perpetuates Indian Act thinking has begun to recognize that it has failed. But recognition – legal or otherwise – is not enough. We urge politicians and bureaucrats to support the hard work of transitional governance. They can start with a critical self-examination of where policies and actions hinder progress for Indigenous peoples, and make the necessary changes to be supportive or get out of the way.
One of our project's advisers told us, “Government is not just about administering programs. It's the tool that a nation uses to build a future that the people want.” Let's pick up that heavy tool together and get to work.
Frances Abele is a Carleton University professor in the School of Public Policy and Administration and Satsan (Herb George), is Senior Associate, Centre for First Nations Governance.
From 9to5Toys:
To help celebrate some of the great games that were honoured at yesterday's BAFTA Game awards, we've teamed up with GameAgent again to offer a few great deals on some of the notable Mac games that were nominated.
First up we have BioShock Infinite, one of the most popular games of last year that was nominated in a few categories yesterday including Artistic Achievement, Audio Achievement, and Performer. It also won for best Original Music. For 24 hours only, you can pick up BioShock Infinite for Mac from GameAgent for 75% off. That brings the price down from $30 to just $7.50.
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
Next we have Civilization V: Brave New World, an expansion to Civilization V, which was nominated in the Best Strategy And Simulation category yesterday. If you haven't bought the full Civ V base game yet, those with a GameAgent account [sign-up here] can get Civilization V for 75% off today only. That brings the cost of both titles down from $30 each to $7.50 each.
The deals will last 24 hours, but there is limited availability. Click the links below to add the games to your cart and grab your copy before they run out:
BioShock Infinite 75% off – $7.50 (Reg. $30)
Sid Meier's Civilization V 75% off – $7.50 (Reg. $30) ***requires GameAgent account
Sid Meier's Civilization V: Brave New World 75% off – $7.50 (Reg. $30)
All of the Mac game deals above are available through GameAgent and authenticate on Steam.
A lost pup rescued from a Bronx subway tunnel has a new home with an MTA worker who found her shivering and covered in soot last week.
Delta, an adorable Shih Tzu-poodle mix, startled a group of track workers who found her tucked into a dark corner of an emergency exit near Fordham Road station last Wednesday, but melted the heart of Charles Gaston, who adopted her on the spot.
“She was completely black and all you could see was a little white spot on her head,” Gaston said, adding that he named her Delta after the D line where she was discovered. “She was just covered in track dust and grease, but wasn't timid or afraid.”
The MTA worker said he and his co-workers took the filthy, matted animal back to their quarters and had to bathe her two or three times before she even started to resemble a dog.
“The second you put her in the water, it would all just turn black,” he said. “She was very matted and knotted up. It looked like she was down there for months.”
“Other than that, she's a great dog and gets along with everyone,” Gaston added. “Once she was all cleaned up, she looked like a whole new dog.”
With none of the other workers willing to so much as touch her, Gaston said, he decided to take the dog to his Bronx home before having her groomed and vaccinated the next day.
“Nobody else wanted to take her,” he added. “My roommate already has another rescue dog, so I said maybe I'll do the same thing.”
Gaston said he plans to keep little Delta but said he has been contacted by several people claiming she is their dog, and may give her up if he does find the rightful owner.
“I would hate to take her away from a child, but it would be difficult to give her up,” he said. “I'm already so attached to her.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
I'm used to politicians fudging and tap dancing during debates. All part of the game. But the number of flat-out lies in tonight's debate was pretty stunning. Here are the four that stood out.
First up is Donald Trump:
QUICK: I think you called him [Marco Rubio] Mark Zuckerberg's personal senator because he was in favor of the H1B. TRUMP: I never said that. I never said that.
Trump said exactly that in his own immigration plan. Maybe he never read it. It's right here.
Next we have Carly Fiorina:
FIORINA: We have 400,000 small businesses forming every year in this country. How great is that? They are employing themselves, they are potentially employing others. The bad news is, we have 470,000 going out of business every year. And why? They cite Obamacare.
No, we don't have 470,000 businesses going under and claiming it's because of Obamacare. Crikey. By the way, she didn't save 80,000 jobs at HP either. And the tax code isn't 73,000 pages long no matter how often she says it. Nor have 307,000 veterans died because the VA couldn't see them. Etc.
And Ben Carson:
QUINTANILLA: This is a company called Mannatech, a maker of nutritional supplements, with which you had a 10-year relationship. They offered claims that they could cure autism, cancer, they paid $7 million to settle a deceptive marketing lawsuit in Texas, and yet your involvement continued. Why? CARSON: Well, that's easy to answer. I didn't have an involvement with them. That is total propaganda, and this is what happens in our society. Total propaganda.
Carson wasn't on Mannatech's board or anything, but he sure seems to have done a bit more for them than just a paid speech or two.
And finally Marco Rubio:
HARWOOD: The Tax Foundation, which was alluded to earlier, scored your tax plan and concluded that you give nearly twice as much of a gain in after-tax income to the top 1 percent as to people in the middle of the income scale. ….RUBIO: No, that's—you're wrong. HARWOOD: Senator, the Tax Foundation said after-tax income for the top 1 percent under your plan would go up 27.9 percent…And people in the middle of the income spectrum, about 15 percent. RUBIO: Yeah, but that—because the math is, if you—5 percent of a million is a lot more than 5 percent of a thousand. So yeah, someone who makes more money, numerically, it's gonna be higher. But the greatest gains, percentage-wise, for people, are gonna be at the lower end of our plan.
That's completely wrong. Rubio's plan gives the rich more percentage-wise than the middle class. The Tax Foundation did indeed say this, right here. The median taxpayer gets 15 percent more. Rich taxpayers get 28 percent more. Hell, Harwood even gave Rubio a break by quoting the extremely dubious dynamic estimates instead of the more conventional static estimates.
I dunno. Everyone seems to have internalized the fact that you can say anything you want at a televised debate, and only a tiny fraction of the audience will ever see a fact-check. So why not claim the moon is square?
Right-wing media figures of all stripes are outraged that New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) said that New York state is no place for “extreme conservatives who are right-to-life, pro-assault-weapon, anti-gay” Republicans.
“(T)hey have no place in the state of New York,” the governor said, “because that's not who New Yorkers are.”
The Albany Times-Union reported that Cuomo was speaking to Susan Arbetter on the New York Public Broadcasting radio show “The Capitol Pressroom.”
The National Review's Kathryn Jean Lopez interpreted Cuomo's statements to mean anyone who opposes abortion. In a column titled “Pro-Life? Not Welcome in Andrew Cuomo's New York,” she lamented that people who want do deny a woman's right to choose are, as ever, being unfairly persecuted.
She called Cuomo an agent of “the culture of death” and bemoaned New York's “miserable [sic] high occurrences of the grave, irreversible misery” of abortion.
CNN conservative commentator S. E. Cupp took to Twitter to denounce the governor:
If you want to live in NY, you have to agree w/ Gov Cuomo? What an arrogant, undemocratic mindset. //t.co/uzYZDjKNgv — S.E. Cupp (@secupp) January 18, 2014
The conversation with Arbetter was about the current schism in the GOP between moderate Republicans and Tea Party extremists.
“Is the Republican party in this state a moderate party or is it an extreme conservative party?” he asked. “That's what they're trying to figure out. It's a mirror of what's going on in Washington. The gridlock in Washington is less about Democrats and Republicans. It's more about extreme Republicans versus moderate Republicans.”
Townhall.com called the governor's remarks “condescending” and demanded to know how liberals would feel if conservative governors made similar remarks about liberals.
The website's Cortney O'Brien urged readers not to be “soft on Cuomo.”
“We should be attacking his comments,” she said, “which alienated a large bloc of voters, just as much as the left jumped all over Romney's ‘47 percent' gaffe.”
Audio of Cuomo's remarks is embedded below:
Update: Here's video of Calipari's post-game speech, which has now gone viral. It's important to note that Calipari later praised Notre Dame during his trophy acceptance speech.
Earlier: Anyone who has watched Kentucky's men's basketball team play this season would likely say the Wildcats faced their toughest test of the season tonight.
Notre Dame played ridiculously well. The atmosphere inside Cleveland's Quicken Loans Arena was incredible. There were 20 lead changes. And, in the end, it took two free throws by Andrew Harrison and a closely-missed shot by Jerian Grant to give UK a 68-66 victory and a berth into the Final Four.
John Calipari disagrees, though. During a post-game interview with TBS, it was stated by the reporter, Lewis Johnson, that his team had just faced its most arduous obstacle. “No,” Calipari replied. “We have had other tests, but this (was) another test, but we have a will to win.”
This did not go over well with Notre Dame fans and, really, a lot of others not rooting for Kentucky.
Calipari says on post game TV sideline interview that “No,” that wasn't the toughest test they've had all season. Seriously? — Reggie Hayes (@reggiehayes1) March 29, 2015
#Calipari is a classless clown for saying they played bad and ND played great after he beats them. Guy cheats and has no class! #Kentucky — John Deery (@JohnDeery10) March 29, 2015
Btw…classless, yet typical, post game interview by Calipari. Why take away the ND effort by saying your team played poorly? — Denny Thompson (@denny_thompson) March 29, 2015
Calipari's post game interview is how not to do it! Give credit to your opponent when it is deserved. #Classless — Melissa Kuhar (@MKuhar01) March 29, 2015
Calipari is so classless. Notre Dame just gave you all you could handle and when they ask about their performance you say “we played poorly” — Kyle Phernetton (@Ochocuatro) March 29, 2015
Really Calipari? “We had a bad game, they played great” give ND the credit they deserve. #Classless — Cory Briggs (@BriggySmallz12) March 29, 2015
Why can't John Calipari be classy? He just can't give the other team any credit. Classless!! — Tony Segreto (@tonysegreto) March 29, 2015
John Calipari is a classless act. Post game comments were as disrespectful as any I've ever heard. — Terry Corley (@TBCfromIND) March 29, 2015
This is why I hate Calipari. He says they didn't play good and doesn't give credit to ND. Get outta here with that. #Classless — Kody Howard (@KodyHoward) March 29, 2015
Usually I'm not down on coach Cal. But he sounded very hate-able in that interview. — Mike Golic Jr (@MGolicJR57) March 29, 2015
Calipari with the ultimate arrogant post-game interview…it's way too easy to hate him. No wonder he isn't respected. — Blake Courtney (@BlakeACourtney) March 29, 2015
Did anyone else find Calipari's post win interview really obnoxious? You barely win & you can't 1st give credit to opponents great play! — Pam Shriver (@PHShriver) March 29, 2015
Should Calipari have been more praising of Notre Dame in his post-game interview?
Kentucky is set to face Wisconsin in the Final Four next Saturday in Indianapolis.
ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI) – The Gateway to the West tops the list of the most dangerous cities in America. “24/7 Wall St.” released a ranking of 25 cities based on the FBI's 2015 Uniform Crime Report.
Information from the FBI study analyzed by 24/7 Wall St. says that:
Including 188 homicides, there were 5,762 violent crimes in St. Louis in 2015. Adjusting for population, the city's murder and violent crime rates, at 59 murders and 1,817 per 100,000 city residents, are each the highest in the country. The number of violent crimes reported in St. Louis increased by 7.7% last year, faster than the national uptick of 3.9%. Over the last five years, however, the incidence of violent crime is down by 3.2%.
America's 25 most dangerous cities:
St. Louis, MO Detroit, MI Birmingham, AL Memphis, TN Milwaukee, WI Rockford, IL Baltimore, MD Little Rock, AR Oakland, CA Kansas City, MO Springfield, MO Stockton, CA Indianapolis, IN San Bernardino, CA Washington, DC Lansing, MI Hartford, CT Toledo, OH Atlanta, GA Buffalo, NY Springfield, MA Anchorage, AL Springfield, IL Tallahassee, FL Minneapolis, MN
The 25 most dangerous cities were identified by looking at violent crime rates of US cities with at least 100,000 people.
Last year saw an increase in violent crime — including murder — compared to 2014, according to new data released by the Federal Bureau of Investigation on Monday.
The annual findings showed an estimated 1,197,704 violent crimes, up 3.9% from 2014, while the murder rate spiked by 10.8% over the same span. Those crimes include “murder and nonnegligent manslaughter, rape, robbery, and aggravated assault,” the FBI's website said.
But the report indicated that violent crime is still below 2006 and 2011 levels for 10-year and five-year comparisons.
The numbers are somewhat expected, reflecting both anecdotal and statistical evidence of an increase in violence since last October. That trend has been visible in several large cities, including Chicago, Baltimore and Washington. Other major cities such as New York and Los Angeles have not experienced the same.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the data show “we still have so much work to do,” but stressed the overall numbers are down compared to several years ago.
“Violent crime tears at the fabric of our common life — and so any increase in violent crime is of the deepest concern to me as Attorney General and to the entire Department of Justice,” Lynch said.
The findings are part of the FBI's annual crime data report, which is released around the same time every year. They are certain to figure prominently in this year's presidential race, perhaps as early as Monday evening, when Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump square off in the first general election debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York.
A similar trend of increasing violent, concentrated in some cities, appears to have continued into 2016. Data from the largest US cities for the first half of the year shows continued increase in violence in some big cities.
Great for the Banks
Understanding why banks are embracing this approach is easy. They already know that they're going to have to concede more here, so they might as well try to limit their losses. The might like the agreement above for a couple of reasons.
First, if their additional settlement cash provided more aggressive mortgage modifications for delinquent borrowers, then their subsequent losses would continue to pile up in later years. Mortgage modifications have a very high rate of re-default. Banks want to foreclose on as many borrowers as possible whose default they see as inevitable.
Second, this move will actually make the borrowers who can pay much less likely to strategically default. Imagine you've got a 6% interest rate on a $250,000 mortgage on a home that is now only worth $200,000. If the bank forgave that $50,000 in excess principal, your mortgage payment would be reduced from about $1,500 per month to about $1,200 per month. If it refinances your $250,000 loan at 4%, however, then your payment still becomes around $1,200 per month. Psychologically, underwater borrowers won't feel so bad about their mortgages once they're able to take advantage of refinancing at the prevailing, very low interest rates.
Then, there's the really huge potential advantage for banks. For any of these refinanced mortgages that they're holding on their balance sheets, they won't face a loss. Because the principal for these loans would remain intact, they would book the new loan for the same amount. So it would create no capital hole like mortgage principle write downs would. Loans they hold as securities, however, would decline in value, since their prepayments would rise due to the refinancing boom. This means the big losers under the plan would be investors, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac.
Great for the Economy
While there are certainly those who would like to see the banks suffer as much as possible for their misdeeds surrounding foreclosure, the U.S. economy is much better off if its banking system is healthy. By providing banks with broad legal immunity, a huge portion of their mortgage litigation risk suddenly disappears. Investors will see this as a significant step forward in ensuring the financial system's stability. As bank stock prices begin to recover and certainty on potential litigation related losses improves, banks will also be more willing to lend to businesses that want to create jobs.
Those homeowners who obtain refinancing will also clearly benefit. As mentioned, many will see their mortgage payments decline by a few hundred dollars or more per month. That's real money -- money that can now be spent to stimulate the economy or pay down their debt. That spending should help to create jobs, as firms that sense more demand will ramp up hiring. But Americans' debt deleveraging will also help: the sooner Americans feel comfortable with their finances, the sooner they'll feel they can spend more freely.
Let's Get Something Straight: Not Having Kids Is Not Selfish
By: Jennifer Weeks and Lucia Rossi
When it comes to embarking on the journey to parenthood, fewer women are choosing not to take on that chapter of their lives.
This has been an ongoing trend; but when women say they don't want to have children, we are immediately judged for our decision of not procreating.
A woman who decides she doesn't want to procreate should not be judged, nor should she feel ashamed of their decision because it's their life.
Each woman has their own reasons for not wanting to bear children; here are some of the most common ones.
It's not surprising that children aren't always financially feasible. Unfortunately, having children means having the financial stability you need to support them.
Not all women or couples are financially independent or well-prepared.
There are also women who grew up watching their parents struggle and don't want their children to grow up the same way, even if it means not having children at all.
If a woman is very career orientated, it would be difficult to provide children with the necessary motherly-care and attention they deserve.
The ability to have that time to connect with children is important to their development, so if a woman chooses to not have any for their sake, it should be seen as protection for the potential life, not selfishness.
Although women could attain outside help, babysitters, nannies, and daycares can be expensive and sometimes not trustworthy.
Some women today also have fears about passing down mental and physical health issues. It's also very possible that a woman would choose not to have children for the sake of their own health that could be at risk.
Getting assistance with designer genes for having healthy children is also a serious expense.
Some women don't have children merely because of fear. This fear could mean different things to different women.
It could be feared of losing their identity, fear of it helping or hurting their relationships, fear of a change in lifestyle, fear of responsibility, fear of the large influence a parent has over a child, among others.
These are all valid fears that mothers confront everyday, but we shouldn't shame those who don't want to confront it.
When having a child, your life suddenly revolves around them; everything you do involves taking care of them. We, as a society, have to accept and respect that some people aren't prepared for that.
A woman should not be labeled as “self-absorbed” or “selfish” just because they decide to do what's best for themselves and what they believe is best for their nonexistent children by not having them.
America has given all women the right to choose and self-determination, and people have no right to force or pressure their opinions on women just so they can live according to society's norms.
Sorry if you don't agree with our life choices, but it's not your business anyway.
Brazil has the highest incidence of dengue fever in the world.
Last year, cases spiralled to a new high of 1.4 million and the trend shows no signs of abating. São Paulo, host city for the opening ceremony of the FIFA World Cup on June 12, battled a major dengue outbreak this month. "Our campaign has not been effective," laments Guilherme Ribeiro, an epidemiologist who specialises in infectious diseases at the Institute of Collective Health at the Federal University of Bahia. "We spend a lot of money and dengue is a priority for the government but unfortunately 2013 was the worst year on record."
Ribeiro understands the mosquito-borne disease well having suffered the fever twice and studied it up close in his native Salvador. A sprawling metropolis of 2.6 million with high rises towering over a sea of shanty towns, Brazil's third largest city is a prime breeding ground for the Aedes aegypti mosquito which transmits dengue. Salvador is one of the 12 host cities for the World Cup and health officials are paying close attention. In mid-June, the rainy season will start tapering off and dengue will be at its peak in the region.
Unlike malaria and yellow fever which are mainly found in the Amazon states and other thinly populated parts of the country, dengue is rampant in urban areas where 85% of Brazil's population lives. ; Rapidly growing cities and towns have provided an ideal environment for the spread of dengue. A tropical climate combined with poor infrastructure for water and sanitation encourage the proliferation of the Aedes mosquito, which can breed in as little as a teaspoon of water.
But what makes the urban mosquito especially dangerous is the fact that in densely populated neighbourhoods, it does not have to travel far to infect a large number of people. A recent study warned that, "overcrowded cities present highly favourable conditions for increased transmission," and that São Paulo was in danger of becoming a hot spot because all four dengue virus strains were in circulation there during an outbreak in 2013 – a first for a big city in Brazil.
There is no cure for dengue and it can occasionally be fatal. Public health experts are pinning their hopes on a vaccine which they believe will be the most effective way to combat the disease. Several vaccines are in development and Brazilian scientists are working on one version at the Butantan Institute in São Paulo. It was developed in partnership with the US-based National Institutes of Health. Early results are promising and the vaccine will be moving into phase three clinical trials at the end of next year.
In the meantime, the best way to get rid of mosquitoes is to eliminate their breeding areas but Salvador is a perfect example of how chaotic urban sprawl can make the task virtually impossible. "The mosquito is extremely well adapted to our urban environment," says Ribeiro pointing to the blue water tanks which are a common sight on rooftops around the city. They also happen to be an ideal incubator for mosquito larvae which thrive in dark, damp spaces. The tanks are widely used because piped water supply throughout the city is intermittent. There is widespread public awareness about the need to keep tanks and water containers covered and clean but it does not always translate into action. "The campaign only works when the community participates," says Angélica Andrade Santos, a health official in the Pau da Lima area.
One of the favelas (shanty towns) in Pau da Lima is a base for epidemiologists like Ribeiro who go there to conduct field studies on infectious diseases. There are already a few dengue cases in late March, including one 16-year old with hemorrhagic fever, the most virulent kind. According to a yet-to-be published study conducted in 2010 by the Institute of Collective Health and the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation, 95% of the adults in this favela have been exposed to the virus. But dengue is not confined to poor neighbourhoods. Other studies have found that the virus circulated in densely populated neighbourhoods across the city affecting rich and poor alike.
Dengue Mata (Dengue Kills) billboards greet visitors as they drive into the city from the airport. It is a blunt warning from the health department to the many visitors and soccer fans who will soon be arriving in Salvador. Simon Hay, an Oxford-based epidemiologist, urged Brazilian authorities to aggressively eliminate mosquitoes around the northeastern stadiums.
But Ribeiro says it is unlikely that the ultra-modern Arena Fonte Nova poses a dengue risk because it is a well maintained public space with very little standing water. He advises visitors to instead be alert to the threat on the streets saying, "one week in Salvador is more risky than being at the stadium."
Read more stories like this:
• Preparing for a dengue fever vaccine: why Brazil's ahead of the game
• NTDs: disease control is about much more than drugs
• Malaria: where's the evidence of drug resistance?
Join the community of global development professionals and experts. Become a GDPN member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox
Someone in the crowd shot the video: Arms tied behind his back, Mohammed Riyaz sways before Vivek Premi, a muscular bearded young man with a leather belt wrapped around his fist. It is an overcast afternoon in June 2015 in Shamli, a provincial town in western Uttar Pradesh. Down by Shiv Chowk, the white metal grillwork of wrought iron Oms and swastikas around the Shiv-ling on the street corner offers a striking backdrop for the action to follow.
For a moment, Premi appears lost, a hunter confounded by his prey. Then his arm coils, the belt swings through the air and strikes Riyaz across his chest, across his legs, about his head; all that can be heard is the sound of leather hitting flesh and Premi's hoarse shouting, “This is cow slaughter, cow slaughter, cow slaughter, cow slaughter. This is cow slaughter.”
Within hours, the footage was everywhere: local newsrooms put it on their front pages; Gau Raksha (cow-protection) WhatsApp groups across the country circulated it amongst their friends, it racked up hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube.
In the year that followed, the video of a Hindu flogging a Muslim in a town square would imbue Premi's young life with power, diminish Riyaz to helplessness, and put a riot-prone, communally-sensitive region on edge. It would reveal the newest route to Rajneeti or politics – that time honoured destination for the young and ambitious in small-town India.
But at that moment, Premi recalled as we drove through his hometown last week, he was consumed by the desire to make an example of Riyaz.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Jeff Gluck previews the upcoming race.
He'll join his third Sprint Cup team this season after subbing for Kyle Busch at Talladega
David Ragan will drive for a third Sprint Cup team this season starting next weekend at Kansas Speedway. (Photo: Mike Dinovo, USA TODAY Sports)
TALLADEGA, Ala. – David Ragan says he has "unfinished business."
Ragan will move to his third Sprint Cup team this season – Michael Waltrip Racing -- next week for the Kansas Speedway race. He will remain in the No. 55 Toyota for the remainder of the season.
Sunday's GEICO 500 at Talladega Superspeedway will mark his last ride as a substitute driver for injured Kyle Busch.
Ragan started the season with Front Row Motorsports but jumped at the chance to replace Busch in the potent Joe Gibbs Racing Toyotas.
It was clear that the JGR ride was temporary, however, as Busch is expected to return soon from a broken leg and foot suffered in a crash in the Xfinity Series opener at Daytona International Speedway on Feb. 21. Rookie Erik Jones will drive for Busch next week at Kansas. The team has not provided a schedule for the No. 18 beyond that.
Ragan will be in the No. 55 MWR Toyotas vacated by Brian Vickers, who continues to battle health issues related to blood clots.
"It's much more important for me to have an opportunity going forward with a full-time car and a very competitive organization like Michael Waltrip Racing than it would be for me to run a few more races before Kyle's return," Ragan said Friday. "Ultimately, I knew this (the JGR situation) would be just a three-month or so deal. For me, the big picture is the entire season and having a shot to make the Chase."
Although he is winless, Ragan sits 19th in the driver standings. He'll try to improve on that and take a shot at scoring a Chase-qualifying race win as he rides with MWR the rest of the season.
"It's been a little weird, for sure, just trying to understand the systems each of these teams has in place," Ragan said. "We were working so hard to find financial backing and make the 34 (car at Front Row) a full-time car this year. Then the Joe Gibbs thing happened. I had just this weekend finally gotten everyone's name down, and now that process starts all over again."
Follow Hembree on Twitter @mikehembree
PHOTOS: 2015 Sprint Cup race winners
At D23 Expo, Anaheim, CA: Marvel Studios has released the first footage from Captain America: Civil War.
Attendees of the event were able to get their first look at Marvel's highly-anticipated film coming next May. Although Marvel hasn't officially released the footage online, we got some details thanks from Comicbook.com. Here's a description from the site:
* A scene showed Captain and America and The Falcon fighting crossbones, with Black Widow aiding in the background. * Another scene revealed the Falcon's pet falcon, Redwing. * Another shot revealed Black Widow and Hawkeye fighting. Black Widow asks, "Are we still friends?" To which Hawkeye responds, "Depends on how hard you hit me." This confirms that Black Widow and Hawkeye will be on opposing sides of Civil War's conflict. * A scene showed Bucky Barnes trapped in a cage. * Another shot showed Black Panther in action for the first time, popping his claws out. * A scene shows Paul Rudd's Ant-Man being brought into Captain America's faction. Star-struck, Ant-Man stammers, "I know you know a lot of super… people, so I wanted to say thinks for thanking of me. Thanks for thinking of me.” * Tony Stark and Steve Rogers debate their opposing ideologies, with Stark saying, "Without boundaries, we're no better than them."
Following the events of Age of Ultron, the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers, causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America, which causes an epic battle between former allies.
Captain America: Civil War will hit theaters on May 6, 2016.
Advertisements
Those who think that working on pallets is a hassle have not tired it at all as I can bet that if you have ever worked on pallets you must know how easy and handy it is to deal with the pallets. And with a passage of time you can get a full command on pallets and build whatever you want from simple to complex pallet projects. But the only thing needed is to just get inspired and try on pallets and never give up. And we the DIY department would leave no stone unturned to trigger and push you harder for pallet crafts for the betterment of your interiors and exteriors as well.
And today we are here with this DIY pallet garden seating furniture set a seating is the thing which makes a garden space worth enjoyable. So grab some pallets, your tools and shape up this feasible in structure seating set with no complex joints, intricate details and tough to cut angles. All you need to do is just cut out pallet slats piece and stack them together following the structure pattern to shape up the chairs, sofa, pallet coffee table and the square shape side table of this functional and luxurious set.
Advertisements
Advertisements
Made by: Pallet Y a La Bolsa
SANTA ANA – A federal judge has awarded $8,000 to a quadriplegic man who was stuck on Disney's “It's a Small World” for about 30 minutes after the ride broke down.
U.S. District Judge James Selna, who had dismissed the bulk of the suit brought by Jose Martinez and his wife Christina Buchanan-Martinez, ruled Friday after a bench trial that Disney “should have known that there was a likelihood of harm to a disabled person as reflected in its own standards for that ride.”
Disney officials said in a statement that “Disneyland Resort believes it provided all appropriate assistance to Mr. and Mrs. Martinez when the ride temporarily stopped and is disappointed that the court did not fully agree.”
Martinez's attorney David Geffen said Wednesday his clients were on their first visit to the amusement park on Nov. 27, 2009, expecting to have fun, and got on It's a Small World ride.
The ride had broken down twice earlier that day and did again after Martinez, who uses a wheelchair, and Buchanan-Martinez were on it, Geffen said.
Martinez “was stuck in the cave of the ‘goodbye room' with the music blaring, other people being evacuated and he was requesting they would move his boat a little bit so he could get out of the cave,” Geffen said.
“He immediately told them he has panic attacks and that he takes medications … they had no way to evacuate,” he said, adding Martinez needed to use the restroom and suffers from dysreflexia, which elevates blood pressure to dangerous levels.
Disney employees did not give a warning specifically developed for those who could not evacuate in the event of ride stoppage, he said. Had Martinez known in advance, he could have chosen not to ride or could have used a restroom beforehand, Geffen said.
Selna found Disney “had a duty to give an adequate warning and did not do so.” In an operating manual, “Disney expressly recognized the potential for harm or inconvenience to a disabled guest,” he said.
The judge previously granted Disney's motion to dismiss most of Martinez's case alleging Disney did not have adequate evacuation procedures in place for the disabled.
“I find a breach of the common-law duty to provide safe premises,” Selna said Friday. “I find that the breach caused harm to Mr. Martinez in that he was stuck on the ride. I find he was further harmed by not having the option to make an informed decision as to whether he wanted to take the ride, notwithstanding the possibility of inconvenience in the event of an outage.”
Contact the writer: 714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com
Police say three men are dead and two other people are injured following a shooting at a bar in Fort Wayne.Public Information Officer John Chambers tells WANE-TV that officers responded just before 2:30 a.m. Tuesday to Sports & Spirits and found several people inside and outside the bar. Officers and paramedics found the victims as people were cleared from the building.The (Fort Wayne) Journal-Gazette reports the men were pronounced dead and two other people who were taken to a hospital were listed in good condition.Witnesses told police they heard gunshots inside the bar and saw a person running away. Police didn't report detail about a possible suspect. Police say they didn't immediately know whether one or more people may be responsible for the shooting.
Police say three men are dead and two other people are injured following a shooting at a bar in Fort Wayne.
Public Information Officer John Chambers tells WANE-TV that officers responded just before 2:30 a.m. Tuesday to Sports & Spirits and found several people inside and outside the bar. Officers and paramedics found the victims as people were cleared from the building.
Advertisement
The (Fort Wayne) Journal-Gazette reports the men were pronounced dead and two other people who were taken to a hospital were listed in good condition.
Witnesses told police they heard gunshots inside the bar and saw a person running away. Police didn't report detail about a possible suspect. Police say they didn't immediately know whether one or more people may be responsible for the shooting.
AlertMe
On the day that Kasparov was defeated by Deep Blue, I found myself thinking of the film "Being There'' (1979). The chess champion said there was something about the computer he did not understand, and it frightened him. There were moments when the computer seemed to be . . . thinking. Of course, chess is not a game of thought but of mathematical strategy; Deep Blue has demonstrated it is possible to be very good at it without possessing consciousness.
The classic test of Artificial Intelligence has been: Can a computer be programmed to conduct a conversation that seems human to another human? "Being There'' is a film about a man whose mind works like a rudimentary A.I. program.
Advertisement
His mind has been supplied with a fund of simplistic generalizations about the world, phrased in terms of the garden where he has worked all his adult life. But because he presents himself as a man of good breeding (he walks and talks like the wealthy older man whose house he lived in, and wears the man's tailored suits) his simplicity is mistaken for profundity, and soon he is advising presidents and befriending millionaires.
The man's name is Chance. We gather he has lived all of his life inside the townhouse and walled garden of a rich recluse (perhaps he is his son). He knows what he needs to know for his daily routine: Where his bedroom and bathroom are, and how to tend the plants of the garden. His meals are produced by Louise, the cook. The movie provides no diagnosis of his condition. He is able to respond to given cues, and can, within limits, adapt and learn.
Early in the film he introduces himself as "Chance . . . the gardener,'' and is misunderstood as having said "Chauncey Gardener.'' Just the sort of WASP name that matches his clothing and demeanor, and soon he is telling the President: "Spring, summer, autumn, winter . . . then spring again.'' Indeed.
Chance is played by Peter Sellers, an actor who once told me he had "absolutely no personality at all. I am a chameleon. When I am not playing a role, I am nobody.'' Of course, he thought himself ideal for this role, which comes from a novel by Jerzy Kosinski. Sellers plays Chance as a man at peace with himself. When the old man dies, the household is broken up and Chance is evicted, there is a famous scene where he is confronted by possible muggers, and simply points a channel changer at them, and clicks. He is surprised when they do not go away.
Sellers plays Chance at exactly the same note for the entire film. He is detached, calm, secure in his own knowledge, unaware of his limitations. Through a series of happy chances, he is taken into the home of a dying millionaire named Benjamin Rand (Melvyn Douglas). The millionaire's wife Eve (Shirley MacLaine) establishes Chance in a guest suite, where he is happy to find a television (his most famous line is, "I like to watch.'')
Soon the rich man grows to treasure his reassuring friend. The family doctor (Richard Dysart) is perceptive, and begins to have doubts about Chance's authenticity, but silences himself when his patient says Chauncey "has made the thought of dying much easier.'' Chauncey is introduced by Ben to the president (Jack Warden), becomes an unofficial advisor, and soon is being interviewed on television, where his insights fit nicely into the limited space available for sound bites.
Advertisement
Satire is a threatened species in American film, and when it does occur, it's usually broad and slapstick, as in the Mel Brooks films. "Being There,'' directed by Hal Ashby, is a rare and subtle bird that finds its tone and stays with it. It has the appeal of an ingenious intellectual game, in which the hero survives a series of challenges he doesn't understand, using words that are both universal and meaningless. But are Chance's sayings noticeably less useful than when the president tells us about a "bridge to the 21st century?'' Sensible public speech in our time is limited by (1) the need to stay within he confines of the 10-second TV sound bite; (2) the desire to avoid being pinned down to specific claims or promises; and (3) the abbreviated attention span of the audience, which, like Chance, likes to watch but always has a channel-changer poised.
If Chance's little slogans reveal how superficial public utterance can be, his reception reveals still more. Because he is WASP, middle-aged, well-groomed, dressed in tailored suits, and speaks like an educated man, he is automatically presumed to be a person of substance. He is, in fact, socially naive ("You're always going to be a little boy,'' Louise tells him). But this leads to a directness than can be mistaken for confidence, as when he addresses the president by his first name, or enfolds his hand in both of his own. The movie argues that if you look right, sound right, speak in platitudes and have powerful friends, you can go far in our society. By the end of the film, Chance is being seriously proposed as a presidential candidate. Well, why not? I once watched Lamar Alexander for 45 minutes on C-SPAN, as he made small talk in a New Hampshire diner, and heard nothing that Chance could not have said.
The film is not flawless. There are two sex-oriented subplots, and neither one is necessary. The story of the president's impotence could have been completely dispensed with. And the seduction attempt by Shirley MacLaine, as the millionaire's wife, requires her to act in a less intelligent way than she should. MacLaine projects brains; she, like the doctor, should have caught on, and that would have created more intriguing scenes than her embarrassing poses on a bear rug.
In the much-discussed final sequence of "Being There,'' Chance casually walks onto the surface of a lake. We can see that he is really walking on the water, because he leans over curiously and sticks his umbrella down into it.
Advertisement
When I taught the film, I had endless discussions with my students over this scene. Many insisted on explaining it: He is walking on a hidden sandbar, the water is only half an inch deep, there is a submerged pier, etc. "Not valid!'' I thundered. "The movie presents us with an image, and while you may discuss the meaning of the image it is not permitted to devise explanations for it. Since Ashby does not show a pier, there is no pier--a movie is exactly what it shows us, and nothing more,'' etc.
So what does it show us? It shows us Chance doing something that is primarily associated with only one other figure in human history. What are we to assume? That Chance is a Christ figure? That the wisdom of great leaders only has the appearance of meaning? That we find in politics and religion whatever we seek? That like the Road Runner (who also defies gravity) he will not sink until he understands his dilemma?
The movie's implications are alarming. Is it possible that we are all just clever versions of Chance the gardener? That we are trained from an early age to respond automatically to given words and concepts? That we never really think out much of anything for ourselves, but are content to repeat what works for others in the same situation?
The last words in the movie are, "Life is a state of mind." So no computer will ever be alive. But to the degree that we are limited by our programming, neither will we. The question is not whether a computer will ever think like a human, but whether we choose to free ourselves from thinking like computers.
If politics is theatre, climate politics is a family drama. For the last decade we've watched two rival households having the same endless argument. (In fair Canberra, where we lay our scene.)
Political journos call it the 'climate wars' and mostly focus on the lead actors standing in the spotlight. That's understandable: in the Western narrative tradition, characters drive events. And so we all know the story of Abbott usurping Turnbull for the Liberal leadership over emissions trading in 2009, clinching victory by one vote. We watched Abbott destabilise Gillard's reign with his relentless 'carbon tax' jabs, then brutally repeal the price on carbon legislation.
At times it's been a fascinating character study of Malcolm Turnbull, forehead wrinkled with worry as he contorts between his conscience and ambition. Most recently it's been a farce, with lumps of coal passed around parliament as a comedic prop.
Almost no one has noticed the scenery change. Stagehands dismantled the backdrop years ago, but the politicians have kept carrying on as if the same circumstances existed when they started this charade ten years ago.
Now Chief Scientist Alan Finkel has entered from the wings with a new report that should make the Coalition realise everything around the debate is different, and the old lines don't make sense anymore. Instead, Abbott and co., desperate for some attention, are doubling down on stale rhetoric.
Let me explain what I mean by all this theatre analogy stuff with a quick recap of the 'climate wars'. Act One started in 2007 when both John Howard and Kevin Rudd went to the election proposing an emissions trading scheme.
Rudd won, ratified the Kyoto Protocol — something Howard had refused to do — and then introduced the flawed Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme. Opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull supported it, but many in the Liberal Party didn't, and Tony Abbott used the division to seize the Liberal leadership.
That's what the players we're doing, but as I said, the background is more important. At this point, the debate consisted of some core assumptions. First, that renewable energy needed subsidies to compete. Second, that a plan to cut emissions would push up power prices and cost jobs. Third, that business and industry preferred the status quo.
" As energy analyst Tim Buckley has pointed out , this staggering technological and economic shift is hardly mentioned in the debate. In fact, the market is transforming so quickly that the Finkel Report's modelling is already out of date . "
These assumptions were contested, but dominant in the media narrative, which was driven by the Murdoch press. When Abbott became Opposition leader in December 2009, this is the landscape he saw. That month, the UN climate talks at Copenhagen ended in disappointment, reinforcing the Opposition's do-nothing denialism.
All of this was fuel for Abbott's relentless carbon tax campaign. As his former Chief of Staff Peta Credlin later revealed: 'We made it a fight about the hip pocket and not about the environment. That was brutal retail politics and it took Abbott about six months to cut through and when he cut through, Gillard was gone.'
But Abbott wasn't a villain operating in a vacuum. He was also a product of the circumstances — the theatre backdrop. He had a lot of help. Large business groups provided case studies with inflated figures about catastrophic job losses under a carbon price. Manufacturing companies, some of them Liberal party donors, let him tour their factories for the cameras. The big energy generators wailed about power prices rising and the lights going out.
When the Finkel Report was released this month, Abbott admitted he hadn't read it, then gave us his opinion anyway. He called the proposed Clean Energy Target a 'tax on coal'. His Chief of Staff, Peta Credlin, wrote an opinion piece for the Daily Telegraph that read like the greatest hits album of climate and energy myths, circa 2010. They were rehashing their lines from Act One, without realising everything underpinning their arguments had changed.
First, it's now cheaper to build a new solar or wind power station than coal or gas. And that's even before we factor in a carbon price or the massive cost of rehabilitating mines after they close. Here's the relevant chart from page 100 of the Finkel Report, the one Abbott didn't read:
The chart shows the levelised cost of energy, which is the cost per megawatt-hour for building and operating a power station over its assumed lifetime. The black bar is the fixed cost of building it, and the blue is the cost of operating. As you can see, wind and solar are the cheapest.
See the green bars? That's an added cost if renewable generators are forced to have a certain amount of 'dispatchable' capacity, one of Finkel's recommendations. Dispatchable means energy available on demand — in this case, storage or gas attached to renewables. It's suggested to improve reliability, but in his presentation to Coalition MPs, Environment and Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg argues it 'levels the playing field' for coal. In other words, coal now needs government help to compete!
Second, a credible and enduring plan to cut emissions will reduce power prices, not raise them. It's worth explaining how Finkel got to this point. Abbott has complained that Finkel is 'all about emissions', but actually the review was a response to the South Australian blackout in September 2016, which the federal government politicised as an 'energy crisis' then said we needed to investigate the security and reliability of the grid. The terms of reference only mention climate once.
A plan to cut emissions is proposed as a solution to current issues in our national electricity market. In Finkel's words (page 75): 'During the Review, the overwhelming view from stakeholders, especially from within the electricity sector, was the need for a credible and enduring emissions reduction mechanism.'
Exactly who is pushing for it? Finkel quotes submissions from AGL, Energy Australia and Origin. In other words, the biggest polluters in the country are now calling for a kind of carbon price because it would bring investment certainty to the electricity market. That would increase supply and, ultimately, bring down prices. It's the inversion of Abbott's assumptions from 2009.
Third, and this is a related point, business groups are against continuing the status quo. In their submissions, AI Group, Australian Energy Council and Business Council of Australia call for a policy to reduce climate pollution. Several have publicly backed an emissions intensity scheme, Labor's preferred option.
Where does all this leave us? For most commentators, the Finkel Report is seen as a way to end the political 'climate wars'. In this analysis, the proposed Clean Energy Target is worse than what has previously been on the table, but perhaps better than another wasted decade of bickering. It's framed as a choice between accepting a third-rate Coalition policy with a chance of bipartisan support, or holding out for Labor to introduce something more in line with the science, which might get repealed later.
This is a genuine dilemma, but once again the focus is on the political parties squabbling in the foreground, not the rapidly transforming economics in the background. It overlooks that wind, solar and battery storage are disruptive technologies that have already changed the dynamics of our energy grid. It neglects that the price of solar is dropping exponentially. As energy analyst Tim Buckley has pointed out, this staggering technological and economic shift is hardly mentioned in the debate. In fact, the market is transforming so quickly that the Finkel Report's modelling is already out of date.
I look forward to watching the Final Act unfold. But I won't be watching the clowns on stage. My eyes are on the scenery. That's where the real action is.
Greg Foyster is a Melbourne writer and the author of the book Changing Gears.
Pictured: Dr Alan Finkel
Japanese Sets VS Pulse of the Frontier Garchomp Half Deck Charizard Half Deck Advent of Arceus Arceus Lv X Grass and Fire Arceus Lv X Lightning and Psychic HeartGold Collection SoulSilver Collection Reviving Legends Tyranitar Darkness Steelix Metal Lost Link Big Summit Clash Black Collection White Collection Red Collection Hail Blizzard Psycho Drive Dark Rush Dragon Selection Dragon Blade Dragon Blast Garchomp Deck Hydreigon Deck Ice Burn Freeze Shock Plasma Gale Team Plasma Power Deck Spiral Force Thunder Knuckle Shiny Collection Megalo Cannon EX Battle Boost Mewtwo VS Genesect - Mewtwo Mewtwo VS Genesect - Genesect Collection X Collection Y Wild Blaze Mega Battle Deck M Charizard EX Rising Fist Phantom Gate Hyper Metal Chain Deck Gaia Volcano Tidal Storm Team Magma VS Team Aqua Double Crisis Emerald Break Mega Battle Deck M Rayquaza EX Banded Ring Legendary Shiny Collection Blue Shock Red Flash Break Evolution Pack Raichu BREAK Break Evolution Pack Noivern BREAK Break Combo Deck Golduck BREAK Palkia EX Rage of the Torn Heavens PokeKyun Collection Awakening Psychic Champion Perfect Battle Deck 60 Zygarde EX Perfect Battle Deck 60 Mega Audino EX Premium Champion Pack EX M BREAK Fever Burst Fighter Cruel Traitor 20th Anniversary Collection Sun Collection Moon Sun Moon Strengthening Pack Alolan Moonlight Islands Await You Starter Set Tapu Bulu GX Beyond A New Challenge Did You See The Fighting Rainbow Light-Devouring Darkness Shining Legend Awakening Hero Ultra Dimensional Beast GX Battle Boost Ultra Sun Ultra Moon Ultra Forces Forbidden Light Jp Dragon Storm Champion Road Charisma of the Wrecked Sky Thunderclap Spark Fairy Rise Explosive Impact Dark Order GX Ultra Shiny Tag Bolt Night Unison Full Metal Wall Double Blaze Collection X #1 Venusaur EX #2 M Venusaur EX #3 Volbeat #4 Pansage #5 Simisage #6 Scatterbug #7 Spewpa #8 Vivillon #9 Skiddo #10 Gogoat #11 Slugma #12 Magcargo #13 Fennekin #14 Braixen #15 Delphox #16 Staryu #17 Starmie #18 Corsola #19 Froakie #20 Frogadier #21 Greninja #22 Pikachu #23 Raichu #24 Ekans #25 Arbok #26 Spoink #27 Grumpig #28 Phantump #29 Trevenant #30 Lunatone #31 Timburr #32 Gurdurr #33 Conkeldurr #34 Sandile #35 Krokorok #36 Krookodile #37 Zorua #38 Zoroark #39 Skarmory EX #40 Pawniard #41 Bisharp #42 Swirlix #43 Slurpuff #44 Xerneas EX #45 Tauros #46 Dunsparce #47 Taillow #48 Swellow #49 Lillipup #50 Herdier #51 Stoutland #52 Bunnelby #53 Diggersby #54 Max Revive #55 Evolution Soda #56 Roller Skates #57 Muscle Band #58 Professor Sycamore #59 Team Flare Grunt #60 Rainbow Energy #61 Venusaur EX #62 Skarmory EX #63 Xerneas EX 2/60 Other Venusaur Cards
Other Pokémon-EX Cards When 1 of your Pokémon becomes a Mega Evolution Pokémon, your turn ends. M Venusaur EX 230 HP When Pokémon-EX has been Knocked Out, your opponent takes 2 Prize cards. Crisis Vine
The Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned. 120 Weakness x2 Resistance Retreat Cost 2 of 60 #1 / 60
#3 / 60
--->
There's often debate — many times heated — about what feminism means. But the truth is, feminism means different things to different people, and we've found that many women's definitions evolve constantly throughout their lives. While the core dictionary definition is simple and indisputable — "the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes" — the way women express their feminism is as diverse as the women themselves.
A lot of young women talking about their concepts of feminism changing drastically during and shortly after college, the time when we're all shedding assumptions from our childhoods and we're eager to redefine ourselves and chase our goals. We see women at that pivotal stage of their lives in Freeform's upcoming TV series The Bold Type, which follows three ambitious women as they launch their careers at a global women's magazine, Scarlet. Inspired by the life of Joanna Coles, the head of Content at Hearst, the show follows Jane, Kat, and Sutton as they build empowering friendships, kick ass in their careers, and embrace their feminism (as well as the coolest fashion!) in a whole new way. To hear from real millennials about how their definition of feminism changed as they entered a new stage of adulthood — much like the heroines of the show — we teamed up with Freeform to ask young women what they used to think feminism was vs. what they think now.
And make sure to catch the series premiere of The Bold Type on Freeform on Tuesday, July 11th at 9/8c!
Feminism Is Not A Four-Letter Word "Growing up, "feminism" felt like a four-letter word. I don't recall any conversations in my household about what a feminist was, but I do know that somehow I grew up with the vision of the bra-burning, armpit hair growing, men-hating feminism that so many people seem to still think is true today. By the time I got to college and started my career in women's interest journalism surrounded by some of the most brilliant, proud feminists I'd ever met, the definition of equality between men and women became so clear that I almost felt silly for assuming it was anything else. Now, I'm proud to tell anyone who will listen that I'm a bra wearing, pit shaving feminist (although there's nothing wrong with being a braless, armpit-hair-growing feminist!) who has the best interests of men and women in mind." —Allison, 26
College Was My Feminist Awakening “It's shameful to admit, but like many other young women, I didn't have a clear definition of “feminism” when I was a kid. Sure — I was raised by a league of strong, feminist women and men. My mom marched for the Equal Rights Amendment. My dad is a feminist. But the term was still one that I was socialized in school and in the world to think of as a negative thing when I was growing up. I blame culture. "It wasn't until I got into college that I had my true feminist awakening moment. It was when I took a class about the representation of the female body in culture. We read plenty of feminist theory, and I fell in love with feminism — of course, and became acquainted with the fact that feminism is simply about equality. And of course, I learned all about how the term gets a bad PR rap because — of course — the patriarchy wants it to!" — Arielle, 28
Feminism Doesn't Pit Women and Men Against Each Other "I grew up in a family with very strong women — very strong. So most of the rhetoric I was exposed to regarding males vs. females was intense. It also wasn't terribly nuanced. I marched into adulthood thinking, "ra-ra females" and boo-hiss males. The male force was something to be fought and overcome. "But then I met my now husband. And we had a lot of really complicated, long conversations unpacking the whole topic as best we could. Some of them weren't pleasant for either of us. But we listened to each other, really listened. And we both learned from each other that the goal of feminism—a society in which genders are truly equal—requires everyone's participation and help. I needed him as much as needed me. And we've made progress together. And that, I think, is the whole point." —Lexi, 27
Feminism Helped Me Find Power In Numbers "I always grew up thinking feminism was a bad word. My negative impressions didn't come from one source, but the entire culture I grew up in; the stereotypes painted feminists as man-hating, unattractive, and somehow dangerous. I got this impression from everyone — my mom, my dad, even comedians on TV. This didn't change when I left my small town to go to a big, liberal university. In my friend group, even the smart young women among us let the boys shame us for liking typically feminine things (movies, writers, fashion magazines). It was just a given that male interests were inherently smarter and more serious than ours. I also remember during the 2008 primary elections, I was a freshman, and if one of us girls expressed that we preferred the female candidate for the presidential nomination, we were shot down harshly and made to feel stupid. The worst part is that us girls never banded together to defend ourselves and our right to have an opinion. "This sounds silly, but I think things really changed a few years ago when prominent female celebrities started to proudly proclaim themselves as feminists, and define feminism as the simple belief that women deserved the same rights and dignity as men. This movement coincided with my taking myself more seriously in my career, and really valuing deep, supportive bonds with my female friends and co-workers. #SquadGoals became a kind of silly social meme, but it was genuinely empowering, because it helped me realize that there's power in numbers." —Kim, 28
Feminism Isn't Only About The Self "My definition of feminism is always evolving, and it changed in a major way very recently. When I turned 30, I went through a period of being totally self-centered. I don't think that was totally wrong — we all go through periods of needing to focus on ourselves — but I thought it was an act of feminism and maturity to never compromise, partly because I felt I had compromised too often in my 20s, doing and saying things in an effort to make others happy. But as a strong 30-year-old woman, I decided to embrace “the power of no.” I wouldn't commit to plans with friends, only showing up if it was convenient. Would I help a friend move on Saturday? Nope, because I didn't feel like it. Would I take a call from a friend who needed to talk to me after work? Nope, that was 'me time.' "I found over time, however, that my attitude was ridiculous and not at all feminist. Although it's definitely empowering to refuse to do something you truly don't want to do (and I still do that), that doesn't mean you should live a life free of obligation or responsibility to others. My current definition of feminism is almost the opposite — it's about support, community, and inclusion, and not just about self. I empower myself, but I also build up the people around me." —Julia, 31
First World War German shipwreck is uncovered by storms in remote Cornish bay almost a century after it sank while being towed by Royal Navy
Much of the remains of the SV Carl have been hidden since 1917 at B ooby's Bay, near Padstow, in Cornwall
Ship was being towed by the Royal Navy to London when it sank and was stripped leaving just its hull and masts
Series of Atlantic storms battering Britain has revealed the wreck and also an ancient Welsh forest
Advertisement
For nearly a century, the vast hull of the German ship that sank during the First World War has been mostly hidden from view.
But the violent storms that lashed Britain have laid bare the wreck of the SV Carl.
Giant waves have stripped away almost 3ft of sand, revealing the steel ribs of the 60ft vessel at its final resting place at Booby's Bay near Padstow in north Cornwall.
Scroll down for video
Emerged from the storms: The well preserved wreck of a German ship that sank nearly 100 years ago during the First World War has been exposed after a beach was stripped of sand
At war: Germany's SV Carl has been mainly hidden for almost a century at remote the remote Booby's Bay, near Padstow, in Cornwall
Remnants: Experts say that the bad weather since December has stripped away tons of sand, which has revealed the hull and masts of the German ship History: The SV Carl was captured by British forces during the First World War and was being towed to London when it sank on October 7 1917
Filmmaker Crispin Sadler made the discovery while holidaying near the remote location. ‘We've always known there was a wreck there, but had no idea there was this much of it still there until now,' he said.
It was in a fierce storm on October 7, 1917 that the Carl met its fate. It is believed that the ship, which was registered in Hamburg, was in Cardiff docks at the outbreak of the war in 1914 and so was impounded. Three years later it was being towed to London to be broken up for scrap when it broke free in the storm.
In a letter to the Padstow Echo in 1966, Lieutenant Commander Langford of the Royal Navy, recalled his mother's eyewitness account of the Carl's demise.
‘The Carl went aground on the outer reef,' he wrote. ‘Two Admiralty tugs came from Devonport to try to refloat her.
Operation: The stricken vessel was eventually washed ashore and was stripped of anything useful - but the 60ft wooden shell was left behind
Once submerged: The SV Carl was captured by British forces during the First World War and was being towed to London when it sank on October 7 1917
Mesmerising: The relic of the First World War is remarkably well after being caked in tons of sand for almost a century
Magical: Parts of the ship can be seen at certain parts of the year but experts say that the recent bad weather has revealed much more of the German ship than usual Discovery: Filmmaker Crispin Sadler was enjoying a half-term trip to the idyllic Cornish beauty spot when he took pictures of the remarkable structure. Iconic: Booby's Bay in Cornwall is a remote spot on the north edge of the county's coastline and adjoins Constantine Bay, which both feature spectacular rock formations
‘They got her off the reef, but as soon as they had done so, the towing hawser [cable] on each tug parted, Carl went ahead out of control and grounded on the inner reef (only a few yards from the shore as we know).
‘She was there examined by salvage experts … who found no damage whatever to the hull. The Admiralty tugs therefore had another try to tow her off, but once more both ship's towing harnesses parted. Carl broke her back and became a total loss. But for the unusual misfortune of both towing hawsers parting on two successive attempts Carl would in all probability have been salvaged (as a prize of war, of course).'
The ship was stripped of anything useful and left to rot. Mr Sadler made his way to the site after realising that the recent violent storms would have altered the landscape.
‘I reckon about a metre of sand has been stripped off this beach and although I have seen some of this wreckage in the past, I have never seen so much as this time,' he said. ‘The majority of the ship was salvaged and this is all that is left, which is in remarkably good condition from being under the sand all these years.'
But it's already disappearing again. Mr Sadler said the sand was beginning to return.
Scientists knew the forest was there as stumps could sometimes be seen at low tide, but these new remains have appeared further north than the previous sightings
Discovered: The tank traps were uncovered on rest Bay in Porthcrawl, South Wales in the aftermath of the storms that have swept the country
Barricades: They formed part of an enormous line of coastal defences to prevent tanks from advancing inland
Destroyed: The empty spaces where beach huts used to stand in Southbourne Beach, Dorset
Body
Sound Transit provides Expert Review Panel with updated calculation of costs for additional car tab, sales and property taxes
Sound Transit today released an updated and more precise calculation of the taxes residents would pay if the Sound Transit 3 ballot measure is approved in November.
In its June 20, 2016 letter, the ST3 Expert Review Panel (ERP) appointed by the state of Washington suggested that the typical cost per household be updated to reflect the most current data. The more accurate new calculation indicates ST3 would cost the typical adult in the Sound Transit District an additional $169 annually, $34 or 17 percent less than the $203 previously estimated.
Under the updated and more precise methodology addressed in the attached memo, the calculations for all three of the new taxes that regional voters will consider now use median values, or the amounts at which 50 percent of people would pay more and 50 percent would pay less. Previously, the calculation for the motor vehicle excise tax (MVET) used average vehicle values based on the information that was readily available in early 2015. Using a median value cancels the disproportionate impact of the relatively small number of people that own very expensive vehicles. For example, the 1 percent of vehicles in the district with values over $52,000 and 10 percent with values over $27,000 are dramatically higher than the median value of $5,333.
For both the MVET and property taxes, the new calculation is now a reflection of the typical adult who lives within the precise boundaries of the Sound Transit District as opposed to the three-county area.
The ST3 Plan would build 62 additional miles of light rail and 37 new stations to form a 116-mile regional system, as well as bus rapid transit, commuter rail and other regional transit investments to get people out of traffic as the region's population keeps growing. The plan's $53.8 billion in investments would be enabled by new taxes including: (1) a sales tax of 0.5 percent ($.50 on a $100 purchase); (2) a MVET of 0.8 percent ($80 annually per $10,000 of vehicle value); and (3) a property tax of 25 cents for each $1,000 of assessed valuation ($100 annually for a $400,000 home). Sound Transit will develop an online calculator through which residents can input information to calculate individualized annual cost estimates.
Here's how much a typical adult would pay if ST3 is approved:
MVET: An adult owning the median value motor vehicle would pay an additional $43 per year in MVET if ST3 were passed. The updated calculation reflects an annual median value $5,333 of vehicles in the Sound Transit District. MVET taxes are determined by a state of Washington depreciation schedule for a specific vehicle's model and production year. The previous calculation relied on a less representative average vehicle value of $10,135 for the more expansive tri-county area, for a significantly higher annual cost of $78 per adult.
An adult owning the median value motor vehicle would pay an additional $43 per year in MVET if ST3 were passed. The updated calculation reflects an annual median value $5,333 of vehicles in the Sound Transit District. MVET taxes are determined by a state of Washington depreciation schedule for a specific vehicle's model and production year. The previous calculation relied on a less representative average vehicle value of $10,135 for the more expansive tri-county area, for a significantly higher annual cost of $78 per adult. Property tax: An adult with the median home value would pay an additional $47 per year in property tax if ST3 were passed. The updated calculation is based on a median $360,658 assessed value for the Sound Transit District, and 1.93 adults per household. This calculation uses actual median assessed home values for 2015 which are inflated by 9.6 percent to estimate what people would pay in 2017 following the passage of ST3. This more precise data, based on what taxpayers actually pay, was not available at the time of the original calculation. Instead, the earlier calculation used less precise Zillow home values in the entire Snohomish, King and Pierce county areas to generate an estimate of additional property tax per adult that was coincidentally also $47 per year for an assumed median market value of $360,776.
An adult with the median home value would pay an additional $47 per year in property tax if ST3 were passed. The updated calculation is based on a median $360,658 assessed value for the Sound Transit District, and 1.93 adults per household. This calculation uses actual median assessed home values for 2015 which are inflated by 9.6 percent to estimate what people would pay in 2017 following the passage of ST3. Sales tax: An adult at the median income level would pay an additional $79 per year in sales and use taxes if ST3 were passed. This is based on an updated median household income level of $73,359 according to 2015 data from the Washington State Office of Financial Management (OFM) for Snohomish, King and Pierce counties, and 1.93 adults per household. The OFM-estimated amount that a household of that income level pays in sales taxes was then adjusted to an estimate for 2017 by adding two years of inflation at approximately 2.25 percent annually. The previous calculation was based on the older OFM 2013 median income level of $67,032, which was inflated to a $78 estimated additional cost for 2017 by adding four years of inflation. The fact there was not much change in the estimated sales tax cost under the updated calculation reflects that the earlier inflation assumptions were fairly accurate.
The ST3 Plan would construct light rail further north to Everett, further south to Federal Way and Tacoma, and further east to downtown Redmond. Extensions would connect West Seattle and Ballard to the system, in addition to a new line in East King County linking South Kirkland, Bellevue and Issaquah.
ST3 would also establish bus rapid transit service on I-405 from Lynnwood to Burien and on SR 522, with faster buses running every 10 minutes during peak commute hours. The plan would expand the capacity of fast-growing Sounder south commuter rail service linking Seattle, Tukwila, Kent, Auburn, Sumner, Puyallup, Tacoma and Lakewood, with extension of the line to reach Joint Base Lewis-McChord and DuPont. Parking and other investments would expand access about both south line and north line Sounder stations. The Tacoma Link light rail line would extend from Hilltop to Tacoma Community College.
Among a number of other projects in the plan, early investments would include speeding up existing bus routes by enabling them to run on the shoulders of freeways where possible. Details of the plan are available at soundtransit3.org, including an interactive map.
Defensive end Mike Tuaua and receiver Andre Petties-Wilson, arrested last week on robbery and assault charges, have completed the university discpline process and are back in practice, TCU coach Gary Patterson said Wednesday.
He said he does not know if they will play Saturday against Texas.
Both were suspended for three games after the Sept. 4 incident near campus, in which they were accused of assaulting other TCU students at a party and stealing a case of beer.
“As an ambassador for this university, I'm sad for all parties, not just my guys, that the incident happened,” Patterson said after practice Wednesday. “They've had a three-game suspension. I'm saddened that the whole situation went down. Hopefully my guys learn from it.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Tuaua and Petties-Wilson still face criminal charges.
From a football standpoint, the players could help soon.
Tuaua, a senior defensive end, would provide a boost in the lineup for a defense playing without two other defensive ends, a starting linebacker, starting safety and starting cornerback. Last week, defensive tackle Davion Pierson returned after missing the first three games recovering from a concussion.
Petties-Wilson did not play in the season opener was far down the depth chart, but there could be openings with injuries to Kolby Listenbee and Emanuel Porter at the receiver position.
Patterson said Listenbee “still didn't practice much,” and that Porter also remains questionable.
President Trump returned to Melbourne, Fla., for a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18. (Thomas Johnson/The Washington Post)
MELBOURNE, Fla. — As President Trump descended the stairs from Air Force One on Saturday evening, with a patriotic country song playing and thousands cheering, the 2020 election season officially began.
Although the past several presidents have waited more than two years before jumping back onto the campaign trail, Trump's first four weeks in office have shown that he just can't stand too much time in Washington. One adviser calls political rallies the president's “oxygen” — and Trump seemed to direly need a deep inhalation following a week that included his national security adviser resigning and his top replacement pick turning him down, his nominee for labor secretary withdrawing from consideration and accusations involving his campaign and Russia.
“Life is a campaign,” the president told reporters aboard Air Force One. “Making our country great again is a campaign. For me, it's a campaign.”
The White House promised Thursday that the taxpayer-funded Air Force One would not be used as a “prop” at the political rally — yet Trump used the iconic plane to stage a dramatic arrival at a hangar filled with 9,000 of his supporters. The plane slowly pulled up as the theme song from the 1997 movie “Air Force One” blared, the same routine Trump used to perform with his personal plane.
[Two days ago, the White House said Air Force One would not be used as a 'prop']
For 45 minutes, Trump basked in the glow of the love of those who still believe in him and who interrupted him with adoring applause nearly 100 times. He reiterated his campaign promises, bragged about things he has already done, blamed Obama for leaving him with “a mess like you wouldn't believe,” denounced the “fake news” media, pulled a fan onto the stage, referenced a terrorist attack in Sweden the night before that didn't happen, and compared himself to Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln. He couldn't hear the chants from hundreds of protesters stationed across the street who accused him of being a hateful dictator and Russia's puppet, among other things.
For 45 minutes, Trump existed in a world where there were no falling approval ratings, no calls for investigations, no criticisms from fellow Republicans, no leaks, no snarky “Saturday Night Live” impersonations, no legal challenges to his authority, no critiques of his Twitter grammar and definitely no questions shouted by reporters. For 45 minutes, everyone had to just listen to him.
“I'm here because I want to be among my friends and among the people,” Trump said, as the crowd cheered. “This was a great movement. A movement like has never been seen before in our country, or probably anywhere else. This was a truly great movement. And I want to be here with you. And I will always be with you. I promise you that.”
Upon taking the stage, Trump laid out three objectives for the evening: To speak to his followers “without the filter of the fake news,” to detail his “incredible progress in making America great again” and to share his plans for the future.
He promised to start building a wall on the southern border “very shortly,” to reduce violent crime, to sign a new executive order “over the next couple of days” to reinstate the travel ban that was frozen by a federal court, to introduce “a great health-care plan” in a couple of weeks, to increase the number of “products stamped with those beautiful, beautiful words ‘Made in the USA' and to put coal miners back to work,” a romantic idea that was cheered by Floridians who live far from coal country.
[Here are 282 of Donald Trump's campaign promises]
“A great spirit of optimism is sweeping — and you see it, it's sweeping all across the country,” Trump said. “Look at what's happening to the stock market. Look at what's happening to every poll when it comes to optimism in our country. It's sweeping across the country. … It's going to be a new day in America. You're going to be proud again.”
But there was clearly a fourth objective for the evening: To tell his supporters who to blame for any appearance of failure in his first month in the White House.
Those responsible include the Obama administration, he said, telling his fans: “You've seen what we've accomplished in a very short period of time. The White House is running so smoothly. So smoothly. And believe me, I — and we — inherited one big mess. That I can tell you.”
And the Democrats are also to blame, he said, for not approving his appointments quickly enough.
“I actually think it's an embarrassment to them, but this is getting in to be record-setting territory,” Trump said, later adding: “We have to tell the Democrats, because they're doing the wrong thing for the American people, to stop their tactics of delay and obstruction and destruction. They got to get on with it.”
But, really, the “dishonest media” is most to blame, the president suggested as he accused the entire industry of having “published one false story after another, with no sources, even though they pretend they have them.”
“They've become a big part of the problem. They are part of the corrupt system,” Trump said. “Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln, and many of our greatest presidents fought with the media and called them out, oftentimes, on their lies. When the media lies to people, I will never, ever let them get away with it. I will do whatever I can that they don't get away with it. … They have their own agenda. And their agenda is not your agenda.”
Trump then quoted Jefferson, who once said that “nothing can be believed which is seen in a newspaper.” The president failed to noted that Jefferson also once said: “Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.”
At one point during the rally, Trump spotted a supporter in the audience who had been interviewed on Fox News earlier in the day.
[‘Something is happening that is amazing,' Trump said. He was right.]
“I saw this man on television just now — you,” Trump said. “I just saw him on television. He said, ‘I love Trump. Let Trump do what he has to do.' That's my guy right there.”
The president then called the man to hop over a barricade and come onto the stage, no doubt frustrating Secret Service agents charged with protecting him.
“Let him up. Let him up,” the president said. “I'm not worried about him. I'm only worried he's going to give me a kiss. I'm not worried about anything else. This guy is so great. He was one of many people. They're interviewing people in the line. And I have to say, there's a tiny group of protesters out there. And they were given as much publicity as this massive room packed with people. But they interviewed this man. Come on up here. Come on up. This guy was great.”
Trump then handed over the stage to Gene Huber, a wiry man with short hair wearing a T-shirt featuring Trump giving a thumbs-up.
“Mr. President, thank you, sir,” Huber said. “We, the people, our movement is the reason why our president of the United States is standing here in front of us today. When President Trump during the election promised all these things that he was going to do for us, I knew he was going to do this for us. Thank you, Mr. President.”
Trump beamed and said: “A star is born. A star is born.” The crowd then began to chant: “USA! USA! USA!”
Trump then accused the media of not giving supporters like Huber any credit, even though he knew about Huber only from watching the news.
“The media, as I told you, they won't show this crowd,” Trump said. “Look at that. All the way outside. … This is as big a hangar as you get. All the way outside. Way back to the fences. Amazing.”
Trump is an entertainer who has filled his rallies with impromptu moments like this and has claimed credit for turning several of his supporters into stars, if only for one day. He's also a storyteller, and he picked two tales to share with his crowd.
“Within a few days of taking the oath of office,” Trump began, “I've taken steps to begin the construction of Keystone and the Dakota Access pipeline. … As I was about to sign it, I said, ‘Who makes the pipe? Who makes the pipe?' Something this audience understands very well, right? Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, ‘Who makes the pipe?' They said, ‘Sir, it can be made anywhere.' I said, ‘Not anymore.' So I put a little clause in the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we're going to have pipelines.”
The crowd exploded into cheers. Trump didn't mention that the government actually has no legal authority to demand that a private company use domestic materials in a project that's privately financed. Instead, he marveled at the crowd size and then told another story.
“They were close to signing a $4.2 billion deal to have a new Air Force One. Can you believe this?” said Trump, later clarifying that the contract covers the cost of two planes. “I said, ‘No way.' I said, ‘I refuse to fly in a $4.2 billion airplane. I refuse.' So I got Boeing in. … We got that price down by over $1 billion. And I probably haven't spoken, to be honest with you, for more than an hour on the project.”
While Boeing's chief executive has promised to get the job done for “less” than the original price, the $1 billion figure was new. Either way, the story earned the president another round of cheers.
The president had pitched this speech as being one about unity, a theme that didn't seem to come up until his final seconds on stage.
“Let us move past the differences of party and find a new loyalty rooted deeply in our country,” Trump said, reading from a teleprompter. “We are all brothers and all sisters. We share one home, one destiny and one glorious American flag. We're united together by history and by providence. We will make America strong again, I promise. We will make America proud again.”
The crowd cut him off with cheers.
“We will make America safe again,” the president said. “And we will make America great again. Greater than ever before.”
The rally was over, and the sound of the Rolling Stones' “You Can't Always Get What You Want” filled the hangar. Soon, Trump was back on Air Force One, which taxied away to the “Air Force One” theme song, as spotlights bounced around the hangar as if it were a nightclub.
As the president left, there was a mob of reporters around Huber, the president's new star. Minutes later, he was getting ready for a live interview on CNN, as a crowd of fellow supporters gathered behind him and chanted: “CNN sucks!” and “Tell the truth!”
One of Huber's friends, Kevin Rebal, stood behind the cameras and shouted at him: “Gene, you're on very fake news! It's okay, man. It's okay.”
Cranberry juice will not clean drugs, including THC, from your system quickly. It is, however, a great detox drink. If you have enough time until your drug test, cranberry juice can definitely help!
The concentration and length of time drugs stay in the body and can be detected varies greatly. Since most drugs are filtered by the body and excreted via urine, urine is the most common drug test. This is where the cranberry juice myth comes in.
Since most drugs are not traceable in urine after three days, using cranberry juice as a diuretic to speed up “flushing” can help. However, if the drug test is conducted on hair, no amount of cranberry juice will help because almost all drugs remain detectable in hair for up to three months.
(However, if you click on the above link, you'll see a solution.)
Of all recreational drugs, THC is the most difficult to eliminate from the system because full elimination from the body (to levels can't be detected by urine, blood, or hair drug tests) takes up to three months.
When you smoke weed, vape, or enjoy edibles, your body converts THC to metabolites which are stored in fat. But exercise alone – and subsequent fat loss – doesn't mean that you can go on a crash diet to pass a drug test. THC metabolizes in the liver, which has nothing to do with how quickly your body metabolizes fat.
Is There Another Solution to Pass Drug Tests?
Yes, in fact there are many, depending on what sort of test you are taking.
The #1 source for buying products to beat marijuana drug tests is Test Clear.
(Click the link above, they have everything from detox drinks, shampoos for hair follicle tests, and even dehydrated urine.)
We also just wrote up a full review of Test Clear – check it out here.
You won't go wrong with their products – they get the 420 Times stamp of approval.
What You Can Do
Okay – a crash diet and chugging cranberry juice won't help you pass a surprise drug test. However, if you have time, let's say one full week, here are steps you can take that may lower the concentration of THC in the urine to below 50ng/ml:
Drink 1-2 glasses of cranberry juice every day. Cranberry juice is a diuretic. It makes you pee more, which will help eliminate toxins and drugs from your urine. However:
Don't get caught diluting your urine!
Drinking too much cranberry juice or any other liquid (including water) may lead to hyponatremia, a dangerous (sometimes fatal) condition where the percentage of electrolytes, salts and minerals in the body's fluids drops to dangerous levels (your body is 75% water – but that means ‘salt' water).
Drinking too much cranberry juice will alter the pH of your urine, which is a red flag for the testing lab!
Exercise to burn fat. Again, this is not a quick fix. While you may be able to lose several pounds within a week, you may lose fat, but also fluids – which could actually increase the concentration of drugs in your urine. Fat loss should be done safely and mindfully over time.
Conclusion
Cranberry juice alone will not help in passing a drug test. Don't use the cranberry juice method if you have heartburn or gastric issues, since it's highly acidic and can adversely affect your digestive system.
Plastic surgeon Michael Niccole first operated on his daughter Charm when she was just ten years old. He turned her outie into an innie.
Since then both Charm, now 25, and her sister Brittani, also 25, have gone under their dad's knife several times, augmenting their breast size and reshaping their nose.
The sisters, who were adopted by Dr. Niccole and his wife Penny as babies, also regularly visit their dad's Orange Country practice to get botox touch ups and face peels.
"Every other month I'll get something done to my skin," Charm told Barcroft Media. "I think Botox is important because it prevents you from getting wrinkles. I also get Botox in my armpits, which helps me stop sweating."
The two are more than happy to play the part of living billboards for their dad's clinic.
"Some people say, "Isn't it weird that your dad has seen your breasts?" and I say no," Brittani is quoted as saying. "First of all I'm his daughter and he's seen me naked when I was a baby, so really who cares?"
And the pitch seems to work.
"Almost all of our friends have had procedures done by my dad, whether that's boob jobs, liposuction, Botox or skin peels," claims Charm.
Penny, their mom, was initially reluctant to allow their daughters to undergo surgery, but eventually gave in to their demands.
When the girls began to visit their dad's clinic on a regular basis, Penny says she worried that her daughters "could become addicted to plastic surgery."
"I fought it for a long time but when I saw how much she hated her nose, I gave in again," she said.
Dr. Niccole himself never had such qualms, though he insists he is not the reason his daughters love plastic surgery.
"They have grown up in an environment of beauty," he told Barcroft. "Our cars are always immaculate, our house is immaculate and all our friends are beautiful."
[video via Barcroft TV]
YOU CAN'T MAKE UP better stories of survival than the ones Carhartt employees hear from their customers: the guy who was shot by a .22-caliber bullet that didn't penetrate his sleeve or the 4-year-old who survived being mauled by a pit bull. Both were wearing their Carhartts and lived to tell about it.
Carhartt's tightly woven duck canvas jackets and double-layered bib overalls, with their triple-stitched seams and large-gauge zippers, are practically indestructible, if you ask the people who wear them. As for the company that makes them, it's lasted a long time, too--almost 125 years and four generations, beating the odds for most family-owned companies.
They've done it by adapting to repeated economic upheavals--while staying true to their core working-class customers. In a nation where all but 2% of clothing purchased is made overseas, Carhartt's 10% domestic production--it manufactures clothes in Tennessee and Kentucky--remains an industry standout. "It's part of the core values of the company," said Chief Executive Mark Valade, 60, the great-grandson of the company founder. "If we were to lose that, we'd lose a big piece of who we are."
That authenticity is also marketing magic for the 4,400-employee company, based in Dearborn, Mich. French skateboarders, Brooklyn hipsters and suburban mall rats--they all love Carhartt, too. The result is $555 million in overall revenue last year, up from $530 million in 2011 and $466 million in 2010. The closely held company doesn't disclose profits.
Listening to customers is how the company got started back in 1889. Valade's great-grandfather Hamilton Carhartt, a horse-and-wagon salesman, got an idea to make denim overalls for railroad workers. So he asked a railroad engineer for help. The new overalls were snag-proof and durable. They were also comfortable, with wide legs, and had extra pockets for rulers, pliers and watches, plus a hammer loop. Though they were more expensive than other bibs, Hamilton stressed quality and durability with his slogan, "Honest value for an honest dollar."
The company almost went under during World War I, however, when Hamilton bet the business on selling uniforms to the U.S. military, only to find out they weren't needed. Then, during the Depression, Carhartt was forced to close all but a handful of factories, later rebuilding its manufacturing base as the economy bounced back. When the U.S. textile industry moved overseas in the 1970s and 1980s, Carhartt managed to hang on by emphasizing the quality and value of its apparel. By the late 1990s, though, even Carhartt had to start producing in Mexico to stay competitive.
"My father said, 'Every generation is going to be challenged to the very core of the business,' " Valade says. Right now it's figuring out how to manage opportunities without damaging Carhartt's identity. Most Carhartts are still sold in farm supply stores or J.C. Penney and Sears, but the company has also opened a dozen Carhartt stores in urban markets like Chicago, Portland and Boston. In Europe and Asia they struck a licensing deal with Work in Progress to market a new line of avant-garde street clothes. Carhartt WIP opened its first U.S. store in New York's SoHo district in 2011.
"While we have shifted strategy over the years or adapted to the times, Carhartt has never waned on its core value of making the very best apparel for the active worker," says Valade. "We will never compromise that principle of our business model ... ever."
As an entrepreneur, it can be extremely difficult to take time out and re-calibrate.
Everything you are is focused on bringing your vision come to life, and making all of the stress, personal sacrifice and fatigue worthwhile.
But does it actually increase your chance of success to take a time out? Step back and make sure you're making the right choices, and there isn't a great opportunity staring you in the face. It is very easy to miss the obvious when you are buried in growing a company.
You must be willing to go over and above and push yourself more than the average person. No question. But what is rarely talked about are the physical and mental downsides of not taking breaks from your obsession.
Mental Downside Of Being Hyper-Focused
There is a never ending litany of people saying that the only way to be successful is to be focused, give it your all and it will all be worth it. I completely agree with this (and have lived it) but personally feel this needs to be further defined.
Studies show that optimal mental efficiency happens on 7.06 hours of sleep. There is significant decline with less than 6.47 hours or more than 8.03. Since you are making important decisions as a business owner, it is vital you operate at your peak mental ability as much as humanly possible.
Will this be possible all the time? Of course not. Just make sure you keep this reality in the back of your head. The last thing you want to do is make a dumb decision on a lack of sleep!
Physical Downside Of Being Hyper-Focused
I really don't need to even dive into this. We all know what happens when we work to much and exercise to little, but did you know that stress has a direct impact on your immune system and rate of metabolism?
The hormone cortisol is released as part of your “fight or flight” response to stress. While there are temporary benefits to this, in the long term there is a significant reduction in both your immune system and digestive track. This leads to greater risk of serious diseases in general, and the slow down of your metabilism has been linked to things like diabetes and intestinal blockage.
Another study shows that AGE DOESN'T MATTER in how the body reacts to stress!
Personal Downside Of Being Hyper-Focused
Beating back weight gain, overcoming illness and getting caught up on sleep can usually be accomplished when you've either failed miserably or reached the mountain top.
The bad decisions made in business and more importantly your personal life are not so easily vanquished.
Losing clients, friends, significant others, or relationships with your children have serious impact on your mental health. While you may be able to suppress these issues in the short term, they will catch up with you.
There was a study released last year showing that married business owners had a divorce rate of 82%. With a national average of just under 50%, this is to great a coincidence to ignore.
In short, you need to think long and hard about how much these relationships mean to you. Not only can they damage you emotionally in the long term, destruction of your personal life will make business success that much harder.
Taking Breaks Doesn't Mean Losing Focus
Having experienced almost everything mentioned in this article personally, I want to say that this has not turned off my entrepreneurial fire in the slightest.
It has just made me take the occasional timeout, re-calibrate, make sure the decisions being make are good ones, spend time with my daughter, friends and build great relationships with clients.
If you do the same, it will make those late nights and short term sacrifices easier to deal with and make them more rewarding when you have people to share them with!
An Uber car was involved in a downtown crash on Thursday morning as rules surrounding Uber and insurance remain murky, and city council votes to regulate the service.
It happened at Bay and Elm streets around 4 a.m.
Witnesses tell CityNews the driver of the Uber car went through the intersection and was T-boned by another vehicle.
Two passengers in the Uber vehicle were sent to hospital with minor injuries.
UberX, which has regular drivers transporting people in their private cars, doesn't have commercial licenses and therefore lack the regulation and oversight of traditional taxi companies. Taxi companies have argued that this puts passenger safety in jeopardy while simultaneously driving traditional cabbies out of business.
Last month, Uber announced that it's working with Intact Financial to create a ridesharing insurance plan. It's not yet on the market. Currently, Uber notes that “every ride on the uberX platform in Canada is backed by $5,000,000 [$5 million] of contingent auto liability insurance covering bodily injury and property damage.”
At city hall on Wednesday, councillors voted in favour of Mayor John Tory's motion to begin the process of regulating ride-sharing service Uber by creating new bylaws.
The motion calls for city staff to report back on new regulations this spring. Council also voted in favour of asking Uber to stop operating in Toronto until that framework is submitted.
Uber Toronto general manager, Ian Black, said that wouldn't happen and Uber would continue to operate.
It is "Inside Everton Week" all this week on Bleacher Report, and on Wednesday we talked to recently retired Everton Ladies goalkeeper Rachel Brown-Finnis about retirement, her career and the exciting recent developments in the women's game.
FINCH FARM, Halewood — Tim Howard is not the only great goalkeeper Everton Football Club have on their books. Former England and Great Britain goalkeeper Rachel Brown-Finnis was a fixture in the Everton Ladies team for a number of years before retiring at the end of 2014 as the stresses and strains of a 20-year career in football took their toll on her body.
That long career, which saw her win 82 caps for her country, has given the 34-year-old a great perspective on the state of the women's game and the progress it has made over the past decade—particularly in England, where the introduction of the FA Women's Super League has quickly ushered the game toward a fully professional era.
Rachel Brown-Finnis was proud to attend Everton's Ladies Lunch at the Hilton @evertonoptimum http://t.co/cKL1N3XdpG pic.twitter.com/1Ys0m5DeVT — Everton Ladies (@EvertonLadies) January 30, 2015
With many Premier League clubs focusing time, money and resources toward their ladies team, this offseason has seen a number of clubs make eye-catching signings of some of the best talent both domestically and internationally, replicating what we have seen in the men's game for a number of seasons.
Entering its fifth season, the WSL is clearly going from strength to strength, something Brown-Finnis is delighted to see.
“The fact we are attracting players from all over the world, that doesn't happen without big investment from clubs, big media coverage,” Brown-Finnis told Bleacher Report. “So there are so many things that have rocketed over the last five years. Hopefully it will continue to develop.
“It is probably now one of the most competitive leagues in the world … now you are treated like a full-time footballer should be treated; where women's football is at now is unbelievable, and I'm over the moon that it has got to professional status, pretty much, because we have worked really, really hard over the years.”
Retirement means that, in some ways, as one of the early pioneers—as a child, she briefly had to stop playing football because mixed teams were not allowed and there were no girls sides—Brown-Finnis is missing out on some of the fruits of her labour, but while she admits retirement is perhaps not quite the same as the men's game, she is encouraged by the opportunities she has been presented with.
“@LathomHS: On behalf of everyone at Lathom we would like to thank @rach_brown1 and @SkySportsLFS for a fab day pic.twitter.com/KfDw52XNef” — Rachel Brown-Finnis (@rach_brown1) January 29, 2015
She is now back at Everton as a club ambassador (believed to be the first such role in the women's game in England) and works closely with a number of charities and organisations on numerous projects—as well as taking up a number of media opportunities that have already come her way.
“It's a little different from the men's side—I'm pretty much in full-time work now!” she joked. “It's the break I think I needed, physically and mentally. It has given me the chance to start to look into the things I want to do in the future—it opens up opportunities to try things in the industry of football."
“I think I'm one of the first players who has finished playing to come back into football in an active role," she adds. "It's only really now we are at a place where there are full-time women's job available within women's football. In the future, there will be more and more opportunities for women who have been involved, and sacrificed a lot, to stay within women's football. I'm fortunate my career ending parallels [with that].”
Reflecting on her playing career, which saw her briefly play in the United States and Iceland as well as being one of the few people to represent both Everton and Liverpool, Brown-Finnis said two moments stand out: winning the FA Cup as part of the Toffees squad in 2005, and representing Great Britain at the London Olympics in 2012.
“Winning the FA Cup with Everton was unbelievable,” she said. “We were underdogs on more than one occasion. To do what was not expected of us, and for most of us it to be our first time winning the cup, it was quite special.
“[But] My top moment in football was probably the Olympics. With it being on home turf, the first-ever women's team, it was unbelievable. To be a part of that when a few years before I had been considering retirement… for a number of reasons making the Olympic squad was the pinnacle.”
Ireland's Stephanie Roche makes three ... er, man shortlist for Fifa Puskas Award for best goal. https://t.co/SU32RVEtWG — Barry Glendenning (@bglendenning) December 1, 2014
Now taking stock of the options open to her in retirement, Brown-Finnis is nevertheless hugely optimistic about the direction the women's game is heading in. The WSL is attracting a stronger and stronger calibre of player, which she believes will only help British football in the long run, while the recent nomination of Stephanie Roche for the FIFA Puskas Award is an indication of the game's growing profile on its own terms.
“It's recognition,” she noted. “I don't think there has to be a category for women's goal of the year, or men's goal of the year—it's just goal of the year. I would never ever want any tokenism, but that was worthy of a vote and of coming second.
“It was brilliant to see it recognised—because a few years ago it probably wouldn't have been.”
Watch the full video with Brown-Finnis above, as she reflects on her career, talks about her post-retirement opportunities, and offers insight into England's chances at the forthcoming Women's World Cup.
President Trump met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, left, and Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak last Wednesday at the White House. (Russian Foreign Ministry via Associated Press)
We wrote on May 10 about President Trump's unannounced inclusion of Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak in an Oval Office meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov. The White House did not mention Kislyak in an official readout of the meeting, and American journalists only found out about his participation through photos released by Russian state media.
Now, the Israeli press is reporting that Trump spoke by phone on Tuesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a conversation the White House did not disclose. The call is significant because multiple U.S. news outlets reported earlier Tuesday that Israel was the source of classified information that Trump shared with Lavrov and Kislyak last week. And it's just the latest example of the Trump administration leaving the dissemination of important information to foreign sources.
The original post follows.
President Trump's meeting Wednesday with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov was always going to be a bit awkward, image-wise.
With tensions high after the United States launched a missile strike in Syria, a Russian ally, last month, Trump knew he would have to appear friendly — but not too friendly, since the FBI is investigating whether Trump's campaign might have colluded with Russia to meddle in last year's election.
When Trump abruptly fired James B. Comey as FBI director on Tuesday, he made the optics of his meeting with Lavrov even more delicate. But he didn't stop there.
Ever a glutton for controversy, Trump also met unannounced with Russia's ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, who accompanied Lavrov to the Oval Office. The White House failed in its official readout of the session to mention Kislyak's inclusion, and American journalists were not permitted to observe the meeting or even photograph the attendees before private talks, which is common.
Reporters learned of Kislyak's participation through photographs distributed by the Russian foreign ministry.
The official WH readout does NOT include the fact that the Russian ambassador was also there (per Russia gov't-released pics) pic.twitter.com/rzAHuUROKy — Shane Goldmacher (@ShaneGoldmacher) May 10, 2017
Photos of Trump's meeting with Lavrov and Kislyak just hit the Getty wire and they're all credited to Russian news agency TASS pic.twitter.com/qE9lWB6KuS — Matt Novak (@paleofuture) May 10, 2017
[We are relying on China and Russia to tell us what Trump and Tillerson discussed with their leaders]
The Washington Post's Philip Rucker explains how and why FBI director James Comey was fired, as well as how the FBI's investigation of the Trump campaign's possible connections with Russia may be impacted. (Whitney Shefte/The Washington Post)
Apparently the White House has not yet learned that sneaking around with Kislyak is a bad look. In February, Trump asked his national security adviser at the time, Michael Flynn, to resign after The Washington Post reported that Flynn had discussed sanctions with Kislyak during the period between Election Day and Inauguration Day, contrary to public assertions by White House officials.
In March, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from election-related investigations after The Post reported that he had failed during confirmation hearings to disclose election-year meetings with Kislyak.
There is nothing inherently wrong with Trump's inclusion of Kislyak in Wednesday's meeting, but to be weirdly secretive about it is to invite additional scrutiny that the White House does not need right now.
Then again, perhaps Trump was deliberately trolling the news media — keeping Kislyak under wraps and granting access to a Russian photographer on a day when he knew such moves would drive journalists crazy.
So if Pandora and Paradox had a baby, would it be a clone?
Okay, hold up. First things first, when a draconequus reproduces with a pony, they get a baby. Singular. When a draconequus reproduces with another draconequus, they get a litter. So…yeah. Pandora and Paradox are not having a good day. But at least they've learned their lesson about having sex with your extra-dimensional opposite sex counterpart. Don't.
Presuming the universe didn't implode from this event, Pan and Dox would soon break the world record for worst parenting ever. Good thing the little clone babies are nearly indestructible. Their names are:
Pancake-female
Hopscotch-both male and female
Jean Luc-female
Number 4-neither(no sex)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ps. this ain't canon, folks, i'm just being silly
and to answer another common question, Paradox is not Oddball's father, I'm not planning to reveal that as a twist or something XP
If stamina is the deciding factor in the race between two of the oldest candidates ever for the White House, Donald Trump is winning.
Likely voters think by 53-39 percent that Trump has more physical stamina for the job than Hillary Clinton, according to a new McClatchy-Marist poll. Overall, Clinton leads Trump in the election race by 48-41 in the new poll.
Trump, 70, who takes a cholesterol-lowering drug and is overweight, would be the oldest president ever to take the office.
Clinton, 68, would be the second oldest at inauguration, a few months younger than Ronald Reagan was in 1981.
Read Next election The full McClatchy-Marist poll September 22, 2016 9:29 PM
She remained poised through an 11-hour grilling by the House Benghazi Committee last fall. But health questions were raised following video of her near-collapse abruptly leaving a 9/11 ceremony in New York this month and later revelation she was being treated for pneumonia.
Gender makes a huge difference in how voters see the stamina of the candidates.
Men by 59-29 said Trump had more stamina.
Women by 50-46 gave Clinton the edge over Trump.
Party affiliation also dictates how voters view the stamina of the candidates.
Ninety-four percent of Republicans said Trump had more stamina and and 83 percent of Democrats picked Clinton.
Lee Miringoff, the director of the Marist Institute for Public Opinion in New York, which conducted the nationwide survey, said doubts about Clinton's stamina could fade.
“I think between now and Election Day the vigor of the campaign will make those moments fade in people's memories. Barring any other health incident – which would be a real problem,” he said. “All bets are off if that were to occur.”
Is that a whiff of raspberries and leather you get from that red wine–or a whiff of petroleum? With some premium wines consuming three times their weight in petroleum, don't be surprised if it is the latter.
My previous postings on the carbon footprint of wine made me want to determine just how much carbon is involved in the making and transporting of our favorite beverage. So I collaborated with Pablo Paster, a sustainability metrics specialist, and we ran the numbers. Our findings have just been published as a working paper for the American Association of Wine Economists, available here as a pdf.
While I welcome your comments on the whole paper, I'll post some of the key findings here:
* Organic farming has lower greenhouse gas (GHG) intensity than conventional farming but I was surprised that the difference wasn't greater. Clearly there may be other differences in a local ecosystem but the GHG difference was surprisingly small. But on the whole, it was the transportation that played a more significant role from a GHG perspective.
* Regarding the “food miles” debate, we find that distance does matter.
* But not all miles that a bottle travels are the same. Efficiencies in transportation make container ships better than trucks, which in turn are better than planes.
* Shipping premium wine, bottled at the winery, around the world mostly involves shipping glass with some wine in it. In this regard, drinking wine from a magnum is the more carbon-friendly choice since the glass-to-wine ratio is less. Half-bottles, by contrast, worsen the ratio.
* Shipping wine in bulk from the source and bottling closer to the point of consumption lowers carbon intensity.
* Light packaging material such as Tetra-Pak or bag-in-a-box has much less carbon intensity.
* Using oak chips is a more carbon friendly alternative than oak barrels, particularly those that are shipped assembled and empty around the world
* There's a “green line” that runs down the middle of Ohio. For points to the West of that line, it is more carbon efficient to consume wine trucked from California. To the East of that line, it's more efficient to consume the same sized bottle of wine from Bordeaux, which has had benefited from the efficiencies of container shipping, followed by a shorter truck trip. In the event that a carbon tax were ever imposed, it would thus have a decidedly un-nationalistic impact.
What does this mean for the green wine consumer? Drinking a wine made without agrichemicals, from larger format bottles, or wine that has traveled fewer miles is the more “green” option. Beyond these points (or in addition to them), you could perform your own carbon offsets, for example, by giving up one bottle for another and saying no to bottled water.
“Red, White and “Green”: The Cost of Carbon In the Global Wine Trade,” By Tyler Colman and Pablo Paster
UODATE: This paper was published in the March 2009 issue of the Journal of Wine Research
image 1: istockphoto.com
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Southampton have made an enquiry for Feyenoord midfielder Tonny Vilhena.
The Saints' boss Ronald Koeman has targeted the talented 20-year-old with growing concerns over Jack Cork, who has yet to sign a new contract.
Cork's current deal expires in the summer and Southampton could sell him before Monday's deadline rather than risk losing the ex-England Under-21 international on a free in the summer.
Vilhenna, 20, came through the Feyenoord youth academy. His father is from Angola while his mother is from the Netherlands.
He has represented his country up to Under-21 level and was a key player for coach Koeman during his time at the club.
Vilhenna has struggled under Koeman's successor, Fred Rutten, and is understood to be keen on a reunion with his former boss.
poll loading Which team has been best to watch this season? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Chelsea Man City Southampton Man United Arsenal Liverpool West Ham Other
In pictures - January's done deals:
It's a big week for sisterly rock trio HAIM as they gear up for their inaugural appearance on Saturday Night Live. They've also just announced a new leg of North American tour dates for next Spring. Like a lot of recent tour announcements, there's some suspicious routing which suggests the band will be making appearances at Coachella and Sasquatch!. Looks like the Haim parents are being a little more open minded in the wake of all the success.
Check out the band's full docket, which includes a slew of European, UK, and Australian dates, below.
HAIM 2013-2014 Tour Dates:
11/19 – Munich, DE @ Zenith ^
11/25 – Hamburg, DE @ Gruenspan
11/26 – Cologne, DE @ Buergerhaus
11/27 – Amsterdam, NL @ Melkweg
11/30 – Paris, FR @ La Gaite Lyrique
12/01 – Nijmegen, NL @ Doornroosje
12/02 – Antwerp, BE @ Trix
12/04 – Norwich, UK @ UEA
12/05 – Birmingham, UK @ HMV Institute
12/06 – Leeds, UK @ Metropolitan University
12/08 – Manchester, UK @ Ritz
12/09 – London, UK @ HMV Forum
12/10 – London, UK @ HMV Forum
12/12 – Glasgow, UK @ ABC
12/13 – Dublin, IE @ The Academy
01/22 – Osaka, JP @ SOMA
01/23 – Tokyo, JP @ Club Quattro
01/25 – Singapore @ Laneway Festival
01/27 – Auckland, NZ @ Laneway Festival
01/31 – Brisbane, AU @ Laneway Festival
02/01 – Melbourne, AU @ Laneway Festival
02/02 – Sydney, AU @ Laneway Festival
02/07 – Adelaide, AU @ Laneway Festival
02/08 – Fremantle, AU @ Laneway Festival
02/12 – Bergen, NO @ USF Verftet
02/14 – Oslo, NO @ Rockefeller Music Hall
02/15 – Stockholm, SE @ Berns Salonger
02/16 – Copenhagen, DK @ Vega
02/24 – Brussels, BE @ AB Main Hall
02/27 – Zurich, CH @ Harterei
03/01 – Paris, FR @ Le Trianon Hall
03/03 – Amsterdam, NL @ Paradiso
03/04 – Nottingham, UK @ Rock City
03/06 – London, UK @ O2 Academy
03/07 – Bright, UK @ Brighton Dome
03/08 – Manchester, UK @ Academy
03/10 – Dublin, IE @ Olympia Theatre
03/11 – Sheffield, UK @ O2 Academy
03/12 – Glasgow, UK @ Barrowlands
04/09 – San Francisco, CA @ The Fillmore
04/17 – Las Vegas, NV @ The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas
04/23 – Austin, TX @ Stubb's BBQ
04/24 – Dallas, TX @ House of Blues
04/26 – Tulsa, OK @ Cain's Ballroom
04/27 – Nashville, TN @ Mercy Lounge
05/06 – Carrboro, NC @ Cat's Cradle
05/08 – Washington, DC @ 9:30 Club
05/10 – New York, NY @ Terminal 5
05/13 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues
05/14 – Philadelphia, PA @ Theatre of Living Arts
05/15 – Toronto, ON @ Kool Haus
05/17 – Chicago, IL @ Vic Theatre
05/19 – Minneapolis, MN @ First Avenue
05/21 – Denver, CO @ Gothic Theatre
05/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Urban Lounge
05/24 – Vancouver, BC @ Malkin Bowl
^ = w/ Phoenix
Updates
I seriously need help with sharing this guys, I just found out today that not only will I have my insurance for next year to figure out, but I gotta pay nearly £100 on some fillings after I went to the dentist today DXI really need help with sharing this and getting commissions and craft sales, my craft fair got cancelled so there isn't one 'til June, but I need to pay for all this over a month before then >_< A big thanks toandsooo much for being the ones to share my links everytime (<3), but other than them, I can't spread the word at all ._.Yes, I sound desperate, but I really do need money. No one'll even offer an interview to me, job-wise ):___________________________________________________share this if you can, it'd really make my day so muchUpdates my list of designs available to buy, now with prices by them ^^ Please send me a note if you're interested, I'll always work my absolute best on everything I make!- £4- £3- £12- £15- £20 (customisable)- £15My site HuggableCharm has newer and better quality pictures for those who wanna see more ^^ All bags now have adjustable straps too! Prices are on the site, but I can answer price questions here too.I'm offering 3 different styles, although all of them will be celshaded.For £5 I'll do a full body pic of 1 character, for £8 I'll do a full body pic of 2 characters. More can be done, but this would take much longer as I'm making stock for a craft fair next month.'Anime''TrickSong''Anime/TrickSong mix'If you're interested, please note me or ho to my website, HuggableCharm and use the 'commission' page there ^^ (characters go up to 5+ there, but I'd rather stick with 2 as the max for this)1.2.3.I sketch the picture and send it to you. After any alterations are made, the money needs to be sent before I continue. Colour/background alterations can be made nearer the end within reason, but changing character poses cannot, as these were decided in the sketch stage.
Abstract Occupational guilds in medieval and early modern Europe offered an effective institutional mechanism whereby two powerful groups, guild members and political elites, could collaborate in capturing a larger slice of the economic pie and redistributing it to themselves at the expense of the rest of the economy. Guilds provided an organizational mechanism for groups of businessmen to negotiate with political elites for exclusive legal privileges that allowed them to reap monopoly rents. Guild members then used their guilds to redirect a share of these rents to political elites in return for support and enforcement. In short, guilds enabled their members and political elites to negotiate a way of extracting rents in the manufacturing and commercial sectors, rents that neither party could have extracted on its own. First, I provide an overview of where and when European guilds arose, what occupations they encompassed, how large they were, and how they varied across time and space. I then examine how guild activities affected market competition, commercial security, contract enforcement, product quality, human capital, and technological innovation. The historical findings on guilds provide strong support for the view that institutions arise and survive for centuries not because they are efficient but because they serve the distributional interests of powerful groups.
Citation Ogilvie, Sheilagh. 2014. "The Economics of Guilds." Journal of Economic Perspectives , 28 (4): 169-92 . DOI: 10.1257/jep.28.4.169 Choose Format: BibTeX EndNote Refer/BibIX RIS Tab-Delimited
The Orioles are prepared to name Braves special assistant Dom Chiti as their new bullpen coach, according to industry sources. An announcement could come on Monday.
Chiti, 54, pitched, coached and scouted in the Orioles system, and served as manager Buck Showalter's bullpen coach with the Texas Rangers in 2006.
Chiti last pitched professionally with Single-A Hagerstown, an Orioles affiliate, back in 1981.
Chiti started his coaching career with the Rangers in 1982 before joining the Orioles. He returned to Texas as a special assistant to the general manager in 2002-2003 before becoming director of player personnel.
He was named Rangers bullpen coach in 2006, Showalter's final season as manager.
More on Chiti: Chiti and pitching coach Mark Connor were fired by the Rangers in 2008. The Orioles hired Connor as pitching coach in 2011, but he left two months into the season for health reasons.
Chiti, who worked with Orioles reliever Tommy Hunter and free-agent starter Scott Feldman in Texas, spent 12 years with the Cleveland Indians from 1989-2001, working as an advance scout, roving minor league instructor and major league bullpen coach. He served as Triple-A Buffalo's pitching coach in 1995.
Chiti was fired as Indians bullpen coach in October 1993 by manager Mike Hargrove, who later managed the Orioles.
It's a small baseball world.
New pitching coach Dave Wallace came to the Orioles from the Braves organization, so he's quite familiar with Chiti.
It all makes sense.
No word on whether Bill Castro and Scott McGregor will remain in the organization. They weren't contacted about the pitching coach or bullpen coach jobs.
Castro replaced Rick Adair as pitching coach on Aug. 15, with McGregor moving to the bullpen.
For most last November, the news that Gilbert Arenas had signed for the Chinese Basketball Association's Shanghai Sharks and Tracy McGrady had done the same with the Qingdao Eagles monopolized the Chinese sports media's coverage. It was a happy occupation: the tone was jubilant and nakedly optimistic, and not a little triumphal. At the time, the country's military was threatening to fill the East China Sea with warships as tensions grew with Japan over the Senkaku Islands, and yet the biggest story to most of China was still the arrival of two thirtysomethings with bad backs, busted knees, and chronically strained reputations. It was a little strange to watch it happen. But, in context, all that hype over these two fading stars made a certain sense.
It's tough to think of any historical process culminating in the arrival of a pair of end-of-the-line former All-Stars, but there was a sense in which the arrival of the duo was a payoff of sorts. Or, if not quite that, at least a milestone in the increasing trend of good-to-once-very-good American players bringing their talents to the Middle Kingdom, a process that started nearly a decade and a half ago with another unlikely historical figure: the undrafted and then-untatted Chris Andersen. A four-month stint with the Jiangsu Dragons in 1999 earned the Birdman $40,000, which will buy a lot of throat tattoos. But, more importantly, Andersen—who finished in China with 17 points per game, 13.5 rebounds per game and 2.7 blocks per game—was probably the first Western athlete to encounter Yao Ming, who was then a unstoppable teenage center playing for the Shanghai Sharks. That the Birdman made it back to the States and became a productive player didn't hurt the league's reputation any, either.
Progress was slow and steady over the next decade, with a few big names taking their talents to the Far East, most prominently Stephon Marbury in 2010. Last year's lockout changed everything, sending various out-of-contract players, most notably Kenyon Martin, J.R. Smith and Wilson Chandler, to China for employment. For a month or so, the CBA was looking decidedly upscale; it was not quite Showtime, but the league did feature a decent percentage of the Denver Nuggets rotation. Then it got weird.
Smith went crazy in Yiwu, an historic but isolated city in Zhejiang province, rarely turning up to training and accruing nearly $1million dollars of finesduring his four month stay. K-Mart bought his way off the Xinjiang Tigers with only half the season played, and Chandler was released by the Guangsha Lions days before the CBA playoffs began once it became clear he had no interest in playing hard during the Chinese postseason. This wide array of not-a-good-looks combined for a cumulative and predictably negative effect: the Chinese public were largely unimpressed at how their hospitality had been exploited, and displeased at how quickly their star-studded league disintegrated.
At this point in their careers, McGrady and Arenas may not be nearly as effective on the court as any of China's sullen ex-Nuggets, but they represented a new beginning all the same—players who appeared happy rather than resigned to being in China. From the league's perspective, it was ideal: here were some familiar and easily marketed stars, each unfamiliarly happy to be there, and each in a position to score points and fill seats. That was back in November, before both players, thanks to injuries and frustration, destroyed their respective teams.
***
It's strange to think that the arrival of Tracy McGrady was probably the highpoint of his time with the Qingdao Eagles. An afterthought for the last couple of years in his NBA career, T-Mac was transported back to the big time in Shandong province. An honor guard of fellow Qingdao players escorted him through a packed airport amid camera crews and screaming fans. It would've been difficult for any player, even the Tracy McGrady of a decade ago, to live up to an entrance like that.
For Arenas though, things were a little different. Initially, the plan was for Agent Zero to sign with the Guangdong Tigers, one of China's best basketball teams and perennial favorites for the CBA title. Already boosted by the return of former player and local hero Yi Jianlian—this is the CBA, and that does count as a boost—bringing in Arenas seemed like icing on the cake. The two-time All-Star obviously thought the same and opened up a Weibo account (the Chinese version of Twitter) to announce that his bags were packed and that he was headed to Guangzhou, the biggest city in Guangdong province and the Tigers' base of operations.
Things didn't go quite as smoothly once Arenas arrived in southern China. For starters, Guangdong were concerned about their trialist's injury record; over a season a short as the CBA's 32 games, this can be an issue. Moreover, the Tigers' are famous in China for boasting the best local players in the league, many of whom play for the Chinese national team; where other CBA teams' game plans revolve around standing back and watching the imports do their thing, foreign players in Guangzhou are expected to buy into the Tigers' team-oriented philosophy. There were concerns that Arenas' shoot-on-sight approach would be a hindrance to the team. Eventually the Tigers, who had been in every CBA finals since the 2002 season, lost interest and backed away, and Arenas was without a basketball job with the start of the CBA season less than three weeks from tip-off. Then Shanghai called.
The Sharks are one of the CBA's founding teams, but remain stuck in the long shadow of their greatest player, Yao Ming. It was Yao who took the team to three CBA finals between 1999 and 2002 and helped beat the Bayi Rockets—then one the most dominant teams in Asian basketball—at the third attempt. When Yao left for the NBA via the 2002 Draft, the Sharks' fortunes plummeted. They lost, and the famously harsh Shanghainese populace largely abandoned them. Bills mounted and the arena stayed empty; bankruptcy was a very real possibility until Yao bought the team in 2009 while still in Houston before returning to run the team full-time after he retired the following year.
The Sharks recovered in spectacular style under new ownership, making the 2009/10 playoffs (their first appearance since 2002) and subsequently bringing in Daniel Panaggio, a veteran coach within the NBA, college and independent basketball, to maintain the momentum in 2011. The soft-spoken but uncompromising American had learned the triangle offense from Tex Winter himself as the head coach of the Quad City Thunder in the now defunct Continental Basketball Association, while Winter was still in Chicago with Phil Jackson and the Bulls. A few years later, Panaggio followed Jackson and Winter to LA and coached the Lakers' D-League team, thus cementing himself as one of the few coaches fluent in the arcane lore of the triangle—a fact of which Yao, who needed a difference maker, was well aware.
Despite some initial opposition in the local press, Panaggio's impact was immediate and undeniable. A team largely dismissed in the 2011/12 preseason as depleted and inexperienced finished with the best defensive record in the CBA and stormed to a playoff spot; Yao had been vindicated. Not quite completely, though: Panaggio's use of the triangle had allowed Shanghai's Chinese players to become key components, but the Sharks still needed a proven scorer to take them deep into the postseason. When Arenas was unexpectedly booted out of the Guangdong training camp, it seemed almost too good to be true.
The trouble was that Shanghai already had their two allotted overseas players on the books—former Charlotte and Oklahoma power forward D.J. White (now with Boston) and swingman Elijah Millsap. For all intents and purposes, Shanghai and Arenas just didn't work. But curiosity got the better of the Sharks front office. They called Arenas in for a tryout and in doing so set off a chain of events that would derail their season.
Word quickly got out via the Weibo feed of Shanghai's team captain Liu Wei, who posted pictures of him training with Arenas at the Sharks' training facilityin the south part of the city. Within hours, the images were headline news in China and every basketball fan in the country was talking about what it would mean when Agent Zero finally pulled on a Shanghai jersey. The team, and Panaggio specifically, were keen to stress this was just a trial, especially given that Millsap, whose brother Paul plays for Utah, was an NBA D-League All-Star the previous season; the Sharks reiterated in public that they were confident in his abilities. All very nice, all the right way to play it, but all more or less hollow. There was no going back. Arenas are going to join the Shanghai Sharks, just as assuredly as McGrady was joining Qingdao.
Liu Wei, entering into his 15th year as a Sharks player, made it clear he wanted Arenas, noting that the team's 2010 playoff run had been built around a backcourt of Liu and a shoot-first combo guard; in that instance, it was Toronto's miniscule, mercurial John Lucas III. A three-time Olympian, boyhood friend of Yao and the last active member of the Sharks team that won the title in 2002, Liu had huge sway with the organization. It became increasingly clear that Millsap, a vaunted free agent signing in his own right, was the odd man out.
It wasn't just Liu who wanted the switch. One only had to look at a newspaper or turn on the computer to see that Arenas' name was in every article on the Sharks for a week. It didn't matter that Tigers had turned him away; rival CBA teams had their big name. Stephon Marbury was in Beijing; Yi Jianlian was in Guangdong, Yao's great rival for a decade; Wang Zhizhi, was still with Bayi. Even lowly Qingdao had the (once) great McGrady. Shanghai wanted their superstar and it seemed all but impossible for the Sharks to say no.
Inevitably Millsap had his contract bought out and Agent Zero was in on a one-year deal. Even then, it seemed like a risky move. Arenas had to return to America to get fully cleared by doctors before signing; Ye Xiangyu, Guangsha's tough-minded GM, whose team had been burned the previous season by Wilson Chandler, publically questioned the move. With Millsap now gone, though, the path forward was clear, for better or worse. Two days before the Sharks' first game away to Beijing, Gilbert Arenas signed his contract and joined his new teammates in China's capital city. Chinese fans had gotten what they wanted in the arrival of McGrady and Arenas. Now they would see what that would mean.
“There are good crises and there are bad crises. Every crisis breaks a deadlock and sets events in motion. It is either a disaster or an opportunity. A bad crisis is one in which no one has the power to make good use of the opportunity and therefore it ends in disaster. A good crisis is one in which the power and the will to seize the opportunity are in being. Out of such a crisis come solutions.”
— Walter Lippmann,
March 7, 1933
The world has experienced one financial crisis after another over the last few decades — runaway inflation, the stock market crash of 1987, the East Asian crisis of the late 1990s, the popping of the dot-com bubble in the face of accounting scandals and, finally, the crisis that led to the Great Recession.
And yet, at least according to the stock market, these have been the golden years. Never have United States stock prices done so well during a 36-year period as they have since 1978.
That one fact is an indication that the world has, on balance, handled the crises well enough — or at least that investors now believe that to be true. This column, which will conclude next week as I end a 26-year career at The New York Times, is an attempt to evaluate those crises and how they were sometimes misunderstood in ways that came back to haunt the world years later.
For Fall Break, which was a month ago (bad at blogging, I know!), we headed to the San Rafael Swell. Blake made a fun itinerary for us that included the Little Grand Canyon. It is located near Castledale; we followed the signs toward Wedge Overlook. Our goal was to get here by sunset and luckily we made it! The entrance and camping is free here which really added a bonus. There is also a bathroom so I appreciated that. We spent some time walking and driving around taking in all the amazing views. We found a nice picnic table and cooked up some carnitas tacos while the sun was going down. Not a bad place to enjoy some tacos!
I really wanted to set our tent up on close to the edge so that I could wake up to the sunrise with the best view. We set it up about three feet from the edge and I was feeling great! About midnight, the wind kicked up and this may have been the scariest experience I've ever had in a tent. Tents are basically parachutes so being stuck in one on the edge of a cliff for about 20 minutes was extremely nerve wracking. Blake and I were holding the corners down and he even threw in a few heavy rocks. We thought we were goners. Luckily the wind subsided and as soon as it did, we jumped out of the tent and carried it over to a safer spot. The next morning, after our scary experience, we enjoyed the beautiful sunrise. We packed up and headed down the road to Goblin Valley. We made a stop along the way at Buckhorn Wash to see a great Indian rock art panel! Stay tuned for the next post on our great rappel into The Chamber of the Basilisk.
Creepers: Grindhouse Film Festival Showings Series Series: Grindhouse Film Fest Film Info Genre: Horror, Thriller Released: 1985 Format: 35mm Rating: R Cast & Crew Director: Dario Argento Cast: Jennifer Connelly, Donald Pleasance Soundtrack: Goblin, Iron Maiden Description The Grindhouse Film Festival presents Dario Argento's Creepers. Creepers (1985) A young Jennifer Connelly stars as a boarding school student with sleepwalking problems and an ability to telepathically communicate with insects. She teams up with a professor (Donald Pleasance) who is investigating a serial killer operating in the area, but before long, the killer is after them, and the movie becomes a surreal cinematic nightmare. Featuring Argento's signature terrifying atmosphere, a soundtrack by Goblin and Iron Maiden, and a chimpanzee out for revenge with a straight razor. 35mm horror trailers before the movie.
We've seen plenty of watches inspired by automobiles, but never one that's actually made from one… until now. The new REC P-51 is mechanical watch, the second from REC watches after their first model which took inspiration from ‘60s Mini. This time, the P-51 is built from salvaged 1960s Mustangs.
While it comes with a cushion – shaped case, it is not only the muscular dial configuration which is unusual but its vintage looking numerical fonts, shapes of hands, fuel gauge like top dial which shows the power reserve (packs 48 hours of power reserve), the speedometer-inspired main dial which denotes the hours, minutes, and seconds as well. Further down, is the mileage look alike date display, moreover, at a point of time, like literally, it shows you the year with unique chassis number of the Mustang at 11 o'clock. There's more, package includes a card which after scanning with your phone, will show you a video of that exclusive Mustang your watch's dial was carved from.
The P-51 comes in three color versions, each with its own look. While the creme dials and blue hands bear a resemblance to vintage Mustang, the black-and-gold version with elegant grey display dials is a bit aggressive looking. Third choice for a car enthusiast to get spoilt comes with a combination of steel case and black subdials striking a sporty vibe.
There are a lot of FPS games out there. Some better than others. One of the key factors of a good first-person shooter is the fidelity of the actual gun play. Does it feel like you are firing a weapon?
Is there a sense that the ammunition is hitting the target or the environment. Games like Destiny and Call of Duty do this very well. You can feel the recoil of a shotgun. The tension of looking down the scope of a sniper rifle. There is no mistaking when you've hit your target.
In No Man's Sky there is a refreshing change to gun play, and some curiosities. We can start by acknowledging that No Man's Sky is not an actual FPS. Not by a long shot (do you see what I did there?). You are not handed an arsenal of different weapons to choose from. Instead, you have a single multi-tool that you upgrade and change on the fly for different tasks. One of those will be to defend yourself.
The Shooting
You use your multi-tool when on the surface of a planet. You can use it to mine resources, blast a hole through a mountain or instill terror in the local wild life. It's this aspect that has brought up a curious question. When watching the footage, we've seen Sean Murray take down some sentinels, a few boulders and some sort of space goat. While watching this, something caught my eye. When firing your weapon, the blast doesn't seem to make solid contact with moving targets. We can see the beam travel to the target but perhaps the impact of the shot is not overtly represented onscreen as it would in other games. I mean to say the goat just seemed to fall over. I could see if there was visible damage but should there be? Is this aspect of the game more or less finished or are we seeing an intentional example of style in the game? I for one do not need to see space goat guts flying around but the gun play did lack a certain satisfaction from seeing your blaster leave a mark.
What do you think? Please leave your comments about what you think about the gun play we've seen so far in No Man's Sky.
A good read? Take a second to support The Galactic Observer on Patreon!
Related
Western Australian Liberal premier backs Barack Obama's call to be bolder in cutting emissions, but Greg Hunt says the government is doing enough already
The federal environment minister, Greg Hunt, has brushed aside criticism from the Liberal premier of Western Australia that Australia's greenhouse gas emissions targets are too soft.
Colin Barnett has backed Barack Obama's call for stronger emissions reductions targets, saying: “We can be bolder in Australia, including in WA”.
He said the US president's speech to students on the sidelines of the G20 summit was “a call to arms, not only to Australia but to other countries, particularly in the Asia-Pacific area”.
“Australia, and I think all of us, do need to lift their game,” Barnett told the West Australian newspaper.
Hunt said Australia was already doing more to tackle climate change.
“We have just passed one of the most significant pieces of climate legislation in Australian history. We are reducing emissions without a tax,” he said of the government's Direct Action policy.
He praised Australia for being one of the few countries that had met and exceeded targets pledged under the 1997 Kyoto protocol.
“We achieved our targets and beat them by 6%. Other countries made pledges and then failed to meet them,” Hunt said.
In the days before the G20 summit in Brisbane, China and the US announced a deal on cutting carbon emissions.
Obama used his address to students at the University of Queensland to urge other countries to act on climate change before it was too late.
“If China and the United States can agree on this, then the world can agree on this. We can get this done. And it is necessary for us to get it done,” Obama said on Sunday.
“I have not had time to go to the Great Barrier Reef and I want to come back, and I want my daughters to be able to come back, and I want them to be able to bring their daughters or sons to visit. And I want that there 50 years from now,” he said.
Barnett said: “Obama appealed to those young people and their applause gave me a message that the younger generation is looking for more to be done on climate change – and I'll tell you that chatting to a couple of politicians leaving afterwards, they had a similar view.”
He admitted it was in Western Australia's interests as a producer of natural gas for the focus to shift from coal.
“While it's a bit of a West Australian view, for me the most effective thing that Australia can do is to ensure that more of our new power generation is at least gas-fired and not coal,” Barnett said.
“That's not popular on the east coast but it's a costless and simple way to reduce emissions to have a power generation system in the future across Australia which is based on natural gas.”
Barnett's comments put further pressure on the prime minister, Tony Abbott, who again spoke in support of coal during a closed door meeting of G20 leaders.
Australia was forced to adopt stronger language relating to climate change in the official G20 communique, despite earlier insisting that the meeting was predominantly an economic forum.
