Can anyone doubt federal judges will bar any immigration action Trump takes—the Constitution be damned?
It's open war between Trump, trying to preserve what remains of America, and Leftist judges and lawyers seeking to replace it with the Third World. The latest tricks: pretend the U.S. Constitution grants, essentially, a right to immigrate to everyone in the world; and that President Trump's executive intent must be judged not by their text, but by what candidate Trump may have said on the stump more than a year earlier.
Trump cannot trust the federal judiciary. The deck is plainly stacked. Both statute and precedent are clear that federal courts have no power to review the president's exercise of his plenary power with respect to immigration. But America now has too many judges who, to advance the multicult and anti-white diversity, will intervene anyway.
Still, the president has other powers—and so does Congress (controlled, although you might not have noticed, by the GOP). One such is Congress's power to except matters from the jurisdiction of federal courts. Another is its power to impeach lawless judges.
At Conservative Review, the indispensable Daniel Horowitz offers a battle plan. Read it all! Here are selected action items:
Congress should pass a concurrent resolution to affirm presidential and congressional plenary power over immigration, and condemning these recent lawless rulings.
Exercise congressional power (provided in Article III, Section 2 of the Constitution) to strip the federal judiciary of jurisdiction in cases seeking to force the entry into the United States of any foreign national whom either of the political branches has chosen to exclude.
Impeach Judges Robart and Watson as well as other judges who violate rules of standing to impose their policy preferences and frustrate the president's or Congress's legitimate exercise of their plenary powers.
Statutorily eliminate lower courts' ability to issue rulings that are binding outside their actual jurisdictions.
Break up the over-large Ninth Circuit! (Horowitz even suggests confining the San Francisco-based appeals court's jurisdiction to a part of California, and moving the rest of its vast area under a new 12th I would break it up into more than two, and I would limit the Ninth to the state of California.
All great ideas. All, in fact, constitutionally redundant, but with Leftist lawlessness perverting the judicial branch all are now needed to begin restoring balance among the branches of the federal government.
Do Republican “leaders” such as Ryan and McConnell have the stomach for such a fight? Does Donald Trump?
Americans had better hope so, or the kritarchy VDARE.com has long warned against will indeed be our fate.
If you can't seem to quit smoking, or have a tendency to become depressed, you might be able to blame your Neanderthal heritage.
After a massive study linking tens of thousands of modern people's medical records to their genetic histories, certain genes inherited from Neanderthals have been linked to psychiatric disorders, blood clotting and addictive behaviors, researchers said Friday.
The legacy of human ancestors from Africa interbreeding with Neanderthals in Europe has left today's people–at least those who come from Europe or Asia–with anywhere from one to four percent of their genes traceable to Neanderthals, scientists announced in 2010.
This study, in the February 12 edition of the journal Science, is the first to compare Neanderthal DNA in the genomes of a large population of adults of European ancestry–some 28,000 people–and their health records to show a “subtle but significant impact on modern human biology,” said the article by John Capra, an evolutionary geneticist and assistant professor of biological sciences at Vanderbilt University.
“Our main finding is that Neanderthal DNA does influence clinical traits in modern humans,” he said.
“We discovered associations between Neanderthal DNA and a wide range of traits, including immunological, dermatological, neurological, psychiatric and reproductive diseases.”
The study found that modern human DNA contains 135,000 gene variants that come from Neanderthals, who disappeared around 30,000 years ago.
They also found that these variants were linked to a higher risk of 12 illnesses, including depression and heart attack.
Specifically, Neanderthal genes were linked to a significantly higher risk of nicotine addiction.
{snip}
Some Neanderthal variants led to increased blood coagulation, which would be helpful in healing more quickly from wounds and preventing pathogens from entering the body.
But today, people with thicker blood have a higher risk of stroke, pulmonary embolism and pregnancy complications.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
When an impulsive fan rushed the Ohio State, Cincinnati football game on Saturday evening, the Buckeyes didn't need to look much further than their strength and conditioning coach, Anthony Schlegel, for a quick solution. The former wrestler , power-lifter, and linebacker for the Jets and Bengals wasted little time in showing the unsuspecting fan what he was all about: Power. Schlegel's swift punishment is the stuff of legend and will surely repel any other field-rushing hopefuls. Check out the move in all of its glory below!The Ohio State Buckeyes went on to win the game over the Cincinnati Bearcats 50-28 in the end.
If there's one thing neocons and Obamaites can agree on, it's the penultimate evil of Vladimir Putin. The downing of MH17 has knitted them so close together that it's hard to tell the difference. No sooner had the airliner hit the ground then, one and all, they echoed the "game-changer" meme first enunciated by The New Republic's Julia Ioffe, the go-to person for media Russophobes. Top Democrats in Congress ranted that what was clearly an accident is an "act of war," not to mention an "act of terror," while Sen. John McCain took the opportunity to agree wholeheartedly – while adding that Obama's "weakness" in the face of Russian "aggression" is really to blame.
Washington is basking in its near-unanimity, and the only competition between left and right is to see who can snarl the most menacingly at the Russian bear. In this frenzied atmosphere, pundits left and right – and even "news" accounts – refer to the fields where the wreckage lies as the "crime scene," the scene of a "murder." And they are pointing a finger not only at the rebels but also directly at Putin – with air cover from the Pentagon, as this New York Times account makes all too clear:
"Rear Adm. John Kirby, the top Pentagon spokesman, said it would have been difficult for separatists to fire the SA-11 without Russian help. ‘It strains credulity to think that it could be used by separatists without at least some measure of Russian support and technical assistance," he said.
"Admiral Kirby raised the possibility that the Russian military had transported the system into Ukraine and even fired it. ‘Whether it was a system that was driven across the border by Russians and then handed off, we don't know,' he said."
What Kirby fails to mention is that Russian expertise is hardly required, since whole Ukrainian army divisions sent in to crush the rebels have chosen to defect rather than fire on their countrymen. There are plenty of rebels with the training to operate an SA-11 or SA-20, but that comment about direct Russian support – "and even fired it" – tells us everything we need to know about this latest chapter in the ongoing US-Russian standoff. They want to pin the blame on Putin, but that is a case that won't stand up in court.
That's because the "evidence" of Russian complicity is flimsy. The SBU, the Ukrainian intelligence agency formerly preoccupied with brutalizing opponents of whatever regime was in power, has come up with a series of "intercepts" that are being played nonstop on American cable television: these purportedly show not only rebel responsibility for the downing but also direct Russian assistance. The playing of the SBU tapes is usually preceded by ass-covering boilerplate that they "could not be independently verified" – with the unspoken addendum that "but, heck, why not broadcast them anyway?" One tape presented as a conversation between a rebel commander and his henchman on the ground was apparently made the day before the plane was downed – sloppy work, but good enough for cable news.
But then again everything seems to be half-ass in Ukraine: nothing much in that country has functioned since the fall of the Soviet Union. This was an accident waiting to happen – and in spite of the certitude in which denunciations of the "criminal" rebels are framed, we still don't know for sure who pulled the trigger. While the Russians have pointed out that the Ukrainian army had anti-aircraft weaponry in the vicinity when the plane went down, it could well be that Washington is correct and the rebels did indeed hit the plane, mistaking it for a Ukrainian fighter. Yet the lesson to be drawn from this isn't what Washington and the screaming meemies of the Beltway are telling us it is.
Unable or unwilling to directly confront its main antagonists – Russia and Iran – Washington has turned to cold war era tactics (and rhetoric), using proxies to fight wars they don't dare fight on their own. In Libya, and now Syria, the US used its supposedly tame jihadists to overturn secular Arab leaders who didn't follow Washington's orders willingly. The big problem with their efforts to recruit suitable proxies, however, is that quality control is lacking.
This is especially evident in Ukraine, where Washington has hooked up with a motley gang of ultra-nationalists, open fascists, and Ukrainian oligarchs. Yet the violent coup that ousted President Viktor Yanukovich was just the beginning as far as the War Party is concerned. The Obama administration has been under attack from fellow Democrats as well as McCainite Republicans to deliver some serious arms to Kiev – as well as the Syrian rebels – and the MH17 incident may well provide the political impetus for him to do so, at least in the case of the former.
This would be precisely the opposite of a rational policy, for if the rebels did indeed down that plane, and if they did get the means to do it from the Russians, then this illustrates the utter stupidity of arming proxies with sophisticated weaponry. Plenty of American-made equipment is showing up on the Iraqi battlefield in the hands of ISIS, and although we're being told it was looted from captured Iraq military facilities, there is good reason to doubt all of it came from that particular source.
In the midst of all this warmongering, the President is coming off as a relative moderate, especially compared to the Republican McCainiacs bent on pouring arms and even US "advisors" into Ukraine (obviously someone has to train the Ukrainians to use them). Meanwhile, Obama – like Franklin Roosevelt in the run up to US entry into World War II – lets others call for stronger action while his relatively rational public pronouncements belie his provocative actions.
The crucial context of this terrible tragedy is the years-long regime change operation conducted by the US in Ukraine, which finally succeeded this year as a democratically elected pro-Russian regime was overthrown – by force – and a government more amenable to Western diktat was installed.
This was accomplished due to both overt and covert support to the Maidan rebels, whose "government" – not recognized by half the country – is now engaged in a brutal military campaign that has wantonly killed civilians in a series of atrocities studiously ignored by the Western media. We started the vicious civil war that is now making Ukraine unlivable: we set off the chain of events that led to the annexation of Crimea – whose people welcomed the chance to opt out of a bankrupt corrupt mess of a "country" – and we alone are responsible for the ensuing internecine conflict that gripped the eastern provinces.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) was presciently correct when he warned:
“Some on our side are so stuck in the Cold War era that they want to tweak Russia all the time and I don't think that is a good idea.”
As it turned out, tweaking Putin was and is a terrible idea – one that has had fatal consequences not only for the people of Ukraine but now also for the 298 victims of the downing of MH17 whose body parts litter the fields of the east.
The shameless exploitation of this tragedy by slavering warmongers like McCain and the gaggle of neocons and "progressives" out for Russian blood is one of the most disgusting displays in many years. It underscores the inability and utter unwillingness of our puffed-up political class to view US foreign policy and its consequences with any degree of objectivity. This blindness, when it is translated into policy, is dangerous: it is like giving someone with 20/200 vision a racing car to drive – or like handing an antiaircraft missile system to some Ukrainian half-wit.
The investigation into who and what caused the crash is focused for the moment on the "crime scene," in areas controlled by rebel forces in the east. Yet the real evidence isn't scattered over those fields of sunflowers but in MH17's last communications with Ukrainian air traffic controllers located in Kiev. Reports that these have been seized by the authorities are not encouraging: nor are the tweets coming from someone of Spanish nationality claiming to be an air traffic controller working in Kiev which say the Ukrainian military shot down the airliner – perhaps mistaking it for a Russian fighter jet. That is all too possible, given the jittery circumstances prevalent on the Ukrainian battlefield.
Regardless of whether those tweets represent anything real – and, like those
SBU intercepts and alleged postings by rebels claiming responsibility for the downing, they couldn't be independently verified – this scenario is perfectly plausible, just as it's entirely within the realm of the probable that the rebels did it. Yet none of this obviates the real lesson of this horrific incident – which is that the superpowers' reckless proxy wars are setting us up for a major conflict, a misstep that could end in starting World War III.
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here. But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud.
I've written a couple of books, which you might want to peruse. Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon (ISI Books, 2008).
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
"For Germany that's really quite hefty, but seen globally a quake of this strength is nothing special," said a spokesman for the Geological Research Centre in Potsdam.
The epicenter of the quake, which struck at 1:43 pm and lasted several seconds, was located near the town of Nassau an der Lahn, some 28 km east of Koblenz. Some stations were reporting the earthquake at 4.8 on the Richter scale.
No damage has been reported although the trembler did set off several alarms and gave people far into the neighbouring state of Hesse as good shaking.
"The entire house was rocking," Alexandra Lederer in Bad Camberg told public broadcaster Hessischer Rundfunk. "There was a loud rumbling and thunder along with the quake."
An aftershock measuring 2.8 was felt some seven minutes later.
On December 23, two earthquakes hit the region around the cities of Mainz and Wiesbaden, jolting residents awake.
The area lies along a seismically active zone associated with the Rhine Rift Valley, which stretches from Basel in Switzerland to the Benelux countries.
Serious earthquakes are rare in Germany, though blasting in coal mining areas of Saarland is known to trigger tremors. A quake measuring 4.0 on the Richter scale in Saarwellingen in 2008 reportedly knocked over chimneys and caused power outages, sparking protests against coal mining.
DPA/kdj
There could be worse feelings to have while competing in the Octagon, but if there are, Charlie Brenneman doesn't know about them.
What he does know is that in the midst of his 2011 fight with UFC 210 headliner Anthony Johnson, he got rocked by “Rumble” but made it to his feet. His legs were somewhere else, though, so he needed a couple seconds to steady himself. Johnson, who faces Daniel Cormier on Apr. 8 in Buffalo, wasn't interested in such a plan.
"It's like sprinting into a brick wall and saying, ‘I can't stop' and boom, you hit the wall.” --Charlie Brenneman on getting hit by Anthony Johnson
“When my shoulder hit the cage, I remember seeing him take that stutter step into his high left kick and seeing his foot leaving the ground and coming to my face, but not having the brain-muscle connection to do anything about it,” Brenneman recalled. “I saw it, like a baseball bat, coming right at my face. It's terrible. It's like sprinting into a brick wall and saying, ‘I can't stop' and boom, you hit the wall.”
Johnson's kick drilled Brenneman and not only ended the fight, but landed on the victor's eternal highlight reel. By then, the Georgia native was already one of the sport's premier finishers, with seven of his 10 pro wins ending via knockout.
Of those seven KO victories, six came in the UFC, where Johnson was a rapidly rising welterweight star. The only man to go the distance with him up until that point was British star Dan Hardy, who was coming off a knockout loss to Carlos Condit when approached with a March 2011 fight against Rumble.
“There was a part of me that thought to myself, ‘I've pissed off somebody in the UFC. I don't know what I've done wrong, but I'm coming off my first ever knockout loss, and they put me against a guy that's never not knocked a welterweight out,'” Hardy laughed. “There's a weird period after getting knocked out where you question whether you can take a shot anymore. My solution was to watch loads and loads of Wanderlei Silva fights because I saw that guy taking shots and walking through them and I knew that I could do that if I needed to.”
This #KOTW comes from the scariest KO artist in the UFC. Need we say more? #UFC210 pic.twitter.com/YT5fE2a4Vg
— UFC (@ufc) March 22, 2017
Not too many traded with Johnson, and those who did pay the price. But Hardy, two fights removed from going five rounds with 170-pound champion Georges St-Pierre, was willing to do so. Yet when “The Outlaw” did meet Johnson, the knockout artist showed off his wrestling skills to drill out a decision win. That doesn't mean Hardy didn't taste some of his opponent's vaunted power.
"His hands - and certainly his leg when he kicked me - feel like it's made out of lead." --Dan Hardy on Anthony Johnson
“With Anthony Johnson, it's a very unusual power that he has,” Hardy said. “And it's not even necessarily power that it feels like; it feels more like weight. His hands - and certainly his leg when he kicked me - feel like it's made out of lead. It feels very weighty. It's the same thing with (UFC vet) Paul Daley's left hook when we used to spar. There was a weight to it. It's almost like your head was a magnet and it attracted this massive chunk of metal to it.”
So even if Johnson didn't get the knockout, he always got the respect of his opponents for his power. And it's not just his opponents that felt it. Former UFC light heavyweight champion Rashad Evans has been Johnson's friend and teammate for years. And over the course of those years, there have been plenty of sparring sessions. And they're not always pleasant.
“You can tell how it's gonna be when he comes to the gym,” Evans chuckles. “If he's really, really quiet, he's in a mood, so you have to keep your head on a swivel because he's coming hard.”
Even against his buddy?
“He tries not to go hard, but then it takes one hard punch that he feels, and then all hell breaks loose and then he opens up and he goes pretty hard,” he said. “I've watched him knock out countless people in the gym.”
That's scary, but what's scarier is that Johnson's power is almost effortless.
“He hits ridiculously hard,” Evans said. “And the thing about it that makes his punching power so unique is that it's effortless. He's not trying to hit hard, he's just swinging and that's the crazy thing about it. Sometimes we're just going light and he'll throw a punch and I'll go, ‘Yo, we're going light.' And he'll say, ‘I wasn't trying to hit hard, I was just swinging.' And he really was. But he's got these heavy, dense bones. And when he hits you, it's not a pain. Usually it's like a thud, and maybe your lights will flash for a little bit. He caught me with a couple of those and I'm like, ‘Woo, we're sparring right now, huh?'”
"And when he hits you, it's not a pain. Usually it's like a thud, and maybe your lights will flash for a little bit ... He's the hardest puncher I've ever experienced, for sure. No doubt about it." --Former champion Rashad Evans on Anthony Johnson
So where would Evans, who has tasted heat from the likes of Chuck Liddell, “Rampage” Jackson, Thiago Silva, Dan Henderson and Glover Teixeira, place Rumble?
“He's the hardest puncher I've ever experienced, for sure. No doubt about it.”
Impressive. Yet what may be more notable is that when weight issues forced Johnson to leave the welterweight division and test the heavyweight class before settling in at 205 pounds, he carried his power with him, as his last five wins have been knockouts of Rogerio Nogueira, Alexander Gustafsson, Jimi Manuwa, Ryan Bader and Glover Teixeira.
After the Gustafsson fight, which Johnson ended in a little over two minutes, Hardy - who does color commentary for several of the UFC's European shows - ran into his former foe.
“I saw him in the hotel and I said jokingly, ‘I'm glad you didn't do that to me. And he grabbed me by the shoulder and said, ‘That's because I like you, man.'”
And that's the thing. As ferocious as Johnson is in the Octagon, he's humble and laid-back outside of it. There are no trash talk wars, no bad feelings with his opponents. But when it's time to go, he's looking to take an opponent's head off, and they know it. Brenneman, who was coming off a career best win over Rick Story when approached with the Johnson fight, certainly did.
“Immediately after I beat Story, I sat down with my team and we objectively looked at everything and said, ‘Who's the best matchup, who's the worst matchup?' And Johnson, we objectively deemed, was the worst matchup. (Laughs) That being said, I was excited for it. I wasn't nervous, I looked at it as another fight and in my mind, I thought I'm gonna win this fight because I'm gonna outwrestle him, push the pressure and tire him out.”
The two did go to the mat early in the fight, but Brenneman got a painful jolt that let him know it was going to be a rough night.
“I was underneath him and I remember for the first time in my fighting life, thinking, ‘Ouch,'” he said. “He was coming from a weird angle, but punching me. And I just remember feeling the impact and thinking, ‘This is not a normal fight with a normal guy.' And I felt it immediately. I was saying, ‘Ouch' in my head, and anyone who fights knows that you don't usually think that or feel that. It's more like just a thud, thud, thud. But when I was underneath, I thought this is a different one.”
How different? Hardy thinks he may be from out of this world.
“Out of everybody I've ever worked with, trained with, sparred, held pads for, nobody hits like Anthony Johnson, they really don't,” he said. “I don't like to throw around the word supernatural, but it doesn't feel like a natural power. It feels like he could quite easily have an X-Men costume on, let's put it that way.”
A non-profit organization has installed the country's first-ever crack pipe vending machines in Vancouver in a new bid to halt the spread of disease in the city's Downtown Eastside.
The Portland Hotel Society has been operating two of the machines – which dispense Pyrex crack pipes in exchange for just $0.25 – in the Washington Market and the PHS's Drug Users Resource Centre for the last six months.
“For us, this was about increasing access to safer inahalation supplies in the Downtown Eastside,” said Kailin See, director of the DURC.
Though many programs provide pipes for drug users in the neighbourhood, it's usually on a one pipe per person per day basis, according to See. Vending machines allow addicts to purchase as many as they need, with each $0.25 per pipe barely covering production costs..
“They don't run the risk of then sharing pipes, or pipes that are chipped or broken,” See said. “Everything from flu, colds, cold sores, HIV: If you cut your lip on a pipe that someone else has been using, there are risks there.”
Appearance-wise, the machines don't look much different than a regular vending machine. Covered in colourful polka dots, the only indication these aren't your run-of-the-mill snack machines is a blue sign at the top that reads “PIPES” in bold red lettering, and, of course, the pipes inside.
“It looks funny, and that's kind of part of it,” See said. “It's making this not look like a scary or stigmatized thing. This is a very important thing for the community and we thought we wanted to make it look really snazzy.”
But it's not all fun and games – the society hopes the machines will spark a broader conversation about the positive benefits of harm reduction.
“This is one piece of the larger puzzle,” See said. “You have to have treatment, you have to have detox, you have to have safe spaces to use your drugs of choice and you have to have safe and clean supplies.”
Mariner Janes, the manager of the PHS' mobile needle exchange, said the concept took about a year-and-a-half of production until the machines were debuted.
So far, response from the DTES community has been positive.
“Through and through, the people that are using the machine and need the pipes are kind of in dire need of the supplies, and really it's a health care kind of item,” he said. “The pipes on the streets themselves can get very expensive, just because they're kind of scarce.”
See said the machine at the drug users centre routinely sells out every week.
But beyond the borders of Canada's poorest postal code, reaction may not be so favourable.
The federal government has shown its disapproval of harm reduction measures when it tried to shut down Vancouver's safe injection site, InSite, in 2008.
InSite survived thanks to a Supreme Court of Canada ruling that upheld the site's exemption under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.
While the machines might only further the perception of the DTES as a community burdened by drug addictions and mental illnesses, those involved hope to see their popularity rise. They're the first of their kind in Canada, according to the society.
“I have had some people say to me, “Ah, only in Vancouver,” Janes said. “I'd like to think that this is not the only place that this could happen. I'd like to see this idea go all over the place.”
A report published last year by the B.C. Centre of Excellence in HIV/AIDS found that from 1996 to 2011, fewer people in the community were using drugs and injecting drugs, and attributed the drop to harm reduction methods.
The study also found that illicit drugs continue to be easily available on the streets of Vancouver, despite policing enforcement efforts.
With files from The Canadian Press
Israeli weapons, airpower, secretly given to Libyan warlord, source claims
August 8, 2017 by Joseph Fitsanakis
Israel is secretly providing military assistance to Khalifa Haftar, commander of the Libyan National Army, one of the factions in the Libyan Civil War, according to a British-based publication. Libya has remained in a state of war since 2011, when a popular uprising backed by the West and its allies led to the demise of the country's dictator, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi. Currently the strongest faction in the ongoing Libyan Civil War is the eastern-based Tobruk-led Government, which is affiliated with the Libyan National Army (LNA). The commander of the LNA is Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar, an old adversary of Colonel Gaddafi, who lived in the United States under Washington's protection for several decades before returning to Libya in 2011 to launch his military campaign.
In February of 2011, shortly after the popular uprising erupted in Libya, the UN Security Council adopted Resolution 1970, which —among other things— forbids the export of war material to Libya. In June of this year, the United Nations accused Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates of violating the embargo by providing secret military assistance to Haftar and the LNA. Now a new report in a British-based Arab news outlet claims that, in addition to Saudi Arabia and the Emirates, Israel too is helping the LNA. Allegedly, Tel Aviv has given the LNA war material and air power support, with the help of the United Arab Emirates.
Published in the London-based Al-Araby Al-Jadeed (The New Arab) newspaper, the report claims that the Libyan strongman has been holding secret meetings with Israel since 2015. The publication cites a high-ranking official in the LNA, who spoke on condition of anonymity “out of fear for his safety”. The source, who is reportedly close to Haftar, told the newspaper that he is personally aware of two meetings held between Haftar and agents of the Mossad, Israel's intelligence agency, in 2015 and 2016. The LNA official said the meetings between the LNA and the Mossad were held in Jordan “in strict secrecy”under the supervision of the United Arab Emirates. Soon after the meetings, said the unnamed official, Israel began to provide the LNA with military aid, including night vision equipment and various sniper rifles. He also claimed that this is known to the LNA fighters on the ground, because there are Israeli markings on the rifles issued to them. The official also claimed that Israel may have secretly provided air cover during at least one of the LNA's offensive in recent years.
The claim of collusion between Israel and the LNA is bound to raise popular pressure against the pro-LNA government in Egypt, which borders with Libya. It will also increase tension between the LNA and Algeria, which borders Libya from the west. According to The New Arab, the government of Algeria issued “a strong warning” against Israel's involvement in Libya, following reports of secret cooperation between the LNA and Tel Aviv.
► Author: Joseph Fitsanakis | Date: 08 August 2017 | Permalink
Advertisements
OSAN AIR BASE, South Korea – US Air Force Tech. Sgt. William Kilgore “loves the smell of toner in the morning,” sources told Duffel Blog today.
Kilgore, assigned to the 51st Fighter Wing's Logistics Readiness Squadron, is regarded by colleagues and superiors alike as a “reckless desk jockey,” often completing his assigned tasks at the expense of hundreds of toner cartridges.
According to Senior Airman Charles “Chef” Yates, the “brash, eccentric office cowboy” puts on several pots of coffee each day, precisely at 0745, 1045 and 1415, all the while humming “Ride of the Valkyries.”
Sources also disclosed that the operatic anthem underscores Kilgore's daily bowel movement at 0910.
“I thought [Kilgore] was a little odd when he cornered me and asked if I liked to web surf,” said Yates. “I knew he was bat-shit insane when he kicked over his chair at the last Cyber Awareness Training brief and shouted, ‘You can either web surf, or you can fight!' before charging out, yelling, ‘To the Keurig!'”
Kilgore, who has bumper stickers that say “We Are the ADMINfantry!” and “Charlie Don't Collate” prominently displayed on his desk, claims to have engaged tens of thousands of reports, memoranda, and FOUO documents at the office's Xerox WorkCentre 3615/DN. He also claims he can “field strip” and reassemble the machine blindfolded in under seven minutes.
“How many copies have I made? There were those six thousand that I know about for sure,” he said. “I made those photocopies. What the hell else was I gonna do?”
Underlying his quirks and maniacal tendencies, medical professionals speculate that Kilgore suffers from extreme PTSD – or Printer Toner Sniffing Dependency – which may have manifested as early as Kilgore's freshman year of high school, when he first joined the Yearbook Club.
“Disneyland? Fuck, man, this place is better than Disneyland!” the peculiar, staple-slinging renegade was overheard exclaiming.
Indeed, Kilgore's olfactory fascination with the acrid pungency of styrene-acrylate copolymer is so engrained, subordinates maintain, that he often hovers wordlessly over the shoulders of fellow airmen at the copy machine, breathing in deeply with a blissful, dreamy gaze, much to their discomfort.
Still, the office is not without crisis, and the melodic hum of the Xerox at work is harshly interrupted from time to time by the jarring sounds of a misfeed.
“I've seen paper jams … paper jams you've seen,” Kilgore said. “But you have no right to call tech support.”
Duffel Blog intrepid reporters Jay-B and Ted Heller contributed to this report.
One of the oldest cities in America, Waltham is located on the Charles River just 10 miles from central Boston. Its easy access to Route 128, the Massachusetts Turnpike, and Route 2—not to mention an MBTA station—makes commuting relatively easy.
But residents don't necessarily have to “head into town” for work; there are plenty of big employers within Waltham, including defense contractor Raytheon, pharmaceutical manufacturer AstraZeneca, and Dutch printing company Cimpress (formerly Vistaprint). It's also the home of both Brandeis and Bentley universities.
The presence of both jobs and academia spells good news for the city's tax base. Diversity is also a plus here: Approximately one in four residents was born outside the U.S. That's reflected in the area's restaurants, especially along Waltham's renowned Moody Street, where you can dine on everything from pho to tapas to tandoori kebabs. —Ismat Sarah Mangla
Find homes in Waltham, Massachusetts on
Movie writer and critic Oggs Cruz shares his top 15 picks for 2016
Published 6:00 PM, January 02, 2017
2016 will likely be remembered as the year when the whole world clamored for change and received it with all its extreme implications.
Riding on an overwhelming wave of discontent citizens who felt betrayed by how Aquino's administration seemed to have abandoned the change it promised, Duterte took over the nation, quickly unleashing policies and actions that made the public know that change has come. Upholding human rights – then a sacred covenant between the government and the people it safeguards – has been overtaken by the need to rid the streets of addicts and criminals. All of a sudden, history, which had been concretized by years of institutionalized education, has become so malleable, with the term "revisionism" being thrown around either in anger or complacency, depending on which side you're on.
Cinema did its part.
It offered escape, eased the conscience, and perpetrated a feeling that everything is, or will be, fine. Romance is still the talk of the town, with films like Mike Tuviera's Imagine You & Me, Dan Villegas' Always Be My Maybe, and Gino Santos' Love Me Tomorrow earning millions of pesos by repeating the timeless mantra that love conquers all. And it has for the most part of the year, except that nearing the end, Vice Ganda and Coco Martin came defiantly marching, armed with Joyce Bernal's The Super Parental Guardians and its dangerous mix of relevance and inanity, reaping profits with its brand of brazen hilarity at whatever cost.
It also exposed truths otherwise drowned by the real world's noise and vitriol. It opened perspectives, rationalizing the madness with discourse that elucidate with both conviction and precision the current state of the nation.
Filmmakers, divided by process, taste, and politics, are united by their need to express opinions. And they did express this with all the might they can muster, turning 2016 into the year when cinema became that beacon of everything that is right in an age when everything feels wrong. The myriad of voices, opinions, themes, and narratives bravely put forward by filmmakers proved that despite the scathing and boisterous discord, there will always be culture to put everything in the arena of productive discourse.
This was most apparent during the Metro Manila Film Festival, which was abruptly reformed from a blatant cashcow into a showcase of intelligent and affecting craftsmanship. Moviegoers, who have been trained by Hollywood and its local copycats to treat cinema as a mere commodity for instantaneous happiness, are now discussing films, debating, arguing, even fighting – all in the name of their personal assessment as to what makes a film good and worthwhile. It is no longer enough that they laugh or cry. (READ: MMFF 2016 revamped: 10 important changes to know)
2016 has produced a lot of gems like Saving Sally, Avid Liongoren's labor of love; How to be Yours, Dan Villegas' ode to love amidst shifting priorities; T. P. O., Joselito Altarejos' scathing examination of a crumbling marriage in a bureaucracy that offers no escape; Tuos, Derrick Cabrido's elegantly weaved portrait of myth merging with reality, and a lot more. So coming up with just 15 movies to sum up an entire year marked by division and diversity is a daunting task.
Here they are:
1. People Power Bombshell: The Diary of Vietnam Rose
Directed by John Torres
John Torres playfully converts the decaying reels that represent the personal trauma of 80's sexy star Liz Alindogan in the hands of legendary director Celso Ad Castillo, into a multi-layered exposé of the oppression that exists both at the filmmaking set and in the country under the Marcos regime.
2. Women of the Weeping River
Directed by Sheron Dayoc
Sheron Dayoc concocts a beguilingly lyrical and emotionally exhaustive exploration of the Mindanaoan conflict through the story of recently widowed Satra, played evocatively by newcomer Laila Ulao. Satra gets trapped in the middle of clan wars, painfully reminding Fatima of the humanity she has lost after suffering the same fate.
3. Hele sa Hiwagang Hapis
Directed by Lav Diaz
Lav Diaz's 8-hour opus merges literature, folklore, and history to dissect a nation conceived from the divisions and fractures resulting from a flawed revolution. Ambitious in scope, context, and for the attention it demands from its viewers, the film is an immensely important work, one that challenges not just because of its length but also due to its ability to confront the sins of the distant past for a nation's current failures.
4. Pamilya Ordinaryo
Directed by Eduardo Roy Jr
Eduardo Roy Jr's third film feels like an exhausting, meandering piece of poverty propaganda, but it is undeniable that the film resonates on an emotional level. Its profoundly comprehensive coverage of a homeless couple searching the city for their kidnapped baby provokes sensibilities, allowing the restoration of some humanity to those whose private lives have become public by societal decay.
5.Oro
Directed by Alvin Yapan
Alvin Yapan bravely recreates the massacre of 4 hapless gold miners in a small village in Caramoan, exposing not just the blatant injustice that was committed against the community but also the discordant definitions of what justice is or should be in a society confused by so many overlapping conflicts and issues.
6. Ang Babaeng Humayo
Directed by Lav Diaz
Lav Diaz once again looks into the past to paint the melancholies of the present. Essentially a revenge movie where a wrongly imprisoned woman, convincingly played by Charo Santos-Concio, plots to kill the man who was responsible for the injustice committed against her, the film morphs into a seething portraiture of a society of outcasts united by shared experiences with institutionalized inequity.
7. Forbidden Memory
Directed by Gutierrez Mangansakan II
In a regime that exploits a national tendency to forget even the most painful of atrocities, Gutierrez Mangansakan II dutifully and unwaveringly presents unadorned, thorough accounts of the Martial Law experiences of people from the margins.
8. Ma' Rosa
Directed by Brillante Mendoza
Brillante Mendoza's film may very well be remembered for Jaclyn Jose's impressively measured portrayal of a shrewd mother who is forced to stomach police corruption. However, the film, even absent the lauded performance, is a relevant work, one that ought to restore humanity to the same people the current administration's drug war has stolen it from.
9. Die Beautiful
Directed by Jun Lana
Jun Lana's film is absolutely endearing. It has just the right amount of humor and drama to elevate the story of a trans woman, played convincingly by Paolo Ballesteros, who even in death wishes to flaunt the queerness that has dealt her brief life with aches and struggles.
10. 2 Cool 2 Be 4gotten
Directed by Petersen Vargas
Petersen Vargas' impressive debut film uses history to drape the coming-of-age of an overachieving teenager who is suddenly forced to face his own sexuality when he is befriended by half-American twins. The sentimentality of the picture is very much pronounced, but it doesn't drown the essential political repercussions of the sordidness and power struggles that pervade the high school romance.
11. Lily
Directed by Keith Deligero
Extensively layered almost to the point of ambiguity, Keith Deligero's third film is one beautiful mystery. Inspired by a Cebuano legend that parents use to scare children to go to sleep, the film expands on the household fiction, turning it into a document on flawed masculinity, of men and their fear of commitment.
12. Sunday Beauty Queen
Directed by Baby Ruth Villarama
It is nearly impossible not to be moved by Baby Ruth Villarama's intensively researched documentary on domestic helpers in Hong Kong who become pageant contestants on Sundays. Compelling from start to end, the documentary proves that truth, when patiently sought out, can trump even the most cleverly crafted fiction.
13. Singing in Graveyards
Bradley Liew's use of rock icon Pepe Smith to play his very own impersonator is more than just clever and ingenious; it is profound. With that one decision, the film unmasks celebrity, forcing a very real person whose fame has turned him into a character, to assess the faults and pains of his own mortality in the face of an immortality his dehumanized legacy has inadvertently granted him.
14. Vince & Kath & James
The love story at the center of Theodore Boborol's film has been told so many times before that it risks being tedious. However, the delightful inflections that he peppers the film with – from the delightful courtship between the two lovers via text messages to the unabashed references to other romances it heavily borrows from – make everything feel brand new.
15. Mercury is Mine
The abundant laughs that Jason Paul Laxamana's black comedy offers come with a hefty price tag. Underneath the amusing bizarreness of the story of a failed mother, played astoundingly by Pokwang, who adopts and eventually falls in love with a blonde, Caucasian drifter is a scathing commentary on the country's love-hate affair with America, which has taken the spotlight after the current administration's drastic shift in foreign alliances. – Rappler.com
In Part 2, we identify 5 more key weapons to beat the scammers in 2009: Internet Scambusters #318
Last week we listed five important steps you can take to beat the scammers if they try to take you on in 2009.
In this article, we add another five — making 10 in all — with a particular focus on identity theft, the biggest scam of all.
By taking these simple precautions, you can substantially reduce the risk that you'll lose your money, your identity, or both, to the villains.
Before we get started, we suggest you visit last week's most popular articles from our other websites:
2 Easy Tips for Getting out of Holiday Credit Card Debt: Tips to remedy that holiday credit card debt you might find yourself in.
4 New Year's Resolutions to Help Prevent Identity Theft: Make some resolutions about how to prevent identity theft for you and your family.
Winter Safety Tips that Could Save Your Life: Things you need to do to stay safe this winter, whether the storm of the century hits you or not.
Time to get going…
A New Year's Resolution: 10 Top Tips To Beat the Scammers — Part 2
We want 2009 to be a scam-free year for all our subscribers, so we're offering some of the most valuable tips to beat the scammers, for you to add to your New Year's resolutions.
Last week, we listed five simple things you can do to cut the risk of being scammed:
Be skeptical — trust no one, even friends and family who may be innocent accomplices. Don't click on links or attachments — always check them out first. Use your eyes — watch what goes on around you and always check the small print. Take your time — don't be rushed into making decisions or signing documents. Know the rules — so you'll know if someone offers a deal that's actually illegal.
Read the full issue at A New Year Resolution: 10 Top Tips To Beat the Scammers — Part 1.
This time we complete our list with five more tips. Most of them specifically relate to identity theft. You can find out a lot more about this evil crime by checking out other Scambusters articles and by visiting our Identity Theft Information Center.
Now, on with our tips list…
Tip #6. Protect your identity
Again, it may sound obvious, but you'd be amazed at how many people are careless with information that can be used by criminals to pass themselves off as their victims.
For a start, that means taking special care of documents and other items you carry around with you — like credit and health insurance cards. Keep them out of sight and out of reach. Never leave them in your car, and leave those you don't need, like your Social Security card, at home.
Equally, don't be too generous with information about yourself on the Internet, especially on social networks liked Facebook, MySpace, LinkedIn and Twitter. Disclosing info like your address or phone number, your employer and your educational and career history, all provide valuable background for ID thieves.
Tip #7. Monitor yourself
In Tip #3 we mentioned the importance of checking the details of your bank and credit card statements to provide early warning of identity theft. Well, that's just the start of the whole process of monitoring the activities of those who keep records about you.
You also should take advantage of your entitlement to get a free report on your credit rating once a year from each of the three major credit reporting agencies — again so you can spot anything unusual. Also check out your medical and employment records and keep a close eye on your tax records — all of these are used by scammers in building up stolen identities and, sometimes, even assuming the full identity of victims.
Sound like too much trouble? Don't have the time? Then consider enrolling with a company that will monitor your credit activities and issue an immediate alert if someone tries to pass themselves off as you.
Tip #8. Stay up to date
Crooks want to break into your computer, usually to steal confidential information they can use for identity theft, and sometimes so they can take control of your PC and link it into their network of spamming and scamming machines.
To beat the scammers, it's not enough to have Internet security installed. It must be completely up to date, since new viruses appear every day.
Make sure your security software (you do have it, don't you?) is set to automatically update.
But sometimes even that isn't enough. Hackers can worm their way into your computer using what are known as “exploits” — techniques that take advantage of security weaknesses in other programs like Internet browsers, email programs and even the commercial office and graphics programs we use.
To keep ahead of the rogues, software firms constantly update their applications. Make sure you either auto-update or regularly check — usually via the Help menu — for new versions.
Tip #9. Speak up
It sounds kind of obvious that when you're unsure about what you're doing you should seek advice and that when things go wrong you should ‘fess up and tell someone.
But many people are often too embarrassed to admit they need help — with using the Internet, for example — or to report a scam to law enforcement when they get conned.
That's what the scammers count on — ignorance and silence. After all, the fewer people who know how to spot their tricks or report their crimes, the more likely they are to get away with it.
If you feel uneasy about an unfamiliar situation online, always seek advice — even if you just Google for help. And if, sadly, you get scammed, report the incident immediately; then the crook is not only more likely to get caught but he (or she) is also less likely to be able to use his (or her) ill-gotten gains.
By alerting law enforcement you may also be helping to prevent other people from getting caught by the same trick.
Tip #10. Read Scambusters — and spread the word!
It's no coincidence that Scambusters is the #1 online source of information about Internet and associated frauds. We work hard to provide the best scam reports, and we've been around for far longer than most.
When the media want a scam expert for an interview or sound bite, they frequently call on us. We've been listed independently among the most useful and user-friendly sites. And our service is free (helped by earnings from sponsors, advertisers and other sites, which we encourage you to support).
In these hard-pressed economic times, it's more important than ever to take action to beat the scammers. And you can be sure we're looking out for you and will report on their latest tricks.
So, in addition to following our 10 tips, we ask you to do three things for 2009:
Continue to subscribe to Scambusters to keep up to date.
Look back regularly through our list of articles to keep yourself informed about all types of scams.
Tell your friends and relatives about Scambusters, so we can help them too.
Help yourselves, help each other — and let's beat the scammers in 2009!
That's a wrap for this issue. Wishing you a great week!
☆ ☆ ☆
Twilight Sparkle
The Lady of Magic, the Balance Between, the Sorceress.
Intermediate deity
Alignment: LG
Domains: Magic, Protection, Law, Good, Knowledge, Purification
Portfolio: Magic and magic users, leaders, archivists, diplomacy, time, students.
Symbol: as cutie mark.
Twilight is the most powerful of the gods besides the four Greater Deities. She represents the balance between the gods of good, and harmonious work in general. She is also the emblem of hard work and knowledge, though not necessarily wisdom. A popular deity, she is found on the mortal plane surprisingly often - usually in libraries.
Check out this amazing Pony Pantheon by ~Saphroneth to see other deities' descriptions.
☆☆☆
Alicorn Twilight Sparkle - the Princess of Magic.★Main six Alicorn Princesses series, here it is Twillie ^w^ her jewelery is similar to that of Celestia, 'cause, you know... she's Twilight. XD★Other Main Six Alicorn Princesses:So... hope you like it.*-*
In Italy, where hard economic times have made water shutoffs for the less fortunate more common (like some American cities we know), a new type of Robin Hood-style hero has emerged. Carrying the tools of their trade—and some rather ingenious disguises—anonymous, self-styled vigilante plumbers are turning the water back on in homes where the utility companies have stopped the flow. As the Corriere della Sera reports, these handymen turned social activists carry out their campaign disguised as the world's most famous plumber, Super Mario.
In recent months, local utility companies have cracked down on late payments, creating a minor crisis for Italy's underemployed. Some 25 percent of households in Rome are in arrears, according to the latest numbers. Fighting for what they see as “the right to water,” these Super Mario Bros investigate the more than 200 requests they get a day via social media, determine who is actually eligible and worthy, and task their mask-wearing members to undo what the utility companies have done. Of course, in addition to being unquestionably noble, it's highly illegal—hence the masks.
It seems Italians may have to become familiar with the odd sight of anonymous Marios tooling away at pipes. Water rates are expected to rise 10 percent during the next two years, while the Organization for Economic Co‑operation and Development projects a steady unemployment rate of over 12 percent over the same period.
Abstract
Background and objectives Slumped posture is a diagnostic feature of depression. While research shows upright posture improves self-esteem and mood in healthy samples, little research has investigated this in depressed samples. This study aimed to investigate whether changing posture could reduce negative affect and fatigue in people with mild to moderate depression undergoing a stressful task.
Methods Sixty-one community participants who screened positive for mild to moderate depression were recruited into a study purportedly on the effects of physiotherapy tape on cognitive function. They were randomized to sit with usual posture or upright posture and physiotherapy tape was applied. Participants completed the Trier Social Stress Test speech task. Changes in affect and fatigue were assessed. The words spoken by the participants during their speeches were analysed.
Results At baseline, all participants had significantly more slumped posture than normative data. The postural manipulation significantly improved posture and increased high arousal positive affect and fatigue compared to usual posture. The upright group spoke significantly more words than the usual posture group, used fewer first-person singular personal pronouns, but more sadness words. Upright shoulder angle was associated with lower negative affect and lower anxiety across both groups.
Limitations The experiment was only brief and a non-clinical sample was used.
Ex-Red Hot Chili Pepper guitarist John Frusciante has had a lot on his plate as of late: releasing his latest solo album Enclosure; teaming up with Omar Rodriguez-Lopez to form Kimono Kult; reissuing his Brown Bunny soundtrack; and even venturing into space. Now, there's one more project to boast: working with Duran Duran on their latest LP.
In a post on their official website, D&D confirmed rumors that surfaced on the web yesterday. “We were holding this exciting news because we were hoping to give you full details when we announced,” the band wrote, “but as word has leaked out, catching us rather off guard, we wanted to confirm.” According to publications that covered the initial rumors, Frusciante confirmed the collaboration himself in an as-yet-unreleased interview with Japanese Guitar Magazine.
While the band is holed up in an undisclosed location writing and recording, Frusciante has been “doing some work from his home base in California on our new album,” Duran Duran explained. “The tracks have been going back and forth via the internet, and we are thrilled with the results. We are all such big fans of John's work and are honoured to have him adding his magic to the record!” So, could this mean Frusciante joins the band on tour at some point? “There are no current plans for John to tour with us, but his guitars sound incredible on the tracks.” Aww shucks.
Serving as the band's 14th overall studio album, and follow-up to 2010's All You Need Is Now, the band began work on the record in March 2013. In addition to Frusciante, the album is purported to feature vocals from the Voce Chamber Choir and London Youth Chamber Choir. They're also reuniting with producer Mark Ronson, who encouraged them to “go authentic and use the gear you used on Rio.”
In a recent interview with Classic Pop magazine, bassist John Taylor likened the recording process as “very much like an office job.” In describing the album's sound, Taylor said, “We didn't go in trying to capture a particular style, it's a more organic process. But it does have all the ingredients of a classic Duran album – danceability and great lyrics and hocks, as well as atmospheric parts.”
According to Duran Duran fansite Duranasty, who've spoken directly with various members in recent months, the album could be released sometime in September.
Below, revisit All You Need Is Now‘s title track:
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
CIA won't disclose lobbying reports
The Central Intelligence Agency won't make public lobbying disclosures by its contractors, claiming that release could compromise classified information or intelligence sources and methods.
In a response to a POLITICO Freedom of Information Act request, the CIA could "neither confirm nor deny the existence or nonexistence of records" related to federal government contractors and their lobbying activities.
The grounds? "The fact of the existence or nonexistence of requested records is currently and properly classified and is intelligence sources and methods information that is protected from disclosure," the agency wrote.
Any company or entity that receives money from the federal government is required to file an additional, supplemental lobbying disclosure form.
That form is on top of the typical lobbying disclosures filed with the House and Senate that are well known to journalists, researchers and K Streeters.
Those additional disclosures — called OMB form LLLs — plainly state that they should be made available to public inspection.
But the federal government never created a central repository for researchers to request or view the disclosure forms.
Most agencies had never heard of the forms when contracted by POLITICO, but lobbyists who work for contractors say they do get filed as part of grant applications or bids for government contracts.
After asking more than a half-dozen offices and agencies for their contractor lobbying disclosures, POLITICO requested those lobbying disclosures for major tech and telecom companies in a FOIA request in July.
Only the National Security Agency and the CIA have responded so far. In an August response, the NSA denied having any records for telecom or tech companies.
"No records responsive to your request were located," the NSA wrote.
The Department of Justice and Defense Department have not yet responded to POLITICO's FOIA.
Apartment complex proposed for former GR Social Security office Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved 50 College Ave. SE in Grand Rapids. (June 30, 2016) [ + - ] Video
24 Hour News 8 web staff -
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) -- A construction company has submitted a proposal that would turn the former Social Security office in Heritage Hill into an apartment complex.
The current proposal from Orion Construction would create about 80 one and two-bedroom market-rate apartments on the 2.3 acre site, located at 50 College Ave. SE in Grand Rapids. The plan shows five individual buildings that are two to four stories tall.
Also included in the plan is about 95 parking spaces and a plan to preserve and re-purpose the two historic structures on site.
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved A rendering of the proposed apartment complex for 50 College Ave. in Grand Rapids. (Courtesy Orion Construction)
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved A rendering of the proposed apartment complex for 50 College Ave. in Grand Rapids. (Courtesy Orion Construction)
The building at 50 College, between Fulton and Cherry Streets has been vacant for several years since the district office for the Social Security Administration relocated to Knapp Street NE.
"We've been looking at this property for four or five years," Ryan Wheeler, the vice president of development for Orion, told 24 Hour News 8 Wednesday. "It's extremely exciting to finally have the ability to get a project going here."
Orion's proposal was presented before the Heritage Hill Zoning Committee on Tuesday. The next step is a meeting with the Historic Preservation Commission on July 6 for an advisory review.
The Historic Preservation Committee has recommended the main, non-historical brick building be torn down, but there are two historic buildings on the site that were built before 1923.
"We just want to be respectful of the Heritage Hill Association and obviously the restraints of the Historic Preservation District and try to find a plan that everyone and as many people as possible are happy with," Wheeler said.
He said the company has had success doing that elsewhere, like with its Gateway at Belknap, Eastown Flats and Fulton Square developments.
"We take a lot of pride in the way we work with neighbors and create projects that work for everyone," Wheeler said.
If everything goes smoothly with the Historic Preservation Commission and moving forward, Orion hopes to break ground on the 50 College development next spring.
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Renderings of the proposed apartment complex for 50 College Ave. in Grand Rapids. (Courtesy Orion Construction)
Carolina Panthers coach Ron Rivera, left, and general manager Dave Gettleman look on during practice Friday, Jan. 29, 2016, in Charlotte, N.C. (Photo: Chuck Burton Associated Press)
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Dave Gettleman calls it his “blind date.”
The day after Gettleman was hired as Carolina Panthers general manager, the head coach that he inherited at his owner's behest picked him up for a get-to-know-you breakfast at a local pancake joint.
For more than 2 hours, Gettleman and Ron Rivera traded football stories and talked about team-building philosophies as they sipped coffee, and when they shook hands and parted ways, the new GM made the old coach one promise.
“I told him we were going to be collaborative, I was going to get players, I was going to listen,” Gettleman recalled at Super Bowl media night Monday at the SAP Center. “I told him we needed to get bigger and stronger on the interior. And I told him I promised him I'd listen. Then at the end of the conversation, I looked at him, I said, ‘I'll make you one promise and one promise only, that's I'll do everything I can to make this work.'”
Three years after owner Jerry Richardson arranged what could have been an uncomfortable marriage between Gettleman and Rivera, the Panthers are the toast of the NFL and a few days away from playing in their second Super Bowl.
They've won three straight division titles, have the league's probable MVP and, in many ways, serve as a blueprint for what the Detroit Lions are trying to accomplish with Bob Quinn and Jim Caldwell.
Quinn, like Gettleman, came to the Lions in a GM search led by consultant Ernie Accorsi and inherited a coach in Caldwell with whom he had no previous relationship.
Quinn said at the Senior Bowl last week that he and Caldwell spent 10 to 12 hours over two days getting to know each other, and he ultimately decided to keep Caldwell as coach because they shared a similar vision for the Lions.
Gettleman had no say over Rivera's future when he got the Panthers job. Richardson announced that his coach was returning before he hired a GM.
But coming off of a 15-1 regular season, Gettleman said the secret to their success together has been a working relationship rooted in trust.
“For Ron and I, none of it was difficult,” Gettleman said. “And I'm not just saying that. We haven't had a cross word with each other yet. The biggest thing is it's professional. And we listen to each other. He listens to me. He says something, I'm listening. I say something, he's listening. And we respect each other's ability to do our individual jobs. And it just works. We have a lot of the same philosophy. And we just get along.”
The Panthers of 2013 and the present-day Lions aren't the only teams to pair a holdover coach with a new GM in recent years. The results have been mixed.
Washington made a similar decision after hiring Scot McCloughan as general manager last year and promptly made the playoffs this season. But the Miami Dolphins and New York Jets kept their coaches after recent GM changes, then overhauled things a season or two later.
Gettleman said he understands why most GMs make sweeping changes when they take over. There is a reason they're being hired, after all.
But he said his years in the personnel department with the Buffalo Bills taught him an important lesson about evaluating everyone on their own merit.
“I see people come in and just blow things up,” Gettleman said. “Just think about it. You got somebody working for you, you fire them for whatever reason. You bring the next guy in, how long is it going to take you to train the next guy to get him caught up to the guy you just fired? It takes time. It doesn't happen overnight. Well, now that time you took to get the next guy ready, you lost three, four, five, six months.
“They've done studies, when the economy goes down, some companies will lay off 150, 200 people. Now, when everything gears back up, they got to go hire 150 people. They might have been better off just saying, 'Everybody, listen, we got to cut your salary or we got to (work) four-day weeks,' something so that, when everything starts getting ramped up again, their force is ready to roll.”
Gettleman did make some philosophical changes in Carolina when he came aboard, especially in the way players are evaluated. But he also kept much of the Panthers' personnel department in place. Assistant GM Brandon Beane, college scouting director Don Gregory and pro director Mark Koncz all are longtime employees of the organization.
Quinn has made more visible changes in Detroit, hiring several of his ex-New England Patriots colleagues to prominent front-office positions and firing a handful of the Lions' longest-tenured staff members.
Rivera said continuity is a big part of the Panthers' success, and he offered one piece of advice for teams such as the Lions that go through similar not-quite-wholesale changes.
“I think the biggest thing, more than anything else, is we communicated,” Rivera said. “We talked about things. We had open dialogue. He didn't come in and blow things up. He came in and listened, and I think that was important. He talked, I talked. He listened, I listened. And we continue to do that. And at the end of the day, when we make a decision, it's not because it's his decision or my decision, it's because we've gathered the information and, at the end of the day, we walk away feeling good about our decisions.”
Contact Dave Birkett at dbirkett@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @davebirkett.
Download our free Lions Xtra app on your Apple and Android devices.
BALTIMORE (WJZ)— Police have issued an arrest warrant for a man wanted in the assault of two elderly people back on May 4th in Baltimore.
Police say 20-year-old Darrell Johns robbed an elderly couple at gunpoint inside their home located in the 100 block of Rochester Place.
John and Rosalie Sellman recounted the terrifying experience to WJZ saying they were attacked after arriving home from an evening out.
RELATED: Elderly Couple Followed Into Baltimore Home, Robbed At Gunpoint
“The next thing I know I hear the door slam and this guy is standing just about on top and has a gun to my head,” said John. “The gunman kept yelling, “I'm going to kill your wife,” John says.
Johns wife, Rosalie says, “I just gave him the money and he said, ‘this isn't enough' and I said, ‘that all there is.'”
The suspect later fled the scene on a bicycle.
Neither of the victims were injured in the incident.
Anyone with information on Johns' whereabouts is asked to call police at (410) 396-2422.
For the past three summers, Tanya Fields produced a veritable cornucopia of fruits and vegetables at the Libertad Urban Farm in the South Bronx. But then disaster struck: “We got burglarized three times by a crackhead. He took everything. The pears, the grill – anything he thought had value. He knocked down the shed, destroyed the tomato vines and stole the eggplant.”
These difficulties are surely a setback, but they have not dulled Fields' commitment to the issues of food justice and food equality, an emerging aim of community-focused activism across the US sometimes described as “communities exercising their right to grow, sell, and eat healthy food”.
The terminology of food justice may help to draw attention to the striking parallels between poor nutrition, discrimination and reduced life expectancy. According to a 2011 study by the Food Research and Action Center, low-income families are 30% more likely to be overweight or obese due to lack of access to quality fruits and vegetables.
Fields, who has worked as a community activist in the Bronx for more than a decade since being squeezed out of a rapidly gentrifying Harlem, says the concept isn't new, just the term. “We didn't call it food justice before – we called it survival. We attached some fancy vernacular, but really it's just the same shit we've been talking about for years.”
The Bronx, she says, isn't so much a food desert as it is a food swamp. Hunts Point, the nation's largest food distribution center, is a few minutes' walk away from her kitchen garden, yet the neighborhood stores betray the signs of a low-income neighborhood.
“There's the cake spot, the McDonald's spot, the Burger King spot, the cuchifritos spot. But you go into the one grocery store and the food there will cost you disproportionately more as a poor person, and that's a function of a globalized and commodified food system we want to change.”
Fields, a mother of six in her mid-thirties, founded the garden project under the umbrella organization, the BLK ProjeK, a group she founded eight years ago as a response to what she calls “structurally reinforced cycles of poverty, and harsh inequities ... that result in far too many women being unable to rise out of poverty and sustain their families.”
Fields, like her counterparts in Brooklyn, are looking to create micro-hubs. Fields calls it “a mash-up of social entrepreneurship and philanthropy”. The Bronx project might not be strictly self-sustaining, but neither is agriculture itself, which relies on vast government subsidies for a system of food production “that has only made us sicker”.
Fields' group is just one of dozens springing up, among them the National Black Food & Justice Alliance, Rooted in Community, Bed-Stuy Campaign Against Hunger, as well as other organising groups and publications. In New York, GreenThumb, a division of NYC Parks Department and the largest community gardening program in the nation, estimates that 87,000lbs of food is produced in the 553 community gardens it oversees.
As part of New York mayor Bill de Blasio's Building Healthy Communities initiative, the city recently upped the number of GreenThumb gardens in underserved neighborhoods with limited access to healthy food. The new grants include gardens in East Harlem and Bedford-Stuyvesant and the H.E.A.L.T.H for Youths garden on police department property.
But even as community food production programs gain in number, the overall picture is darkening. The Trump administration recently threatened cuts to a program aimed at improving nutrition among low-income women and children and to roll back the healthy school lunch program championed by Michelle Obama. Earlier this month, the former first lady responded forcefully to the new administration's effort
“Think about why someone is OK with your kids eating crap,” Obama offered bluntly.
Fields says the president has created more noise around the subject of food justice but also more fear. “This wasn't as partisan an issue, yet he's come in and started talking about ways you can continue to starve poor kids.”
According to community organizer Beatriz Beckford of the National Black Food & Justice Alliance, the disparity in access is often down to food producers assuming lower income people wouldn't buy fresh food if it were available their communities.
At the same time, community gardens are often harbingers of gentrification. They are created to assist the very disadvantage groups that end up being pushed out of those areas.
“It's a very political space rooted in a narrative that goes beyond the issues of food,” Beckford observes. Her work in this sphere was once focused on appealing to local businesses, elected officials and school boards to change the way systems of distribution worked. But over the years she began to see the issues differently.
“The food system is working the way It's supposed to work. It was largely built on the exploitation. We need to think about food justice in terms of building local and national systems that deconstruct the old system and build a new, less elitist and exploitative one.”
For Tanya Fields' Libertad Urban Farm, the current focus is to replant and secure the garden so that last year's damage is not repeated. She is balancing reaching out to New York Women's Foundation and Ford Foundation about grants and assistance with an underlying belief that community projects should be lead by the community.
Fields surveys her garden. It's going to take renewed time and effort to get it back into shape. “Food injustice is a symptom of a larger disease which happens to be economic exclusion. It's about how we build our communities without ready social, educational or financial capital.” A delivery of soil, expected soon, will be a good place to start.
The deployment of smart meters has left Julie Johnston dumbfounded.
CenterPoint Energy, which is both the Houston area's electric transmission company and its natural gas provider, is installing smart meters on homes across the greater Houston area with the promise that they will spark an array of electrical innovations, from more flexible billing to quicker recovery from disasters like hurricanes.
For that promise, residential customers are paying more than $3 a month for the next 12 years. But, in yet another hidden cost of electric deregulation, if you also buy natural gas from CenterPoint, you will wind up paying even more.
With smart meters, CenterPoint will no longer require meter readers for its electric distribution business, which the company says will eliminate meter reading costs and partially offset the $3 monthly charge.
In the past, though, CenterPoint's meter readers read both gas and electric meters, and the costs were shared among the two divisions. Now, gas customers will pay for all meter reading costs, and because there are fewer gas customers than electric customers, those reading costs will rise.
Johnston, who's the administrator for the city of Dickinson, said many customers there are on Texas New Mexico Power's transmission grid and buy natural gas from CenterPoint, which means they will bear the higher meter reading costs without receiving any benefit from the smart meters.
“I am going to be absorbing all of the CenterPoint Electric smart meter cost on the gas side,” she said. “I'm not ever going to see that in terms of electric smart meters.”
CenterPoint spokewoman Alicia Dixon said it's actually the other way around. For more than a decade, natural gas customers like Johnston have had lower meter reading costs thanks to the electric side of the business.
A dollar a month
The joint meter reading grew from a 1997 agreement between the parent companies of the former Houston Lighting & Power and Entex, Dixon said, adding that currently gas meter reading costs about $1 a month for most customers.
“As new, advanced electric meters are deployed, the joint meter reading subsidy that Houston-area natural gas customers have enjoyed for more than 10 years will no longer be justified, and gas customers will bear their full share of meter reading costs going forward,” she said.
The difference for gas customers isn't huge. The Gulf Coast Coalition of Cities, which represents 43 smaller communities in the Houston area but not Houston itself, estimates electric meter reading costs would decline by $800,000 a year among its members, while gas meter costs would rise by about $2 million, according to an analysis the group filed with the Texas Railroad Commission. In other words, customers who buy both gas and electricity from CenterPoint will see overall costs rise by about $1.2 million annually.
On a per-customer basis, that works out to about $2.50 a month more per household for every $1 in savings on the electric side, or a total increase of about $1.50, the analysis found.
“This is just offensive. This is absolutely unacceptable,” Johnston said. “While it may be a dollar or two this time, you add that to the rest of the dollars that have been tacked on, it starts adding up.”
Laura Spanjian, director of the office of sustainability for the city of Houston, said the city hasn't studied the issue yet.
One more irritant
For many customers, smart meters are the latest irritant from Texas' muddled electric deregulation law. They had to pay upfront for installation of the meters in the hopes of future savings. Now, they find out even that trade-off isn't what it appears, because the higher gas metering costs are perpetual.
Smart meters, it seems, come wrapped in the latest example of deregulation's deceptions.
Loren Steffy is the Chronicle's business columnist. His commentary appears Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Contact him at loren.steffy@chron.com. His blog is at http://blogs.chron.com/lorensteffy. Follow him on his Facebook fan page and on Twitter at twitter.com/lsteffy.
During the presidential campaign, Democrats “were peddling” the most salacious Trump dossier allegations to news reporters, a new documentary about the dossier revealed on Friday.
“People associated with the Democrats were peddling that story,” NBC's Ken Dilanian said in a special report that aired on MSNBC host Rachel Maddow's show.
Dilanian was referring to the unsubstantiated claim in the dossier that Trump used prostitutes during a trip to Moscow in 2013. According to the dossier, which was written by former British spy Christopher Steele, the Kremlin had video evidence of the hotel room encounter and was using it to keep Trump in line.
“There really was no way you could prove it,” Dilanian said of the Trump gossip.
Dilanian did not provide additional insight into whom the Democratic associates were who told him of the dossier's illicit allegations so it is not known whether he was referring to the Democrats who funded the dossier or to Fusion GPS, the opposition research firm hired to investigate Trump.
WATCH:
The Clinton campaign and DNC jointly paid Fusion GPS for the project.
While Dilanian's comment is not a complete surprise — the allegations about Trump were an open secret in Beltway journalist circles last year — it undercuts denials made both by Democrats and Fusion GPS's founder about interactions with the media.
Clinton campaign officials have defended their funding of the dossier by arguing that the unverified report was used as a roadmap to look into serious allegations against Trump rather than as a piece of opposition research aimed at smearing the Republican.
No officials with the Clinton campaign and DNC have acknowledged knowing about the dossier at the time Steele was working on it. And the lawyer who hired Fusion GPS to investigate Trump has denied pitching allegations in the dossier to reporters.
Campaign chairman John Podesta has denied knowing about the dossier at all. Clinton herself also says she was not aware of the dirty document until after it was published.
Campaign manager Robby Mook has dodged questions about what he knew of the dossier. He has suggested that he signed off on the expenditure to the campaign's law firm and received briefings on certain information. (RELATED: Robby Mook Discusses The Dossier)
Marc Elias, who as general counsel for the campaign and DNC hired Fusion GPS, claims he did not brief reporters on the dossier.
“While he was certainly familiar with some, but not all, of the information in it, from the research that was being done, he didn't have and hadn't seen the full document, nor was he involved in pitching it to reporters,” a source close to Elias recently told CNN.
Glenn Simpson, the co-founder of Fusion GPS who directed the dossier project, has denied that he briefed reporters about the dossier. In an interview last month with the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Simpson said that he did not brief reporters about the dossier until this year.
It is known that Fusion GPS directed Steele to meet with reporters while he was working on the dossier.
Steele has revealed in court papers filed in London, where he lives and where he is being sued, that Fusion GPS directed him to meet reporters at various news outlets, including The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN, The New Yorker, Yahoo! News and Mother Jones. (RELATED: New Details Emerge About Fusion GPS's Media Outreach Campaign)
Reporters with Yahoo! and Mother Jones eventually published stories based on Steele's unverified allegations.
Another surprising revelation from Maddow's documentary is that a State Department official named Jonathan Winer discussed Steele's Trump project with the retired spy last summer.
“At some point in Summer 2016, I heard from Mr. Steele that he had this project related to Russia which implicated contacts between Russians and people associated with…candidate Trump's campaign,” said Winer, who served as U.S. Special Envoy for Libya until this year and previously served in the Bill Clinton State Department.
Winer said that he first met Steele in 2009 and knew that he had provided investigative materials to the State Department and FBI.
Winer would be the second government official outside of the FBI known to have met with Steele. The ex-MI6 agent briefed the FBI beginning in July 2016. He had several contacts later in the year.
It was revealed this week that Bruce Ohr, a top Justice Department official, met with Steele prior to the campaign. Ohr was stripped of his title as associate deputy attorney general reportedly because he kept his meetings with Steele a secret. He also met with Simpson shortly after the campaign.
Maddow did not mention Ohr in her documentary.
RELATED: JIM JORDAN LAUGHS AS CNN SPREADS FAKE DOSSIER NEWS RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIS FACE!
Follow Chuck on Twitter
The risk for further volatility in prices can the countered with periodic deposits in non-leveraged instruments.
The price for crude oil has dropped by more than 50% since peaking in June of 2014. In this article, I will go through the arguments that show strong evidence that the current oil price of below $50 per barrel is irrational in economic terms and can therefore be argued to be politically manipulated. This has huge implications on investment opportunity caused by this market distortion.
Source: Investing.com
Political Factors are Shadowing Demand and Supply Economics
Starting in February 2014, Russia's activities in Ukraine and Crimea have caused extreme tensions in the relations between Russia and Western countries. This has resulted in a variety of economic sanctions on each other at both sides.
At the same time, ISIS has extended their operations in the Middle East, namely Iraq and Syria. ISIS is also seen by many Western countries as a threat due to close connections with Al-Qaeda and a number of recent incidents in France and Belgium among others.
Both Russia and ISIS have great interests in keeping the price of oil as high as possible. Both are involved in selling crude, although with ISIS through less legitimate means than Russia.
Due to the above, oil price is a powerful tool to influence both Russia and ISIS. OPEC knows that ISIS is not good for their business. The US, with increasing energy independence through shale oil production, has also increasing leverage in determining the price of oil.
Stabilizing Ukraine is high on the agenda of Europe and the US. To put it shortly, a new Cold War would not be good for business anywhere, especially in the West, as China seems to be the only real beneficiary of this struggle.
Source: Energy.gov
Some would argue that the US would not want to danger the profitability of their shale producers, especially when considering the outstanding debt levels and the possible domino effect that defaults would have on financial institutions.
However, I argue that for the US government, all this is just calculated risk.
Firstly, leaving shale oil 'in the ground' is like money in the bank. The oil will not disappear and technology will develop further to make extraction cheaper.
Secondly, restructuring of the shale industry will make the industry more efficient, hence making the break even price for US shale oil lower.
Thirdly, the government knows that the prices will return to normal levels instantly when the supply surplus is corrected. It is worth noting that the current surplus is only around 1% of the total oil produced, according to EIA. This is approximately 1 million barrels per day.
The Saudis alone produce around ten million barrels per day, over 10% of the global production. We can assume that by cutting production by around a million barrels per day, which is 10% of the Saudis' production, the surplus would disappear. This would correct the price level back, probably to around 80 USD per barrel. The economic benefits are clear: 60% increase in price with 10% lower volume.
Source: IEA.org
With such a small correction in production volume, it just does not seem convincing that Saudis want to protect their market share by not cutting volume.
The facts discussed above suggest a political motive in keeping oil prices low by both the US and OPEC. As we all know, the Saudis and the US have mutual understanding on policy since the 70s, when the Petrodollar deal was made.
Economic Factors Always Win in the Long Term
The demand for oil is probably not going to decrease any time soon. With alternative energy sources we can start controlling our consumption of oil, but currently oil is a critical part of our energy sources. Oil is still the basis for the modern world and material well-being.
As long as the total population is growing and living standards are improving, oil consumption will increase. We shall see how quickly we can switch to other energy sources, but currently it seems like a long time to replace oil.
Source: "World energy consumption" by Con-struct
Another fact that suggests that we are hooked on oil is that economic crises do not seem to have a big impact on oil consumption. Even huge swings in oil prices do not impact the total consumption. This is because there simply is no alternative.
As the current megatrends of population growth, urbanization and improving standard of living are in favor of increased oil consumption, so need to be the investments for further oil production capabilities. Even though oil can be produced with a break even point of as low as 20 USD per barrel, many oil producing countries have government budgets to worry about - and not many other exports to replace oil income.
Source: Wall Street Journal
In the case of Russia, according to The Wall Street Journal, Russian budget breaks even when oil price is 98 USD per barrel. Many oil producing countries need oil prices even higher than Russia. Most of the OPEC countries are suffering with oil prices below 65 USD per barrel.
In the US, shale producers and their financiers, which is over half of all US oil producers, want to be seeing oil prices above 80 USD per barrel.
Time Frame for the Correction in Oil Prices
When the pieces of analysis are put together, there is a clear case for higher oil prices. Budget cuts do not seem realistic as a long term solution nor will technology develop fast enough to replace oil or current production techniques.
Trying to guess the exact time for the market bottom is gambling. So from an investment strategy point of view, spreading your investments over a period of time is wise.
Personally, I expect to see a shock correction in oil prices within a year. A safe assumption for a maximum time frame could be 36 months. In other words, I base the investment decisions outlined below on the assumption that crude oil price will return to 80 USD per barrel within a maximum of 3 years.
Expected return within this time is expected to clearly exceed general index gains.
Some oil traders are currently storing millions of barrels of oil at sea. In the big picture, these volumes are irrelevant and are not a significant buffer to have a real effect on the time frame.
Investment Opportunities and Strategy
Based on the assumption that oil prices will correct back to normal levels within 3 years, I have chosen a number of oil related instruments which give a diversified, but low cost and high upside exposure to the oil market. Another important factor was also to find companies that have the ability and resources to survive even a prolonged slump in oil prices. I leave checking the company specific key figures to each reader.
I would advise against leveraged instruments. Further volatility in the price of oil as well as the general market is to be expected. Unfortunately leveraged instruments play against the investor in this kind of environment. If you have to leverage, do it the old school way of an investment loan.
Due to the suspension of many investment projects by oil companies, there will be a race to catch up with the 'pre-crash' production capability plan. Currently, production capability is not being invested in as was before the price crash.
With increasing global demand, as shown above, there will be the eventual need for the exploitation of new sources for oil. This will provide upside for oil extraction technology companies, of which more below.
From oil companies, I would favor Chevron (NYSE:CVX) and possibly BP (NYSE:BP) due to their strong financial positions, as well as high dividend yield. ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM) is probably one of the safest bets in this sector, however, with a lower dividend yield and upside in the stock price.
Source: Rystad Energy
In terms of companies that provide services to oil companies, I find the deepwater and ultra deepwater drilling related companies the most interesting. If the assumption is that the oil price will return to around 80 USD per barrel, this sector would return to profitability quickly. Many of these companies have been hit very hard by the market, losing up to 75% in value, like Seadrill (NYSE:SDRL), make them very interesting for investor with higher risk tolerance. Another interesting deepwater drilling company is Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG) with less gearing compared with Seadrill.
In addition to direct stock picking, a good low-cost diversification instrument is the ETF. An interesting one with low costs (Total Expense Ratio, TER) and favorable holdings portfolio is the iShares US Oil Equipment & Services ETF (NYSEARCA:IEZ) with a TER of 0.43% per annum. Another strength for this particular ETF is that two of it's biggest holdings are Schlumberger Limited (NYSE:SLB) and Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) with weighting of 20.85% and 9.25%, respectively. These companies are in a very strong position to both surviving the price slump, and benefit from opportunities arising during and after the slump.
In terms of countries benefiting from low oil prices, China has already seen a rally due to falling oil prices. It may be time to take the profits from such ETFs as Deutsche X-trackers Harvest CSI300 CHN A (NYSEARCA:ASHR) and switch to other emerging areas. One possible emerging market with attractive valuations is Indonesia. Diversified exposure can be gained through iShares MSCI Indonesia (NYSEARCA:EIDO).
An obvious beneficiary of rising oil prices would be Russia. Exposure to that market provides for example Market Vectors Russia ETF (NYSEARCA:RSX) with a good portfolio and cost structure. The Norwegian index of Oslo Stock Exchange is also very oil heavy, which provides an opportunity through a suitable low expense index fund.
Risks
Diversifying to other countries, such as Russia and Norway, may be justified due to speculation on the demise of the Petrodollar. There are already signs that Russia may be preparing to abandon US Dollar as their oil trading currency. If this was to happen, shocks would follow and dollar would suffer, but then, owning solid companies outside of the US would not be a bad idea.
On the other hand, China, as well as many of the oil producing countries hold a lot of US dollars denominated bonds. They would not be too happy about a crashing US dollar. Therefore they need to stay loyal to the Petrodollar arrangement.
Another risk is that there really is a slump in aggregate demand in China, Europe or possibly globally. This is something that has to be considered on global level and what is the real effect on the total demand for oil.
As discussed above, the demand for oil is not decreasing any time soon. There is always growth somewhere around the globe and even though consumption of oil has probably peaked in many developed economies, it certainly has not peaked in the developing economies that still see significant population growth and improving living standards with limited access to alternative energy technologies.
Finally, there is the possibility of more conflict. Widespread conflict however seems unlikely. Local conflicts may have a negative impact on overall sentiment, but depending on the geography, this may also be trigger for higher oil prices. In any case, in case of a widespread disaster, physical gold might be the only asset worth holding.
To sum up, risks for further downside seem limited. Of course, oil prices may still continue lower, but this can be countered by spreading investment transactions over a period of many months.
Conclusion
The global demand for oil is not going to decrease nor is there a significant surplus of oil at this time. The price of oil currently is below break even for most oil producing countries, as well as companies. This suggests a political distortion in the market. The need for further investments in oil production capacity is mounting, as projects are suspended due to the artificially low oil price.
Starting to execute a diversified investment plan with purchases at regular intervals (i.e. periodic deposits) during the next 6 to 12 months is justified. The strategy is not without risk, but with a well thought out diversification of companies, geographies and currencies, investors can limit the risk while still keeping the upside potential very attractive.
Disclosure: The author is long SDRL, IEZ, CVX, RSX, EIDO. The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Michael Hamilton is a libertarian writer living in Washington, D.C. His main interests are economics, drug legalization, immigration, and land-use policy.
“The plans differ; the planners are all alike.” — Frédéric Bastiat
It's common to hear libertarians pejoratively referred to as “Republicans who smoke pot,” the idea being that libertarians don't really favor freedom in areas where it would lead to outcomes they do not like. For the most part this is false. There is one policy area, however, where this is an accurate criticism: land-use policy. On this issue, the dominant libertarian narrative does not live up to its name.
The narrative, to put it briefly, is that most Americans prefer detached, single-family homes, and zoning laws reflect this for the most part. Save for eliminating certain regulations aimed at curbing sprawl that make homes expensive such as open space rules or growth boundaries, it says policymakers should avoid making major changes to traditional zoning laws lest we fall into the hands of the “planners” and have to live under “smart growth” policies. The narrative associates suburbs, homeownership, and cars with mobility and better living. Libertarians main goals, so it goes, should be relatively inexpensive (or at least not “artificially expensive”) single-family homes and decent traffic. Note that libertarians who support traditional zoning do not consider themselves planners
This narrative is not only wrong, but distinctly unlibertarian. Before I attack it, two small concessions:
First, smart growth is something that libertarians should oppose for both philosophical and utilitarian reasons.
Second, a lot of Americans do choose to live in single-family, detached homes. For the past seventy years, most residential buildings have been single-family, detached homes, and this is unlikely to change in the future. While I think the location and number of single-family homes was altered by government interventions, I don't think that everyone will live in dense neighborhoods absent these interventions.
However, demonstrating that smart growth is not a libertarian urban development strategy, or that suburbs are vibrant, is insufficient to demonstrate that traditional zoning is a free-market or libertarian policy. In addition, this narrative conflicts with the most common conceptual frameworks libertarians use for understanding policy—public choice theory, spontaneous order, and rule of law.
The first problem with the ‘libertarian' work on land use is the way it is framed. According to them, there is a struggle between people who support traditional zoning and single-family homes, and smart growth advocates imposing urbanism on others.
A libertarian shouldn't care one way or another about how people choose to live so long as they do not victimize others. Whether American cities take the form of Gotham or Mayberry, libertarians should instead care about the process through which this is accomplished. One of the most basic tenets of libertarianism is that market processes—which involve voluntary interactions between millions of individuals—should direct economic action.
Writers like Wendell Cox, who has written for libertarian organizations Reason Foundation and Foundation for Economic Education, constantly critique smart growth for causing home prices to rise and say these are the “predictable” outcomes of government intervention. Somehow, it escapes their attention that traditional zoning is likewise a government intervention with predictable, similar, outcomes.
For libertarians, the basic unit of social analysis is the individual. Zoning, with its attendant restraints on voluntary action and market processes, pits the individual against the state. This is true whether or not the state actors who control zoning prefer suburbs (traditional zoning) or dense cities (smart growth). Both approaches determine lot sizes, parking policies, height limits, and setback requirements through the political process. Both require developers who wish for an exception to the rules to go through a costly entitlement process
The preferred policies of most ‘libertarian' land use writers suffer from what F.A. Hayek called the knowledge problem. Support for traditional zoning because it delivers the type of city that one prefers might sound plausible to conservatives, but it should sound like an out-of-tune piano to a libertarian ear. As Hayek wrote,
“The peculiar character of the problem of a rational economic order is determined precisely by the fact that the knowledge of the circumstances of which we must make use never exists in concentrated or integrated form but solely as the dispersed bits of incomplete and frequently contradictory knowledge which all the separate individuals possess. The economic problem of society is thus not merely a problem of how to allocate “given” resources—if “given” is taken to mean given to a single mind which deliberately solves the problem set by these “data.” It is rather a problem of how to secure the best use of resources known to any of the members of society, for ends whose relative importance only these individuals know. Or, to put it briefly, it is a problem of the utilization of knowledge which is not given to anyone in its totality.”
Cities—like economies, languages, and law—function best when they result from Hayek called spontaneous order. Rather than affirm the kind of development people want, land-use regulation has instead supplanted the only mechanism that could possibly tell homebuilders what people want: the price system. Zoning has distorted the price signals that owners of capital would employ to determine how to put their land and existing buildings to use because zoning has designated almost all desirable land as off-limits to any kind of development other than what it is currently used for. At the same time, people choosing where to live face different prices and types of housing than would have been offered by the free market. The result is an inefficient, man-made mess.
Central planning, i.e. zoning, causes resources—land, building materials, money, and time—to be spent inefficiently. Not only would a market have allocated all of these resources more efficiently than city planners could have (i.e in a spontaneous order), but our cities would have taken a largely different shape over the last 86 years. It is impossible to estimate the scope and magnitude of the losses incurred throughout the economy, but these are the unseen costs that libertarians routinely warn of in other policy areas. So too should it be with land use policy.
A Hayekian approach should also make a libertarian wonder how traditional zoning advocates were able to determine what people want, and whether traditional zoning has delivered it. As economic information is dispersed across millions of people all over the country, and their preferences for housing to purchase or build is weighed against every other option and also against every other good they desire, I suspect that no single person could ever determine such a thing. That preferences and populations are constantly changing makes such a determination even less likely.
Land use regulation, as carried out in most cities, is also incompatible with the libertarian concept of rule of law. As Hayek outlined in his greatest work, Law, Legislation, and Liberty, Volume One, a free society should be “restrained only by rules of just conduct of universal application” and is most likely to achieve the ends valued by individuals under such an arrangement. Or, as David Boaz put it, the law should “not aim at any particular result or outcome.”
Zoning codes, and the permitting process that accompanies construction, are the antithesis of this concept of law: anyone who wishes to build or remodel a building has to go through a process that will, at some stage, require a bureaucrat or commission to approve or deny a plan based on his subjective judgement or tastes, with the goal being to ensure a particular outcome or type of city.
Land use regulation can seem, at first glance, to be primarily based on general rules. This is the case in places like cities like Washington or Houston (often falsely cited as having ”minimal land use restrictions”). However, these cities usually create such restrictive rules that many desirable, standard land uses fall outside the “as of right” development allowed by law, and force developers to seek a variance. Depending on how far outside of the code individuals wish to build, they are subject to different levels of discretion by local bureaucrats. In some cases, when developers wish to build far outside of what is allowed, they have to go through the nightmarish “planned unit development” process, as they call it here in D.C. As libertarians have pointed out in regard to criminal justice, discretion invariably leads to corruption. Even if it were the case that city planners usually approve buildings that exceed zoning codes, public choice theory suggests it would be foolish going forward to rely on the benevolence of the state instead of creating rule-based laws that respect individual's rights to develop their property.
One reason zoning laws are so popular is that they give people within a political jurisdiction what amounts to a veto over any project that they do not like, or that they feel will change the character of their neighborhood. In the absence of this arrangement, these same people would either have to purchase the land in question or compensate developers to prevent them from building projects that don't suit current residents' tastes. Instead, zoning allows them to stop development for free, in what amounts to stealing through regulatory takings.
It is important to note here that the types of land use regulation preferred in the dominant libertarian narrative do not primarily address legitimate problems such as nuisance or other harms that libertarians rightfully seek to address in law. Nor does it deal primarily with ensuring that developers do not overwhelm public utilities or pass negative externalities onto third parties.
When viewed through these conceptual frameworks, the policy supported by the dominant libertarian narrative isn't all that different from the authoritarian smart growth policy that it opposes. These ‘libertarians' shouldn't be surprised that the state apparatus they want to control land use is operated by people with differing goals at least half the time. An actual libertarian policy alternative would move towards a development process that is rule-based and focused on the rights of individuals, not particular outcomes such as single-family homes, density, sustainability, or walkability—whatever the merits of each.
Contrary to what is often written on land use policy, I see no reason why people who enjoy suburbs should necessarily oppose those who support density and urban living. Under free-market conditions there is room for both to live as they please. The only caveat is that the market will determine where skyscrapers and single-family homes are built, and that people would have to pay the full costs associated with living in either arrangement.
We need only to agree to let others live as they choose. Shouldn't this be the default position for libertarians anyway?
__________________________________________
Post-script: I am obviously not the first libertarian to write about this issue, and I have barely touched the economics behind it. For ongoing, in-depth coverage, I suggest following Emily Washington and Stephen Smith at www.marketurbanism.com. For academic work, I suggest papers by Ed Glaeser, and GMU's Alex Tabarrok has a book on this issue. Matt Yglesias, full-time non-libertarian, is libertarian on housing policy.
Foreign Policy In Focus is partnering with Mexico's La Jornada del campo magazine, where an earlier version of this commentary appeared, to publish a series of pieces examining the impacts of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) 20 years since its implementation. This is the first in the series.
The North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, was the door through which American workers were shoved into the neoliberal global labor market.
By establishing the principle that U.S. corporations could relocate production elsewhere and sell their products back into the United States, NAFTA undercut the bargaining power of American workers, which had driven the expansion of the middle class since the end of World War II. The result has been 20 years of stagnant wages and the upward redistribution of income, wealth, and political power.
A Template for Neoliberal Globalization
NAFTA impacted U.S. workers in four principal ways.
First, it caused the loss of some 700,000 jobs as companies moved their production to Mexico, where labor was cheaper. Most of these losses came in California, Texas, Michigan, and other states where manufacturing is concentrated (and where many immigrants from Mexico go). To be sure, there were some job gains along the border in the service and retail sectors resulting from increased trucking activity. But these gains are small in relation to the losses, and have generally come in lower paying occupations. The vast majority of workers who lost jobs from NAFTA, therefore, suffered a permanent loss of income.
Second, NAFTA strengthened the ability of U.S. employers to force workers to accept lower wages and benefits. As soon as NAFTA became law, corporate managers began telling their workers that their companies intended to move to Mexico unless the workers lowered the cost of their labor. In the midst of collective bargaining negotiations with unions, some companies even started loading machinery into trucks that they said were bound for Mexico. The same threats were used to fight union organizing efforts. The message was: “If you vote to form a union, we will move south of the border.” With NAFTA, corporations also could more easily blackmail local governments into giving them tax breaks and other subsidies, which of course ultimately meant higher taxes on employees and other taxpayers.
Third, NAFTA drove several million Mexican workers and their families out of the agriculture and small business sectors, which could not compete with the flood of products—often subsidized—from U.S. producers. This dislocation was a major cause of the dramatic increase of undocumented workers in the United States, putting further downward pressure on North American wages, particularly in already lower-paying labor markets.
Fourth, and ultimately most importantly, NAFTA created a template for the rules of the emerging global economy, in which the benefits would flow to capital and the costs to labor. Among other things, NAFTA granted corporations extraordinary protections against national labor laws that might threaten profits, set up special courts—chosen from rosters of pro-business experts—to judge corporate suits against governments, and at the same time effectively denied legal status to workers and unions to defend themselves in these new cross-border jurisdictions.
The U.S. governing class—in alliance with the financial elites of its trading partners—applied the NAFTA principles to the World Trade Organization, to the policies of the World Bank and IMF, and to the deal under which employers of China's huge supply of low-wage workers were allowed access to U.S. markets in exchange for allowing American multinational corporations to invest there. The NAFTA doctrine of socialism for capital and free markets for labor also drove U.S. policy in the Mexican peso crisis of 1994-95, the Asian financial crash of 1997, and the global financial meltdown of 2008. In each case, the U.S. government organized the rescue of banks and corporate investors while letting the workers fend for themselves.
A Watershed in U.S. Politics
In U.S. politics, the passage of NAFTA under President Bill Clinton signaled that the elites of the Democratic Party—the “progressive” major party—had accepted the reactionary economic ideology of Ronald Reagan.
A “North American Accord” was first proposed by the Republican Reagan in 1979, a year before he was elected president. A decade later, his Republican successor, George H.W. Bush, negotiated the final agreement with Mexico and Canada.
At the time, the Democrats who controlled Congress would not approve the agreement. And when Democrat Bill Clinton was elected in 1992, it was widely assumed that the political pendulum would swing back from the right, and that therefore NAFTA would never pass. But Clinton surrounded himself with economic advisers from Wall Street and in his first year pushed the approval of NAFTA through the Congress.
Despite the rhetoric, the central goal of NAFTA was not “expanding trade.” After all, the United States, Mexico, and Canada had been trading goods and services with each other for three centuries. NAFTA's central purpose was to free American corporations from U.S. laws protecting workers and the environment. Moreover, it paved the way for the rest of the neoliberal agenda in the United States: the privatization of public services, the regulation of finance, and the destruction of the independent trade union movement.
The inevitable result was to undercut the living standards of workers all across North America: Wages and benefits have fallen behind worker productivity in all three countries. Moreover, despite declining wages in the United States, the gap between the typical American and typical Mexican worker in manufacturing remains the same. Even after adjusting for differences in living costs, Mexican workers continue to make about 30 percent of the wages that workers make in the United States. Thus, NAFTA is both symbol and substance of the global “race to the bottom.”
Creating a New Template
Here in North America there are two alternative political strategies for change.
One is repeal: NAFTA gives each nation the right to opt out of the agreement. The problem is that by now the three countries' economies and populations have become so integrated that dis-integration could cause widespread dislocation, unemployment, and a substantial drop in living standards.
The other option is to build a cross-border political movement to rewrite NAFTA in a way that gives ordinary citizens rights and labor protections at least equal to the current privileges of corporate investors. For example, all three NAFTA nations should adopt similar high standards for the protection of free trade unions, collective bargaining, and health and safety—and their citizens should have the right to sue other countries for violations.
This would obviously not be easy. But a foundation has already been laid by the growing collaboration among immigrant, trade unionist, human rights, and other activist organizations in all three counties.
If such a movement could succeed in drawing up a new continent-wide social contract, North American economic integration—instead of being a blueprint for worker exploitation—might just become a model for bringing social justice to the global economy.
I recently came across this beautiful metta, or loving-kindness meditation by the dhamma teacher Venerable Visuddhàcàra One could certainly call it a prayer, although in Buddhist prayer there is no appeal to a supreme being. Rather, it's a deep and earnest aspiration and wish for happiness from one being's heart to the hearts of all sentient beings:
May penetrating light dispel the darkness of ignorance.
May all kamma be resolved and the mind-flower
of wisdom bloom in Nibbàna's eternal spring.
May all those who are afflicted be affliction-free.
May they be serene through all their ills.
Even if bodily afflictions do not subside,
may we all be healed in heart and mind.
May all beings live in peace and harmony.
May they have health and wealth and comforts and friends that are true.
May they have skills, talents, and knowledge
and sweet success in all that they do.
May they have joy and happiness in abundance.
May all beautiful, great and noble virtues of—generosity, love, kindness, compassion, patience, fortitude, tolerance, forgiveness, honesty, courage, strength, energy, resolution, determination, resilience, perseverance, consideration, humility, gratitude, contentment, composure, serenity, wisdom, understanding and equanimity—be theirs.
May they attain full wisdom and enlightenment. May they be liberated from all suffering.
Why do you have to show photo ID for EVERYTHING — except voting?
The government can force you to purchase the private product of the greedy insurance cartel, but it can't require you to show photo ID in order to protect the integrity of your vote, which is the foundation of a free society. So says America's federal judiciary, upon which we have bestowed the sole rulership over the Constitution. This time, the court's attack was on the Texas voter ID act.
There are very few things the GOP actually tries to accomplish. We must understand that unless the courts are reformed, all of them will be “struck down.” The courts do not have a constitutional judicial veto on public policy issues, but we have accepted this notion of judicial supremacy over political issues. It is imperative that we act to change that.
Last July, the normally semi-sane Fifth Circuit ruled in a 9-6 opinion that Texas's 2011 photo ID law violated Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act, asserting that the law was passed with discriminatory intent. At the time, Judge Edith Jones wrote a scathing dissent in which she accused the majority of fanning “the flames of perniciously irresponsible racial name-calling.” Earlier this year, the Supreme Court declined to grant Texas relief from the injunction.
In response, the Texas legislature modified the bill on a number of occasions to comport with the court's demands.
On Wednesday, U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos of the Southern District of Texas, an Obama appointee, put an injunction on the now-revised Texas voter ID law, asserting that it violated the Voting Rights Act because … you guessed it … somehow, only blacks and Hispanics are incapable of obtaining a photo ID, in the eyes of this enlightened judge.
Acting as the supreme god of Texas, Judge Ramos had “vetoed” the bill a total of five times over the past few years, even though Texas comported with the criteria set forth by the Fifth Circuit.
Pursuant to the Texas law, a voter must show poll workers one of seven valid photo identification cards in order to vote. And, as is the case in all other states with similar laws, the state will provide identification to those rare few individuals who lack any of those IDs, free of charge. Evidently, that is racist in the eyes of the race-obsessed judiciary. So the state legislature modified the bill to allow voters to present other forms of non-photo ID, such as utility bills and bank statements, provided that they sign an affidavit swearing that a “reasonable impediment” prevented them from obtaining a photo ID.
This should cover everyone. Right?
Well, according to Judge Ramos, because the bill prescribed a 180-day jail sentence for anyone caught lying on such an affidavit, it is tantamount to “voter intimidation” and “discriminatory.” Evidently, it's too much to ask that people don't lie, and evidently, only racial minorities are prone to doing so.
Teddy Roosevelt once said that “there is no enemy of free government more dangerous and none so insidious as the corruption of the electorate.” The notion that a state, which has almost full authority over the methods and procedures of elections, may not prevent voter fraud by requiring the same proof of identity to protect the franchise as to obtain the most mundane products and services in life is scandalous. That the courts would use the cause of civil rights, which was designed to prevent legitimate disenfranchisement of blacks, as a weapon to disenfranchise the entire electorate at the hands of rampant fraudulent voting is downright offensive.
This is no joke. There is a growing and dangerous trend in which lower courts are codifying their perverted sense of “disparate impact” and their racialized agenda into law. It's outrageous enough for one to posit such an argument on a political level, but to codify such language into our laws and Constitution — and take the issue away from the people — is unforgivable.
As we've observed ad nauseam over the past few years, lower courts are created by Congress, and every morsel of power they wield is derived from statute, not the Constitution. Congress has a number of options at its disposal to rein in the courts, but here are just a few:
Congress can strip the courts of any power to adjudicate any case challenging the validity of a voter ID law or other voter integrity laws. That power should rest solely with state supreme courts. As a baseline, the Election Clause (Art. I, §4, cl. 1) vests states with the power to regulate the times, places, and manner of federal elections. Speaking at the Virginia Ratifying Convention, James Madison defended this arrangement because “[i]t was found necessary to leave the regulation of [federal elections], in the first place, to the state governments, as being best acquainted with the situation of the people.” Even though the second half of the Election Clause grants Congress the right to regulate elections when necessary, it's important to remember that this was only to be in extraordinary circumstances (Hamilton, Federalist No. 59); that the federal courts have no power over enforcing this issue; and that it was primarily for the purpose of ensuring that elections are indeed held and that Congress is not abolished altogether by the states (Hamilton). It's time for Congress to use its power both over the courts and over election law to return such issues to the states and state courts. Congress can amend Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act to explicitly allow states to pass photo ID laws. This issue has consistently garnered super-majority support in every poll. How hard is it for Republicans to explain to the American people why we must show a photo ID to purchase Sudafed but not before voting? Why should non-citizens vote illegally in elections? Congress can severely limit the rules of standing so that courts do their job of adjudicating cases where there is a legitimate individual right at stake for a specific plaintiff and the grievance is real, not just speculative. This is the difference between the courts exercising judicial power over individual cases and controversies and nullifying laws directly, a power they manifestly don't have. At present, third-party groups, such as the NAACP and the Mexican American Legal Defense Fund, are able to directly shoot at laws and use the courts as a veto. They dredge up straw-men plaintiffs with vague, broad grievances. There is no legitimate evidence that a significant number of individuals can't obtain photo ID from the state or are harmed by simply telling the truth on an affidavit. If the courts actually functioned the way they should, they would never grant standing to such political chicanery, and in the rare event that they see a need to grant relief, it would be done on an individual basis, not in the form of “striking down” commonsense laws.
The courts are on a rampage. In recent days, they have granted unprecedented rights to illegal aliens, blocked deportations, codified sanctuary cities, further distorted marriage and sexuality, and blocked some of the president's regulatory changes. Just yesterday, the Ninth Circuit said that a football coach can't pray publicly. The federal court in D.C. is set to decide whether the president can keep transgenderism out of our military. And most of these cases never make it to the Supreme Court, and by the time they do, so much judicial momentum has accrued that Kennedy and Roberts feel the pressure to go along with the transformations in fashion.
Thus far, the Senate has only confirmed three circuit court nominees, and most of the remaining vacancies are either replacing good judges who retired or will not swing a circuit. Unless Congress begins showing the lower courts who are boss, we should just cancel the midterm elections. Control over Congress and over 30 state governments is meaningless if we continue to grant lower courts a monopoly over our Constitution, our society, and our culture.
The filmmaker behind the controversial documentary 'India's Daughter' has launched a public appeal to mobilise a protest during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the UK later this month.
Leslie Udwin wants to bring together "hundreds, if not thousands" outside Wembley Stadium in London during his mega Olympics-style address to the Indian Diaspora on November 13 to demand the ban on the film be lifted in India.
The 58-year-old British filmmaker, whose documentary about the gang-rape of a young woman in Delhi was banned in India, said in her message via email and social media: "We need to work toward the lifting of the ban on the film in India and we urgently need your help. This one is a really urgent one, and time is short to achieve it.
"Indian Prime Minister Modi comes to London on a state visit around 12th November, and on 13th November he is addressing a massive crowd at Wembley Stadium.
"I would love to see hundreds (if not thousands) of protesters, holding placards calling for him to lift the shameful ban on the film, and lift the shame off India."We have very little time to mobilise, but I have every confidence that together we can get enough crowds to make a splash."
Pointing to high-profile supporters of her cause such as Meryl Streep, Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon, Gloria Steinem, President Joyce Banda and Sir Ken Robinson, Udwin described the film as an important "journey towards gender equality".
She added: "Step one will be to find out exactly when and what time the Wembley event at which PM Modi will address a full stadium, will take place.
"Next you will need to liaise with the police in order to declare that we will hold a protest and make whatever arrangements need to be made for this. We would also ask if you could start contacting organisations with our call to action.
"They will then of course have to be asked to spread the word amongst the networks, and be told to ask people to make placards and bring them with them on the day and time and place appointed."
'India's Daughter' is a hard-hitting documentary about the gang rape of a 23-year-old young woman in Delhi in December 2012 and includes interviews with one of the men convicted for the crime.
The movie was banned in India after government claimed that Udwin had flouted the conditions under which permission was given to interview the convict and she did not submit the full, uncut footage of the interview for approval by jail authorities.
Ashley Young says Manchester United will fight for the Premier League title this season.
The 20-time English champions haven't graced first place in the English top-flight since winning their last Premier League title under Sir Alex Ferguson in May 2013.
We're doing well in the league but there is a long way to go, so we just take each game as it comes Ashley Young
However, United's 3-0 victory was enough to hoist the Red Devils above their derby rivals Manchester City and into top spot ahead of next week's trip to Arsenal.
And the England international is eyeing silverware this season ahead of United's clash against Bundesliga side Wolfsburg in the Champions League on Wednesday night.
“We came into the season saying we wanted to fight for the title,” Young told MUTV.
“A club like United wants to fight for everything we're involved in – the league, the Champions League and both the cup competitions. We want to get ourselves back to winning silverware.
“We're doing well in the league but there is a long way to go, so we just take each game as it comes.”
Memphis Depay, Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata scored United's goals in their 3-0 victory over struggling Sunderland on Saturday afternoon.
MORE: Read the latest Man Utd player tweets
The Red Devils face Wolfsburg in their next fixture in the Champions League group stage at Old Trafford on Wednesday night.
Louis van Gaal's side suffered a 2-1 defeat by PSV Eindhoven in their opening Champions League group-stage game.
Warner Bros.' 3D hit isn't ready to come back to Earth just yet.
After setting an October record this past weekend at the U.S. box office, “Gravity” crossed the $100 million mark globally on Tuesday.
Directed by Alfonso Cuaron, the space drama earned an additional $6.6 million Tuesday in the U.S. — almost unheard of for midweek in October — bringing its domestic total to $68.4 million.
“Gravity's” foreign cume, meanwhile, currently stands at $35.8 million.
Cuaron's long-gestating space drama benefited from 3D ticket sales in its debut weekend (80% of the pic's sales last weekend were for the 3D version) in addition to strong word of mouth.
“October is strong, but not a lot of people have taken a shot at it,” Warner domestic distribution prexy Dan Fellman told Variety. “To jump out at 80% (in 3D) opening weekend is phenomenal.”
The film's $55.6 million weekend launch, a career best for stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, eclipsed October's previous record of $52.6 million, set by “Paranormal Activity 3” in 2011.
The $80 million-budgeted “Gravity” should have plenty left in the gas tank, both domestically and internationally in coming weeks. “Gravity” expands from overseas 27 markets over the next month and is expected to keep a stronghold Stateside this weekend as it battles Sony's adult thriller “Captain Phillips” with Tom Hanks.
Related stories
Box Office Gets a Boost From Older Audiences Seeing 'Gravity' in 3D
Box Office: 'Gravity' Pulls Down Record Hold, With $44 Mil; 'Captain Phillips' Scores $26 Mil
Box Office: 'Gravity' Drawing In $40 Million-Plus, But 'Captain Phillips' Not Adrift
PARIS, June 4 (Reuters) - French telecoms operator Orange said on Thursday it planned to end its brand licensing deal with the Israeli firm Partner Communications, a day after comments by its chief executive drew criticism from the Israeli government.
“In line with its brand policy, Orange does not want to keep its brand presence in countries where it is not an operator. Within this framework, and while strictly respecting existing accords, Orange would like to put an end to this brand licencing,” it said in a statement.
Chief Executive Stephane Richard said in Cairo on Wednesday he wanted to end the agreement, even though there was a huge risk of financial penalties from doing so, and that the decision was in part due to the firm's relations with Arab countries. Orange said his comments were taken out of context.
Deputy Israeli Foreign Minister Tzippi Hotovely sent a letter to Richard on Thursday asking him to clarify his position and to refrain from “being party to the industry of lies which unfairly targets Israel,” the letter sent to Reuters by the embassy read. (Reporting By John Irish; Editing by Andrew Callus)
Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto has low approval ratings. Andrés Manuel López Obrador, the leading presidential candidate in Mexico's 2018 election, is critical of both Peña Nieto and U.S. President Trump. - Lorne Matalon
Listen To The Story Marketplace Embed Code <iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/05/08/elections/mexico-2018-election-shaping-up-vote-economic-freedom/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe>
Mexico will elect a new president next year. And although President Trump has now at least temporarily delayed withdrawing the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement, continued uncertainty over the trade deal and Trump's plans for a border wall are roiling Mexican politics.
Former Mexico City Mayor Andrés Manuel López Obrador is one of several people who have either declared their candidacy or expressed interest. Others include Margarita Zavala, wife of former president Felipe Calderón and Miguel Ángel Mancera, Mexico City's current mayor. President Enrique Peña Nieto's six-year term ends next year. The constitution bars him from seeking re-election. Mexico's political parties must nominate presidential candidates by March 2018 for the vote that will take place the following July. The jockeying has already started.
Trump's election has triggered a rise in Mexican nationalism. Andrés Manuel Lopez Obrador, a populist Mexican leftist who wants to reduce economic dependence on the United States, is channeling that nationalism. Though defeated in Mexico's last two elections, López Obrador is leading in numerous polls as Mexico's next presidential cycle approaches. He's riding revulsion over Trump's anti-Mexico rhetoric. López Obrador told Univision television journalist León Krauze that Mexico should not accept American military assistance currently provided each year under terms of the Mérida Initiative. The U.S. has delivered about $1 billion of military and police assistance to Mexico since 2008.
"I never dreamed in my lifetime of a U.S. president that would be afraid of Mexico, afraid of competition,” said Juan Carlos Romero Hicks, a member of the Mexican Senate's Foreign Relations Committee. He said Trump has given the left a political gift. Since Trump's victory, Romero Hicks has continued to promote an integrated North American economy. But he said that has not been an easy task since the American election.
"In the U.S., there's a notion that is not correct that Mexicans are taking jobs from Americans, that we are a security threat. Building a wall is absurd," he said.
López Obrador is leveraging that feeling. He opposes the 2014 opening of Mexico's oil and gas markets to foreign investors, many in the U.S. — names like Exxon Mobil and Chevron that have already moved in. He wants to import less U.S. corn and gasoline. He believes Mexico should stand up for itself. There is a blueprint of sorts. In 2009, Mexico placed tariffs on certain goods from Oregon and California during a trade dispute. The tariffs were only lifted when the U.S. stopped blocking Mexican trucks from gaining full access to U.S. highways.
Victor Hugo Michel is the chief editor of El Financiero television, a channel focused on the economy.
"Donald Trump has permeated the Mexican political discourse,” he said.
Mexico's presidential candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador says the notion that "Mexicans are taking jobs from Americans, that we are a security threat" is incorrect and that "building a wall is absurd." - MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images
"Andrés Manuel López Obrador, he has positioned himself as the only candidate that would know how to react to Donald Trump,” Michel explained. “And this is having a success because most Mexican voters want to see retaliation.”
Mexican political scientist Federico Estevez believes López Obrador is also using uncertainty about the border issue to pressure Mexico's government to improve conditions at home.
"For too long, Mexicans have coddled that illusion that if things were bad enough, they could always go north for a new opportunity. And so if you put up the wall, well, there's no better symbol that tells you, 'Nope, you're stuck,' " he said.
Though López Obrador is a leftist, he and Trump do have something in common. Both want change on the border. Trump wants it effectively sealed, while López Obrador wants the U.S. to reform immigration so that Mexicans can cross the border to work temporarily but legally.
There has been a resurgence lately that's attempting to bring back old school '80s style horror. Tonight She Comes is the latest entry that blends themes of witchcraft, slasher elements, and the dark cabin in the woods feel made so popular by the Evil Dead and dozens of other mainstay pieces of iconic terror. Using some cool graphics work and practical gore, this release gains some positive points that are ultimately swayed by a story that needed much more work.
Ripe with a synth score and pounding retro sounding tones of decades past, Tonight She Comes is a fitting tribute that mixes the female survival sub-genre with the blood curling gore of Cabin Fever. With barely any budget whatsoever, this little indie flick creates a fitting amount of tension with playful nudity and an atmosphere befitting the type of movie they're going for with this obvious nod to the sexually charged flicks of an era lost. Set in the backwoods with a crew of horny post-teens, a strange series of events is set forth as the cast is put through a night of hell infused terror that includes plenty of boob shots and a devilish underpinning that plays as part satire/part straight gore fest.
Sadly for this entire production, the setup is let down by an underdeveloped script and nonsensical plot elements. Just as the story gets going, new characters appear and the entire movie begins to unravel quicker than I can say 'hot and bloody fully nude chick with a knife'. Apparently, the idea for this movie was to cram as much in as possible as they piss away their awesome score and a cast that could have actually served the purpose of carrying a better horror flick. It has that specific look that they were going for. The players don't hesitate in their performances. And a (completely wasted) creeper antagonist is freaky as hell. Unfortunately, there should have been more prep work done to get this thing ready to shoot. It feels rushed and mildly perplexing at times.
Looks like you made a mess of my face. Can we do that again?
There is a great and moody piece of genre art in here somewhere. It just feels like the people behind the movie had too much to say and too many tributes they wanted to pay with Tonight She Comes. There are pieces of the bloody puzzle that work really well and there are moments that definitely strike a horrifying chord. It's the ultimate presentation that fails them. Instead of creating a mythology that's interesting or new, pieces from an exponential amount of films is thrown at the screen which causes mental mayhem for their viewing audience. However, I do think there will be a crowd for this movie. Some die hards will probably take pleasure in what they've created here. Bits and pieces are absolutely great. This is a rare case in which the whole is not equal to the parts. What could have been another The Void fails to capture the same type of relevance.
Stay for the end though. It's worth it.
Score
-CG
A 25-year-old fisherman who swam nearly eight kilometres to shore without a life jacket after he was knocked off his boat is lucky, say locals, who saw several sharks feeding in the area.
The man's empty boat was found with the engine running off Kirra Beach about 5.15pm yesterday, nearly six hours after he left Tweed Heads to go fishing at Nine Mile Reef, about six kilometres from shore.
Police believe he was knocked off the boat at the reef and, with the motor running, it drifted away.
The man then began swimming towards the shore, police said.
Queensland police began an air and land search, which was postponed at 9pm.
The man was found at Fingal Head, about 7.5 kilometres from Nine Mile Reef, at 10.30pm and was taken to Tweed Heads Hospital with cuts and mild hypothermia.
The resurgence of pertussis, or whooping cough, in recent years has left doctors, researchers and public health officials scrambling to find ways to protect those most likely to die from the disease: infants under 2-3 months old who are too young to be vaccinated. The most promising strategy — giving mom a dose of the pertussis vaccine toward the end of her pregnancy — means getting a booster in every pregnancy. The booster, called Tdap, actually protects against tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis.
Getting another dose of Tdap after having a previous recent one appears just as safe as a mother getting a Tdap for the first time in pregnancy, found a recent study in JAMA. Researchers found that a booster doesn't increase the risk of serious side effects in pregnant women or the risk of newborns arriving early, underweight or with a low birth weight — even if mom had another booster less than two years earlier.
“The big take-away is that this study provides some information about safety that we didn't have before,” said Dr. Keith Eddleman, director of obstetrics in The Mount Sinai Health System, who was not involved in the CDC-funded study. “It's what we had hoped, but it's difficult to convince a pregnant woman to do something based on what you think will be safe. It's much better to have the data.”
For this study, researchers relied on the Vaccine Safety Datalink, an ongoing multi-state monitoring system that allows scientists to look at very large populations for possible side effects of vaccines, even if the effect occurs very rarely. The researchers limited their study to 29,155 pregnant women from ages 14 to 49 who had received at least one previous tetanus-containing vaccine in the past and received one while pregnant between January 2007 and November 2013. (The researchers looked at any tetanus-containing vaccines because women might have previously received the Td vaccine (tetanus-diphtheria), for example.)
The women were compared in three groups: those who had received a tetanus-containing vaccine more than five years ago (about half the total group), those who had previously received a tetanus-containing vaccine two to five years ago (a third of the group) and those who had received one within the past two years (17% of the women). Because the researchers were specifically looking for possible concerns related to multiple doses, the first group served as the control group. The vast majority of women in the groups with more recent vaccinations had last received a Tdap, but only 17% of the control group women had received the Tdap as their last tetanus-containing vaccine.
The rates of fever (about 2 to 3.5 per 10,000 women) and allergic reactions (1 to 2 per 10,000 women) was similar across all three groups. Local reactions such as limb pain or swelling, cellulitis or severe pain at the injection site also occurred at a similar rate across all three groups, about 4 to 11 incidents per 10,000 women. Similarly, preterm birth (6.4% to 6.8%), low birth weight (4.7% to 5.1%) and being born small for gestational age (8.7% to 9.1%) were also similar across all three groups. Babies small for gestational age weigh less than expected for the pregnancy week when they are born.
These findings support the October 2012 recommendation by the CDC's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices that women receive the Tdap during every pregnancy. Getting the Tdap in each pregnancy between 27 and 36 weeks gives the mother's body the approximately two weeks it needs to create antibodies against pertussis, which then cross the placenta to the fetus. Babies do not receive their first vaccine against pertussis (DTaP) until 2 months old, so passively received maternal antibodies offer a little extra protection for those first two months.
Eddleman is currently seeing the consequences firsthand when infants do not get that little bit of extra protection from mom's antibodies during pregnancy. Among 37 infants under age 1 sickened in a pertussis outbreak in a Brooklyn neighborhood served by his health system, only three of their mothers had received the Tdap during pregnancy. Getting the vaccine in the third trimester does not guarantee that a baby won't catch the illness, especially given how incredibly contagious it is, but past research has shown that the maternal vaccination significantly reduces the risk of catching the disease.
Eddleman does not expect this study will convince all women who worry about getting the vaccine. Even yesterday, he was unable to persuade a woman 37.5 weeks pregnant to get the shot despite explaining the most recent safety information about the vaccine. “What this will do is arm doctors with some evidence to explain to patients that this vaccine is safe and recommended,” he said. “Now they can say that the CDC recommends this, and there's a well-planned, well-executed study showing its safety.”
Another study earlier this year looked at stillbirth, neonatal death, major malformations, admissions to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and the need for ventilation but found no increased risk among infants born to women who received the Tdap.
My book, The Informed Parent, with co-author Emily Willingham, is available for pre-order. Find me on Twitter here.
Are banks really the powerhouse of the UK economy? Or could they be some of the most heavily-subsidised businesses in the world?
The chart below shows how much banks pay in taxes, and how much they receive in hidden subsidies. Shockingly, it seems that banks receive far more in subsidies than they ever pay in taxes.
Source: Bank of England statistical database. Andrew Haldane, The $100 Billion Dollar Question (available at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/Documents/speeches/2010/speech433.pdf)
Update: the Bank of England has just released a new paper which looks at the different ways of estimating the subsidy the state provides to the banking sector. In short, the size of the subsidy is dependent on the methods used to estimate it. The chart below shows how much the estimates vary using different results, with the authors concluding that “despite their differences, all measures point to significant transfers of resources from the government to the banking system.”
Source: Bank of England, Financial Stability Paper No. 15 – May 2012.
“The implicit subsidy of banks”. Joseph Noss and Rhiannon Sowerbutts
How do we subsidise banks?
Under the current banking system the money in your account is not really money at all, it is simply a debt which your bank owes you. Because banks actually hold very little in the way of real money (i.e. cash or central bank reserves) compared to their customer deposits, if everyone came and asked for their money back the bank would run out of money pretty quickly. Even the rumour that other people may be about to take their money out of a particular bank might start a ‘run' on that bank. And once a run starts on one bank, customers of other banks start to panic, and try and withdraw their money out their banks.
To stop this happening, the government guarantees the money in your account, saying that if the bank goes bust, the government will reimburse you that money (up to £85,000). This scheme is called ‘deposit insurance', or specifically, the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
However, by giving people insurance you change their behaviour (known in economics as moral hazard). In a world with no deposit insurance if a bank went bust its customers would not receive any money in exchange for their deposits. This would lead them to monitor the banks behaviour and decisions much more closely, to ensure that the bank was not taking unnecessary risks which could jeopardise their deposits. Knowing that there was the possibility of losing all or some of the deposits would also lead the customers to demand a much higher rate of interest on their deposits to compensate them for the risk.
Because we have deposit insurance in the UK depositors do not monitor their banks behaviour, which means banks can behave in a riskier way than they otherwise would be able to. They can also pay a lower rate of interest to depositors, saving them money.
However, banks also borrow large amounts of money from other banks and institutions on the money markets. While the institutions that lend to large banks do not benefit from any official insurance from the government, they still know there is no chance of them not being repaid their money. This is because certain banks are considered too big or too important to fail. In the event that they went bust, the Government would be forced to step in to rescue them, which would include the payment of all of their outstanding liabilities (in effect this is what occurred with RBS). Because of this the ‘too big/important to fail' institutions can borrow at cheaper rates than they would otherwise be able to, in a sense lending to them is effectively risk free – the government guarantees that it will repay if the bank is unable to.
This is outlined in detail in the Bank of England's financial Stability Report:
[sws_blockquote_endquote align=”left” cite=”Bank of England, 2010, Financial Stability Report, p51″ quotestyle=”style02″ link=”http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/Documents/fsr/2010/fsrfull1012.pdf”]The distress or failure of a systemically important financial institution (SIFI) is likely to entail large-scale economic costs. These costs engender expectations of government support and so allow SIFIs to benefit from an implicit funding subsidy from taxpayers … This subsidy encourages SIFIs to rely more heavily on debt finance … and to take on additional risk to maximise the value of the subsidy. [/sws_blockquote_endquote]
Without this subsidy the banks might not make any profit at all, and certainly wouldn't be able to pay any bonuses:
[sws_blockquote_endquote align=”left” cite=”Robert Peston” quotestyle=”style02″ link=”http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/mobile/business-12022260″]it is quite difficult to see how they could ever generate a profit without this subsidy … in the absence of [the subsidy] the banks don't really have any spare resources with which to pay bonuses [/sws_blockquote_endquote]
So, large banks require a public subsidy to be profitable and are too big/important to fail. This subsidy incentivises them to take risks they otherwise would not, increasing the likelihood of them failing. Of course, being too big to fail, when they do fail the government must step in to rescue them. Even the Governor of the Bank of England can't see the sense in the system:
[sws_blockquote_endquote align=”left” cite=”Mervyn King, Banking: From Bagehot to Basel, and Back Again” quotestyle=”style02″ link=”http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/Documents/speeches/2010/speech455.pdf”]it is hard to see why institutions whose failure cannot be contemplated should be in the private sector in the first place. [/sws_blockquote_endquote]
For further reading on this subject see Andrew Haldane's 2010 paper, presentation and video (at 18:07).
Look, we're not saying you should be stoked to pay for parking in West Hollywood, but feeding the meter will actually contribute to a good cause this holiday season.
According to Wehoville, the city of West Hollywood has launched a campaign called “WeHo Gives Back” to divert a percentage of parking meter revenue to various social services agencies that help the homeless.
From December 26 to December 31, the city says 10 percent of funds collected in meters will be donated homeless services providers Ascencia, Step Up on Second, and the LA LGBT Center's Youth Center. The city has suggested those agencies may spend the funds on sleeping bags, socks, food, water, and hygiene kits.
Just how many cars park at West Hollywood's 1,986 parking meters in the last week of the year? During the same week in 2015, the city took in $94,000 in parking revenue. Officials are expecting a similar sum this year.
Shape Credits Gallery Transcript
"Shapes" is the nineteenth episode of the first season of The X-Files. The episode first aired in the United States on April 1, 1994 on the Fox network. It was written by Marilyn Osborn and directed by David Nutter. It is a "Monster-of-the-week" story.
Contents show]
Synopsis
The shooting of a Native American draws Mulder and Scully into mystery involving lycanthropy, the phenomenon that opened the X-files.
Summary
FBI agents Dana Scully and Fox Mulder travel to a remote town in Montana to investigate the killing of a Native American man, Joseph Goodensnake, by local ranch owner Jim Parker. The killing initially appears to be motivated by a dispute over the ownership of a tract of land, although Parker claims that he had fired upon a monstrous animal rather than a human. Parker's son Lyle bears scars that appear to lend credence to his father's story.
At the scene of the shooting, Scully reasons that at the short range from which Goodensnake was shot, it would have been impossible to mistake him for an animal. However, Mulder finds tracks leading to the area that appear to change from human to something more animal in nature. He also finds a large section of human skin nearby. Scully dismisses his theory. She believes that the Parkers knowingly killed Goodensnake, but neither agent believe the pair would have skinned him—and the body was not reported to have been skinned. The matter is complicated by the difficulties Mulder and Scully have with dealing with the Native American population, stemming from the experience of the locals with the FBI at the Wounded Knee incident in 1973. Goodensnake's sister Gwen is also bitter that her neighbors are too frightened of native legends to confront his death.
Despite these misgivings, the agents find a seeming ally in Sheriff Charles Tskany, who permits Scully to make a cursory examination of Goodensnake's body, but following the customs of his people forbids a full autopsy. Upon investigating the body, they discover that he has elongated canine teeth, similar to those of an animal, and bears long-healed scars similar to those borne by Lyle. Mulder shares with Scully his belief that the case is connected to the first X-File officially opened, in 1946, concerning a series of savage maulings which Mulder believes are the work of werewolves. Scully dismisses this theory and instead credits the belief to clinical lycanthropy. Goodensnake's body is cremated in a traditional ceremony, while the agents watch from a distance. Lyle Parker rides to near the funeral pyre site to try to pay his respects, but is chased away by Gwen.
Later that night, the elder Parker is attacked on his front porch and ripped apart by an unseen animal. During the investigation the next morning, Scully finds Lyle lying naked and unconscious in the nearby forest. Ish, one of the elder men of the reservation, explains to Mulder the legend of the manitou, a creature which can possess and transform a man, and which can pass to a new host upon the death of the original. Ish believes he had seen the creature in his youth, but was too frightened to confront it. An examination of Lyle Parker reveals his father's blood in his stomach, making it clear that he has in fact become the manitou's new host, though not before he is released from the hospital. Scully drives him home to the Parker Ranch and he becomes ill, locking himself in the bathroom. That night Mulder and Tskany hurry to the Parker ranch, quickly finding themselves in a violent confrontation with the monster. Mulder shoots it dead, only to see it transform back into Lyle. As the agents leave, they learn that Gwen has disappeared, whilst Ish cryptically warns that he will see the agents in "about eight years".
References
Joseph Goodensnake; J. Edgar Hoover; Lewis and Clark Expedition; Lycanthropy; Manitou; Native American; Wolf
Background Information
Production
This episode's development began with Fox suggesting The X-Files do an episode which featured a more conventional Monster of the Week than the series had previously used. Director David Nutter noted, "The network said, 'We need a monster show, the masses want a monster show.' So that was a monster show for the [first] season." (Cinefantastique, Vol. 26/27, No. 6/1, p. 50)
At the time of writing this installment, Marilyn Osborn had developed a friendship with Co-Executive Producers Glen Morgan and James Wong. Recalled Morgan, "She wanted to write [....] She was very new and we had to have a lot of patience with bringing her along." (Cinefantastique, Vol. 26/27, No. 6/1, p. 50) Morgan and Wong subsequently rewrote Osborn's script. (X-Files Confidential, p. 70)
When making their contributions to the writing of this installment, James Wong and Glen Morgan had been wanting to create a story that explored Native American mythology and proposed the real-life concept of the Manitou. They conceptualized the Manitou as being similar to a werewolf, in order to attract fans of that genre, but attempted to make the episode feel distinctive, in the fashion of the series, by taking a slightly unusual approach to that concept. (The Truth Is Out There: The Official Guide to The X-Files, p. 144) The word "werewolf" is consequently never mentioned in the episode.
In a potentially humorous scene that did not make it to the final version of the episode, Scully tries to drive away a cow that is blocking the agents' car. Her efforts to shoo the animal away include waving her arms and yelling, "Baseball glove! Leather purse!" (The Truth Is Out There: The Official Guide to The X-Files, p. 144)
This episode's script went through four drafts. These were dated 3rd, 10th, 11th and 15th February 1994. The shooting script, which was compiled from these various drafts, includes the scene wherein Scully struggles to shoo a cow away.
The American Indian reservation in this episode was filmed in Bordertown (a muddy, classic western "town" which had been built specifically for filming), situated at 224th Street, in Maple Ridge. This municipality was outside the restrictions of the studio zone, incurring extra costs which frustrated some members of the shooting company. One person who was consistently happy with the location, though, was Frohike actor and First Assistant Director Tom Braidwood, as he lived within a ten-minute drive of Bordertown. (X Marks the Spot (On Location with The X-Files), p. 46)
David Nutter had multiple challenges in directing this episode, such as being tasked with showing only glimpses of the Manitou. "The main crux for me on that show," he commented, "was to create an atmosphere that would make it as different as possible from other episodes." (X-Files Confidential, p. 70) Nutter also strove for authenticity while filming the episode's Native American ceremonies. "We made it as real as possible, because you can't make this stuff up," he stated. (The Complete X-Files: Behind the Series, the Myths and the Movies, p. 49)
The production of this outing challenged the production crew in general. Art Director Graeme Murray recalled, "We were trying to re-create this big-sky Montana ranch country in Vancouver [....] It was one of those shows where you just try and get it done on schedule and on budget." (X-Files Confidential, p. 71)
Prior to filming in Bordertown, loads of gravel were dumped onto the site's muddy streets to ensure ease of access for vehicles, equipment and people. It began to rain two days before the filming and, by the time the production crew arrived, the gravel had been absorbed into the mud. Each member of the crew wore boots, equipment repeatedly became stuck in the mud, and movement of vehicles was also hampered. "It was like filming in a mud bath," noted Location Manager Louisa Gradnitzer. (X Marks the Spot (On Location with The X-Files), p. 46)
Lighting was of extreme importance in the filming of the funeral fire scene. The on-screen attendees were lit in such a way as to make it obvious they were close to the large fire. ("The Truth About Season One", TXF Season 1 DVD special features)
Continuity
Scully mentioning her father's death in this episode harkens back to "Beyond the Sea".
This episode reveals several facts about the early history of the X-files, including Mulder's note that the "very first X-file, initiated by J. Edgar Hoover himself, in 1946" dealt with a Manitou.
Reception
Executive Producer Chris Carter was impressed with this outing. He enthused, "I thought Jim and Glen, in rewriting Marilyn Osborn's script, did a terrific job of giving us a good sort of meat-and-potatoes werewolf story by calling it a manitou [....] I thought it was very well directed by David Nutter." (X-Files Confidential, p. 70)
Co-Producer Paul Rabwin was highly pleased with the episode's sound effects, particularly those used for the manitou. "It's one of the shows where I feel post-production had a huge effect," he remarked. "The sound on that one was tremendous." (Cinefantastique, Vol. 26/27, No. 6/1, p. 50)
Glen Morgan was ultimately disappointed with this installment. He admitted, "When we were finishing 'Shapes,' I said, 'This is really good; I like it.' When I saw it aired, I said, 'Kind of letdown. I don't know why.'" (X-Files Confidential, p. 73)
This episode achieved a Nielsen household rating of 7.6, with an audience share of 14. This means that roughly 7.6 percent of all television-equipped households, and 14 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 7.2 million households. (The Truth Is Out There: The Official Guide to The X-Files, p. 248)
Cinefantastique (Vol. 26/27, No. 6/1, p. 50) scores this installment 1 and a half out of 4 stars. "Although the local colour is interesting [...] 'Shapes' is drearily predictable," the magazine complains, "with the werewolf, or 'Manitou' glimpsed even before the opening credits." Cinefantastique criticizes Scully citing a mountain lion as having been responsible for an attack, when it was in fact quite clearly (at least to the viewer) the installment's Monster of the Week. "The episode's primary interest comes from David Nutter's direction, and John Bartley's cinematography," the magazine continues, "especially in a scene where Mulder and Scully search through the pitch-dark ranch house [....] The funeral scene is also beautiful to look at." Cinefantastique implies it deems it predictable for the dim lighting in the ranch house to be due to the building's electricity having gone out but pointed to Michael Horse's "good performance" as Sheriff Tskany as another highlight of the episode. (Cinefantastique, Vol. 26/27, No. 6/1, p. 50)
The X-Files Magazine (The X-Files Magazine Volume 1, Issue 19, p. 48) comments about this episode, "There is nothing foolish about Marilyn Osborn's story, even if it adds little or nothing to the lycanthropy legend. Indeed, despite David Nutter's efficiently directed werewolf scenes, the creepiest moment comes right at the end, when Ish tells Mulder they'll be seeing each other again "in about eight years..."
In his reference book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium and The Lone Gunmen, writer Robert Shearman rated this installment 1 out of 5 stars. He critiqued, "Whatever sense of importance you try to attach to 'Shapes', it's a bog standard werewolf idea, without twists or insight or the least freshness to offer. Early on, Scully tells Mulder it's clear he's been expecting every clue he's so far uncovered – and so have we. Of course we have. We know the hackneyed genre. The difference is that Mulder continues to act puzzled for the next half-hour by what the investigation turns up, whilst the audience can happily chant out every thudding predictable turn of events [....] An American Werewolf in London [...] [and] Teen Wolf [...] were better [....] There are some nice directorial flourishes from David Nutter. I like the way the funeral pyre dissolves to the lit cigar of the man who killed the person being cremated. The werewolf transformation scene is quite convincing too. But the script is witless and overwritten, the acting (especially from Renae Morriseau, as Lyle's aunt) one-dimensional and pompous, and the overall pace is turgid."
A novelization of "Shapes" was published, written by Ellen Steiber.
Cast and Characters
Some of the Native American characters who appear in this episode were played by actual Native Americans. David Nutter offered, "I actually went down to a part of [downtown] Vancouver [...] where they had assembly every week for the Native Americans." ("The Truth About Season One", TXF Season 1 DVD special features) These American Indians were, according to Nutter, "playing with the drums and so forth." He cast them for this episode's burning ceremony. (The Complete X-Files: Behind the Series, the Myths and the Movies, p. 49) Nutter did this in the belief that the ritual was a part of the show where he "thought they could actually help give a lot of authenticity." ("The Truth About Season One", TXF Season 1 DVD special features)
Cast
Main Cast
Guest Starring
Co-Starring
Shapes on Wikipedia
on Wikipedia
at
A Lakeland choreographer is accused of making some strange moves in his car.
Deputies said that Abraham Sabastine Jarrell, who had been hired by the Plant City High School Band Booster Club as the choreographer for the Band Color Guard, allegedly sat in his car wearing only a grey sleeveless t-shirt while exposing his private parts, according to a report from the Polk County Sheriff's Office.
Three boys -- a 17-year-old and two 14-year-olds -- each contacted deputies after being exposed to Jarrell's inappropriate behavior. The teens provided descriptions of Jarrell and his car, the Sheriff's Office said.
After tracking down the 27-year-old dance instructor, detectives visited him at his home where he confessed to “fondling” himself while in his car, according to the report.
He is charged with two counts of lewd exhibition on a child under sixteen (second degree felony) and two counts of indecent exposure (first degree misdemeanor).
In addition to his choreography work with the Plant City High School Band Booster Club, Jarrell is also a part-time dance instructor at the Highland School of Dance in Lakeland.
More FloriDUH
2013 MusicFest NW: Neko Case at Pioneer Courthouse Square
Neko Case performs in Pioneer Courthouse Square on the closing night of MusicFestNW 2013. Ross William Hamilton/The Oregonian
Neko Case's two-night stand in Portland was supposed to be a celebration: of Record Store Day, of Revolution Hall's opening weekend and, of course, of the musician's own powerful catalog. But
, Case walked out of her Saturday show early, skipping the encore, thanks to an attendee who wouldn't stop filming -- contrary to Case's wishes. According to the Portland Mercury and fans on social media, Case asked the audience at the beginning of the show not to film it, a request one person denied. Many attendees appeared to be supportive, directing their invective to the would-be documentarian, though others wished that Case would've stuck it out.
Case did not address the incident, or either Portland show, on Twitter. She was not available for comment when reached by the Oregonian. Revolution Hall wasn't open yet when I wrote that
-- apparently some people still need a reminder. -- David Greenwald
503-294-7625;
For several years, I have felt under attack from the Christian right. Granted, they don't intend to attack me personally, just every idea, every belief, every principle I hold dear. I was raised to respect others' opinions, to allow others their beliefs regardless of how silly or superstitious I perceived them to be. Throughout my life I have deferred to the sensibilities and sensitivities of those around me. I was raised, in short, to be tolerant, to be as accepting as possible of those people with whom I share a planet. In a culturally Jewish, practically atheist household, I realize now with some sense of irony, I was raised to behave in a manner very similar to that suggested by the character of Jesus in the second half of the old, magical fantasy novel the Bible.
When kids in grade school told me that I was going to Hell because I did not believe in God, my parents admonished me not to fight over it, not to argue the point. They told me that Christians find that offensive and there was no reason to actively offend people. I was not to use curse words in public as they offend some people. I was not to talk about politics because some people could be offended. I carried a lot of this sensitivity into adulthood. I have striven over the years to express my opinions gently, to couch them in good humor and have taken care, whenever possible to maintain the high ground. I have put effort into voicing my ideas without ruffling anyone's feathers.
Those with whom I disagree have never shown me the same courtesy. Telling a child that he will be punished eternally for his thoughts is cruel. Eliminating words from the common vocabulary, regardless of the social mores that prompt the action, is censorship unmitigated. I am offended by the basic precepts of religion, the idea that those who believe a certain thing will achieve a reward after death and those who believe otherwise will be punished. The premise that what happens after life is somehow more important than what happens during life strikes me as so absurd as to be laughable. That what we think or what mystic incantations we perform might hold more significance than the actions we take seems a way of dodging personal responsibility, not instilling it. That what invisible power we worship could outweigh our basic behavior toward one another I find so deeply offensive a concept that I am outraged to know that anyone believes it, much fewer passes it on to innocent children.
The neo-Christian agenda, that of Michelle Bachmann, Rick Perry, Christine O'Donnell and the fundamentalist wing of the Republican party, seeks to take this country in a horrific direction. They believe so strongly in their particular brand of biblical law and sectarian governance that casually throwing around the expression "Christian Nation" feels to them like an affirmation of their commitment to the Constitution. Their facility for rewriting history allows them to believe that deists like Thomas Jefferson expressed the same warped interpretation of Christianity that guides their own actions. Genocide committed against Native Americans simply reflects a just and righteous aspect of the dominion given them by God. America's ugly history of slavery becomes a beautiful step on the sanctified path from African savagery to Christianized civility. Bigotry against homosexuals -- and make no mistake, homophobia is nothing more than a form of bigotry -- justifies denial of equal rights under the law because their big book of antiquated rules and stories includes a line or two in which their deity says he's put off by the thought of two men lying together. These deluded, demented believers have so thoroughly embraced a combative and activist sectarian mindset that when anybody asks for another belief system to be recognized they genuinely believe that war has been declared on their traditions. Under attack as they feel themselves to be, they defend themselves against the imaginary offensive by any means at their disposal. A multi-cultural spiritual center in a major metropolitan area resonates as a threat to the security of their Christ-loving homeland. A holiday greeting card that does not mention their deity by name enrages them as a blow struck in an imaginary war on Christmas. A scientific community that says the universe is older than their book does seek to undermine the morality of their children by contradicting the literal word of God.
I, for one, am finished being polite. I am done trying not to offend people who offend me constantly and imagine they are justified in doing so because it is their duty to push their deity's agenda on the world at large. When a rabbi says, "How about putting up a menorah near that big cross?" they pull down the cross and say, "There's a war on Christianity." I will now call bullshit every time at the top of my voice. This is not a Christian nation and it never was. America is a secular, politically structured nation with no religious affiliation and complete religious freedom. It includes and welcomes Jews, Muslims, atheists, Hindus, Taoists, Shintoists, Pagans and whomever I'm forgetting to mention.
The truth has greater value than any individual's comfort. This applies to history, to economics and to scientific exploration. For decades America allowed slavery, which is morally objectionable. Homosexuality is a fact, not a condition or an illness or a lifestyle choice. Science has value and if someone wants to pretend that proven facts are wrong because those facts contradict their faith-based insanity, they are allowed to do so. But they are not allowed to foist their nonsense on society at large, not allowed to mis-educate children in the public sector. Nobody has any right to tell anyone else who to love or what rights should be denied to another person. All people are of equal inherent value regardless of race, preference, religion, nationality or personal wealth. To say otherwise on any of these subjects offends me. I will not say those in the neo-Christian movement have no right to say them because censorship also offends me and people are allowed to disagree. There is room in the world for a lot of ideas.
I will not stop saying these things for fear of offending neo-Christians because to remain quiet is to allow my beloved country to continue down the path of religious fascism.
I do not believe in Christ. I do not believe in God. If you do, I hope you will think about the precepts I have put forth here and recognize the possibility that your Christian beliefs are not really at odds with my atheist beliefs. It is possible that the neo-Christians have been using your own belief system to justify behavior that your prophet or your deity or your conscience would find objectionable.
I urge everyone to listen to his or her own inner voices. Check in with your own moral compass. When the reprehensible is suggested, no matter how well supported it seems to be by scripture, speak up against that which you know to be wrong. If a more decent and beautiful world, a world accepting of all people and all ideas, is offensive to some, that is a price I'm willing to pay. I'm pretty sure that a willingness to pay exactly that price for exactly that outcome is the underlying moral of the whole Jesus myth to begin with.
Getty Images
The Saints listed running back Mark Ingram as questionable to play on Thursday night because of the toe injury that kept him from practicing all week, which left open the possibility that their 1-2 punch out of the backfield would be down to just rookie Alvin Kamara.
It looks like that won't be the case, however. Adam Schefter of ESPN reports that Ingram is expected to be in the lineup against the Falcons.
What impact the injury will have on Ingram's usage remains to be seen, but Kamara has played more snaps than his older teammate in the last three games and any accommodation for the toe seems likely to extend that streak to four in a row.
Safety Marcus Williams, cornerback Marcus Lattimore and defensive end Trey Hendrickson are the other questionable players for the Saints. Unlike Ingram, all three were able to get in limited practice sessions the last couple of days.
Jim True-Frost as Roland Pryzbylewski in “The Wire.” (HBO)
Over the course of 2014, I have spent a lot of time thinking about the stories Americans tell themselves about police and the gap between those stories and the actual experiences of people who encounter police every day.
How did we get from the ideal of Sheriff Andy Taylor (Andy Griffith) in Mayberry, a man who saw no need for a gun, to the nightmarish fantasies of former Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson and Florida neighborhood watchman George Zimmerman, who saw their fellow citizens as antagonists rather than constituents? How did we reach a place where “In the Heat of the Night” seems optimistic in its portrayal of a confrontation between white cops and a black man that doesn't end with that man dead or injured?
And yesterday, after a grand jury declined to indict officer Daniel Pantaleo, whose use of a chokehold killed Eric Garner, and Cleveland reporters published their investigation of Tim Loehmann, who shot and killed 12-year-old Tamir Rice, I found myself thinking of Roland Pryzbylewski, the young police officer on “The Wire” played by Jim True-Frost.
Pryzbylewski, or Pryz, as he's known to fellow officers, is the kind of officer we almost never see in mass media: a bad one.
When he arrives on a special detail dedicated to investigating a major drug ring in the first season of “The Wire,” Pryz already has a serious demerit on his record: For some reason he shot up his own cruiser in a panic, and then filed a false report that suggested he had been under attack. He is considered emotionally unstable, and his assignment to the detail is supposed to be a way to dump him on a black officer, Lt. Cedric Daniels (Lance Reddick), so no other district will have to deal with him, and also to get him out of the way in a manner that will not offend his father-in-law, Maj. Stan Valchek (Al Brown), who is a district commissioner.
Echoes of Przy's previous police work show up in the opening paragraphs of Adam Ferrise's story on Tim Loehmann's stint with the Independence, Ohio, police department before he joined the force in Cleveland.
“A Nov. 29, 2012 letter contained in Tim Loehmann's personnel file from the Independence Police Department says that during firearms qualification training he was ‘distracted' and ‘weepy,' ” Ferrise reported. ” ‘He could not follow simple directions, could not communicate clear thoughts nor recollections, and his handgun performance was dismal,' according to the letter written by Deputy Chief Jim Polak of the Independence police. … ‘I do not believe time, nor training, will be able to change or correct the deficiencies,' Polak said.”
Like Pryz, Loehmann is white. And like Pryz, prior emotional displays that raised doubts about his ability to handle guns appropriately did not prevent him from staying on a police force where he would ultimately do greater damage.
In “The Wire,” Pryz and several other young officers do a stupid thing. They get drunk, go late at night to one of the housing projects that is a target of their investigation and hassle the residents there, forcing a man to strip on the sidewalk and dumping out another's laundry. When a 14-year-0ld tweaks them by lounging on the hood of Przy's car, Pryz clocks the boy with the butt of his pistol. The child ends up losing the sight in one eye.
And this will not be the last time that he uses his weapon inappropriately. In the third season of the show, Pryz neglects to identify himself when he responds to a distress call and shoots and kills a plainclothes African American officer.
In real life, Loehmann shot Tamir Rice just seconds after arriving on the scene where Rice had been spotted playing with a toy gun. An officer at the scene estimated Rice's age at 20, unable to recognize him as a child.
In “The Wire,” Pryz is removed from street work in the first season only after he survives an internal affairs investigation with some coaching from Daniels. A grand jury has yet to hear the case against Loehmann, but it seems likely that he will join Darren Wilson and Daniel Pantaleo in escaping indictment. Wilson has since resigned from the Ferguson police department.
David Simon, the creator of “The Wire,” extended empathy to drug lords and corrupt union officials in his masterful series. And while “The Wire” is also one of a minority of police procedurals (including “The Shield”) to take a hard and extended look at police corruption and police brutality, Simon does something doubly unusual with Pryz. After an unpromising start, Pryz gets to earn back the audience's respect.
Once he is off the street, he shows a talent for investigations that are based in research rather than contact with suspects. And after leaving the Baltimore police department, Pryz becomes an unusually dedicated math teacher, caring for African American teenagers who might have been targets of his violent temper when he worked in law enforcement.
Simon is making an important distinction here. Pryz is neither a monster nor a racist. He has redeeming personal qualities and something to offer his community. But from the very beginning of Pryz's police career, it has been abundantly clear that he is temperamentally unsuited to carry a firearm and that he should not be invested with the authority to use it on behalf of the government. The failure to heed these clear signs has tragic results for Baltimore residents, and for the Baltimore police department itself.
For Tamir Rice, for Eric Garner and for Michael Brown, it is long past time for police departments across the country to come to the conclusion that Pryz himself reaches when he quits the force after killing another officer. If policing is to be truly honorable, meaningful work that serves our communities, we have to acknowledge that it's hard to do well, and that there are people other than serial killers and bigots who are incapable of doing it.
Paradox have announced their line-up for next month's GDC and it contains three new games. They're waiting until the convention to say what they are, but they've dropped some hints and codenames, including a new game from the Magicka team, an action multiplayer.
So the three secremative projects are:
Project “JFK” from Arrowhead Game Studios
Described as being “breakneck-paced multiplayer combat with a focus on killing your friends and looking cool doing it”, it sounds like yet another direction for Paradox's publishing interests. And certainly a huge new direction for Arrowhead. It's principle is apparently, “More is more,” which is undeniably factual.
Project “Revenge” from Critical Studio
This one's far more ambiguous, but sounds to me like a small-scale multiplayer, or perhaps co-op? They say, “All you need is two friends and one mortal enemy in this action packed action game in a world that can be described as death trap for heroes and children.” Figure that one out.
Project “Silverado” from Zeal Game Studio
It's a combo. This one's combining RTS features with shooter, and tabletop wargame. And some sci-fi. Oh my. No more clues at this point.
They'll also be showing more of A Game Of Dwarves, and melee madness War Of The Roses, and I'll be there to hoover up as much information about them all as I can.
Early on Thursday evening, Wicks stood in front of a circle of 14 voters in a living room in the Oakland hills, fielding questions about housing costs, charter schools and bicycle safety. This time, she was working on her own state Assembly race.
Wicks is one of at least 20 former Obama administration staffers around the country who decided to run for public office in the eight months since President Donald Trump's election.
Part of the inspiration is simply being out of work. If Democrat Hillary Clinton had won the presidency, many would have been contenders for administration jobs. But most say they also feel a responsibility to protect Obama's hard-won policies as the Trump administration tries to dismantle them.
"We have to let Trump know that we're not all standing here watching him dismantle the legacy of President Obama," Wicks said.
Only a few of Obama staffers quit their jobs to run for office in the eight years he was in the White House, including Obama's first chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, now Chicago's mayor. But Trump's election "accelerated a lot of people's decision-making about wanting to serve and wanting to lead and get out there," said Jeremy Bird, another top organizer on Obama's campaigns. "I don't know how many would have run without Trump."
In his farewell address in January, Obama encouraged his fans to start their own campaigns. "If you're disappointed by your elected officials, grab a clipboard, get some signatures and run for office yourself," he said. "Show up. Dive in. Stay at it."
Many have taken that advice to heart.
Wicks, who grew up in a trailer in rural Placer County, joined the Obama campaign in 2007 after stints on local campaigns and former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean's presidential campaign in 2004.
As the field director for Obama's California primary campaign, Wicks is credited with developing a model of grass-roots organizing that became the bedrock of his national campaign strategy. She adopted ideas from social movements, dividing volunteers into local teams and enlisting them to run the campaign neighborhood by neighborhood.
In the White House, Wicks organized groups supporting the passage of the Affordable Care Act.
Seeing Trump and Republicans work to repeal the health care law prodded her to run, Wicks said. "They are literally trying to defund and take away health care from the most vulnerable in our society in order to give the wealthy tax breaks," she said.
Wicks, who also ran Hillary Clinton's 2016 California primary campaign, moved to Oakland a year and a half ago. Her campaign to represent the 15th Assembly District _ which includes Richmond, Berkeley and north Oakland _ has ruffled some feathers among the other candidates, local office holders who have lived here for decades.
"Voters want people who have been doing the work of standing and fighting alongside the residents ... not someone who has lived in a district for just one year," said Jovanka Beckles, a Richmond City Council member who's also running for Assembly.
"I get that I'm an unorthodox candidate," Wicks said, but "I had my daughter in this district. I bought my home in this district. ... I'm committed to this district."
Other Obama staffers running for office in California include Ammar Campa-Najjar, who is running for a congressional seat in San Diego.
Obama's 2008 victory was revelatory for Campa-Najjar, the son of a Mexican mother and a Palestinian father, who at the time was "a brooding, biracial kid" struggling to define his identity.
Campa-Najjar organized volunteers as San Diego field director on Obama's re-election campaign, interned at the White House reading letters to the president, and worked in the Labor Department helping develop job-training programs.
Obama "gave me this ticket to my dreams to serve in Washington," he said. "But it was always a round-trip ticket _ I'd always come back home and serve."
He's one of several Democrats challenging Rep. Duncan Hunter, a Republican in one of the most Republican districts in California. Campa-Najjar said he's planning to "do the Obama model" of campaigning and focus on a strong ground game.
Kelly Gonez interned on Obama's campaign and worked as a policy adviser in the Department of Education before running for and winning a seat on the Los Angeles Unified School District Board of Education this year.
"I'm a very introverted person, so being in elected office was not something I pictured for myself," the former science teacher said. But Trump's election made her realize that her work for the federal government _ helping write handbooks for educators about how to support undocumented students and consulting on policies banning immigration enforcement activity in schools _ was threatened.
"Seeing someone try to take away undocumented kids' opportunity to get a good public education made me think a voice like mine was needed," she said. Besides, the fact that Trump became president helped alleviate her doubts that she was qualified for school board.
Other Obama administration veterans turned California candidates include Jeff Bleich, a former presidential counsel and ambassador to Australia, who's running for lieutenant governor; Eleni Kounalakis, Obama's ambassador to Hungary, who's also a candidate for lieutenant governor; and Alejandra Campoverdi, the former White House deputy director of Hispanic media, who ran unsuccessfully in the special election for a Los Angeles congressional seat this year.
Obama isn't expected to make many endorsements or campaign appearances, but his alumni network is a powerful support group for candidates launching their first campaigns. Candidates such as Wicks can turn to their former colleagues for help raising money, recruiting staff, earning endorsements and fine-tuning campaign strategy.
"It's not unusual for people who served in presidential administrations or campaigns to run for office in their home states," said Jim Brulte, chairman of the California Republican Party. But "it seems like with (Obama staffers) it's more organized than in previous administrations."
Obama is watching his former staffers take up the mantle from afar, Kevin Lewis, Obama's spokesman, said in an email.
"It doesn't surprise him that the staff that joined him on (his) journey, and worked every day on behalf of the American people in the Obama administration, are emerging as the next generation of leaders and elected officials," Lewis said.
Penske Racing driver will align himself with familiar number in Nationwide Series
Joey Logano (22), shown here chasing Jimmie Johnson is planning to run the No. 48 in a Nationwide race at Watkins Glen. (Photo11: Tom Pennington, Getty Images) Story Highlights The No. 48 is Jimmie Johnson's Sprint Cup Series car, which raised some eyebrows
Penske chose the No. 48 because there weren't many other good numbers available, spokesman says
Joey Logano will drive the No. 48 car at Watkins Glen next week.
OK, so it's not that No. 48 car. But when Penske Racing president Tim Cindric tweeted this week that Logano would drive a No. 48 car in the Watkins Glen Nationwide Series race, it certainly raised some eyebrows.
The No. 48, of course, is Jimmie Johnson's five-time championship ride in the Sprint Cup Series.
Logano even joked about the number on a Wednesday teleconference and said he'd call crew chief Todd Gordon by a different name that week.
"I said, 'Well, I'm just going to call him 'Chad,' and he can call me 'Jimmie,' '" Logano said. "I think if I don't win in the 48 car, we've got an issue."
TRADING PAINT: Stewart's No. 14 will sport Danica's sponsor
So why did Penske choose to run a No. 48 car when it could have picked a different number? Because the selection wasn't that great, spokesman Jonathan Gibson told USA TODAY Sports.
"It's really as simple as there aren't many numbers available; 48 was the best available number," he said.
The car will be sponsored by Discount Tire (which is a regular Penske sponsor) and will have the same paint scheme as always. Penske will field three cars in the race -- Logano, Brad Keselowski (No. 22) and series regular Sam Hornish Jr. (No. 12).
STEWART: OK after multi-flip wreck at Canada dirt track
As for Logano's Cup ride, his No. 22 car could use some of the 48 team's magic.
Logano was 19th in points after the Darlington race in May, but then reeled off six straight finishes of 11th or better. Just like that, Logano moved up to 10th in the standings.
But as soon as Logano began to look like a Chase contender, he suffered back-to-back 40th-place finishes at Daytona and New Hampshire and tumbled all the way back to 18th. He remained in that position after Sunday despite an eighth-place run at Indianapolis.
FANTASY: Who's hot, who's not for Pocono
Logano, currently 35 points behind 10th-place Jeff Gordon, said he believes his team can still make the Chase via the top 10 and not a wild card spot. There are six races remaining until the cutoff at Richmond.
"We did this already once coming from more than 35 points back and brought ourselves into the top 10 in a shorter amount of time than we've got now," he said.
But Logano also said the team is "one bad race away" from having to be in the win-or-nothing category when it comes to strategic gambles during races.
"We can't quite do that yet, but we're really, really close," he said.
Follow Gluck on Twitter @jeff_gluck
New research from psychologists at the University, titled "Being old and ill across different countries: social status, age identification and older people's subjective health," (published in the journal Psychology and Health) used data from the European Social Survey. Respondents, who were all aged 70 and over, were asked to self-rate their health.
The researchers found that those living in societies where older people have lower status were more likely to have a negative subjective view of their health if they identified themselves as 'old'. However, identifying as an older person was not associated with subjective health in societies where older people have higher status.
The results highlighted that in countries where old age is perceived as signifying low status, identifying strongly with old age is related to worse subjective health.
The study could have major implications for policy-makers across Europe, where the elevation of the perceived social status of older people would be likely to reduce negative connotations associated with old age, ensuring that identifying as 'old' would not impact negatively on how healthy people felt.
John Boehner has had enough.
The embattled speaker, who fought off rumors of his political demise for years, announced Friday he would resign from Congress at the end of next month. The Ohio Republican, stunning his colleagues, said he didn't want to put the House through a tumultuous vote on his speakership, and instead, he'll leave Washington after 25 years and allow his party to pick a new successor in his absence.
Story Continued Below
Conservatives had been circling with threats of a fresh coup attempt — a showdown he felt he could win, but one he and his allies thought would do serious harm to the institution. But for all his grumbling over the down-and-out fights, the capitulations to rowdy right-wingers, and the "spineless" and "squish" insults, Boehner for five years had stuck it out, scoring a series of wins and maintaining his chain-smoking, merlot-swigging charm.
Boehner, who rose from bartender's son to the most powerful man in Congress, was a classic mix of bravado and puddle of tears on Friday during a press conference announcing his decision to step aside at the end of October.
"Last night I started thinking about this, and I woke up. I said my prayers as I always do, and I decided, you know, today's the day I'm going to do this. As simple as that," Boehner said, veering from moist eyes to relief to whimsy, breaking into an impromptu rendition of "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" from the Disney movie "Song of the South."
Boehner, 65, planned to leave Congress at the end of 2014, but returned because of the unexpected electoral defeat of his second-in-command, Eric Cantor. The feeling was that another agonizing round of internal GOP turmoil over his future "would do irreparable damage to the institution," a Boehner aide said.
As he left the Capitol on Thursday evening, Boehner told two reporters — one from POLITICO and another from The Washington Post — that he had nothing left to accomplish after he brought Pope Francis to the Capitol. When asked whether he was resigning, Boehner laughed before exiting into a waiting SUV with his Capitol Police detail.
Boehner said that his No. 2, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy was so shocked when he broke the news to him Friday morning, that Boehner had to tell him "about five times" because he couldn't believe it.
First elected to the House in 1990, Boehner came into power on the momentum of the 2010 tea party wave. But it was that movement that gave him constant problems. He clashed with the right over the debt limit, government funding, Obamacare and taxes. His tenure will also be remembered for his complicated relationship with President Barack Obama. He and Obama tried — but repeatedly failed — to reach a "grand bargain" on government spending.
But Boehner has had some significant victories, including the landmark trade legislation that Congress passed earlier this year, as well as changes to entitlement programs.
Now that he doesn't have internal political considerations to weigh, Boehner is certain to push through a government-funding bill next week that funds Planned Parenthood and keeps the government open.
“I have been doing this for 27 years, and this is the most selfless act that I have ever seen,” said Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.), who is close with both Boehner and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.). Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas), a former member of leadership who has clashed with Boehner, had similarly kind words.
“In the two years I served at the leadership table both my respect and affection grew for John Boehner," Hensarling said.
Conservatives — many of them members of the House Freedom Caucus — said they're already preparing for the vote to replace Boehner.
“He has a long record of distinguished service but it's time for new leadership,” said Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-Kan.). “Conservatives will be working together; it's not going to be one or two of us, we're going to make a deal.”
Boehner's decision, relayed in a closed Republican meeting Friday morning, will indeed set off one of the most intense leadership scrambles in modern congressional GOP politics. Second in line is McCarthy, who is widely expected to serve as the next speaker. But there is serious unrest in the House Republican ranks.
A clutch of conservatives has continuously clashed with establishment Republicans. It takes 218 votes on the House floor to win the speakership, and many GOP insiders believe that McCarthy is the only person who could cobble together a coalition of that size.
Should McCarthy win, it will set off a fierce battle for majority leader. Boehner allies appear to be rallying around McCarthy for speaker already, providing him a hefty base for the internal House Republican Conference election, and a speaker vote on the House floor.
One very formidable Republican is already taking himself out of the contest: Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
“That is a good job for an empty nester,” Ryan said.
The posturing within GOP ranks has been underway for weeks. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana has been laying the groundwork for that battle, as has House Republican Conference Chairman Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington. Chief Deputy Whip Patrick McHenry of North Carolina will be favored for House Republican whip.
There are wildcards, however. Rep. Peter Roskam (R-Ill.), who has recently gained favor with the conservative right, is expected to eye a slot.
Boehner is one in a long line of speakers who have struggled with unrest in their own ranks, perhaps most notably dating back to Jim Wright, a Texas Democrat ousted in 1989 who lamented the “mindless cannibalism” of his colleagues. In the aftermath of Wright's resignation, hyperpartisanship seemed to take hold, leading to heightened gridlock in Congress that many subsequent speakers have fought to break loose.
Republicans react to John Boehner's resignation From Donald Trump to Mitch McConnell, Republicans react to the news of John Boehner's resignation. poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201509/1719/1155968404_4509789314001_GOP-boehner.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true
As for Boehner, there will be time for his close-knit team of aides to toast his speakership. He is holding a barbecue Sunday in Washington for current and former staff.
Conservatives celebrated Boehner's departure. “Americans deserve a Congress that fights for opportunity for all and favoritism to none,” Heritage Action CEO Michael Needham said in a statement. “Too often, Speaker Boehner has stood in the way.”
In another sign of the triumphant feeling among conservatives, the crowd at the Values Voter Summit broke into cheers when Sen. Marco Rubio announced that Boehner was stepping down.
President Barack Obama, meanwhile, had kind words for Boehner, despite their often-friction-filled relationship. Obama, speaking at a press conference with Chinese President Xi Jinping, described Boehner as a "good man" who “has kept his word when he's made a commitment.
”Boehner understood," Obama added, that “you don't get 100 percent of what you want, but you have to work with people who you disagree with, sometimes strongly, in order to do the people's business.”
At her weekly news conference, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) called the resignation "seismic" and "a stark indication of the disarray of the House Republicans.”
Pelosi and Boehner had not spoken as of Friday morning, Pelosi said. She had called him around 8:30 a.m. Friday to check in on the latest on the government shutdown fight, but was told he was in a meeting and that he would call back. She found out during a weekly Democratic Caucus meeting, as phones lit up with the news of the resignation.
Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.
This article tagged under: John Boehner
Republicans
Percentage of undernourished population
Since 1990-92, undernourishment has dropped from 18.6 percent to a projection of 10.9 percent for 2014-16, very close to the UN's target of halving the proportion of undernourished people. Explore how each country has changed since the early 1990s and their progress towards achieving their goal.
1990-1992 2000-2002 2005-2007 2010-2012 2014-2016 Progress
5% 15% 30% 50% 75% Missing or insufficient data
Target not achieved, with lack of progress or deterioration Target not achieved, but slow progress Target achieved Not applicable, missing or insufficient data
Present-day boundaries shown
Progress towards reducing hunger
Take a look at how the least developed countries, as defined by the UN, have progressed toward their target over the last 25 years (sorted by current percentage, from best to worst). Countries in green have reached their target; those in red have not. Countries inhave reached their target; those inhave not.
Kiribati and Mali not shown; both countries had less than 5 percent of undernourished population in the 2014-2016 period.
1990-1992 2000-2002 2005-2007 2010-2012 2014-2016 Millennium Development Goal target for 2015
Back to top of the chart
NG STAFF SOURCE: FAO
Journal that holds record for retracted papers also has a problem with editorial board members
Almost every scientific journal has to retract a paper once in a while. But at Tumor Biology , when it rains, it pours. Last month, its former publisher, Springer, announced that the journal was retracting 107 papers all at once, after finding that the peer-review process had been compromised. It was the third mass retraction at Tumor Biology , which now holds the unenviable world record for most retracted papers, according to Retraction Watch.
But that's not Tumor Biology 's only problem. Science Insider has discovered that the journal's editorial board, as published online, contains the names of several scientists who say they have no relationship whatsoever with the journal—including German Nobel laureate Harald zur Hausen. Until a few months ago, the board's membership list even included a researcher who passed away in 2013.
Tumor Biology is owned by the International Society of Oncology and BioMarkers (ISOBM), and was published by Springer until last year; since January, the journal has been published by California-based publisher SAGE. Its editorial board is supposed to review submissions and offer advice on editorial strategy.
Springer previously retracted articles from the journal in 2015 and 2016—in both cases along with papers from other journals—because of fake peer reviews. Like many journals, Tumor Biology allows authors to suggest reviewers; in this case, the reviewers were either made up, or had the names of real scientists but false email addresses. Manuscripts sent to these fake reviewers invariably received positive reviews that helped get the paper accepted. “We are now reviewing our editorial processes across Springer to guard against this kind of manipulation of the peer review process in future,” the publisher said in an August 2015 statement.
The latest retraction wave came about after an investigation prompted by the 2016 retractions, a Springer spokesperson says. Whereas many previous retractions were for articles from Iran, all the newly retracted papers appear to have originated in China. Springer says there is “some evidence” that companies specializing in manuscript editing and submission, used by some Chinese researchers to help get their papers published, played a role. “It is unclear whether the authors of the manuscripts were aware that the agencies were proposing fabricated reviewer names,” a spokesperson says.
But Springer acknowledges that the journal may be partly to blame. In at least one case, the authors of a retracted article claim they didn't use an agency and did not propose fake reviewers—which suggests the journal's editors invited the fake review instead. The spokesperson says that may have happened because editors kept the contact information of fake reviewers in their database. She says an update to the retraction notice will clarify the issue.
Meanwhile, at least five scientists listed as members of Tumor Biology 's editorial board now or before the takeover by SAGE in December 2016 say they have no involvement with the journal or ended their membership many years ago. ( Science Insider tried to contact every person listed, by email or by phone.) Zur Hausen, of the German Cancer Research Center and Heidelberg University, says he wasn't aware he was on the list, and that to the best of his knowledge he has never even reviewed a paper for Tumor Biology . Isaiah Fidler from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston says he has “no relationship” with the journal and has asked Tumor Biology 's editor-in-chief, Torgny Stigbrand of Umeå University in Sweden, to remove his name “immediately.” Donna Pauler Ankerst from the Technical University of Munich in Germany says she resigned from the board in 2013, and Abraham Fuks from McGill University in Montreal, Canada, wrote that he “had no contact with the journal or the society for at least fifteen years.”
Seven members of the editorial board could not be contacted, in some cases because they no longer work at the institutes listed on the journal's website. Manfred Rajewsky of the University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany, who was listed as a board member until the January takeover by SAGE, passed away 4 years ago. (His name is still on Springer's archived website for Tumor Biology .)
Sixteen board members did not respond to requests from Science Insider; six others did but did not answer specific questions about the retractions. Stigbrand did not respond to questions either.
A Springer spokesperson says responsibility for the editorial board lies with ISOBM; the society “exercises sole control of the editorial development and editorial content of the journal,” they wrote. Several current and former ISOBM board members did not respond to questions by email from Science Insider; the society's homepage is currently offline.
A spokesperson for SAGE says the company and ISOBM agreed in December 2016 to restructure the board, and that changes are “currently being made.” The publisher says it has overhauled the peer-review process at Tumor Biology and that manuscripts are now sent to at least two reviewers not recommended by the authors.
Springer has said it will develop tools for its remaining journals that should make the peer-review process more robust and help verify reviewers' identities.
On this day in 2004, an 18-year-old Wayne Rooney, relatively unknown outside of the Premier League, burst onto the Champions League scene with arguably the best debut Old Trafford has ever seen.
Signed from Everton in the summer of '04, Rooney was named in Sir Alex Ferguson's starting eleven to face Turkish giants Fenerbahce – and what a decision that was.
The then young striker scored a hat-trick (including a goal directly from a free-kick) and picked up an assist on his first game for one of the biggest clubs in the world.
Since then, he has gone on to score World Cup and European Championship goals for England, a goal in a Champions League final for Manchester United and is now the captain of both sides, wearing the number 10 shirt proudly for club and country.
Now 29, the little boy from Croxeth has matured; helped in part by the mass of trophies he has won – they are as follows, including a small selection of his personal accolades:
Premier League: 5League Cup: 2Community Shield: 3Champions League: 1Club World Cup: 1FIFPro World Young Player of the Year: 1 (04-05)Premier League Player of the Season: 1 (09-10)Premier League 20 Seasons Award – Best Goal: vs Man City, 2011.
Here's a slideshow illustrating Wayne's 11 years as a pivotal player for Manchester United – and let's hope for many more!
Quotes
AUSTIN, Texas – For the second straight day the Texas baseball team received a dominant pitching performance, with Nathan Thornhill tossing eight shutout innings, and the No. 8/9 Longhorns completed a series sweep of Baylor with a 4-0 victory Sunday afternoon at UFCU Disch-Falk Field.
Texas (26-7, 6-3 Big 12) picked up its 11th win in the last 12 games, with Thornhill continuing a fantastic start to his senior season. The Cedar Park native picked up his career-high fifth win and lowered his ERA from 0.88 to 0.73, best in the Big 12.
Thornhill had perhaps his best outing all season, surrendering just two hits and facing two over the minimum in eight innings of work. He retired the side in order in the first, second, fifth and eighth innings, and got great defensive play behind him throughout.
Thornhill outdueled Baylor (15-16, 4-7 Big 12) starter Dillon Newman (3-2), who was saddled with the loss after allowing one run on three hits in six innings. Newman kept Texas hitless – and off the scoreboard – through the first four frames.
Texas broke though in the fifth, when Kacy Clemens led off with an infield single. After Zane Gurwitz moved the runner into scoring position on a sacrifice bunt, Brooks Marlow brought him in with a single up the middle to give Texas a 1-0 lead.
After Newman was lifted after six innings, Texas took advantage of Baylor's bullpen in the seventh to break the game open. Gurwitz led off the inning with a single and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt, and Ben Johnson followed by bunting for a base hit. The Bears intentionally walked Mark Payton to load the bases and bring up Tres Barrera , who doubled to the gap in right center to score two runs.
The Horns loaded the bases again when Shaw drew a walk, and brought in the third run of the inning on a RBI groundout by C.J Hinojosa .
That would be all Thornhill would need, who has allowed just four earned runs all year and went eight innings in a start for the third time this season.
Texas, which is fielding at a .981 clip this season, got good defense throughout. Gurwitz made a slick, backhanded grab towards the third-base line to save a double in the first inning. Barrera threw out a runner trying to steal second to end the third, and another in the sixth. Payton had a highlight-reel play to end the sixth when he charged hard and made a diving grab in shallow center field.
Next up for the Longhorns is a Tuesday matchup with No. 12/18 Rice at UFCU Disch-Falk Field. The Longhorns will go for the season sweep at 7 p.m.
The election of Reince Priebus as the new chairman of the Republican National Committee late last week was that rarest of events in modern politics: a dramatic series of votes in which the outcome was genuinely uncertain.
Priebus, the chairman of the Wisconsin Republican Party, finally claimed victory on the seventh ballot, but he wasn't the only winner of the day - just as Chairman Michael Steele, who bowed out after four rounds, wasn't the only loser.
Here's the Fix's look at the best and worst of the race.
Winners
The Republican establishment. Priebus is the safest of safe picks for a party looking to end the drama that surrounded its chairman over the past two years. Priebus ran as the anti-Steele, emphasizing his low-profile approach to politics and his humility. That lack of distractions is exactly what the GOP needs at the moment as field of would-be presidential nominees begins to take shape.
Maria Cino. Before the voting started, almost no one gave Cino, a longtime party operative, much of a chance. But a strong - and surprising - third-place finish on the first ballot set the stage for what was to come. Cino remained a major player in the race to the end and, in so doing, probably bolstered her standing within the party.
Scott Walker/Paul Ryan. Walker, the newly elected governor of Wisconsin, and Ryan, a Badger State congressman, are widely touted as rising national stars in the GOP. Now both have a major home-state advocate sitting at the helm of the RNC.
Henry Barbour. Barbour, a national committee member from Mississippi and the nephew of Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour, was instrumental in rallying support for Priebus before and during the vote. After being on the losing end of a challenge to Steele in 2009 - Barbour backed then-South Carolina GOP Chairman Katon Dawson's candidacy - the Mississippian picked a winner this time around.
The tea party. One of Priebus's strongest selling points for chairman was his ability to unite the establishment and tea party wings in Wisconsin, a tough task that he will now have to repeat at the national level. The recognition of the need to listen to and work with the tea party suggests that the GOP establishment is well aware of the power of the movement.
Twitter. The micro-blogging service proved - yet again - that it is the tool of choice for people hoping to follow the incremental developments in a big political story.
Late-night comics. Stephen Colbert has already done a number on the odd name of the new GOP chairman. Expect more where that came from.
Losers
Steele. It was a foregone conclusion that Steele couldn't win a second term. After being rebuked by the 168 members of the RNC, however, he dropped out and endorsed Cino. But even then, Steele couldn't deliver nearly enough votes to overcome Priebus.
Ann Wagner. The former Missouri Republican Party chairman was seen as the most likely candidate to challenge Priebus's front-runner status when the voting began. But Wagner started slowly and was never able to build significant momentum. And when she dropped out of the race after the sixth ballot she endorsed no one, thus leaving little mark on the proceedings.
John Boehner. The new House speaker made a major play on behalf of Cino, even appearing at an event for her on the same day as the memorial service after the shootings in Tucson - a move that drew considerable criticism from Democrats. While Cino did outperform expectations, she didn't win - meaning that Boehner picked the wrong horse to lead the party.
Late-night comics. With Steele in the public eye far less after his ouster as chairman, it could be a bit of a political dry season on late-night TV.
Vesta is the brightest and the second largest asteroid. It reaches opposition on Aug. 5, 2011 and may just be visible to the unaided eye in a dark sky in the constellation Capricornus.
With all the publicity on NASA's final space shuttle flight a few weeks ago, some people may have missed another cosmic milestone: On July 16, NASA's Dawn spacecraft entered orbit around the asteroid Vesta to spend the next year orbiting the space rock before heading off to an encounter with the dwarf planet Ceres.
Vesta is unusually bright among the asteroids because of its different mineral makeup. It is actually brighter than Pallas, the largest asteroid, and Ceres, the dwarf planet formerly classified as an asteroid. At 318 miles (512 kilometers) in diameter, Vesta is slightly smaller than Pallas, which is 326 miles (524 km). Both space rocks are much smaller than Ceres at 595 miles (957 km).
Did you know that you can see Vesta with your unaided eyes?
This week Vesta will be in opposition, its closest point toward Earth, and in an area of the sky with few stars, making it relatively easy to see. The sky map of Vesta available here shows where to look to spot the asteroid this week.
Strangely enough, being in an area bereft of stars can make this asteroid easier to see, because there are no bright stars nearby to confuse the viewer. However, it takes an experienced observer to spot the constellation in which it is located, Capricornus. [Close-Up Photos of Vesta]
How to spot Vesta
To see Vesta, you will need sharp eyes and a dark country sky.
Most people will find a good pair of small binoculars a useful aid in locating the asteroid. Assuming you're in the Northern Hemisphere, look towards the southern horizon around 1 a.m. local time. Bright Sagittarius will be off to your right, and due south will be the upside-down triangle of Capricornus.
As a whole, Capricornus is a constellation with few bright stars, but the stars that are visible form a very clearly marked triangle, with its brightest stars in its upper left and right corners.
The chart labels the stars with their magnitudes, their brightness measured on the upside-down scale which astronomers use, where the brightest stars are "1" and the faintest stars visible to the naked eye are "6."
Dark skies needed
Vesta is at the faint end of that scale at magnitude 5.6, but for the next week it will be located in a part of Capricornus which contains no stars anywhere near that bright, so Vesta will stand out against that dark area.
The skywatching chart mentioned earlier shows Vesta in its position at opposition on Friday, Aug. 5. It is moving from left to right in a line parallel to the lower right side of the Capricornus triangle.
Vesta moves about half the moon's diameter every 24 hours, so its movement will be obvious from one night to the next. In a telescope at high magnification, you can see it move over a few minutes watching.
This article was provided to SPACE.com by Starry Night Education, the leader in space science curriculum solutions. Follow Starry Night on Twitter @StarryNightEdu.
ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - An Ethiopian court sentenced an opposition politician to six and a half years in prison on Thursday over a series of anti-government comments on Facebook that it said encouraged terrorist acts, his lawyer said.
Yonatan Tesfaye, a former spokesperson for the opposition Semayawi Party, was arrested in 2015 and charged in May last year over remarks he made about anti-government protests on the social media site.
Hundreds of people died in anti-government demonstrations in 20015 and 2016 in the Horn of Africa nation.
Since then, more than 26,000 people have been detained, including many opposition activists, according to an April parliamentary report. A state of emergency has been partially lifted, but many restrictions are still in place.
Yonatan's charges were brought under a 2009 law that prescribes jail terms of 10 to 20 years for anyone convicted of publishing information that could induce readers to commit acts of terrorism.
His lawyer Shibiru Belete said Thursday's sentence handed down by a high court in the capital Addis Ababa took into account the 17 months Yonatan has already spent behind bars.
“That is unless it is reversed by appeal (by prosecutors),” he told Reuters.
Thursday's sentencing comes a day after Ethiopia convicted a journalist of inciting violence against the state. Reporter Getachew Shiferaw will be sentenced on Friday.
Critics say Ethiopia, sandwiched between volatile Somalia and Sudan, regularly uses security concerns as an excuse to stifle dissent and clamp down on media freedoms.
Ethiopia's 547-seat parliament does not have a single opposition politician in it.
Opposition groups accuse the government of constant harassment and intimidation.
The world's largest green building event kicked off with a bang last week at the heart of our nation's capital. While Greenbuild always features plenty of education sessions, talks, and tours, our favorite event will always be the trade show expo that, as always, was brimming with the newest innovations in sustainable design. We set off to explore the very best the trade show had to offer, from the world's first Cradle to Cradle-certified solar panels to a net-zero energy daylight harvesting system. Keep reading to see our favorite picks for sustainable innovations from Greenbuild 2015.
Solar panels for buildings are no longer restricted to rooftop systems. Onyx Solar developed innovative “building integrated photovoltaic solutions” that make it possible for rain screens, skylights, and even pavers to generate solar energy. With a payback time of less than one year, their photovoltaic glass produces electricity while providing thermal and acoustical insulation. Our favorite of the Onyx Solar products were the transparent and walkable photovoltaic floors, which can be constructed in a variety of colors and lit from below.
The American Bird Conservancy (ABC) estimates that up to a billion birds die due to glass collisions every year in the United States. Fortunately, companies like GlasPro have created a bird-friendly glass specially coated with UV liquid, making the glass visible to birds, which can see ultraviolet light, but invisible to the human eye. We were particularly impressed by how GlasPro's product is completely clear, unlike other bird-friendly glass alternatives that have thin but visible lines scoring the glass.
Marine Armor Defense (or MAD Products) developed an amazing all-purpose coating that can make virtually any surface waterproof, flame-resistant, acid-resistant, and rust preventative. The IMO-certified eco-friendly coating is water-based and comes in a liquid form that can be painted or spray-painted. When dried, the highly reflective UV stable material has a 1500-psi tensile strength and can withstand the full freeze and thaw cycle. The product, which can withstand 200-mile-per-hour winds, will soon be used to paint the roofs of housing in Haiti as part of a humanitarian project.
Winner of the USGBC's 2014 Best Product for Water Efficiency, the Original Rainwater Pillow has been a staple of Greenbuild's Expos for years. The innovative rainwater and stormwater harvesting system is horizontal, meaning it can be easily tucked away in unused spaces, such as beneath decks, and customized to a variety of sizes. The collected rainwater can be used for irrigation or hooked up to a secondary water treatment and filtration system that will clean the water to a drinking level standard found to be most often cleaner than any other water source.
SunPower is the world's first and only company to receive Cradle to Cradle (C2C) certification for their solar panels. This means that their C2C-certified E-Series and X-Series solar panels were created from materials safe for humans and the environment, manufactured using renewable energy and water-efficient technologies, and can be recycled at the end of the solar panels' life. This is a huge feat given that one of the biggest criticisms against solar panels are the often environmentally toxic materials and processes used in manufacturing.
This year's Greenbuild show home was the stunning net-zero Unity Home, a solar-powered prefab assembled in just three days. Filled with eco-friendly and Cradle-to-Cradle certified products from floor to ceiling, the modern LEED v4 Platinum-seeking home combines high quality prefab construction with state-of-the-art products. Unity Homes' incredible and beautiful prefab construction is paving the way towards affordable, smarter, and more sustainable housing.
The darling of KOHLER's booth at Greenbuild 2015 was KOHLER Clarity, a ceramic water filtration system that eliminates over 99 percent of contaminants and costs less than a penny per person per day to operate. The sleek but simple design was developed in collaboration with World Vision, iDE, Water Mission, and others to bring safe and reliable drinking water to developing nations around the world. Field testing has already begun in November in India and Africa. The water system can filter up to 40 liters of water per day.
Tubular daylighting devices have been around for decades, but Replex Plastics created one of the most forward-thinking net-zero energy daylight harvesting systems we've ever seen. Their high-efficiency sky dome funnels natural light into the building during the day, without allowing solar heat gain, and is paired with LEDs that auto-dim or brighten in response to daylight sensors. The LEDs are powered with rooftop photovoltaic arrays that are sized using an algorithm that looks at daylight resource data for the building's location.
+ Greenbuild 2015 coverage on Inhabitat
Images © Lucy Wang
Industrial orders down 14.3% Turnover falls 3.1% compared to March 2011
(ANSA) - Rome, May 18 - Istat provided further evidence of how hard the recession is hitting Italian business on Friday, when it released figures showing that industrial orders were down 14.3% in March compared to the same month in 2011.The national statistics agency said the figure, which had not been adjusted for seasonal factors, was the biggest fall since August 2009. There was some positive news though, as Istat added that March's industrial orders were up 3.5% on February this year.Industrial turnover was 3.1% down in March compared to the same month last year and unchanged with respect to February 2012. Istat said weak domestic demand was a big factor in the falls in orders and turnover.
Itanimulli Hoax ?
You were probably shocked to find out that the url itanimulli.com (itanimulli is the reverse spelling of illuminati) leads to the NSA government website NSA.gov. I will soon prove that this is only a prank (a funny one at that) conjured up by a Mr. John Fenley from Provo Utah. He is just a person, and does not work for the government. He does not believe in the illuminati or the new world order. This is just a prank, as it is very easy to buy a domain name and redirect it to another website. John Fenley is an american who also owns the website pontifier.com, and has a youtube channel called pontifier @ youtube.com/user/pontifier. He has actually admitted all of the above, that he doesn't believe in the illuminati or new world order, and that it was all a stupid prank. You can read an email conversation that John had with Harry Thomas at snardfarker.ning.com/profiles/blogs/itanimullicom-ltlt-the-facts giving all the details of why he did it.
If you still don't believe me, take this into consideration: You can look up the owner of almost any website through the http://www.who.is service. The information for the site is below
This is the owner of ITANIMULLI.COM
Registrant:
John Fenley
1985N 360E
Provo, Utah 84604-1803
United States
Registered through: GoDaddy.com, Inc. (http://www.godaddy.com)
Domain Name: ITANIMULLI.COM
Created on: 20-Nov-02
Expires on: 20-Nov-10
Last Updated on: 25-Nov-09
So now we can say for sure that itanimulli.com is a hoax because all government websites are hosted on private servers with IP's registered on closed DNS servers, and godaddy is clearly a public domain name registrar.
Yet, after all that has been said it is still strange that the NSA still allows the link to their site after all these years.
Do you still believe the itanimulli hoax is real? Leave a comment and let us know what you think.
A new federal memo guiding the deportation of undocumented immigrants could undermine efforts by the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office to cultivate those same people to assist in criminal prosecutions.
With the guidelines, released Monday by the Department of Homeland Security, the Sheriff's Office finds itself straddling a divide between a long-standing effort to make inroads into immigrant communities and its agreement with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to deport undocumented inmates under the federal 287(g) program. The Sheriff's Office is one of 32 law enforcement agencies in the country that has partnered with ICE on the program, which is set for expansion under President Donald Trump.
Under President Barack Obama, deportations through the program had typically been reserved for serious offenders, according to several Jacksonville-based immigration attorneys. But Monday's Homeland Security memo expanded the 287(g) program's enforcement priorities, which were narrowed under the previous administration.
Effective immediately, the memos prioritize for deportation categories of people who would have previously been allowed to stay in the country — one example being those who have "committed acts that constitute a chargeable offense," a category seen as disconcertingly broad by the American Immigration Lawyers Association.
The shift in policy has the potential to affect the Sheriff's Office's International Affairs Unit, which has for nearly a decade helped to secure visas for certain undocumented immigrants who were victims of crime in exchange for cooperation in prosecutions. Now, some of those same crime victims could potentially be seen as priorities for deportation.
Lauri-Ellen Smith, a spokeswoman for the Sheriff's Office, said it's too early to tell how the president's executive order and the federal guidelines will be implemented in Jacksonville, or how they might affect its international unit.
"It's too early for us to comment on the [executive order] until the implementation rules are set and the impacted agencies meet and discuss," Smith said. "And too premature to talk about how implementation might impact any specific unit in the agency."
Nine Jacksonville-based immigration attorneys said that their clients have described a state of fear in many immigrant communities since the late-January executive orders pertaining to deportations.
One of those attorneys, Enrique Barquinero, described a "vast demographic of society on the verge of a panic attack."
"You have parents not sending their kids to school," Barquinero said. "You have people that could possibly have some communicable disease not seeking help."
The attorneys differ, however, on where the city is headed in the near future. Some see the recent federal guidelines as a blueprint for countywide mass deportations, while others believe that enforcement efforts will be less drastic. Tamara Spicer, an ICE spokeswoman, stressed that there are no plans to expand its partnership with the Sheriff's Office beyond Duval County jails.
John Gihon, a former ICE attorney and Jacksonville prosecutor who now practices immigration law, said that ICE officers and attorneys themselves are "still trying to comprehend these memos and the implementation." He emphasized that the president's actions on immigration have not expanded the law, but rather retooled how that law is enforced.
"This comes down to, politically, what do you think is the best thing?" Gihon said.
A HISTORY OF OUTREACH
Immigration attorneys spoke highly of past efforts by the Sheriff's Office to reach immigrant communities, which became targets for criminals in the early 2000s. Back then, criminal gangs sought out undocumented people because they often carried cash and were afraid to report crimes to police, Gihon said.
"When I was a prosecutor, it was rampant," he said.
The Sheriff's Office declined to make the head of the International Affairs Unit available for an interview, but immigration attorneys said the program has been less robust in recent years than it was under U.S. Rep. John Rutherford, who was sheriff until mid-2015.
A Sheriff's Office annual report from 2015 laid out the duties of its International Affairs Unit officers. They included appearances on Spanish-language radio stations to conduct information campaigns, partnerships with Mexican and Honduran consulates to provide identification to undocumented people in Duval County, and workshops with local attorneys to educate Spanish speakers on how to avoid scams.
The goodwill garnered by the international unit, however, could be waning. Attorneys were split over whether they would tell undocumented clients to avoid contact with law enforcement in any capacity, given the uncertainty in the current climate.
"If I encounter a victim of a crime who has not contacted law enforcement, I still encourage them to do that," said Ericka Curran, a Florida Coastal School of Law professor and immigration law expert. "Even though I'm more nervous now."
Another immigration attorney, Stephanie Scarborough, said the program's reach has narrowed considerably in the past year.
"My clients are worried about going to it now," Scarborough said. "They would be worried about any contact with law enforcement at this point."
THE FUTURE OF DEPORTATION
The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office is one of two law enforcement agencies in Florida to participate in the federal 287(g) program. A Sheriff's Office spokesman said that there are currently four officers, one sergeant and one lieutenant who are trained under the 287(g) program and two additional officers awaiting training.
Rutherford said, "During my tenure as Sheriff, 2,281 illegal aliens from 175 countries were processed for deportation. Of those, we processed 387 criminal aliens that had been through the system twice, meaning they were deported but found their way back into our jail.
"These statistics in just one county are staggering and show how the 287(g) program can be a component of a strong immigration enforcement strategy to protect communities from criminal aliens."
There is a growing concern among immigration attorneys that deportations could become more widespread, to include longtime residents and those with families or children who are U.S. citizens.
"When you go to court, you don't know for sure how anything is going to be taken anymore," said Rebecca Black, an immigration attorney in Jacksonville.
Black said that, for instance, she could have a client with significant ties to the community whom she would have advised differently three months ago than she would today.
"Now, I can't tell them how it's going to come out," she said. "That's tough. … The message I'm getting from ICE is: ‘Deport them all.' That's what they've implied."
Ian Weldon, another immigration attorney, said that detention centers were operating at near-capacity even before Trump's executive orders, but "since all the changes, it's like a whole new level."
"We're trying to roll with the changes just as much as ICE is, and everybody is really on edge about it," Weldon said. "We're in real time here."
Ben Conarck: (904) 359-4103
Image copyright AP Image caption Emile Hirsch will spend 15 days in jail as part of a plea bargain
US actor Emile Hirsch has pleaded guilty to assaulting a female film executive during the Sundance Film Festival in Utah in January.
The Into The Wild and Milk star was given a 15-day jail term and 50 hours of community service as part of a plea deal agreed with the prosecutors.
He was also fined $4,750 (£3,048).
Daniele Bernfeld, an executive for Insurge Pictures, told police Hirsch grabbed her in a chokehold at a nightclub in Park City.
The plea deal agreed on Monday means Hirsch managed to avoid the maximum jail sentence of five years. He was told the charges would be dropped from his record if he completed his sentence.
He was slurring his words and struggling to balance after having three or four drinks at the time of the assault, according to public court documents seen by the Associated Press news agency.
But county attorney Robert Hilder said on Monday he had been sober since the incident on 25 January and showed remorse on a number of occasions.
Ms Bernfeld, for her part, said the plea deal did not go far enough, saying the attack had caused her long-term damage. In a statement read out in court, she said she thought she "was going to die" when Hirsch was choking her.
She said the actor grabbed her from behind, put her in a chokehold, pulled her across the table and landed on top of her on the floor, putting his hands around her throat.
Mr Hirsch is best known for his work with Sean Penn. He took the lead role in Penn's 2007 film Into the Wild and starred alongside him in Milk. He also appeared in Ang Lee's Taking Woodstock in 2009.
He was at Sundance for the premiere of the drama Ten A Thousand Saints, in which he appears alongside Ethan Hawke and Asa Butterfield.
Support us AD-FREE Producing content you read on this website takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work. If you value what we do here, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Heavy rainfalls and hail brought by severe thunderstorm swept northern Italy on September 13 and September 14, 2015. Torrential rains caused floods and landslides, and left at least one person dead and 2 more missing.
Severe flooding heavily affected areas along the Po river to the south of Piacenza and across the Genoa port.The traffic near Cortina motorway was stopped by a violent 30 m (98 feet) landslide, the local media reported.
Flooding across Genoa, September 13, 2015. Image credit: Ansa Agency
Strong rainfalls and violent thunderstorms triggered devastating floods causing traffic chaos across the streets of Genova on September 13.
24-hr rainfall accumulation as observed by GPM. Image credit: Google Earth/GPM(NASA/JAXA)
77 mm (3 inches) of rainfall was measured in only 3 hours across the Cuneo province on the border with Liguria, according to the local media report.
Video credit: The Storm
The side of the disruption has also affected the eastern Piedmont and the province of Cuneo, on the border with Liguria, where it fell 77 mm in 3 hours.
One person was found dead near Piacenza town on the river Po, close to his vehicle, while the other 2 people went missing on an adjacent road overwhelmed by the flood waters.
Hail ball size of up to 10 cm in diameter reported in Veneto, September 14, 2015. Image credit: Rete Meteo Amatori
Strong hailstorm ravaged Veneto, leaving behind hail balls of up to 10 cm (3.9 inches) in diameter.
Flood & landslides in many parts of northern #Italy. Man found dead. 2 still missing @RaiNews http://t.co/xNYgbnPXyN pic.twitter.com/pE5BstCp7Y — Valeria Pannuti (@VPannuti) September 14, 2015
In the last couple of years, the northern Italy was especially prone to heavy flooding and landslide accidents which left numerous people injured or dead across the affected areas.
Featured image: Watersprout off the coast of Genoa, Italy, September 13, 2015. Image credit: Dean Gill
Register/become a supporter
Your support is crucial for our survival. It makes this project fully self-sustainable and keeps us independent and focused on the content we love to create and share.
Monthly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $5.00 USD - monthly Option 2 : $10.00 USD - monthly Option 3 : $15.00 USD - monthly Option 4 : $25.00 USD - monthly Option 5 : $50.00 USD - monthly Option 6 : $100.00 USD - monthly Yearly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $50.00 USD - yearly Option 1 : $100.00 USD - yearly
Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio need a pep talk from Herm Edwards: “You play to win the game. You play to win the game."
Trump's insistence at last Saturday's debate that George W. Bush "lied" to America in order to foment the Iraq war was important because it confirms the two big Republican fears about Trump: that he isn't actually conservative, but that he is a conspiracy-minded crank. It also places Trump in direct opposition to a figure most Republicans like very much. (To take just one example, in Quinnipiac's last poll, Trump's favorability among Republicans is +31, George W. Bush's is +67.)
One of the reasons Trump has risen is that he's the only candidate in double-digits who hasn't faced significant opposition advertising. It is inconceivable that Cruz, Rubio, and their assorted Super PACs aren't carpet bombing the airwaves in South Carolina and the other SEC states with anti-Trump "Bush lied" ads. Two weeks from now, "Bush lied" ought to be the first thing that comes to Republican voters' minds' when they think about Donald J. Trump.
Any yet so far from the campaigns . . . nothing. The Cruz campaign is hitting him on judges and social issues. Rubio sometimes dings him on eminent domain. There is no mention, anywhere, of his contention that "Bush lied."
Between them, the Cruz, Rubio (and Bush) campaigns and their Super PACs have spent more than $100 million attacking each other. And now that they've been given a 500 kiloton nuclear weapon to destroy Trump, they're refusing to use it.
Their reticence is the consequence of the reverse prisoner's dilemma they face: Each of the campaigns believes that their best chance to win the nomination is to wind up in a two-way race with Trump. So they are concentrating their resources on eliminating each other. This is not a crazy theory—Trump's favorability numbers within the party are extremely weak and both Cruz and Rubio would stand a good chance of defeating him heads-up.
On the other hand, you never win unless you play to win and the best thing for each of the rival campaigns would be wound Trump in this moment of vulnerability. Tie Trump to "Bush lied" and Cruz and Rubio will pick up Trump supporters as they drop off. (And as Stuart Stevens never tires of reminding people, Trump is sitting on the biggest pile of votes; even his attrition rate is small, the raw number of votes you can peel away from him will be large.)
But even more importantly, hitting Trump with "Bush lied" will poison the well for him in the future, keeping Carson, Bush, and Kasich voters from flowing to him as their candidates drop out. Plaster "Bush lied" all over Trump now and it will stick with him for the rest of the campaign as a piece of permanent signage—a warning that if you sign up with Trump, you're signing up for the Code Pink view of the world, too.
In short, tying Trump to "Bush lied" is a way to both bleed Trump's support now and lower his ceiling in the future.
If the other campaigns don't use this weapon against Trump now, they run the chance of it turning into a dud. Start running "Bush lied" ads in a month when it's a two-man race and it will be old news. By that point, Trump will have made 30 other ridiculous statements. And he'll be able to say, Look, I said "Bush lied" a million years ago and I still won South Carolina, you loser!
Worse still, if the other candidates don't make Trump pay now, it will add to his mystique. People will believe that his support is so durable that he can survive anything—even aligning himself with Code Pink and Michael Moore.
But the truth is that it's easy to survive your mistakes in a campaign if no one makes you pay for them. If Cruz and Rubio don't nuke Trump from orbit with "Bush lied" and he somehow finds his way to the nomination, they'll be thinking not of Herm Edwards, but of Denny Green: Trump was what they thought he was. And they let him off the hook.
Chelsea will hold talks with Diego Costain what promises to be a frantic summer after the striker issued the club with an ultimatum over his future.
Just hours after Chelsea missed out on the Double by losing the FA Cup final to Arsenal, Costa insisted that he would not be pushed to China and Atlético Madrid were the only club he was interested in joining if he left.
Costa claimed he was happy to stay at Stamford Bridge, but contradicted himself by saying he would have to leave if the club signed a new big-money striker. That is unlikely to deter Chelsea in their pursuit of Romelu Lukaku.
Costa's situation is the most delicate facing the club this summer, but as many as nine of the first-team squad who won the Premier League title have doubts over their futures.
John Terry and Asmir Begovic, who will join Bournemouth, are definitely on their way out, while there is uncertainty over Nemanja Matic, Cesc Fàbregas, Michy Batshuayi, Nathan Aké, Kurt Zouma, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Kenedy and Ola Aina.
A ferry from Rosslare to Fishguard failed to dock at the Welsh port due to poor weather conditions.
The Stena Line service left Rosslare at 9am and was due to arrive in Fishguard at 12.30pm.
It failed to reach the port and another attempt to dock at 3.30pm was also unsuccessful.
Stena Line said the ferry was about six kilometres off-shore and would remain there overnight with 87 passengers and 59 crew on board.
It said the safety of those on the vessel was "of paramount importance".
The company added that another attempt at docking would be made at around midday tomorrow.
Meanwhile, Stena Line has cancelled tonight's sailing at 9.15pm from Rosslare to Fishguard because of the poor weather conditions.
Heavy rain across Wales has resulted in homes and schools being flooded and the cancellation of trains.
The bipartisan proposal by Toomey and Manchin will expand background checks. | CBS Photo Gun-rights group endorses gun bill
A major gun rights group is breaking with the powerful National Rifle Association and coming out in favor of the bipartisan proposal by Sens. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) to expand background checks on gun sales.
The Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, which bills itself as the second-largest gun rights group behind the NRA, now supports the Manchin-Toomey agreement.
Story Continued Below
The Senate could vote on the bipartisan proposal by midweek.
“If you read the Manchin-Toomey substitute amendment, you can see all the advances for our cause that it contains like interstate sales of handguns, veteran gun rights restoration, travel with firearms protection civil and criminal immunity lawsuit protection, and most important of all, the guarantee that people, including federal officers, will go to federal prison for up to 15 years if they attempt to use any gun sales records to set up a gun registry,” said the chairman of the group, Allan Gottlieb, in a statement.
( Also on POLITICO: Manchin, Toomey handicap background check bill)
“These advances for gun rights cannot be made unless we win the Senate vote on Tuesday to substitute Sens. Manchin and Toomey's balanced approach for the current draconian background check bill that is pending before the Senate at this time,” he added.
The NRA is adamantly opposed to any expansion of background checks, including the Manchin-Toomey proposal, as are other gun rights groups.
Other big gun rights groups such as Gun Owners of America have joined the NRA in staunch opposition to the Manchin-Toomey proposal, as have conservative advocacy organizations like Heritage Action for America.
( PHOTOS: Politicians with guns)
Asked about the outlook for his bill during an appearance Sunday on CNN's “State of the Union,” Toomey predicted it would be close.
“I think it's an open question as to whether or not we have the votes. I think it's going to be close,” Toomey said.
“We came here to do something,” Manchin said during a joint interview with Toomey on CBS's “Face the Nation.” “We've got a chance to make a difference in people's lives. We have a chance to save lives and not infringe on law-abiding citizens of this country, gun owners like myself and Pat. We have that opportunity, and, God help us, if we don't do it.”
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and other top Democrats hope to force a vote on the Manchin-Toomey measure — which would replace a Democrat-only background checks bill — by Tuesday at the earliest, although Republicans have not agreed to that schedule.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has also not said what amendments Republicans will try to counter with to peel off potential GOP support or force political problems for red-state Democrats up for reelection in 2014.
Inquire Hospice job in Carmichael, CA Travel/Contract RN/Hospice job in Carmichael , California with trustaff Travel Nursing trustaff is currently seeking an experienced Hospice RN for a 13-week travel contract. Hospice Registered Nurses provide hands-on patient ca... View job
Inquire Hospice Registered Nurse opening in Carmichael, CA - $1,850/week (86528) Travel/Contract RN/Hospice job in Carmichael, California with Stability HealthCare was founded in 2009, with the mission of creating a staffing firm that places travel nurse priorities first. We wanted... View job
Inquire Sub Acute: Hospice Travel Registered Nurse (RN) - Carmichael, CA Travel/Contract RN/Hospice job in Carmichael, California with Advanced Travel Nursing A qualified registered nurse position is available with a progressive facility in Carmichael, CA. The RN role includes duties such as assess... View job
THE ABC's plan: confront Attorney-General George Brandis with an audience stacked with “moderate” Muslims and make him hop.
It took precautions. It did not select extremists to ask questions — no jihadists who'd illustrate the danger the Abbott Government is battling. Despite that, last Monday's Q&A backfired spectacularly.
BLOG WITH ANDREW BOLT
It simply confirmed concerns that too many Muslims have a group loyalty and inflamed sense of victimhood that made them the sea in which jihadists swim.
One reason it backfired was that Brandis was brilliant in defending the Government's anti-terrorism strategy. But what really undid the exercise was the audience which grabbed the ABC's microphone.
Bilal Raulf warned that the big anti-terrorism raids should stop ... or else: “This gung-ho approach” against suspected jihadists would just “drive them in a particular direction”. Sheik Wesam Charkawi suggested we should instead give “young, angry Muslim men” what they wanted: “There are legitimate grievances that people have.”
Charkawi implied our anti-terror laws, rather than Islamic terrorism, were the problem: “Given that these new laws create the atmosphere of such a major divide in the hearts and minds of all concerned, isn't it time the Government changed its approach?”
Sayed Hussainizada falsely claimed we now had “a new anti-terror law that is specifically targeting the Muslim community”.
Lydia Shelley, in a hijab, suggested the Government was just picking on Muslims as an excuse for stripping Australians of freedoms: “Don't use the Muslim people, don't use the issue of radicalisation, to really sell these laws, which is really about a sustained attack on civil liberties in this country.”
Walid Sabone asked how police got it “so wrong” in raiding 20 Muslim homes and using perhaps “unnecessary force” to arrest just one man and seize “one plastic sword”. (In fact, the sword was steel, the alleged plot horrific.)
May Fahmi even accused Brandis of hurting Muslims by defending free speech: “Do you think your comment that people have a right to be bigots has given mandate for some to verbally accost Australian Muslims ...?”
And again and again there was the denial. Associate Professor Mohamad Abdalla insisted: “This is not a Muslim problem.” Those watching may beg to differ.
When protecting ourselves is denounced by even Muslim “moderates” as a hostile act, it's clear that extremists are not our only problem.
An attempted child abduction reported by Little River Academy on Tuesday was really just a case of misidentification according to Temple Police.
Academy ISD said someone tried to abduct a child near a bus stop in Echo Village.
The child told police that an unknown man asked him to get into his red truck and that he could play with his puppy.
Police began to patrol the area more frequently and bus drivers and staff members were asked to report any suspicious activity.
However, on Thursday, Temple Police were contacted by a man claiming he was in the area that morning with his red truck and wanted to surprise his grandchild with a ride to school.
The man told police that he approached a child who he thought was his grandson and drove away when he realized it wasn't.
After investigators spoke with the man and inspected his truck and dog, they determined that this incident was only a misidentification by a grandfather attempting to pick up his grandchild.
Copyright 2016 KXXV. All rights reserved.
by The Commentator on 31 May 2013 11:08
The Australian National University (ANU) has apparently banned the satirisation of Islam for fear of inciting violence and creating a backlash.
The Australian newspaper reported this week that the ANU cited international violence in the wake of the Danish cartoons and Innocence of Muslims film to justify its decision to force student newspaper Woroni to pulp a satirical infographic which described a passage from the Qu'ran as a "rape fantasy".
The university also reportedly threatened student authors and editors of the infographic with disciplinary action, including academic exclusion and the withdrawal of the publication's funding. Critics have argued that the university is effectively introducing a "blasphemy law" seeking to protect Islam from criticism.
The piece was the fifth in a satirical series entitled "Advice from Religion" which had previously discussed Catholicism, Scientology, Mormonism and Judaism - none of which drew complaint or university action.
In the April 16th edition of Woroni, authors Jamie Freestone, Mathew McGann and Todd Cooper posed the question, "How should I value women?"
Their answers referenced Aisha, the prophet Mohammed's nine-year-old wife, and described the 72 "houris" - women depicted in the Qu'ran as large-bosomed virgins who are a reward in paradise - as a "rape fantasy".
Following the publication of the paper, the editors were summoned to a meeting with the university's pro-vice chancellor for student experience following a formal complaint from the ANU Students' Association's International Students' Department.
Woroni was informed that it had breached regulations and Australian Press Council guidelines, and that its work posed a threat to the university's security.
A university statement said: "In a world of social media, (there is) potential for material such as the article in question to gain attention and traction in the broader world and potentially harm the interests of the university and the university community. This was most clearly demonstrated by the Jyllands-Posten cartoon controversy ... and violent protests in Sydney on September 15 last year."
The editors co-operated with the university's ban on the parody, raising concerns about the precedent set for freedom of speech on campus and the new "blasphemy" laws.
The Australian also reported that during the controversy, a member of the International Students' Department said words to the effect of, "I don't think you understand the seriousness of this. In Pakistan, people get shot for this kind of thing."
1.1K shares Pin
Share
Tweet
Did you ever wonder what the hair color numbers and letters (“5GB,” for example) mean on the box of hair color?
It's actually really quite simple and is almost a universal system used with all hair color lines. This article will teach you exactly how to read the hair color numbers/labels on the box. Let me explain…
Hair Color Numbers:
The first part of the hair color number you should know about is the actual number. The number is typically going to be somewhere between 1 and 10 (sometimes up to 12, but I will explain that in a minute).
Think of the “1-10” numbers as a scale from black to platinum blonde. 1 is the darkest black, and 10 is the lightest blonde, and all the other colors are the shades in between.
Like I previously mentioned, sometimes particular color lines will have a level 11-12. These are considered to be “high-lift blondes” that are lighter than a level 10 blonde.
So now that you know what the number means, let me tell you about the letter associated with the number….
Hair Color Letters:
The letter associated with the hair color refers to the base tone used in that particular color.
A – Ash
B – Blue
BV- Blue-Violet
C – Cool
G – Gold
M – Mahogany
N – Neutral
NA – Neutral Ash
NB – Neutral Brown
O – Orange
OR – Orange-Red
P – Platinum (Purple)
R – Red
RR – Really red (w/ no brown)
RB – Red-Brown
RC – Red-Copper
RO – Red-Orange
RV – Red-Violet
V – Violet
VR- Violet-Red
W – Warm
These are pretty much the basics of hair color, although some color lines might make their own unique tones to differentiate themselves from the competition. Usually, the color's name will give away the base tone (ex: light ash blonde, etc.)
The other important thing you should know is that if it has double tones, like RV, it means that the first tone is the more prominent one, and the second is added to complement the first. For example, RV (red-violet), means that the color has more red tones with some violet.
So when you put it all together, 5RV means a level 5 shade of Red-Violet (with more red than violet). 10G means a very light golden blonde.
I told you it was simple. To see what some of the undertones look like, check out 10 Different Shades of Red Heads or 10 Different Shades of Blonde Hair.
Your Turn: Did you enjoy this post? I'll love you forever if you share it with your friends on your favorite social media website.
Did you already know how to read hair color numbers/labels? Is there anything I left out? I'd love to read your feedback in the comments section below.
We knew it was coming this month , now we have the day: tomorrow. Yup, PlayStation Home will launch globally on December 11th. The 3D virtual on-line community is like Second Life, only with the risk of rootkit . Hot. All kidding aside, the new service gives PS3 owners a customizable place to chat (voice or text) and play games with other PlayStation Home users through personalized avatars. Just like real life except without acne and all your social shortcomings. Home will be available to download and "experience basic features" for free -- some services (like creating a "club") will require cash though, so be prepared.: Added video of Red Bull's PlayStation Home Air Race game after the break. It's also worth noting that the US is positioning this as an " open beta " whereas the Japanese announcement seems to position this as full production launch.
Each year, more than half a million Americans run 26.2 miles down city streets in one of the country's 1,100 marathons. The chafing and exhaustion induced by all those miles is well-known, but a new study suggests marathons can take a toll even on those who aren't running in them.
A study published Thursday in the New England Journal of Medicine finds that the death rate from heart attacks rises 15 percent on the day of marathons, largely because of delays caused by road closures.
The authors, led by Harvard Medical School's Anupam Jena, analyzed the death rate for Medicare patients hospitalized for cardiac arrest and heart attacks on marathon days in 11 cities, compared to non-marathon days. For example, they looked at the Monday of the Boston marathon, compared with the death rate for the five previous and five following Mondays. Then, they compared it to the death rate in a nearby city that wasn't affected by marathon-related road closures.
It turns out that for every 100 people who have a heart attack or cardiac arrest, an additional four people die if they happen to have it on the day of the marathon.
It took about four minutes longer to reach the hospital by ambulance on marathon days. But the study authors suspect the real reason for the heightened mortality is the delays patients encountered when they tried to drive themselves to the hospital—as about a quarter of them opted to do. In those cases, it can take 30-to-40 minutes longer to reach the hospital on a day with marathon road closures, Jena estimates.
Democrats in Wisconsin accused a Republican state lawmaker of putting factory and mercantile workers' chances for rest at the mercy of their employers, the Madison Capital Times reported.
State Rep. Mark Born's (R) proposal would allow workers in those fields to “voluntarily choose” to waive the state requirement of at least one “day of rest in seven.” The bill is being co-sponsored in the state Senate by another Republican, Van Wanggaard.
“Why would we not want to allow employees who want to earn that money for their family — especially with the tough economic times we've just come through — people are picking up second jobs and things,” Born said regarding the measure. “It seems to me the opponents of this would rather have someone go work a second job than just have the simple opportunity to work those extra days when their employer has work.”
But state Rep. Daniel Riemer, who leads the Assembly Committee on Workforce Development, said the bill could be used to leverage workers into taking less pay, and characterized the bill as a step backwards in the wake of the heavily-criticized “right-to-work” legislation signed into law by Gov. Scott Walker (R) last month.
“There's something culturally, even spiritually important about having a day of rest,” he said. Another Democrat, state Sen. Chris Larson, jokingly called Born's bill the “Abolishing the Sabbath Act” in an interview with The Nation.
“Right now, we're in the regressive era of politics,” Larson said.
Current law requires employers and workers seeking to circumvent the rest requirement for a limited time to petition the state Department of Workforce Development. According to Born, the department granted each of the 232 petitions it received last year.
“My bill just takes out the paperwork and leaves it completely between the employer and the employee,” he said.
But deregulating such a process is the reason the state instituted the rest requirement in the first place, said Paul Secunda, a law professor at Marquette University.
Born's proposal, Secunda argued, “completely ignores the power dynamic in the workplace, where workers often have a proverbial gun to the head. Now this bill will force many workers to strike a bargain with the devil.”
[h/t RH Reality Check]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Doaa el-Adl, a cartoonist from Egypt, shows how cartoons are increasingly becoming a vehicle for female expression
In some Arab countries women still have to ask permission from a male relative to get a passport, marry or leave the country. Although the practice of "male guardianship" is not always enshrined in law, it persists in everyday life within many families.
As part of the 100 Women season, the BBC asked three female cartoonists from North Africa to take up their pens and illustrate how the custom continues to affect women's lives in their countries.
Egypt
"The issue that symbolises male guardianship most in our country is the question of young brides," says award-winning Egyptian cartoonist Doaa el-Adl.
"There is a trend for wealthy Gulf men to travel to the impoverished Egyptian rural areas to find much younger, temporary brides."
As a hard-hitting political cartoonist tackling taboo issues like FGM and sexual harassment, el-Adl frequently courts controversy and has even been accused of blasphemy.
Image copyright Doaa El Adl
The phrase 'young brides' means girls who have just reached the legal age for marriage in Egypt - which is 18 - but whose families marry them off to much older foreign men.
In many cases, the men see these marriages as short-term arrangements and abandon the girls soon afterwards.
El-Adl points out that, paradoxically, a law introduced to try to stop the practice has actually encouraged it.
If a foreign man wants to marry a girl who is more than 25 years younger than him, then he is obliged to pay her family the equivalent of just over US$6,000 (£4,800).
While that is a relatively small price to pay for a wealthy man from the Gulf States, it has proved a big incentive for poor Egyptian families, struggling to cope in increasingly desperate economic times.
"The men in these societies are basically selling these girls off," says el-Adl. "And the state has failed to stop this happening."
What is 100 women?
BBC 100 Women names 100 influential and inspirational women around the world every year. We create documentaries, features and interviews about their lives, giving more space for stories that put women at the centre.
We want YOU to get involved with your comments, views and ideas. You can find us on: Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat, and YouTube.
Spread the word by sharing your favourite posts and your own stories using #100women
Other stories you might like:
'I married a man to keep my girlfriend'
'Adults are so obsessed with children they have no time for important things'
Who is on the BBC's 100 Women 2016 list?
Tunisia
"When I first started drawing, I did so anonymously and everyone assumed I was a man," says Tunisian cartoonist Nadia Khiari.
"They couldn't imagine that a woman could even draw, let alone sketch characters full of humour and wit."
Khiari is the creator of Willis from Tunis - a cartoon cat whose adventures provide a wry commentary on life in post-revolutionary Tunisia.
Her chosen theme for this cartoon - which also features Willis - is the continuing pressure on rape victims to marry their attackers in order to avoid bringing shame on their families.
Image copyright Nadia Khiari
She was inspired to draw the cartoon in response to controversial comments by a male Tunisian TV talk show host who was suspended from his job in October, after suggesting that a young girl who had been subject to years of sexual abuse by three male relatives should marry one of them when she became pregnant.
Attitudes like this persist, Khiari says, despite new legislation introduced in 2014 to enshrine gender equality in the country's new post-Arab Spring constitution.
"The body of a woman belongs to her family and even if she has been subjected to sexual violence, it is the honour of the family that must be preserved above everything, she says.
"The Tunisian administration doesn't recognise rape for what it is. It isn't seen as a serious crime."
Morocco
Riham Elhour was the first ever female cartoonist to be published in the Moroccan press.
Her birthday is on International Women's Day, 8 March, and she says she was "born a feminist."
What started as a childhood hobby became her profession when she won a Unesco award more than 15 years ago.
The theme she has chosen for her cartoon is foreign travel, and the numbers of Moroccan men who are using the law to stop their wives travelling abroad.
Image copyright Riham Elhour
Although many of Morocco's male guardianship laws were overturned in reforms in 2004 and 2014, women still legally need their husband's formal permission to leave the country if they want to take their children with them.
"Men can use this to control women's lives," Elhour says.
Riham Elhour is still the only female cartoonist at her newspaper.
But she remains firmly convinced that through her art she will be able to change the way women are seen in Morocco.
"I want my drawings to stir women to fight for their rights," she says. "I don't want them to moan about being the victim. I am a fighter. All women are fighters."
Video produced by Dina Demrdash
Posted in | at 3:33 AM
Hong Kong's PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) auditing and accounting firm began accepting Bitcoin as a payment for his professional services. The company noted that the first Bitcoin payments that it accepted were local businesses involved in digital currencies and Blockchain technology.
According to PwC Asia-Pacific president Raymund Chao, their decision to accept Bitcoin as a means of payment reflects their move to embrace new technologies. Chao also notes:
"This is also an indication that Bitcoin and other established cryptocurrencies have developed into more widely accepted forms of regulation."
The Phenomenal Performance of Bitcoin
PwC's decision to accept Bitcoin as a payment method occurred at a time when the main cryptocurrency is recording a rise unprecedented financial markets. The most popular virtual currency crossed the $ 11,000 mark for the first time in its short history. This phenomenal performance has resulted in the emergence of questions about whether Bitcoin is a true store of value and means of trading that can be used in transactions or just a day trading game.
PwC's previous work on cryptocurrencies.
PwC has often been one of the first to adopt new technologies. The company has been involved in digital currencies and Blockchain technology since 2014. Among its activities are the publication of statements supporting the role of Bitcoin in promoting innovations in various industries, as well as conducting its own research on virtual currencies
One of the research initiatives launched by the company is a project to investigate the possible application of Blockchain in the wholesale insurance industry. The project was advanced in collaboration with the Long Finance initiative of Z / Yen thinktank. PwC has also set up its own consulting services to advise customers on new technologies.
We want to thank Steve of SoCalUncensored.com for writing this look at some of the great wrestling promotions in the San Diego region.
Southern California has long been a hotbed for independent professional wrestling, but until the last few years the San Diego area was nothing more than an afterthought in the region. Not so anymore as the independent wrestling scene in San Diego has exploded in the last two years.
Unlike the greater Los Angeles area independent promotions running out of San Diego have been few and far between until recently. While occasionally some companies based outside of the area would run in San Diego, California Championship Wrestling, which ran from 1998 to 2001, was the first promotion to call San Diego home. While CCW was somewhat successful after its demise a string of promotions such as WCWA, New Wave, and SAW would come and go with limited success. Occasionally a lucha libre show would run as well, but San Diego's proximity to the Mexican border and Tijuana, and the ease to see much bigger lucha shows, limited those as well.
Now there are five independent promotions that call San Diego home, with a sixth having announced that they will be starting up in June. There is an independent pro-wrestling show available almost every weekend in the area, often more than one. In fact coming up on May 20th three different promotions will all be running in San Diego County. Let's take a look at the promotions.
SoCal Pro Wrestling
SoCal Pro Wrestling is the longest running independent promotion in San Diego's history. They held their first show on April 14, 2007 and last weekend held their tenth anniversary show drawing over 600 people. SoCal Pro Wrestling is somewhat of a spiritual successor to CCW, as the promoter Jeff Dino was a fan of the promotion as a teenager and would bring signs to taunt the wrestlers. The run primarily in North County San Diego, usually at the Oceanside Boys & Girls Club, though they have held smaller shows at their school as well. Their shows are usually made up of wrestlers who trained with their school and other local independent wrestlers. Some of their regulars include Anthony Idol, Mike Camden, SoCal Crazy, Ryan Kidd, and Ricky Mandel. In the past year they have been bringing in more former WWE and WCW stars to their shows, such as Psicosis, Paul London, D-Lo Brown, and most recently Rey Mysterio Jr.
Finest City Wrestling
FCW is run by Gus Parsons and held their first show in 2009. From 2009 until late 2014 the promotion only ran sporadically and wasn't held in high regard. With the addition of B-Boy there was a shift to bringing in better wrestlers and improving the quality of shows that slowly started paying off. They started using Young Bucks regularly and became the biggest drawing promotion in San Diego on average. In 2016 they really broke out and became one of the more popular promotions in Southern California, and finished second to Pro Wrestling Guerrilla in the Southern California promotion of the year award voting. Their regular roster includes wrestlers such as B-Boy, Lil' Cholo (Mr. Cisco on Lucha Underground), Douglas James, Tyler Bateman, and SoCal Crazy. They regularly use Jeff Cobb, Thunder Rosa, Rey Fenix, and Bestia 666 as well. They also opened a school, Battle U, last year with B-Boy as the head trainer. The first couple of students from the school made their debuts earlier this month. Their June 3, 2017 will have Rey Mysterio Jr. and Rey Horus (Dragon Azteca Jr. on Lucha Underground) versus Jeff Cobb and Bestia 666 in the main event. Their shows are normally held in Imperial Beach, with occasional shows elsewhere.
Oddity Wrestling Alliance
OWA started in 2011 and is a hybrid of lucha and American styles, which leans a little more towards lucha. They tend to use a lot of local luchadors mixed with bigger lucha names. On recent shows they've used Rey Fenix, Puma King, and Flamita to name a few. Some regular wrestlers on their shows includes Tyler Bateman, Brody King, Black Boy, Inframundo, and Ryan Kidd. One of the top women's wrestlers in Southern California, Ruby Raze, is their women's champion. Recently they have been using a bar, Border X Brewing, as their main venue. The shows have been taking place on the patio area outdoors, and the lighting has been an issue once it gets dark.
Baja Stars USA
Baja Stars USA is San Diego's only pure lucha promotion currently. They held their first show in early 2016 and have run pretty much monthly since then. Their events normally consist of an undercard filled with local Southern California and Tijuana luchadors and an upper card filled with Tijuana mid-carders and a big name or two that they bring in. In their first year they've used Rush, Pentagon Jr., Fenix, Dragon Lee, and Nicho el Millonario. Their lineup is almost completely different every show, but TJ Boy, Star Boy, and Kid Tornado are about the closest things to regulars they have. They normally run at the Montgomery Waller Rec. Center in South San Diego.
FIST Combat
The newest addition to the San Diego wrestling scene has actually been around awhile. FIST Combat ran regularly in Northern California for years, but with the promoter, Mikey Gordon, moving to San Diego he brought the promotion with him. FIST runs at an American Legion in Barrio Logan and their shows are for ages 21 and up. The venue has really low ceilings which limits a lot of the wrestling and leads to a lot more crowd brawling to compensate. All of the matches are no DQ as well. While they use a lot of local wrestlers such as B-Boy, Eli Everfly, Ryan Kidd, and Jacob Diez, they also have characters such as Dirty Ronald McDonald. It is something else to see someone dressed as Ronald McDonald holding a Happy Meal while cutting an x-rated promo. FIST has ended up being a fun addition to the scene as there is nothing else like it out there. They also have a TV show that airs on public access in Northern California and gets posted on YouTube.
Brave Immortal Combat
Brave Immortal Combat is scheduled to debut on June 4th. Announced for their debut show are Lio Rush, Keith Lee, Dezmond Xavier, Shane Strickland, Eli Everfly, Dax Jayne, Scorpio Sky, Chris Strong, and more. Their show will be taking place at the Jacobs Center in San Diego.
Along with all the independent wrestling the WWE usually makes at least two stops in San Diego a year. This year NXT will be making their San Diego debut on May 6th. Also not included in this is Super Awesome Showdown, which is more like Kaiju Big Battel than an average independent show. Tijuana is also a short trip away and there are lucha libre shows their pretty much several times a week (for more info on going to Tijuana check out SCU's handy Tijuana lucha libre travel guide).
To find out more information on any of the promotions listed here search their names in Facebook, as most (aside from SoCal Pro) don't really have their own website. Without trying to be too spammy, you can also check out SoCalUncensored.com for up-to-date information on all of these promotions and every promotion in Southern California. Our events page is updated regularly and can be searched by zip code.
Follow SoCal Uncensored on Facebook
Published at: May 15, 2015, 10:15 a.m. CST by merrick
I chanced across SHANGHAI NOON on television not too long ago and had forgotten how much I'd enjoyed the (now 15 year old!?!?) film.
I also recall liking SHANGHAI KNIGHTS, its 2003 sequel, quite a bit less. It felt like the right idea (more or less) with the wrong director calling the shots.
Then I remembered there was supposed to be a third installment in the Jackie Chan/Owen Wilson franchise - and that it even had the title SHANGHAI DAWN. But that picture never materialized for whatever reasons, which was kind of sad as it felt like the series' Western/Martial Arts action/culture clash had plenty of avenues left to explore.
As improbable as it may seem, it's now looking that SHANGHAI DAWN film might be getting made after all…
MGM is now reviving the Columbia series, using the same title that was originally intended for the third installment.
[EDIT]
Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson are set to reprise their roles for the long awaited action-comedy sequel SHANGHAI DAWN.
…says THIS piece at The Tracking Board, which also reveals that Jonathan Glickman, who produced the previous SHANGHAI films, is on-board this one as well and is currently mulling writers and directors.
I can't help but think…this could be pretty cool?
===========
Glen Oliver
“Merrick”
- e-mail
- Twitter
Roughly 10,000 baby boomers turn 70 each day. That means they soon will have to take a required minimum distribution from their traditional IRAs and 401(k) plans.
The stakes are high for getting RMDs right.
If you don't make the appropriate withdrawals, you may have to pay a 50 percent tax on the amount that was not taken out as required. Generally, you have to start taking withdrawals from your traditional IRA, SIMPLE IRA, SEP IRA or retirement plan accounts when you reach age 70½. If you are still working, some 401(k) plans allow you to defer RMDs from those plans until you retire.
The prospect of tax reform can change the withdrawal calculation for many retirees. If you believe that Congress will cut taxes by next year, people who turn 70½ can defer their first required minimum distribution to 2018 when income tax rates could be lowed, said Nick Jovanovich, a certified public accountant and partner at law firm Berger Singerman in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
The singer was asked to change the event management company, failing to do so, his relationship with a Mumbai based woman would be made public
Singer-cum-composer Sonu Nigamreceived threat calls from underworlddon Chhota Shakeel, who is dreaded criminal Dawood Ibrahim's close aide. Sonu told the police that Shakeel made several calls and demanded to change the event management company that will handle the singer's 2014 tour.
If sources are to be believed, Sonu was asked to change the organisers of the event as Dawood preferred another event management company. Shakeel also threatened that if the singer failed to do so he would expose Sonu's relationship with a Mumbai-based woman.
Nigam is yet to record a detailed statement and file an FIR. In the meanwhile, the police may provide security to Sonu. The singer had planned a tour in 2014 during which he would have shows in 12 countries.
Oshi has been impressing us for a while now. For example, his fantastic drum work and overall great vibes on his redo of Gallant‘s “Weight In Gold” or the time that he became the youngest ever musician to perform on the legendary Boiler Room series. It's clear that this young U.K. producer is on the rise.
His latest creation is a fun lighthearted ‘redo' of “Ridin Round” by Kali Uchis featuring Tory Lanez that had us in awe. But we weren't the only ones impressed with this cheery, future bass inspired redo.
Internationally known superstar, Lorde took to her Twitter to give props to Oshi with one simple tweet praising the song. I can only imagine that this little tweet will mean in influx of much deserved fans.
hadley showed me this the other night and it's the only thing i feel like listening to @KALIUCHIS @oshimakesmusic ✨ https://t.co/LUfVxDC8Vt… — Lorde (@lorde) January 30, 2016
Keep it up, Oshi!
Kali Uchis – Ridin Round feat. Tory Lanez (Oshi Redo)
Lorde Loves Oshi And So Should You
Tsunami victim is rescued TEN MILES out to sea after clinging to roof of his obliterated house for two days
Amid the unremitting horror and devastation there came a rare story of survival.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa was found floating nearly ten miles out at sea on the roof of his house, two days after the quake struck.
As the wave approached his home city of Minamisoma on Friday, the 60-year-old and his wife took the fateful decision to return home to collect belongings.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa, 60, waves to rescuers before being hauled to safety today
A lifeboat is sent from a Japanese military vessel to rescue the man sat aboard the roof of his house
Shinkawa told his rescuers that the tsunami hit as he and his wife returned home to gather some belongings after Friday's quake
Minutes later Mr Shinkawa was being dragged out to sea in swirling currents.
He was eventually spotted by a navy vessel searching for victims, clinging to the wreckage with one hand and waving a makeshift red flag with the other.
After being hauled on to the rescue boat, Mr Shinkawa burst into tears when he was told that his wife was still missing.
‘No helicopters or boats that came nearby noticed me,' he said. ‘I thought that day was going to be the last day of my life.'
Others were not so lucky.
Harumi Watanabe told yesterday how she gripped her elderly parents' hands as the tsunami crashed through the windows of their family home.
But her parents could not hold on and screamed ‘I can't breathe' before they were dragged underwater.
Miss Watanabe, a shopkeeper, said she had driven home after warnings of the wave's approach.
‘But there wasn't time to save them. They were old and too weak to walk so I couldn't get them in the car in time.'
The man was about about 10 miles offshore from the earthquake-ravaged city of Minamisoma
Mr Shinkawa's wife was swept away in the flood
Miss Watanabe, who lived in Shintona, a coastal town close to the epicentre of the quake, was then left fighting for her own life.
‘I stood on the furniture, but the water came up to my neck,' she said. ‘There was only a narrow band of air below the ceiling. I thought I would die.'
Many continued to hunt for their loved ones in the hope of a miracle.
‘I am looking for my parents and my older brother,' Yuko Abe, 54, said in tears.
‘I also cannot tell my siblings who live away from here that I am safe, as mobile phones and telephones are not working.'
Survivors in the devastated areas suffered for a third day without water, electricity and proper food, as temperatures dropped toward freezing.
Hundreds of thousands of survivors huddled in darkened emergency centres cut off from rescuers, aid and power.
The Japanese government doubled the number of soldiers deployed in the aid effort to 100,000 and sent 120,000 blankets, 120,000 bottles of water and food to affected areas.
.
WASHINGTON -- Some federal and state prisoners could soon be eligible for federal student aid to take college courses while behind bars.
The aid would come in the form of Pell grants, which are for low-income people and do not have to be repaid.
The Education Department confirmed Tuesday that it would conduct a limited pilot program to give prisoners access to the Pell grants. The official announcement was scheduled for Friday, when Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Attorney General Loretta Lynch visit the Maryland Correctional Institution in Jessup, Maryland. The prison has a partnership with nearby Goucher College.
Previewing the program, Duncan said Monday that the administration wants to develop "experimental sites that will make Pell grants available" to inmates to help them get job training and secure a productive life after they are released.
Asked for more details, Duncan told reporters in a call after the speech, "Stay tuned."
Department spokeswoman Dorie Nolt declined to disclose any specifics on the length of the program, which prisoners would be eligible and how it would work.
Congress passed legislation in 1994 banning government student aid to prisoners in federal or state institutions. By setting up the proposed "experimental sites," the administration would be seeking to get around the ban with a pilot program.
The experimental sites section of the Higher Education Act of 1965 gives federal officials flexibility to test the effectiveness of temporary changes to the way federal student aid is distributed. The tests could give the Education Department data to support possible revisions to laws or regulations.
More than 2 million students now receive Pell grants, according to Duncan. The maximum award for the 2015-2016 school year is $5,775.
On Friday, Duncan and Lynch will visit Goucher College's Prison Education Partnership at the Jessup facility. About 50 students are enrolled in Goucher College through the partnership, which does not receive public funding.
The inmates don't pay any tuition, and books and supplies are provided at no cost, according to the partnership.
Goucher is part of the Consortium for the Liberal Arts in Prison, based at Bard College in New York. Wesleyan University in Connecticut and Grinnell College in Iowa also are part of the consortium.
Education Department Undersecretary Ted Mitchell this week called Pell grants "one of the key levers that we have" to increase the college completion rate.
Advocates for expanding federal student aid to prisoners point to societal benefits. A Rand study found that inmates who took part in education programs behind bars had 43 percent lower odds of returning to prison than inmates who had not. Supporters say the correctional education programs are cost-effective compared with the costs of re-incarceration.
Reps. Donna Edwards, D-Md., and Danny Davis, D-Ill., introduced legislation in May that would reinstate Pell Grant eligibility for federal and state prisoners. At the time, Edwards said it would go a long way to helping curb the nation's high incarceration rate through education.
The administration plans for the Friday announcement were first reported by Politico and The Wall Street Journal.
A few weeks ago, I wrote a column about the new version of Venom as he appears in the cartoon series Ultimate Spider-Man. In the column, I praised the writers on the show for bypassing the sticky areas of Venom's continuity, such as his alien heritage and his bonding with Eddie Brock, in order to make for a more streamlined continuity for the character. Recently, Venom was re-introduced to the show with a startling new twist — the creature's host, this time around, was none other than Spidey's best friend, Harry Osborn. Seeing as how this leads to some major ramifications for this version of Venom and for the continuity of both Peter Parker and Harry, I thought it prudent to revisit the topic.
First, let's do a quick recap of what we've seen so far. In the Lethal Protector's debut episode, simply titled “Venom,” Doctor Octopus stole a sample of Spider-Man's blood during a fight between the wall-crawler and one of Doc Ock's Matrix-style tentacled robots. The sample was taken back to Ock's lab, where Norman Osborn implored him to use the sample to create a new line of super-soldiers, which in Norman's dream sequence looked awfully familiar to the Flash Thompson version of Venom currently appearing in the eponymous comic series currently written by Rick Remender.
Eventually, the inky sludge that Ock creates works its way up to Norman Osborn's house, via the toilet, on the same night that Harry is throwing a house party. It is first discovered by Thompson, in a fitting nod to the current comic book iteration of the character, before jumping from one character to the other and finally winding up on Spidey, where it adopts the familiar mouth and white spider / bat chest emblem that we're all familiar with. Spidey beats it with the help of some electric webbing, but a small remnant of the symbiote remains.
Flash forward to the eighth episode of the series, titled “Back in Black,” and we see a black-suited Spider-Man hitting the scene and causing Spidey to look like a second-rate version of himself. As Nick Fury and the other heroes begin to speculate as to who this new Spider-Man is and where he came from, Harry Osborn pulls Peter aside and reveals to him a wrist-mounted device that he's started wearing after the Venom incident a few weeks ago. With the touch of a button, Harry is covered in the inky substance and takes on the appearance of the Black Spider-Man.
Soon, the symbiote's rage and spite overpowers Harry, and he goes from an aspiring usurper of the Spider-Man mantle to the bestial entity that we associate with Venom. The two do battle and Spidey employs another well-timed electro-shock to ward off the symbiote and bail out his friend. The conflict is resolved, although we can be certain that this won't be the last we see of Venom or of Harry Osborn's dark side.
I'm not sure if Harry's Venom works for me in the same way that Flash's Venom does. In my original post about this show's handling of Venom, I said that it proved there was never any need for Eddie Brock in the first place, that if they needed a blond meathead with a petty grievance against Peter Parker and a creepy adoration of Spider-Man, they already had it in Flash Thompson. Flash, after all, goes on to acquire the symbiote anyway in the comics, so assuming they keep Flash as Venom from the beginning, I'm onboard. Venom is meant to be a sort of evil (or at least less-stable) parallel to the Peter Parker / Spider-Man story, and Flash would definitely be that; a twisted version of the bespectacled science geek that gains spider-powers and becomes a hero. Flash / Venom is the flipside to that, being a dumb jock that gets the powers and would go on to be a villain. He is the school bully, which is exactly what Venom is to Spider-Man.
Harry doesn't have this kind of parallel. His connection to Venom is a little different. There is a dark side to Harry, being as he is the unwanted son of a super-scientist and will never live up to his father's expectations. This goes beyond just high school social politics. If my speculations about the upcoming Amazing Spider-Man movie are accurate, Peter will be revealed as the unassuming lab rat of a group of super scientists that his father was a part of. This group, I would imagine, would also include Curt Connors and Norman Osborn, as well as Otto Octavius, Spencer Smythe, and any other scientists in Spidey's rogue's gallery. Each of these characters, with the exception of Otto, have fathered a son that has, in some way, been corrupted or transformed as a result of their work. In this way, Harry's character could be seen as a parallel to Peter Parker, although the Venom suit isn't necessary for that parallel to occur.
Secondly, I am much more of a fan of Harry's work as the Green Goblin than of him as the Black Spider-Man. Granted, it was interesting to see him try to out-Spidey Spider-Man in order to impress his father, who still couldn't be bothered with him by the end of the episode. That stuff worked better than his stint as Venom and really set the stage for his inevitable dark turn later on when it'll be time to chug some Goblin serum, but I'm in no hurry to see him reclaim the Black Spider-Man mantle.
The tragedy of Harry Osborn is that his father hates him, but he becomes the Goblin anyway in order to be closer to his father and to carry on the family name even though his dad didn't think he was worthy of it. I suspect that the show's writers and producers are aware of how well Harry works on his own, as they've recently said that their version of Venom will be used more as a weekly mash-up character, so they are probably still planning to use Harry as a Goblin character. This Venom episode could just be to spotlight his turmoil with his father and his ever-growing darker half.
I would also like to mention my dismay at the overall blandness of the Venom design in this latest appearance. His look here made no attempt at either the ferocity of his ‘90s cartoon counterpart or the snarling punkishness of the Spectacular Spider-Man cartoon series. Instead it's just a very boring rendition of the classic Venom design without any visual hierarchy or bold tweaks. Even the earlier episode in which Flash wore the symbiote utilized a creepy black-teeth-on-black-mouth design that I thought worked pretty well. Where'd that go? I mean you'd expect to at least see some kind of Goblin-esque flair when Harry puts it on, but nope. Nothing. Oh well.
But I suppose, in all honesty, I can't get too angry at the cartoon series that gave us this epic frame…
…or this one.
Black Spidey and Doop to the rescue? Sold.
The Universe of Metro 2033 (Russian: Вселенная Метро 2033) is a long-running series of post-apocalyptic short stories, novellas, and novels, spanning a variety of genres. The works are written by many different authors. However, all publications from the series are supported by Dmitry Glukhovsky and advertised on the official Metro 2033 website.
Contents show]
Overview Edit
Although the project started off in Russia in late 2009, it has grown immensely since then and has consequently been turned into an international programme. To date, over 90 books have been published under this label. The series features not only the creations of Russian writers, but also the creative works of Belarusian, Polish, Ukrainian, British, Italian, and Cuban authors.
It enjoys great popularity in Russia (where a new title is released each month) and other Eastern European countries, such as Poland (where the project is growing rapidly) and Hungary (where it has also gathered a cult following). Outside of the region, Germany has received some translations; even fewer stories from the series have also been published in Italy, Spain, Sweden, France, and South Korea. None of the works has yet been translated into English.
One way of judging which countries are the most interested in the series is by looking at the statistics of the official Russian website for the Universe. Looking at its live stats, the top 5 countries with the most visits (from most frequent to least) are the Russian Federation, Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Poland.
Italy Edit
The Roots of Heaven Edit
See also: The Roots of Heaven (Novel)
Author(s): Tullio Avoledo
First published in: November 2011 (Italy)
Available in: Italian, Russian, Polish, German, Hungarian
Set in: Rome, Urbino, Rimini, Santarcangelo di Romagna, Ravenna, Venice (Italy)
Continued by: The Children's Crusade
The Children's Crusade Edit
See also: The Children's Crusade (Novel)
Author(s): Tullio Avoledo
First published in: March 2014 (Italy)
Available in: Italian, Russian, Polish, Hungarian
Set in: Milan (Italy)
Continued by: N/A
Poland Edit
Achromatopsia Edit
See also: Achromatopsia (Novel)
Author(s): Artur Chmielewski
First published in: March 2017 (Poland)
Available in: Polish
Set in: Warsaw (Poland)
Continued by: N/A
The Promised District Edit
See also: The Promised District (Novel)
Author(s): Paweł Majka
First published in: August 2014 (Poland)
Available in: Polish
Set in: Kraków (Poland)
Continued by: The Promised Human
The Promised Human Edit
See also: The Promised Human (Novel)
Author(s): Paweł Majka
First published in: November 2016 (Poland)
Available in: Polish
Set in: Kraków (Poland)
Continued by: N/A
The Abyss Edit
See also: The Abyss (Novel)
Author(s): Robert J. Szmidt
First published in: August 2015 (Poland)
Available in: Polish, Russian
Set in: Wrocław (Poland)
Continued by: The Tower
The Tower Edit
See also: The Tower (Novel)
Author(s): Robert J. Szmidt
First published in: May 2016 (Poland)
Available in: Polish
Set in: Wrocław (Poland)
Continued by: N/A
In the Firelight Edit
See also: In the Firelight (Novel)
Author(s): 12 Polish writers
First published in: January 2014 (Poland)
Available in: Polish, Russian
Set in: Moscow (Russia), Łódź (Poland)
Continued by: N/A
Whispers of the Fallen Edit
See also: Whispers of the Fallen (Novel)
Author(s): 8 Polish writers
First published in: April 2015 (Poland)
Available in: Polish, Russian
Set in: Kiev (Ukraine), Moscow (Russia), Warsaw, Zwonowice, Radom, Szczecin, Częstochowa (Poland), parts of Slovakia and Hungary
Continued by: N/A
Echo of an Extinguished World Edit
See also: Echo of an Extinguished World (Novel)
Author(s): 14 Polish writers
First published in: March 2016 (Poland)
Available in: Polish, Russian
Set in: Gdynia, Gdańsk, Warsaw, Zabrze, Kraków, Giewont (Poland), Moscow (Russia), Stockholm (Sweden), Dunmore Cave (Ireland)
Continued by: N/A
In Ruins Edit
See also: In Ruins (Novel)
Author(s): 12 Polish writers
First published in: June 2017 (Poland)
Available in: Polish, Russian
Set in: Oleśnica, Katowice, Szczecin, Sława, Ostrołęka, Żar mountain, Warsaw (Poland), Chicago (USA)
Continued by: N/A
Russia Edit
Dark Tunnels Edit
See also: Dark Tunnels (Novel)
Author(s): Сергей Антонов (Sergei Antonov)
First published in: January 2010 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, German, Korean, Polish, Hungarian
Set in: Moscow (Russia)
Continued by: N/A
Piter Edit
See also: Piter (Novel)
Author(s): Шимун Врочек (Shimun Vrochek)
First published in: February 2010 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, Polish, German, Italian, Spanish, Hungarian, Korean
Set in: St. Petersburg (Russia)
Continued by: N/A
Towards the Light Edit
See also: Towards the Light (Novel)
Author(s): Андрей Дьяков (Andrey Dyakov)
First published in: June 2010 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, German, Spanish, Italian, Polish, Swedish, French, Hungarian, Korean
Set in: St. Petersburg (Russia)
Continued by: Into the Darkness
Into the Darkness Edit
See also: Into the Darkness (Novel)
Author(s): Андрей Дьяков (Andrey Dyakov)
First published in: July 2011 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, German, Polish, French, Swedish, Hungarian
Set in: St. Petersburg (Russia)
Continued by: Beyond the Horizon
Beyond the Horizon Edit
See also: Beyond the Horizon (Novel)
Author(s): Андрей Дьяков (Andrey Dyakov)
First published in: February 2013 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, Polish, German, Hungarian
Set in: St. Petersburg, Yaroslavl, Kaspiysk, Vladivostok (Russia), Kazakhstan and the coasts of Southern Asia
Continued by: N/A
Heritage of the Ancestors Edit
See also: Heritage of the Ancestors (Novel)
Author(s): Сурен Цормудян (Suren Tsormudian)
First published in: July 2012 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, Polish, German
Set in: Kaliningrad Oblast (Russian exclave)
Continued by: N/A
The Right to Use Force Edit
See also: The Right to Use Force (Novel)
Author(s): Денис Шабалов (Denis Shabalov)
First published in: August 2012 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, Polish
Set in: Serdobsk (Russia)
Continued by: The Right to Life
The Right to Life Edit
See also: The Right to Life (Novel)
Author(s): Денис Шабалов (Denis Shabalov)
First published in: March 2013 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, Polish
Set in: Serdobsk, Penza, Saransk, Ulyanovsk, Zelenodolsk, Yoshkar-Ola, Yaransk, Kirov, Syktyvkar, Ukhta, Beryozovka (Russia)
Continued by: The Right to Revenge
The Right to Revenge Edit
See also: The Right to Revenge (Novel)
Author(s): Денис Шабалов (Denis Shabalov)
First published in: June 2017 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, Polish
Set in: Serdobsk, Penza (Russia)
Continued by: N/A
Murancha Edit
See also: Murancha (Novel)
Author(s): Руслан Мельников (Ruslan Melnikov)
First published in: January 2011 (Russia)
Available in: Russian, Polish
Set in: Rostov-on-Don (Russia)
Continued by: N/A
The Rest Edit
Many other books have also been published under the Universe of Metro 2033 banner since the launch of Dmitry Glukhovsky's project in 2009, but information about most of them is scarce. The titles of some of these are:
Track Marks
Exit by Force
Marmoreal Paradise
The Wanderer
The North
In the Interests of the Revolution
War of Moles
Bezymyanka
To See the Sun
Below Hell
Ghost Station
Paramedics
Britain
Icy Captivity
The Siege of Paradise
The Last Refuge
Unburied
The Blinding Void
Kingdom of Rats
Muos
The Bad Side of Peace
Hunger
The Witness
Daughter of the Heavenly Spirit
Abode of Dreams
Cat and Mouse
Rublyovka
The One Standing at the Door
Dark Target
Crimea
From the Depths
Blindmen
Dusk at the End of the Tunnel
Snow Leopard
The Measurer
Sisters of Sorrow
The Road of Steel and Hope
Mutant
The Host of the Yauza
Born to Crawl
Rublyovka-2
Crimea-2
The Apostate
Map of Moscow Edit
Highly detailed Polish map of the Moscow metro and its surroundings for the year 2035
Add a photo to this gallery
Gallery Edit
Authors Edit
This proposed legislation is badly needed. There is a common misconception that New Mexico's local law enforcement agencies do not arrest people for marijuana possession. The data tell a wholly different story. According to the Marijuana Arrest Research Program's analysis of the Uniform Crime Reporting data, in 2010 there were 3,277 marijuana possession arrests for a rate of 159 per 100,000. Marijuana possession arrest rates vary widely throughout the State, based in part on marijuana use levels as well as local enforcement policies. Dona Ana, Chaves, Sandoval, San Juan and Bernalillo counties led the State in the number or arrests for marijuana possession, collectively representing 63% of the State's total number of possession arrests (2,055 arrests). Dona Ana County alone represented 28% of the State's total (901 possession arrests).
The first trailer for Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World is here, and if you couldn't tell from that title, it's the new documentary from Werner Herzog, the filmmaker behind such other wonderful movie titles (not to mention wonderful movies) as Aguirre, the Wrath of God, Cave of Forgotten Dreams, and Encounters at the End of the World.
The somewhat enigmatic trailer doesn't reveal much, but it certainly looks Herzog-y. His inimitable, curious perspective and endlessly imitated voice-over are both there, but this time he's turned his eye on the Internet, intoning in his Bavarian-accented voice that “All of us, collectively, have to become the guardians of this fragile new world.” There are more talking heads than usual for a Herzog doc, but if this is as good as his short documentary about texting while driving, or really any of his other documentaries, it'll be worth checking out after it premieres this month at Sundance. The logline, too, is promising, opening with the Herzogian question “Does the internet dream of itself?”
Read more in Slate about Werner Herzog:
Get the biggest Rangers stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BOOKIES have slashed the odds on former Manchester United and Arsenal striker Robin Van Persie making a shock switch to Rangers.
The 32-year-old is currently with Fenerbahce but the Dutch legend is desperate to leave Turkey.
The hitman – who played against Celtic last season in the Europa League – was left out of the squad for tonight's Champions League qualifier as his side beat Monaco 2-1 at home.
That fuelled further rumours that he is heading for the exit door after moving to Turkey in July last year following his departure from Man United.
He has been tipped for a return to England but bookies Sky Bet have now slashed the odds on Van Persie ending up in Glasgow.
The striker was 10/1 yesterday to move to Rangers but those odds have now been whittled down to evens with the Ibrox side the clear favourites to sign Van Persie with Stoke next up at 4/1.
The Dutchman has previously revealed how he was up for a switch to Ibrox in 2002.
(Image: Reuters)
Van Persie was playing for Feyenoord at the time but Rangers could not come up with the right offer despite the best efforts of fellow Dutchman Dick Advocaat, who was then general manager at Ibrox.
Wild rumours on social media have now seen a flood of money lumped on the unlikely move forcing the bookies to slash their odds.
However, the striker is on £5million a year in Turkey and still has two years left on his deal and Fenerbahce will be looking for a sizeable fee for the player who cost them around £4m and a return to the cash-rich Premier League in England still looks the most likely outcome for Van Persie.
Mojang today announced a huge update to its popular Minecraft Pocket Edition app for iPhone and iPad. The big focus of the update is access to new free and paid skins for characters (as pictured above):
Skins are the way you change the appearance of your Minecraft character. Instead of looking like Alex or Steve, you can roll with a different vibe, like a butcher, dog, or plumber. Skins are purely cosmetic – they don't affect the way the game plays or give you any special abilities.
Paid skins are available to purchase in bundles, but users can also upload or create their own as well as find free skins within the game. You'll get around 20 skins for $0.99/€0.79/£0.79 if you opt for the paid bundles.
The update also includes other improvements and new features including the ability to fish and a long list of new animals. The full list of what's new is below:
Multiple language support
Boats with space for two! Take your pet for a pleasant ride.
The ability to throw stuff from boats, including snowballs and eggs
Fishing! Now you can fish for fishies!
Squids!
Spider jockeys!
Cave Spiders!
Bats!
Adorable baby zombies!
Weird chicken jockeys!
Edible clownfish. Yum!
A fancy new World Edit screen so you can rename worlds, change game modes and do other things
Creative players can no longer be set on fire. Controversial
We've stopped cheeky chickens from walking on water
Animals can no longer breed without touching each other ooh err
Drinking milk now removes mob effects
Ridiculous amounts of bug fixes
More cool things that you should discover for yourself
You can grab the updated Minecraft Pocket Edition on the App Store soon (it's submitted to Apple and should arrive any day now).
WASHINGTON/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - In a bid to boost energy development, U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is considering shrinking or eliminating 11 marine sanctuaries designed to protect 425 million acres of coral reefs, marine mammal habitats and pristine beaches.
The review is part of a broader strategy to open new areas to oil and gas drilling and “put the energy needs of American families and businesses first,” according to the order Trump signed in April that triggered it.
But interviews with energy industry representatives signal the effort will likely miss its target. Opening up these areas would likely help wind power companies - which Trump has lambasted - more than oil producers, they say. And neither industry is interested because of the high costs of offshore development, comparatively rich opportunities on land and the public relations headaches of developing protected oceanscapes.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment.
The U.S. Commerce Department is scheduled to issue its recommendations on the sanctuaries, located in the Pacific, the Great Lakes, and the Atlantic, next month. Most public comments submitted to Commerce favored preserving existing sanctuaries.
For a graphic on the protected marine areas, see: tmsnrt.rs/2y7IWS5
While it is unclear how much oil the sanctuaries contain, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management estimates that the Pacific Offshore Continental Shelf holds 10 billion barrels – enough to last the United States nearly two years. Some of that oil may overlap with marine sanctuaries off California's coast.
But the industry has little interest in drilling there.
“Our members are not currently pursuing this opportunity,” said Catherine Reheis-Boyd, the president of the Western States Petroleum Association, referring to four marine sanctuaries off California's coast that are under review.
The WSPA represents major integrated companies including Exxon Mobil, BP, Chevron, and ConocoPhillips, and is focused on the region that would be most affected by the review.
Officials for those companies did not respond to requests for comment.
Other sanctuaries under review include the Thunder Bay Sanctuary in the Great Lakes, the Northeast Canyons and Seamounts in the Atlantic, and sites off Hawaii, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands.
Government offshore drilling lease data reviewed by Reuters shows the oil industry is bidding on less offshore acreage with less money than it has in years, in part because onshore reserves have become easier to tap with new drilling technology.
The average price drillers have bid for available offshore drilling leases in the Central Gulf of Mexico, for example, declined to about $300 per acre this year, from more than $700 per acre in 2013.
Even so, U.S. oil and gas production has surged because of the onshore boom: Production hit 8.85 million barrels per day in 2016, from 5.09 million a decade earlier, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
“It is clear we don't need to take from every portion of our oceans and coasts to maintain a healthy energy economy,” Democratic lawmakers on the House Natural Resources Committee wrote in July in a letter opposing the sanctuary review.
THANKS, BUT NO THANKS
Drillers' groups such as the American Petroleum Institute and the National Ocean Industries Association have expressed support for the review, mainly on the grounds that it sends a strong signal of federal support for the oil industry.
Neal Kirby, a spokesman for the Independent Petroleum Producers of America, said that “it's possible to find the appropriate balance between safety, protecting the environment, and making sure we can move forward with responsible offshore energy development.”
Trump had campaigned on a promise to bolster U.S. fossil fuels production by repealing environmental rules he says unnecessarily hinder drilling and mining. So far he has moved to roll back carbon emissions limits, lift curbs on federal energy leasing, and ease permitting requirements.
The Department of the Interior completed a separate but similar review in August of some 27 national monuments across the country, which include vast areas of protected land.
The recommendations from that review have not been announced, but a leaked version obtained by the Washington Post showed Interior will recommend shrinking some of the monuments where energy resources are available or industries like commercial fishing and timber want more access.
SOLUTION WITHOUT A PROBLEM
Wind industry representatives say that firms could power more than 16 million homes by erecting wind turbines on California's marine sanctuaries - but they would rather look for growth in places where such development is cheaper and less controversial.
California's waters are deep, requiring costly and unproven floating wind turbine technology. Development there would likely also face onerous state regulatory hurdles and potential public opposition.
“The American Wind Energy Association is not advocating for re-visiting any (marine sanctuary) designations,” said Evan Vaughn, spokesman for AWEA. “In general, the designations have not been a barrier to offshore wind development.”
Trump has long criticized wind power as unreliable, producing only when weather permits. He has also called the industry's turbines unsightly – at one point fighting a project within view of one of his Scotland golf course.
Michel Conathan, oceans policy director at the Center for American Progress, a progressive policy advocacy group, said the sanctuary review appeared to hold mostly symbolic value given the lack of oil and wind industry demand.
“The reality is it is not going to happen unless something drastic happens with the economics,” he said.
Follow Trump's impact on energy, environment, healthcare, immigration and the economy at The Trump Effect: www.reuters.com/trump-effect
First, to my mom and dad: Thank you for not teaching racism in our home. I don't remember any denigrating remarks, whatsoever, regarding other races. Today, that means the world to me. It's one of the many reasons that I love you. Unfortunately, I was schooled in racism by the LDS Church and its doctrines. I embraced them fully for 62 years of my life.
Second, to my friends whose gorgeous skin color is not white: I write this as a confession, in hopes that my mind can be reformed in the last decades of my life. I hope to not offend any person, or any race. With tears in my eyes, I know that I'm taking a risk.
Black People & LDS White Supremacy
Until four years ago, the church taught that black people were not valiant in the pre-earth life. Punishment for their non-committal was the black skin they were born with. It was a curse. It was easy to see who was stalwart in the pre-existence. White—valiant. Black—nope, they were cursed. I am a white man. That meant I was better than black men….going all the way back before we were born.
In December 2013, the church published the essay entitled Race and the Priesthood. For the first time, our past racist teachings, doctrines, and practices were officially disavowed and condemned!!! Previous prophets were thrown under the bus. As they should be. Many of their words are super offensive. Super racist. I'm not going to repeat them here. Fortunately, they have now been condemned.
But dammit, for 62 years I believed this crap. I knew without a doubt that it was true. After all, it had been spoken by the prophets who would never lead me astray. How do you get your head free from 62 years of indoctrination?
Well…the official condemnation has helped. Thank you very much.
But…..LDS Church…..you have not atoned for your racist sins, yet. You are hiding the Race and the Priesthood essay. Some will say that it is not hidden. Of course it is. The General Authority in charge of the church history department even admitted as much. Most members don't know it exists. If one does know, it's hard to find. And…you have to know exactly where to look.
I will view my church as The Church of White Supremacy until it makes our condemnation and disavowal in public, where all the members can hear and understand. That includes General Conference talks by apostles and study in our classes on Sunday.
On August 13, 2017, the Mormon Newsroom released this statement: “White supremacist attitudes are morally wrong and sinful.” How ironic that we taught white supremacy for at least 170 years. Seventeen decades of morally wrong and sinful teachings and practices. If we don't start condemning our past from the pulpit, we are no better than the pharisees of whited-sepulcher infamy. Christ called them hypocrites. What would He be calling to us today?
Brown People and LDS White Supremacy
I can't speak for anyone but myself. I don't purport to represent the feelings of any descendants of Native American peoples. In my past life, I referred to them collectively as Lamanites. I don't do that anymore.
From childhood through adulthood, I was taught that the ancestors of the American Indians were wicked. Since they were bad people, God turned their skin from white to a dark and loathsome color. Not just dark, but loathsome! When the brown people started being good, their skin turned white. When they were bad again, their skin changed back to dark and loathsome.
When I was younger, the Prophet pronounced that believing ‘Lamanite' children had already turned “several shades lighter” than their unbelieving parents and siblings.
This is all so damned racist. It makes me cry at the effects that these horribly bigoted beliefs have had….on me.
For what I say next…I ask forgiveness in advance. If you can't forgive me, I completely understand.
This morning, I read a Facebook comment made by a friend. Among other things she said that she had married a Mexican man. The very….first….thought….that popped into my head was, “She settled for second best.” Thinking that she had not married a white man. The thought couldn't have lasted more than a second. Then I caught myself. Then I cried and thought, “Hell, I'm not racist, am I? I know that my white skin does not make me superior. Brown skin, black skin, white skin are beautiful manifestations of the glory of God's diversity.” Nevertheless, the grotesque notion had crossed my mind.
All my life, I have lived with the Book of Mormon precept that brown skin was a curse from God. Today, that's laughable. Except it's not. It's still lodged in some distant & ugly corner of my brain.
This racist teaching has not been disavowed nor condemned by the Mormon Church….yet. It should be.
So…today…I publicly disavow and condemn ALL the Mormon teachings regarding skin color being a curse. Including those contained in the Book of Mormon.
I don't know if this statement will finally sweep away my hideous cobwebs of racism. Cobwebs that are mostly hidden even from myself. Cobwebs that I'm now exposing to the light of day, in hopes that they will be totally burned away.
Paul reports that Christ crucified is a stumbling-block to the Jews and foolishness to the Greeks. I'm beginning to wonder if the Jews and Greeks had a point. Everything that is most destructive about Christianity comes from the Cross — the fetishization of suffering as an end in itself, the valorization of sheer obedience as somehow morally salutary, the conformism that stems from the instinctive embrace of the “necessary evil” as the ultimate good. In my darker moments, I wonder if Christianity was always heading inexorably toward Constantine, just as I wonder whether the Civil Rights movement was always headed toward ritualized protests where people stay in the “free speech zones” and line up to be arrested in an orderly fashion.
In famously convoluted syntax, Paul declares, “but we proclaim Christ crucified, a stumbling-block to Jews and foolishness to Gentiles, but to those who are the called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God” (1 Corinthians 1:23-24). In practice, the power of God has been the power of his own self-vindication, the satisfaction of his wounded honor or his desire for vengeance against a rebellious race, and the wisdom has been the opaque wisdom that trusts “God's will” in an open-ended, incomprehending way. For Paul, though, at least in my reading, the power was God's ability to dethrone the demonic powers and the wisdom was his ability to hit them precisely where they thought they were strongest — in their ability to terrorize, torture, and murder. God sends his messiah to be crucified under Roman law, with the complicity of the co-opted Jewish authorities, and in so doing he exposes the naked illegitimacy of the Roman order.
As with the emergence of the strategy of martyrdom under Antiochus Epiphanes, however, a necessary concomitant is the energetic development of a new form of life. The Maccabees chose the route of armed rebellion to reestablish an always-embattled theocracy. Paul, facing much greater firepower from the demonic worldly powers, chose the more indirect route of establishing little avant garde communities in as many Roman cities and provinces as possible — communities that do not rebel against the law or seek to overthrow the powers in order to replace them, but live in simple indifference to them.
Neither strategy proved durably effective. The Maccabean kingdom was ultimately reabsorbed into the imperial system, as were the successors to the Pauline communities. But at least they tried! At least they were able to conceive of a meaning to suffering and oppression other than the need to continue to submit to suffering and oppression as an end in itself. There's such a narrow window within which something like the Cross can counter the Powers rather than simply reinforcing them — all the moreso in that so much contemporary theology, at least among my fellow white men, seems addicted to the “contrarian” gesture that enthusiastically submitting to the powers that be is the most subversive thing of all.
What has me thinking along these lines is my sense that the “hands up” gesture of the Ferguson protestors is a distant echo of the early Christian stance toward the Cross. And I see in mainstream white responses to protestors a repetition of the taming of the Cross, in the insistence that protest much be completely “peaceful,” in the refusal to recognize police violence as violent and the tacit view that it is natural and necessary, etc. I don't know what conclusion to draw. I'm more gesturing toward the potential usefulness of thinking through past examples and trying to figure out where they went wrong — including apparently very distant and foreign examples.
Phil Postma has been playing with different pop culture properties with Pixar aesthetics, mashing up Pixar characters and features with DC and Marvel Comics, Star Wars, Doctor Who, and Star Trek. Take a gander at some of the Pixar mashups he's devised for some of the comics' mightiest heroes and most nefarious villains.
We definitely see a lot of The Incredibles in this crop of images (with a bit of Brave and Ratatouille thrown in for good measure, but it's still fun to see Elastigirl as Wonder Woman and Mr. Incredible and Dash as Batman and Robin. And Postma's skills have really progressed; check out his Star Wars and Star Trek series for something that drifts away from mashup and closer to caricature.
Advertisement
Pixar Invades The Marvel & DC Comics Universe! [Minion Factory via Xombie DIRGE]
Advertisement
Advertisement
A man who claims to be the brother of Gloriavale's Dove Love has spoken out against the religious community, saying his sister did not want to marry her husband.
Dove Love became an audience favourite when the annual Gloriavale documentary aired on TV2 last week, titled Gloriavale: A Woman's Place.
It followed the 22-year-old's daily life in the "cult" community, and the process of her engagement and marriage to Watchful Steadfast.
SUPPLIED Dove Love and Watchful Steadfast tied the knot.
Many New Zealanders found a soft spot for the young couple's happiness, especially when Dove Love sang a song she had written for husband on their wedding day. But things may not be as rosy as they seem, according to a man named "Jeremy", claiming to be Dove Love's ex-communicated brother.
READ MORE:
* Twitter reacts to Gloriavale: Dove Love and the wedding games
* TV Review: Gloriavale: A Woman's Place, Seven Year Switch
* Gloriavale Christian Community assets top $40 million
* Gloriavale, girls, and the purpose of education
SUPPLIED Dove Love in Gloriavale: A Women's Place documentary
Speaking to ZM's Fletch, Vaughan and Megan , Jeremy claimed he was asked to leave the community four months ago, after living there his entire life.
He had begun questioning what the community's leaders were telling the residents about the outside world, and while he asked to stay, he was called a "trespasser" and shown the door, he said.
Gloriavale: A Woman's Place aired on TV2 on Wednesday, July 27
"Basically I was just saying that things they were saying in there to people were lies.
"And that's obviously why they try to stop you from having contact with the outside world, just 'cause you find out the truth about a lot of things and then you take that back and start spreading that around and people start doubting what they say and start leaving," Jeremy told the radio station.
"I said, 'I'm not going,' and they were like, 'Well, we're not going to feed you, you're not going to have a place to stay, you're not going to have any work, how are you going to live here?"
He said his wife and baby followed him to Timaru, where he now lives, works, and attends church.
Jeremy said being outside of Gloriavale had been a "real eye-opener" and that he had made friends and was enjoying new experiences like fishing and hunting.
"Your whole life you're told in there that outside of Gloriavale is a big, bad, evil place, no-one helps you, lots of stuff, and putting fear in people, a lot of it is fear and using fear to keep people there."
Jeremy said he had unsuccessfully attempted to speak to Dove Love and other family members at Gloriavale since leaving.
He said he was upset that his sister was still at Gloriavale and married to a man whom she did not want to marry.
"They're just told that it's God's will. Basically anything that the leaders say is God's will and they've got to do that or they're wrong and going to hell."
Jeremy estimated that there were about 40 ex-Gloriavale members currently attending the church he attends in Timaru.
He said if he could talk to his family, he would tell them that the world is a totally different place to what the "leaders" try to portray.
"People need to decide for themselves what God's will is and not have leaders tell them what to do, especially who they should be marrying."
AMD is busy creating new Vegas, Vegas no one can buy. Here's a new Vega-based model called Radeon Pro WX 9100.
AMD Radeon Pro WX 9100 with 64 Compute Units
First, let's look at Vega lineup, because at this point it may start to become confusing. Here are all known products with Vega architecture.
Graphics Card Model Status Stream Processors Memory Configuration Radeon Instinct MI25 Announced 4096 16GB HBM2 2048b Radeon Vega SSG Announced ? 16GB HBM2 2048b Radeon Vega Frontier Released 4096 16GB HBM2 2048b Radeon Vega Frontier Liquid Released 4096 16GB HBM2 2048b Radeon Pro Vega 64 Announced 4096 16GB HBM2 2048b Radeon Pro Vega 56 Announced 3584 8GB HBM2 2048b Radeon RX Vega Series Unreleased 3584-4096 8GB/16GB HBM2 2048b Radeon Pro WX 9100 Unreleased 4096 16GB HBM2 2048b
As a side note, there are traces of new products with single stack HBM2, but we are unsure if that's Vega (link). This is the same family of GPUs that were spotted with Kabylake CPU earlier this month, so it may be an integrated solution, APU or dedicated GPU. Hard to say at this point.
Okay, but let's go back to Radeon Pro WX 9100. The new device will join Radeon Pro WX x100 series. The fastest graphics card in these series is currently WX 7100 based on Polaris 10. According to the data from CompuBench, WX 9100 would have 1792 cores more than WX 7100. The listing reveals that WX 9100 has 64 Compute Units (4096 Cores) and a maximum clock of 1200 MHz. Listed global memory size is definitely pointing towards 16GB configuration, so this would be sixth Vega with such memory size.
Of course, this raises a question what makes is different from Radeon Vega Frontier. Frontier seems to be a perfect card for game developers, as it features both Professional and Gaming modes. If I understand this right, the Radeon Pro WX 9100 will be strictly a professional card (for design and manufacturing).
Radeon Pro WX 7100 (2304 cores) vs Radeon Pro WX 9100 (4096 cores)
Source: CompuBench
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
NVIDIA P106-100 cryptocurrency mining card tested Next Post
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier lands in the hands of the first owner
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Hill is reporting that Senate Democrat Leader Charles Schumer is counseling fellow Democrats to stay away from the gun issue.
That may come as a surprise from the man on Capitol Hill who has made a career of pushing gun control. His party has come to be known as “the party of gun control.” The article spells out Schumer's motivation:
“In next year's midterms, however, Democrats will be defending 10 seats in states won by Trump in last year's election — including West Virginia, Montana and North Dakota, where guns are a big part of the local culture. “Schumer's strategy is based, at least in part, on saving those seats and potentially winning back the Senate majority next year if Republicans falter badly.”
Trending: Video of the Day: UCLA Students Sign Petition to put Conservatives in Concentration Camps
Many believe Donald Trump's victories in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan were due to a turnout of gun owners who did not want Hillary Rodham Clinton anywhere near the Oval Office. She took those states, and the voters in them, for granted. Trump didn't make that mistake.
Meanwhile, the Republican majority in Congress still does not seem all that energetic when it comes to satisfying the gun owners who were critical in providing that majority. There has still been no action on the national concealed carry reciprocity or the Hearing Protection Act, which is now part of a larger bill aimed at sportsmen.
Gun prohibition lobbyists want the Democrats to once again push for additional gun controls, capitalizing on the Las Vegas attack Oct. 1. But Schumer was around in 1994 when gun owners threw more than 50 of his colleagues out of office due to their votes on the Brady Bill – which he authored – in 1993 and the Clinton semi-auto ban in 1994. He evidently understands the wisdom of the adage, “If you kick a dog enough, sooner or later he's going to bite.” Democrats, as a party, have been rattling the dog's cage for decades, which has done no favors for party members who are traditionally faithful to the Second Amendment.
What Schumer may really be thinking about is the U.S. Supreme Court and lower federal courts. Right now, President Trump has the opportunity to fill scores of federal court vacancies with solid conservative and even pro-rights moderates. If another vacancy or two should come up on the high court, Trump can reinforce Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch. Schumer and his anti-gun allies would not like that at all.
If Democrats win back control of Capitol Hill, that scenario will change. They would block Trump's conservative nominees.
Lethargic gun owners seem to need constant reminders that their votes count if they wish to preserve their gun rights for the next generation.
Image copyright AP Image caption Anna Durytska, a 23-year-old model, said she had known Nemtsov for three years
The Ukrainian girlfriend of murdered Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov is flying home after being questioned by police in Moscow.
"Anna Durytska has just left for Kiev," Ukrainian Foreign Minister spokesman Yevhen Perebyinis said.
She was with Mr Nemtsov when he was shot dead in the Russian capital on Friday night.
Ms Durytska's lawyer earlier said she was anxious to go home temporarily to see her mother in Kiev.
But her lawyer also said that the police were "acting correctly".
Mr Perebyinis later said Ms Durytska was flying back to Ukraine after "Ukrainian diplomats in Moscow provided all the necessary assistance to our citizen".
The killing took place on Friday night on Great Moskvoretsky Bridge, near the Kremlin wall.
Mr Nemtsov, 55, had just been dining at a restaurant with Ms Durytska.
Image caption Supporters' slogans said Mr Nemtsov "died for the future of Russia" and "fought for a free Russia"
They left together to walk to his flat, crossing the bridge, where a car drew up and Mr Nemtsov was shot four times with a pistol at around 23:40 (20:40 GMT). Ms Durytska was not injured.
According to website Vesti.ru, Ms Durytska phoned the police and her mother immediately after Mr Nemtsov was shot and fell.
Her mother said Anna "was holding his hand and then heard the bangs".
"Boris slumped and fell. Anya was very frightened, she started calling the police and me immediately. She said on the phone: 'Mama, Boris has been killed! He's been shot in the back, he's fallen and now he's lying beside me," Anna's mother was quoted as saying.
Image caption A pun on the name Boris means "fight on" at the Moscow rally, harking back to 1990s support for Boris Yeltsin
In her Dozhd TV interview, via Skype, she said the police "took a statement from me, they checked all my things, checked my phone calls, they took all the information".
The Federal Protective Service (FSO), in charge of presidential security, said its surveillance cameras did not record the shooting because they were pointed towards the Kremlin.
Opposition rally
Tens of thousands of people marched through central Moscow on Sunday to honour Mr Nemtsov.
He had been due to lead an opposition march on Sunday but his killing turned the event into a mourning rally.
Ukrainian MP Oleksiy Honcharenko, who was detained by police at the rally, has already returned to Ukraine.
Russian media reaction
The opposition march on Sunday was in the top news on Russian TV. Unusually, the main TV stations spoke highly of Boris Nemtsov, but were careful to omit his criticism of President Putin.
Dmitry Kiselev, seen as the Kremlin's chief spin doctor, described Mr Nemtsov as "charismatic" and "winningly charming". "He will be missed," he said on state-run Rossiya-1 TV.
The authoritative broadsheet Kommersant says the Kremlin suddenly changed tack on Mr Nemtsov from critical to respectful: "Such kind words were said about him which he did not hear from the authorities for a long time when he was alive."
Business daily Vedomosti speaks of a "premonition of civil war": "The regime that has gambled on hatred finds it difficult to refrain from escalating violence both abroad and at home... Russia will inevitably be different," says the paper's editorial.
"Judging by what the Western media say, attempts are being made to use this heinous crime to cast a shadow on Russia's reputation, Russia's leadership," analyst Konstantin Kostin tells the official government newspaper Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
Media roundup compiled by BBC Monitoring.
Who was Boris Nemtsov?
Nemtsov killing polarises society
Russian and world reaction
He was allowed to leave Russia after police said they had "no allegations against him".
At the weekend police searched the offices of Mr Nemtsov in the northern city of Yaroslavl, Vesti reports.
They also questioned a local parliamentary aide of Mr Nemtsov, Mikhail Konev.
A witness statement from Anna Durytska, quoted by Vesti, described the gunman as wearing jeans and a sweater, about 1.7m (5ft 7in) tall, with an average build, and close-cropped dark hair.
Mr Nemtsov's allies have accused the Kremlin of involvement, but President Vladimir Putin condemned the murder as "vile" and vowed to find the killers.
Russia's Investigative Committee said it was looking into a number of possible motives for Mr Nemtsov's murder.
They include his opposition to the Ukraine conflict, Islamic extremism - Mr Nemtsov had Jewish ancestry although he had become Orthodox Christian - and an opposition "sacrifice" of its leader to destabilise the state and undermine the president.
Presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Mr Putin had noted "that this cruel murder has all the makings of a contract hit and is extremely provocative".
The investigators offered a reward of three million roubles ($48,000) for information leading to the killers.
Violent deaths of Putin opponents
April 2003 - Liberal politician Sergey Yushenkov assassinated near his Moscow home
July 2003 - Investigative journalist Yuri Shchekochikhin died after 16-day mysterious illness
July 2004 - Forbes magazine Russian editor Paul Klebnikov shot from moving car on Moscow street, died later in hospital
October 2006 - Investigative journalist Anna Politkovskaya shot dead outside her Moscow apartment
November 2006 - Former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko died nearly three weeks after drinking tea laced with polonium in London hotel
January 2009 - Human rights lawyer Stanislav Markelov and journalist Anastasia Baburova shot dead in Moscow
July 2009 - Russian activist Natalia Estemirova shot dead in North Caucasus while investigating many human rights abuses in Chechnya
November 2009 - Lawyer Sergei Magnitsky dies of injuries in police custody after exposing alleged tax police corruption
March 2013 -Boris Berezovsky, former Kremlin power broker turned Putin critic, found dead in his UK home
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces have killed 98 militants in Sinai during a recent military operation, the military said on Friday.
It was not possible to independently confirm the figure.
Egypt is battling an insurgency that gained pace after the army overthrew President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood Islamist movement in mid-2013 after mass protests against his rule.
The insurgency, mounted by Islamic State's Egyptian affiliate, has killed hundreds of soldiers and police and has started to attack Western targets. In the latest fighting, four Egyptian soldiers were killed, the military said.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi describes Islamist militancy as an existential threat to Egypt, the most populous Arab state and a close U.S. ally.
Islamic State controls large parts of Iraq and Syria, has a presence in Libya and enjoys the support of militants in Egypt seeking to topple the Cairo government.
Say what you want about WikiLeaks - and I don't much like what it has done - it nevertheless would be useful for its founder, Julian Assange, to follow George W. Bush as he lopes around the country, promoting his new book, "Decision Points." When, for instance, Bush attempts to justify the Iraq war by saying the world is a better place without Saddam Hussein, Assange could reach into his bag of leaked U.S. government cables and cite Saudi King Abdullah's private observation that the war had given Iraq to Iran as a "gift on a golden platter."
Iraq now has a Shiite-dominated government and many senior officials who are ominously friendly with Iran. It was always American policy to use Saddam's Iraq to counterbalance Iran since it was really Iran that posed a danger to the region. That danger is now amply documented in the new WikiLeaks documents - including the revelation that North Korea has sold Iran missiles capable of reaching, say, Tel Aviv or, a minute or so later, Cairo.
To a certain extent, the leaked documents contain the rawest form of gossip. It is amusing to learn that Libyan leader Moammar Gaddafi is psychologically gridlocked with all sorts of neurotic tics and will not travel without his Ukrainian nurse, described as a "voluptuous blonde." It is good to see that parody of a blowhard, Italy's Silvio Berlusconi, characterized as being in the pocket of Russia's Vladimir Putin and fun to wonder, in a Scrooge McDuck moment, how Afghanistan's vice president was able to take $52 million in cash out of the country and get it through customs in the United Arab Emirates last year when you and I get stopped for having a small bottle of shampoo. Something's wrong here, I suspect.
The Arab world's alarm at the imminence of an Iranian bomb is on full display in the leaked documents - as is the Obama administration's methodical and effective attempts to isolate Tehran. Saudi Arabia's Abdullah implored Washington to "cut off the head of the snake" while there was still time, and the United Arab Emirates "agreed with [U.S. Gen. John P.] Abizaid that Iran's new President [Mahmoud] Ahmadinejad seemed unbalanced, crazy even." Some months later the Emirates' defense chief, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed of Abu Dhabi, told Abizaid that the United States needed to take action against Iran "this year or next." If cables from Jordan and Egypt could be read, they would be no different. The (Sunni) Arab world loathes and fears Iran on sectarian grounds and also because it espouses a revolutionary doctrine of the sort that kings and dictators find disquieting.
This is the world George Bush left us. It exists everywhere but in his book, where facts are either omitted or rearranged so that the war in Iraq seems the product of pure reason. As my colleague, the indefatigably indefatigable Walter Pincus, has pointed out, Bush manages to bollix up both the chronology and the importance of the various inspections of Iraq's weapons systems so as to suggest that any other president given the same set of facts would have gone to war. "I had tried to address the threat from Saddam Hussein without war," he writes. On that score, he is simply not credible.
The accumulating evidence at the time showed that Iraq lacked a nuclear weapons program and did not have biological weapons either. As for its chemical weapons program, while harder to ferret out, it not only no longer existed, but even if it had, it was insufficient reason to go to war. Poison gas has been around since the Second Battle of Ypres. That was 1915. "The absence of WMD stockpiles did not change the fact that Saddam was a threat," Bush writes. Heads he wins, tails you lose.
Reading Bush's book, seeing him in his various TV appearances, I keep thinking of Menachem Begin, the late Israeli prime minister. In 1982, Begin took Israel to war in Lebanon. It cost Israel as many as 675 dead, 4,000 wounded and its image as invincible on the battlefield. Begin took responsibility. He resigned and became a recluse, a depressed and beaten man.
I suggest no such course for Bush -- only that he read the WikiLeaks documents and, for the sake of history and the instruction it offers, reassess his vaunted decisions. His jejune approach to decision-making - know yourself but not necessarily the facts - is downright repellent. On the book's dust jacket, Bush is shown in a ranching outfit. A Peter Pan outfit would have been more fitting. Like him, Bush has never grown up.
cohenr@washpost.com
A Montreal father, mother and son convicted nearly four years ago of murdering four other family members in an honour killing argue, in an appeal to Ontario's top court, that they were victims of “cultural stereotyping” and “overwhelmingly prejudicial evidence” that should not have been admitted at their murder trial.
In a 110-page document filed with the Court of Appeal for Ontario, Mohammad Shafia, 62, his wife Tooba, 45, and their son Hamed, 24, claim they're entitled to a new trial. The document is a concise outline of the evidence and legal argument that lawyers for the three will present at a hearing scheduled for Dec. 14.
The trio, who were tried together, complains that the trial judge, Justice Robert Maranger, made numerous errors of “misdirection and non-direction” that may have permitted jurors to make improper conclusions.
The three were each convicted in January 2012 of four counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Shafia sisters Zainab, 19, Sahar, 17, Geeti, 13, and Rona Amir, 52, Shafia's first wife in the polygamous 10-member Afghan family that came to Canada in 2007 and settled in Montreal. The three were sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for 25 years. They have been behind bars since the convictions.
The case attracted international attention and was among events that sparked the Conservative government's crackdown on what it calls “barbaric cultural practices.”
The victims were found dead in June 2009 inside a Nissan Sentra that belonged to Mohammad Shafia and was submerged at the bottom of a three-metre deep canal in Kingston, in eastern Ontario.
The sensational three-month long trial heard that Shafia was enraged because he felt his teenage daughters had violated cultural rules requiring sexual modesty, they were disobedient and the two eldest girls had boyfriends. Rona wanted a divorce and supported the girls in their pursuit of western lifestyles. Rona wrote in a diary entered as evidence that she and Tooba clashed frequently; she was abused, humiliated and isolated.
Jurors were told that Shafia concocted a plan to murder the four in a bid to restore his tarnished honour, in an ancient cultural practice that places family honour above human life. This honour is rooted in the modesty and subservience of the female family members to the patriarch. Several witnesses testified during the trial that Shafia spoke openly, before the four died, of wanting to kill Zainab. Prosecutors told jurors that Shafia enlisted the help of his eldest son and second wife in the elaborate but flawed plot to conceal the killings as a car crash.
Fearing jurors wouldn't be able to fathom that a father would conspire to murder nearly half his family; prosecutors recruited an expert on honour killing. Despite defence objections, University of Toronto professor Shahrzad Mojab was permitted to testify about the origins of the practice but she wasn't allowed to offer an opinion about whether the deaths of the four Shafia family members were honour killings.
The lengthy document filed with the appeal court includes a pointed, 13-page attack on Mojab's testimony.
“Dr. Mojab's evidence was overwhelmingly prejudicial and should not have been admitted,” states the document. “Her evidence invited the jury to improperly find that the Appellants had a disposition to commit family homicide as a result of their cultural background and to reject their claim that they held a different set of cultural beliefs.”
The manner in which Mojab's evidence was presented “created enormous prejudice” and invited jurors to decide contested factual issues by relying on “cultural stereotyping,” according to the document.
“By reinforcing pre-existing stereotypes of violent and primitive Muslims, it created the risk that the jury's verdict would be tainted by cultural prejudice,” the document states. It was prepared jointly by three lawyers representing the convicted family members and argues that while some of Mojab's evidence may have been admissible, the judge failed to “limit its scope and its potential for prejudice.”
The Toronto lawyers, Michael Dineen representing Shafia, Frank Addario for Tooba and Scott Hutchison for Hamed, declined to comment on the appeal.
Shafia and Tooba both testified at the trial and rejected claims that they were abusive, conspired to kill their family members or that they subscribed to the notion of family honour above all. Tooba repudiated parts of a statement she made to a police interrogator after her arrest, including the admission that she was at the canal when the car went into the water on June 30, 2009. During Tooba's trial testimony, she said parts of her police statement “were all lies” designed to convince the interrogator to leave her alone and to protect her son Hamed from torture she feared he'd face from police.
Hamed did not testify so prosecutors were not able to cross-examine him on two starkly different accounts he gave of the night his family members died.
During hours of police interviews, Hamed said he had no idea how the four ended up dead. In a conversation with a man who was paid by Shafia to investigate after the three were arrested, Hamed said Zainab took the family's Nissan Sentra for a late night joyride — with her sisters and Rona as passengers — after the family stopped in Kingston on the way home to Montreal from a vacation in Niagara Falls.
Hamed said he drove another Shafia family vehicle and followed the four. Near the canal, he claimed that he rear ended the Sentra in a small fender bender and then stood by after they accidentally drove into the canal and drowned. He didn't call 9-1-1 or jump in the water and claimed that he didn't tell his parents what happened because he was afraid his father would be angry with him.
Though never proved conclusively, prosecutors theorized that the killers incapacitated the victims, perhaps by drowning them elsewhere, placed the bodies inside the Sentra and pushed it over a stone ledge into the canal with the other family vehicle. Forensic tests concluded all of the victims drowned but the time and place they died could not be established.
over.gg Oceanic Rankings: 1st April - 26th May, 2017
Competitive Overwatch is heating up down under, as two major LAN events boasting AUD10k prize pools are on the horizon. As such, we are proud to announce the inaugural over.gg Monthly Oceanic Rankings. Voted on by a panel of some of the best players and casting talent in the region, this project aims to give recognition to the best teams currently competing in ANZ Overwatch, as well as acting as an incentive for up-and-coming rosters.
The rankings are based of the last two months of results from official play in Oceanic Overwatch. For the months of April and May this includes the ESL ANZ April Final and the CyberGamer OCE Circuit, as well as the ESL April Qualifying Cups and the CyberGamer Weekly Cups to a lesser extent. These results are then examined and voted on by the panel, with the average of these votes deciding the top 10 teams. Disbanded rosters will not feature in these rankings, even if they did compete in the allocated time-frame.
Australia's top 4 teams clash at the ESL LAN Championship, starting on the 27th of May
It is worth noting the absence of renowned Australian team Blank Esports from the rankings. Blank dominated the scene in matches outside the time-frame of these rankings and are now competing in the Pacific Championship in Taiwan. As the team is currently not competing within Oceanic Overwatch, they are ineligible for these rankings. Should they return to the region, Blank would be eligible to reclaim their position as top dogs.
The panel of experts behind these rankings is as listed below:
BobbyJ - Caster/Community Figure:
BobbyJ is a caster in the Australian scene, part of Australian Gaming TV's talent pool and the host of the 'Weekly Podcast'.
CantuS - Masterminds GC:
CantuS is currently the team captain and support player for Masterminds GC, with past experience on teams such as JAM Gaming.
Face - 4Legs:
Face is a support player and team captain of 4Legs, as well as a member of the over.gg crew.
Genome - Caster/Community Figure:
Genome is the panel's other casting talent and also the host of the podcast series 'Sequencing'.
Grafix - Athletico Esports:
Grafix is the team captain and support player for Athletico Esports.
Project - Scylla Esports:
Project is a 6 foot 8 gaming powerhouses, currently competing as the dps/flex for Scylla Esports.
Smashbrutha - Plot 1:
Rounding out our panel of experts, Smashbrutha captains Plot1 from the support role.
Rankings
2nd ESL April Monthly
Currently 5-1 in CyberGamer OCE Circuit
Qualified for ESL and CyberGamer LAN events
1st ESL Cup #3
1st CyberGamer Weekly 4/4
1st CyberGamer Weekly 18/4
Athletico's strong play in the past two months has reaped its rewards, namely qualification for two LAN events as well as getting picked up by one of Australia's largest esport organisations. The team's 1st placed finish in the third qualification cup gave them favorable seeding in the April Monthly, in which the LAN's final two spots were up for grabs. With Masterminds GC dropping out, Athletico enjoyed a bye in the opening round. Victories over Nemesis and WillWeed secured the team a spot in the monthly's grand-final and thus one of the available LAN spots.
The roster's performance was even more impressive in the CyberGamer Circuit, opening the tournament with a five game win streak, including victories over Plot1, Masterminds and Scylla. Notably, the teams only loss with one week remaining in the tournament's regular season came at the hands of 4Legs, the team that defeated them in the April Monthly grand final. Nevertheless, Athletico's five wins in the CyberGamer tournament has guaranteed them a spot at the LAN in Adelaide and a 2-0 win in the final week of play will guarantee them the first seed.
Athletico will look to translate their success in online play into LAN victories in the coming weeks, as the young squad prepares to play in its first major LAN events.
Currently 5-1 CyberGamer OCE Circuit
Qualified for ESL and CyberGamer LAN Events
4th ESL Cup #4
The roster of Masterminds GC had similar success to Athletico, with strong play online securing them two LAN spots and the backing of an organisation. Masterminds were originally set to compete in the ESL April Final for a LAN spot, before it was announced that Blank Esports had forfeited their place in the tournament due to their commitment to the Pacific Championship. As Masterminds had placed third in the March Final, they then acquired the second seed in the upcoming event.
Masterminds have also had success in the CyberGamer Circuit, dropping only a single game (to Athletico) with a week remaining in the competition. A victory against Defuse in the final week of play will guarantee the team either the first or second seed in the CyberGamer LAN playoffs.
The full effect of the team's roster change earlier in May remains to be seen, with Degs and TJK withdrawing from the team due to personal commitments. The players that filled these vacancies, Nectar and Soundwaves, have only competed with the team to a limited extent in online play. It also seems likely that team captain and support player CantuS will not make it to Sydney to play in the ESL LAN, due to passport issues. These factors aside, Masterminds will still be an intimidating presence in the upcoming majors.
1st ESL April Monthly
3-1 CyberGamer OCE Circuit [3-3 in standings]
3rd ESL Cup #4
Qualified for ESL Lan Event
4Legs found their groove as a roster in April, after an impressive run in the April Monthly to secure third seed at the LAN. Falling to the losers bracket after being beaten by Scylla Esports, 4Legs went on a five game winning streak, defeating Athletico (then Monopoly Club) in the grand final to secure their tournament seeding.
The team failed to qualify for the CyberGamer Circuit, later entering the tournament after Nemesis dropped out. As 4Legs replaced Nemesis, they also adopted the teams 0-2 record at the time, resulting in the team holding a 3-3 record despite only losing one of their four played matches in the tournament. Notable victories against Athletico and Plot 1 in the CyberGamer tournament boosted the team up these rankings. 4Legs only chance to qualify for the playoffs in event is if Plot 1 lose their final game against Scylla Esports.
4Legs will face off against Masterminds GC in their first match at the ESL LAN.
3-3 CyberGamer OCE Circuit
Qualified for ESL LAN Event
Plot 1's best results came outside the timeframe of these rankings, as the team earned its spot in the ESL LAN through the March Final. Considered as one of the two best teams after Blank's departure to Taiwan, Plot 1's play in the Cyber Gamer event has been a mixed bag. Despite dropping matches to Athletico, 4Legs and most recently Masterminds GC, the team has secured victories over lower ranked teams in relatively easy fashion. Currently holding a 3-3 record, a match win in the final week of play will secure the team their second spot at a major Australian LAN, while a loss will see 4Legs take their playoffs spot.
Plot 1 will play Athletico in their first match in the ESL LAN this weekend.
4-2 CyberGamer OCE Circuit
Qualified for CyberGamer LAN event
3rd ESL April Monthly
2nd ESL Cup #4
1st CyberGamer Weekly 2/5
1st CyberGamer Weekly 9/5
3rd-4th CyberGamer Weekly 23/5
WillWeed just missed out on a spot in the ESL Championship event, placing third in the April Finals after a 3-0 loss to 4Legs. The team has bounced back from this in the CyberGamer Circuit, earning a 4-2 record and a guaranteed spot in the playoffs. WillWeed have also been one of the only top teams to compete in multiple CG Weekly cups, taking first place twice.
A victory or high placement in the CG LAN could potentially move WillWeed into the top 4 of these rankings.
4th ESL April Monthly
2-4 CyberGamer OCE Circut
2nd ESL Cup #3
The Squid Squad hasn't been able to find it's groove as of yet, failing to qualify for either of Australia's major LANs. Scylla's two CyberGamer victories came against the bottom-of-the-standings Defuse and the now disbanded Nemesis, with disappointing results against higher ranked teams. Despite this, the team has the chance to build upon their play after a roster change in mid-April and emulate earlier success such as the teams second place finish in the Oceanic Summer Series earlier this year.
CyberGamer OCE Circut 0-5
6th ESL April Monthly
4th ESL Cup #3 +1st CyberGamer Weekly 23/5
Defuse mark the rankings final active member of the CyberGamer Circuit. With a week remaining in the tournament, Defuse's only victory came in a forfeit win against the inactive team thinking. As a result of the teams struggles, the roster is set to disband after the conclusion of the CyberGamer Professional Season.
Defuse is disbanding after CG. After months of trying to stick it out, we got no where. GL to all members on their journey. — Neferhor (@Neferhor1) May 25, 2017
Defuse remain eligible for these rankings as they have chosen to play out the final round of the tournament before breaking up. The team's victory over WillWeed in the Weekly Cup on the 23rd of May will act as a tribute to the potential this squad had, despite their struggles against top tier Oceanic competition.
8th: Mutiny
2nd CyberGamer Weekly 18/4
2nd CyberGamer Weekly 9/5
5-6th ESL ANZ Cup #4
Mutiny our the first team on these rankings to have failed to qualify for either the April Final or the CyberGamer Professional Season. They have competed in numerous of the CyberGamer weekly cups, falling in the grand finals twice to Athletico and WillWeed. As Defuse, Thinking and Nemesis are disbanded or set to disband, Mutiny will have a chance to earn a spot in higher tier events in the coming months.
9th: Riotous Esports
2nd CyberGamer Weekly 11/4
3rd-4th CyberGamer Weekly 2/5
Riotous have had mixed results in their matches in lower division play, falling to WillWeed in the semifinals and ASDF in the grand-finals of CyberGamer Weekly cups. Further high placements in lower division play will be needed for the roster to secure their spot in these rankings.
10th: Rabbithole
1st CyberGamer Weekly 25/4
2nd CyberGamer Weekly 2/5
Team Rabbithole have had limited fixtures to assess, only competing in two Weekly Cups in the last two months. However, the team has placed highly in both cups they participated in, claiming first place over Team Space and second place after losing to WillWeed in the grand final of the first cup of May. These encouraging results have earned Rabbithole the final place in the inaugural Oceanic Rankings.
-------------------------------------
Be sure to watch the Oceanic regions top teams compete in the ESL Championship Final this weekend, as well as the upcoming CyberGamer Playoffs.
Thanks go out to the panel, especially Grafix for organizing a large part of this project
Fallout New Vegas: Christmas Special
Alchestbreach Certified
Professionally & Fully Voiced
Average Playtime: 5-7 Hours
The cold is nearly in the air again for Christmas! Mod Author Dylan Hollis; who has brought you the Rockwell Series, brings you an Epic-Sized, full Quest Mod with a hefty dose of Christmas Cheer. A quest that will dive you head first into a feverish hype to prepare for a National Wastelander's Christmas Convention that this year; has come to the Mojave. Along with the convention, comes a feared leader of a Neo-Fascist Regime with a goal of destroying all forms of happiness in the desert. Will Old Nick be able to put on his Christmas Convention? or will the evil Dictator stop his plans?
The Questline begins after you speak to Old Nick on the balcony of the Tops Casino Floor
This Mod Includes:
Requirements
Step 1
Download your FNVChristmas Special.zip file and the Frozen World file & Frozen World LOD file, and extract them to a destination of your choice. Then Drag all of the extracted contents into your Data Folder.
Step 2
Navigate to the 'Fallout_Default' file in the the 'fallout new vegas' folder (The one just before your data folder: Programfiles/Steam/steamapps/common/fallout new vegas).
Double click it to open. It should look like a .txt document. Press Ctrl+F to open a search box. Search for 'bloadf'. This should take you to the line: bLoadFaceGenHeadEGTFiles=
Make sure bLoadFaceGenHeadEGTFiles equals 1, insead of 0. If it equals zero, make sure to change it and save.
Step 3
You must open Fallout: New Vegas with the VANILLA LAUNCHER FIRST.
Once launched with the vanilla launcher, load a game. And then exit. This process saves the configuration settings you've altered in step 2.
Step 4
Now you may launch the game in whatever fashion you wish. Enjoy :)
Cast List:
Old Nick - Elijah Lucian
Stiener Von Grinchenhauzen - Elijah Lucian
Energy Miser - Alchestbreach
Captain Crosby - Dylan Hollis
Teddy Clemmins - Dylan Hollis
Humphrey Selassie - Dylan Hollis
Powder Miser - Dylan Hollis
MidWinter Bartender - Zara Cardell
Bongo - Zara Cardell
Erskine Cozart - Kaleb Hamilton
Caravaneer - Kaleb Hamilton
White Glove Guard - Jeremy Taylor
Sparkin' Duracell - Jeremy Taylor
- An Epic Sized Christmas Questline Spanning 14 quests. It's not short, so grab it while the season is still here!- Fully Voiced and Lip Synced voice acting- New Christmassy, and non Christmassy Locations all over the Mojave- Your seasonal dose of Christmas Cheer!, which can last between 2 and 4 hours- Fallout New Vegas Frozen World (Without this mod, you will have no Christmas Cheer. Please download and install Frozen World and its LOD file, you can thank me and the mod's creator later)InstallationTo uninstall, simply save in a vanilla location - and remove all downloaded Xmas Special files from your Data Folder.Many Thanks, And Happy Holidays
refugees
Rohingya Muslim
Hyderabad Old City
Myanmar
Confederation of Voluntary Associations
United Nations
Rohingya Muslim refugees in their settlement in Hyderabad.
Kiren Rijiju
on Monday
The news that India is firm on deporting about 40,000 Myanmarhas come as a great shock to the refugees staying in Hyderabad with valid documents.There are about 3,000 refugees, most of them belonging to thecommunity, living in 15 settlements in. “Till yesterday, we were living happily though we do have the feeling of being ‘Stateless people' with no country owning us. But, after we saw news on the TV channels, the feeling of insecurity is haunting us," said Hameed-Ul-Haq, the Maulana at the small mosque in the first Burmese settlement in Chandrayanagutta area.“It is better to die in India than going toto get killed. We will be killed or thrown out if India tries to send us back to Myanmar,” says 70-year-old Sultan Mahmood, who teaches about 30 kids from the community at the madrassa run in the basti.Mahmood came to India during the June 2012 conflict among the ethnic groups.Tears rolled down his eyes when the septuagenarian recalled in his interaction with Mirror, “They attacked my house. We all ran helter-skelter. I joined one group which travelled through the forests and water and reached India. I still do not know if my two sons are alive or were killed. I don't think there is a way to know and connect to them."Most of the Myanmar refugees living in Hyderabad are engaged in physical labour, while a few of them are into self-employment activities like selling vegetables and running small kirana shops. Dil Mohammed, 53, living in Settlement-III, says, “I work under a sand contractor. I get Rs 300 a day when I have work. Sometimes, I do not get work." He has an eight-year old daughter who goes to school.According to Mazher Hussain, Executive Director of the(COVA), a non-governmental organisation, there has been a spurt in the Myanmar refugees population in Hyderabad after 2012. In 2010, there were only 40 refugees. Today, there are over 3,000 in Hyderabad alone. “Today, world cannot say no to refugees. Conflicts are increasing and so is the refugee population,” he said. COVA is the partner of theHigh Commissioner of Refugees (UNHCR) in Hyderabad.COVA helps the refugees in getting land for lease to make their makeshift houses with tarpaulins. Each family pays rent ranging from Rs 600 to Rs 1,000 per month to the landlord. They have power and water supply. A refugee is entitled to live the normal life without any right. They do not get Aadhar cards, ration cards and other facilities. And none of them has a bank account. A few youths have bikes in the name of locals, who became friends with them.When the news that Union Minister of State for Home Affairshad announced that India is keen on deporting about 40,000 Rohingya Muslims came out, Mohammed Moosa Azmi, the registration officer of the UNHCR in Hyderabad was flooded with calls throughout the night. “They are all worried. There is sense of insecurity among them. I will be holding a meeting shortly to explain the government's stand to them.”He says there are no illegal immigrants from Myanmar here. “All of them possess their refugee identity cards issued by the UNHCR," he declared.The refugee families are gearing up to make a representation to the Indian government to allow them to continue to live here.
508 shares
UM Rosenstiel scientist and colleague's findings are critical for safe operations at sea
University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science scientist Mark Donelan and his Norwegian Meteorological Institute colleague captured new information about extreme waves, as one of the steepest ever recorded passed by the North Sea Ekofisk platforms in the early morning hours of Nov. 9 2007.
Within the first hour of the day, the Andrea wave passed by a four-point square array of ocean sensors designed by the researchers to measure the wavelength, direction, amplitude and frequency of waves at the ocean surface.
Using the information from the wave set—a total of 13,535 individual waves—collected by the system installed on a bridge between two offshore platforms, the researchers took the wave apart to examine how the components came together to produce such a steep wave.
The data from the 100-meter wide “wall of water” moving at 40 miles per hour showed that Andrea may have reached heights greater than the recorded height of 49 feet above mean sea level. They also found that rogue waves are not rare as previously thought and occur roughly twice daily at any given location in a storm. The findings showed that the steeper the waves are, the less frequent their occurrence, which is about every three weeks at any location for the steepest rogues.
The Andrea crest height was 1.63 times the significant height (average height of the one third highest waves). Optimal focusing of the Andrea wave showed that the crest could have been even higher and limited by breaking at 1.7 times the significant height. This establishes the greatest height rogues can reach for any given (or forecasted) significant height.
“Rogue waves are known to have caused loss of life as well as damage to ships and offshore structures,” said Mark Donelan, professor emeritus of ocean sciences at the UM Rosenstiel School. “Our results, while representing the worst-case rogue wave forecast, are new knowledge important for the design and safe operations for ships and platforms at sea.”
The study, titled “The Making of the Andrea Wave and other Rogues,” was published in the March 8 issue of the journal Scientific Reports. The authors include: Donelan and Anne-Karin Magnusson from the Norwegian Meteorological Institute. The work was partly performed within the ExWaMar project (ID 256466/O80) funded by the Norwegian Research Council. ConocoPhillips provided the wave data.
Inset figure above: Surface elevation of groups in each period band displayed on axes of time and logarithm of period in seconds. All 32 periods are displayed and their sum (divided by 20) is graphed along the time axis. The Andrea crest is at 862 s. Credit: Donelan, et.al.
Source: University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science
Boycott Tel Aviv Pride 2016
By pinkwatcher Tweet
Pinkwatching Israel – a global movement for queer powered BDS – is launching its new campaign “Boycott Tel Aviv Pride.”
Celebrate Freedom in a Warzone
Celebrate Gay Rights While Palestinians Are Denied Basic Rights
Sunbathe on the Ruins of Ethnically Cleansed Villages
Dance with Gay Soldiers in a Warzone
Fly in with Pride Plane, and Skip Racist Interrogation
Tel Aviv Gay Pride is Royally Sponsored by the Israeli Government
Tel Aviv is known as a “top gay destination.” However, gay pride brochures fail to mention that it is also an hour away from the world's largest open prison, Gaza, and that it is built on stolen land. They forget to mention that the gay soldiers you dance with in the pride parade check, arrest, and kill Palestinians on a daily basis. After your day of pride, some tour operators will take you to Bethlehem or the Dead Sea, without telling you that you will travel through the illegally Occupied Palestinian Territories, or that the wine you are drinking in the Golan Heights comes from businesses that have been declared illegal under International Law.
So, why are you proud of Tel Aviv? Perhaps Tel Aviv has a vibrant nightlife, hot gay men, and beautiful beaches, but Israel also has an illegal occupation; restricts the mobility of any Palestinian just because they are Palestinian; and uses your tourism money for its next invasion of Gaza or home demolition in East Jerusalem, after which it will say “but look at us, we have gay rights!” Underneath the beautiful beaches lies a different truth: Israel does not respect human rights!
Be aware of what you are proud of. Israel sponsors Tel Aviv Pride 2016 with over 4 million dollars! It even tries to attract you with arguably homophobic ad campaigns It aims to promote Israel as a prime gay tourist destination, because it thinks gay tourists don't care about other human rights violations taking place in the country. Awesome right? Not only does Israel want to bring more money to Tel Aviv, it also wants your political support for its ongoing occupation of Palestinian Territories and its violation of Palestinian human rights. And if it can't get your explicit political support, it will just use your presence as a cover up for its war crimes.
Israel does not only want your gay tourism money, it also wants to turn “every foreign tourist into an ambassador” for Israel. They are like “look how cool we are with our gay rights!” which makes you forget sometimes that you are actually in a warzone, where freedom is a principle limited to Israelis and international gay tourists.
There is nothing hot about cruising in a Warzone!
There is nothing celebratory about gay rights when they do not include rights and equality for all people!
There is no pride in being used by the Israeli State for its propaganda machine!
#BoycottTLVpride until Israel:
Ends its occupation of Palestinian land occupied in the 1967 war and dismantles its Apartheid wall Recognizes the rights of Arab-Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality Respects, protects and promotes the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN Resolution 194.
Boycott TLV Pride!
Waiting for the Tomahawks
BEIRUT, Lebanon — When President Barack Obama first dangled the possibility of launching a punitive military strike against the Syrian regime, he may have been caught off balance by the reaction of some of Bashar al-Assad's staunchest opponents. Rather than gleefully welcoming support from the world's biggest superpower, some Islamist rebels worry that the United States isn't really coming for Assad — it's coming for them.
"America is going to strike empty bases that are useless to the regime and this cosmetic strike will then be used as a front to go after us," said Suhaib, a 30-year-old fighter with the al Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra, in a Skype interview. "The Americans decided to destroy airports, arms and munitions factories, and scientific research centers when they realized that the honorable revolutionaries of the Free Syrian Army and the jihadists of the Islamist factions are on the verge of seizing them."
If there is one thing that Syria's diverse armed factions converge around, it's the nagging feeling that the United States wants to pull a fast one on them.
In extensive interviews, several rank-and-file fighters and high-ranking commanders expressed the fear that U.S. forces will sweep in at the very last moment, "stealing" the hard-fought Syrian revolution from them after all sides are sufficiently weakened and installing a pliable, hand-picked leadership in Damascus.
"There was never a single day in my entire life where I ever felt like I could trust the Americans or the West in general," said Abu Obaida, who leads a small battalion within the Ahrar al-Sham movement, a countrywide jihadist group that nevertheless maintains close ties to mainstream rebel groups. "This complete lack of trust comes from the strike on Iraq … American forces seized the oil, brainwashed people's minds, took over state institutions, and they went in based on a pretext."
He scoffs at Obama's humanitarian arguments for embroiling the United States in the Syria conflict. With hundreds of people dying every day, he finds it odd that America would be moved to act by a single chemical weapons attack. It is merely an affectation, he believes, to dampen Americans' outrage about embroiling them in yet another military campaign in the Middle East.
"They left us to die for two years," he says. "So can I ask: What difference is there if there's blood or not? It is not a moral imperative for them. We all know that."
The reaction of Abu Obaida and like-minded fighters, however, is just one aspect of the diverse rebel response to the prospect of U.S. military intervention in Syria. While it is difficult to find a single rebel fighter who is not skeptical of American overtures, most moderate Free Syrian Army (FSA) commanders welcome a U.S. military strike as the only potential salvation from the horrors of the Syrian regime's crackdown.
These divergent opinions have become a microcosm of the larger challenges facing the sprawling armed opposition. While a U.S. strike may present the rebels with an unprecedented military opportunity, the fractured movement has seemingly failed to organize a coordinated response.
Even some of the rebel groups who were on the front lines of the Aug. 21 chemical weapons attack, which the United States says killed over 1,400 people, are ambivalent about U.S. military intervention. Liwa al-Islam, a Salafist group that operates in the eastern Damascus suburbs, released a statement that warned darkly of the true American intentions behind intervening in Syria.
"What matters to us is the question of: Who will America target its strike against? And why choose this particular time?" the statement asked. "The Assad regime has used chemical weapons dozens of times and the U.S. did not move a finger. Have they experienced a sudden awakening of conscience or do they feel that the jihadists are on the cusp of achieving a final victory, which will allow them to seize control over the country? This has driven the U.S. to act in the last 15 minutes to deliver the final blow to this tottering regime so it can present itself as a key player and impose its crew which it has been preparing for months to govern Syria."
Commanders of more moderate rebel factions will admit, after much prodding, that they feel invigorated by the prospect of a U.S. strike. But that doesn't mean they trust in the benevolence of Washington's intentions for one second.
Jamal Maarouf, the leader of the Syrian Martyrs' Brigade, is considered one of the most prominent strongmen in the northern Idlib province. Maarouf's brigade includes more than 30,000 fighters, he says, which are now spread across most of Syria's provinces. In describing the U.S. motivation for intervention, he explains that the United States can invade a country in two ways — by deploying its ground troops, or building up a local autocrat who it can control. In Syria, Maarouf says, Washington has opted for the latter option.
"The U.S. wants a pliant leadership that it can control remotely," he explains. "But who is capable of ruling this mess of a country when there are more than 200 armed factions currently fighting on the ground? That's why the U.S. did everything it could to prolong the conflict."
Maarouf believes the Americans are more than content to see droves of Islamists from Afghanistan, Somalia, Tunisia, Pakistan, and Iraq flock to Syria, where they can all be conveniently eradicated at once.
"Here's what I think will happen: The U.S. strike will target the military airports, where the regime keeps its anti-aircraft missiles," he says. "Once that's taken care of, the Americans can send their drones, at will, to collect intelligence on the Islamist factions they want to get rid of. No one will notice as the war continues to rage on and the humanitarian crisis escalates. They think they are fooling us. No one has ever fooled us. But, unfortunately, what can we do about it?"
Such huge distrust of the United States, one might suspect, would make Maarouf hostile to the prospect of American "help" in his struggle against Assad. After all, he notes, none of the weapons promised to them months ago have arrived yet. But when asked if he supports the U.S. strike, Maarouf answers quickly.
"Definitely," he says. "I don't trust their intentions but, against my better instincts, I welcome this strike because they might at least damage the regime's military airports and, let's face it, the enemy of your enemy is your friend."
Rebel commanders have been further disconcerted by Obama's delay in launching a strike. "His decision to get Congress's permission gave Bashar plenty of time to change his strategic [military] positions," said Qassem, a commander who heads an independent battalion in Idlib. "In fact, he has transferred hostages to the locations that U.S. forces could strike so, if anything, there will be a huge loss in terms of civilian lives."
But despite the many potential downsides of American military action, many commanders see no other way to break the bloody military stalemate that currently grips the country. Col. Qassim Saad al-Din, a spokesperson for the FSA's military command who heads military operations in Homs province, doesn't share Maarouf's suspicions that Islamists are the real target of any upcoming U.S. strike.
"I am a 100 percent with the strike," he says. "We instructed all our commanders to be alert and ready to attack regime positions, security forces, and checkpoints. The strike is going to be limited but we will try to take advantage of it anyway."
Al-Din contends that all FSA battalions are coordinating with each other on how to exploit the aftermath of the strike, but they are not necessarily coordinating with Islamist factions. However, he is quick to add, "there is no tension between the FSA and Islamists either."
The Homs commander's comments are just one indication of a broader attempt by Islamists and FSA units to present a united front, at precisely a moment when foreign military intervention could tear them apart. In several interviews with members of Islamist factions, fighters downplayed recent signs of fractures, emphasizing that FSA and Islamist fighters were united in their struggle against the Assad regime.
"The relationship is excellent and the proof is that all our military operations are carried out conjointly with the FSA," said Abu Abd al-Rahman, the spokesperson of the Syrian Islamist Front. He cited the recent capture of the Mannagh Airbase near Aleppo as an example, explaining how both Islamist and moderate brigades took part in the offensive.
"There is no fear of betrayal" between the units, he added pointedly.
But the jihadists' belief that increased American involvement may isolate them from more moderate rebel factions no doubt weighs heavily on their minds — and may inform their opposition to a U.S. strike. Abu Obaida, as a member of the Ahrar al-Sham movement, is aware that the Americans would likely never consider him a respectable interlocutor.
"We are tired of being referred to by terms pinned down by the West such as ‘radicals, militants, extremists and fanatics,'" he complains. "We have given our organizations clear names. Why can't they at least use them?"
Apart from the fighters, Syria's civil society activists — by far the most battered section of the uprising — are less cautious about their support for a strike. Many of them are extremely hostile to the radical Islamist factions which they blame for the Syrian revolution veering off course. They have been savoring a rumor that al Qaeda's branch in Syria has fled the northern province of Raqqa and hidden in the desert prior to the U.S. strike. With more than 110,000 people killed during the conflict and countless more arrested, many of these activists are clinging to any hope for an end to the conflict.
Abu Qatada, a 24-year-old activist in the Damascus suburbs, has fought the desire to commit suicide for a year now. When the Syrian uprising erupted, he was one year away from obtaining a degree in psychology from the University of Damascus, but immediately put his studies on hold to join an FSA battalion as a media activist. He soon went into hiding and started moving from location to location with the armed group, which became his adoptive family. As the war ground on, he watched these men drop in battle day after day.
"I have nothing to live for anymore," he used to say. "Life now is like death. It all feels the same".
Now, however, he is entertaining the possibility of having some kind of future again should the U.S. strike unravel the stalemate. After having come to terms with his dashed dreams, he is now timidly talking about studying international law in the United States next year. But most of all, he is simply waiting to see what the next weeks bring.
"I don't know what the Americans have in mind but we're eager for this strike to happen," he said. "I will decide how I feel about the U.S. after they strike, depending on how they strike, who they strike, and when they strike."
11 PHOTOS China passes US economy See Gallery China overtakes the US as world's largest economy People perform martial arts during sunrise at the promenade on the Bund along the Huangpu River, against the skyline of the Lujiazui Financial District in Pudong, Shanghai on December 1, 2014. The weather forecast for the coming days is cold for eastern China. AFP PHOTO / JOHANNES EISELE (Photo credit should read JOHANNES EISELE/AFP/Getty Images) Fan of Chinese Yuan currency notes International Arrivals flight information board at new Terminal 3 at Beijing International Airport Traditional and modern districts, Shanghai, China TIANJIN, CHINA - 2014/12/01: Chinese consumers on a little square in Florentia Village. The Florentia Village, a replica of Italian town, located in Wuqing, an outskirt station between Beijing and Tianjin, is a luxury and fashion outlet mall retail park. Nearly all the consumers take intercity high-speed rail here from Beijing or Tianjin. In addition to two new openings in 2015, Florentia hopes to open seven outlets across the mainland, extending to second-tier cities such as Chengdu and Qingdao by 2017. (Photo by Zhang Peng/LightRocket via Getty Images) HARBIN, CHINA - DECEMBER 04: (CHINA OUT) World's largest 40-meter-long steel carp with the height of 13 meters and the width of 10 meters is seen on December 4, 2014 in Harbin, Heilongjiang province of China. World's largest steel carp was built at Harbin ice and snow world on Thursday. (Photo by ChinaFotoPress/ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images) Pedestrians cross a street in Beijing on December 1, 2014. China's manufacturing growth skidded to an eight-month low in November, an official survey showed Monday, fuelling speculation authorities will take further steps to stimulate the world's second-largest economy. AFP PHOTO/Greg BAKER (Photo credit should read GREG BAKER/AFP/Getty Images) Hong Kong skyline at dusk, Central business and financial district, Bank of China building, Hong Kong Island, China Illuminations of Hong Kong Island famous high rise buildings skyline floodlit at night from The Peak China China cities roads traffic overpass intersection vehicles ring road street urban construction bridges highways transportation hu ASIA CHINA HONG KONG BOAT RESTAURNT IN HONG KONG HARBOUR Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
By RYAN GORMAN The U.S. no longer boasts the world's largest economy.China, the world's most populous country, has overtaken America to claim the title of world's number one economic powerhouse, according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF).By year's end, China's economic output will reach $17.6 trillion – the U.S. will slide down to second with a mere $17.4 trillion.Just over a decade ago, in 2000, the Americans produced three-times as much as the Chinese, MarketWatch noted. The Chinese economy was one-tenth the size of the U.S. in 1980, according to the Financial Times (FT).China's growth means it now accounts for 16.5 percent of the world's economy, according to the financial news site. The U.S. is holding down 16.3 percent.The IMF made the calculations by measuring purchasing-power parity (PPP), which does not account for fluctuations in exchange rates when measuring economies.Similar goods cost the same in both Shanghai and New York, as far as PPP is concerned.Experts have predicted this monumental shift in economic power for years. It was never a question of if, but rather when.The U.S. sat atop the world economic perch since 1872, when it passed Great Britain. The Brits only held the title for a handful of years, though, according to FT.Who did Great Britain surpass to claim the temporary perch? China, of course. The Chinese had the world's largest economy as late as 1870, an economic historian told the paper.Despite the inevitability of the world's most populous country assuming the top of the economic food chain, China's ascension carries a rather large caveat.The per-person Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is less than one-quarter that of the U.S., according to FT. It is still far from being the world's wealthiest nation.That distinction remains American.
Italians were asked to vote on the country's nuclear programme Sunday, along with the issue of stripping Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of his legal immunity and privatising the country's water supplies, in a three-part referendum open till Monday.
ADVERTISING Read more
AFP – Italians began voting on Sunday in referendums on nuclear power, water privatisation and a law granting Silvio Berlusconi immunity in what is seen as a vital test for the embattled premier.
The nuclear vote will be an important marker of popular opinion on atomic energy in Europe in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in Japan and after Germany this month passed a bill phasing out nuclear power by 2022.
If turnout is higher than 50 percent, a vote against nuclear power will definitively scrap the government's plans to re-start Italy's atomic energy programme by 2014, which have already been put on a temporary moratorium.
Voters could also strip Berlusconi of his legal immunity under a law that was approved by his government soon after his re-election victory in 2008.
The prime minister is a defendant in three ongoing trials, involving allegations of having paid for sex with a 17-year-old girl, bribery and fraud.
A Constitutional Court ruling this year curbed part of the legal protection linked to his duties but the 74-year-old can still invoke some immunity.
A strong vote against Berlusconi would add to signs of the growing discontent in Italy seen in local elections earlier this month, in which his ruling People of Freedom party lost key mayoral contests in Milan and Naples.
Eugenio Scalfari, founder of the leftist La Repubblica newspaper, said there would be "unpredictable effects" if the referendums are approved.
"I exclude Berlusconi's resignation but I do not exclude the implosion of the People of Freedom and of the Northern League," a junior but highly influential partner in Berlusconi's governing coalition, Scalfari said.
Il Giornale, a newspaper owned by the Berlusconi family, said of the referendums in an editorial: "They are a trick. That is why we are not voting."
Polling stations close at 10:00 pm (2000 GMT) on Sunday and are open again between 7:00 am and 3:00 pm on Monday. The result is expected later on Monday.
Figures released after voting closes on Sunday will give an idea of turnout.
Opinion polls conducted by political parties in recent weeks show turnout could be around 50 percent but a quorum has never been reached since 1995.
The nuclear referendum has received the most attention in the run-up to the vote but the issue of privatising Italy's water supplies is also a highly contentious one and there is also controversy over Berlusconi's legal woes.
Italy abandoned atomic energy with a referendum in 1987 after the Chernobyl crisis but Berlusconi had made its re-introduction a major policy goal.
The government argues that nuclear power would slash electricity bills, reduce Italy's energy dependency and be better for the environment.
Opinion polls show however that nuclear power remains deeply unpopular.
The leader of the Greens in the European Parliament, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, has called on Italians to vote against nuclear power, saying that a successful outcome of the referendum would be "an important signal" to the rest of Europe.
Referendum supporters have stepped up a "get out and vote" campaign in recent weeks with a series of rallies as well as some more unusual initiatives.
Beach resorts in the region around the southern city of Naples are offering rental of two deck-chairs for the price of one for people who have voted.
Voters are also being offered discounts in bars and restaurants across Italy, as well as free massages, yoga classes and even concert tickets.
DETROIT -- A look back at the past week, a look ahead at the upcoming week for the Detroit Tigers:
Who's hot: Prince Fielder hit .448 (13-for-29) with eight RBIs and six runs scored in seven games in the past week. He raised his season average from .266 to .301 during that stretch.
Who's not: After allowing just six earned runs in his first six starts, rookie Drew Smyly allowed a combined eight earned runs in 9 2/3 innings in his two most recent starts. He suffered his first career loss Saturday against the Pirates, but he still has a 2.89 ERA for the season despite his recent struggles.
Pitching line of the week: Justin Verlander – who else? -- on Friday vs. the Pirates: 9IP, 1H, 0R, 0ER, 2BB, 12Ks. Verlander came within two outs of his third career no-hitter in an absolutely dynamic outing against Pittsburgh.
Hitting line of the week: Delmon Young on Friday vs. Pirates: 2-for-4, 2B, HR, R, 3 RBIs. Young has struggled this season, but his performance Friday was the start of a good weekend that saw Young go 5-for-11 with four RBIs in three games against Pittsburgh.
Defensive play of the week: Don Kelly, starting in place of Austin Jackson, made a nice running catch on a fly ball to center field in the sixth inning Friday night to help Verlander keep his no-hitter alive.
Matchup of the week: It's not even June yet, so a series between the Tigers and the Cleveland Indians doesn't hold as much weight as it would in, say, September. But a good series against the Indians this weekend would help the Tigers reestablish themselves as the best team in the division. Indian fans rarely fill the stands at Progressive Field, so Tigers fans would likely find plenty of tickets available should they choose to make the trek to Cleveland.
Injury update: Luis Marte (left hamstring strain) has had his injury rehabilitation assignment transferred from Single-A Lakeland to Triple-A Toledo and will pitch Monday for the Mud Hens. Daniel Schlereth (left shoulder tendinitis) remains on the 15-day disabled list. Al Alburquerque (right elbow surgery) and Victor Martinez (left knee surgery) remain on the 60-day disabled list and are working toward returns later in the season.
Schedule: Tigers at Indians, 7:05 p.m. Tuesday (Rick Porcello vs. RHP Ubaldo Jimenez), FSD; Tigers at Indians, 7:05 p.m. Wednesday (Doug Fister vs. RHP Zach McAllister), FSD; Tigers at Indians, 12:05 p.m. Thursday (Justin Verlander vs. Justin Masterson), FSD; Tigers at Twins, 8:10 p.m. Friday (Drew Smyly vs. RHP Jason Marquis), FSD; Tigers at Twins, 2:10 p.m. Saturday (Max Scherzer vs. TBD), FSD; Tigers at Twins, 2:10 p.m. Sunday (Rick Porcello vs. RHP Phillip Walters), FSD.
Analysis: The Tigers continue to take one step forward and one step back. A 10-game road trip against three teams (Indians, Twins, Red Sox) might not seem like the best opportunity to put a winning streak together, but discontent will continue to grow if the Tigers don't get things turned around relatively soon.
-- Follow Chris Iott on Twitter for regular updates on the Detroit Tigers.
Trendmasters Zigra Figure Review
| By
Trendmasters Gamera
Zigra
4 Inch Scale
By: Trendmasters
$13.99
Unlike most kaiju, Zigra is intelligent and capable of speech, presumably by telepathic means. He is an alien from an unknown planet that landed on earth via a small spaceship shell – the ship sports the same dorsal fins. For much of the first half of the film, he uses a captured human female as an extension of his will to infiltrate dry land.
By 1971 the Japanese Monster craze was starting to die down. Although Godzilla did crank out five films during the 70's, the golden goose was starting to lay bronze eggs at best. For Gamera, things were even harder and Daiei would find itself closer and closer to the brink of bankruptcy as Gamera had been milked just about dry. Gamera versus Zigra would be the last film in the series until Gamera: Guardian of the Universe in 1995, not counting of course, the abomination of stock footage known as 1980's Gamera Super Monster.
Zigra was an interesting monster, with a fish-meets-bird design that made him a strange monster to look at. Daiei's budget was pretty low, so Zigra didn't look great, but the design was unique. Trendmasters was able to do something pretty epic with their Gamera toy line and that was to make Zigra look perhaps as he always should have, quite fierce.
Packaging :
The packaging is the same as we've seen before in this line, all the figures share the exact same packaging. There is a large photo of Gamera's head from the film, Guardian of the Universe, but actual Gamera logo doesn't appear anywhere but the plastic bubble. In a lot of ways the packaging mirrors Trendmasters' Independence Day toy packages. Trendmasters had more black cards for their toys than probably any toy company ever.
The back of the package is the exact same as the one for Gamera. All the figures share the same card, with only the inner nameplate changing. Once again, the bio is terrific and fairly in-depth for the character, if not quite era accurate.
Sculpt :
Unlike Gamera and Gyaos , Zigra had not appeared in any films during the Heisei era. This meant that Trendmasters was left with two possibilities. One, would be to release Zigra just as he had appeared in the film. Which in itself was pretty hokey for the time period. The other option and the one they actually went with, was to modernize the character and give us the “Heisei Zigra”, even if it had no film basis.
Everything on Zigra has been amped up. This is truly a beautiful redesign by Trendmasters. They didn't try to turn Zigra into a toy, but simply made Zigra look as though he had been brought into the modern age. It's like looking at vintage Gamera and modern Gamera… They really nailed it.
He has all of Zigra's traits and colors. From the fins to the red eyes and pointy teeth, it's all here. Zigra still looks like a bird-dolphin-goblin shark… But now he looks like a true monster, not a goofy guy in a suit. He's still not the most exciting design in the world, but the depth of Trendmasters' sculpting ability is really shining here.
The head sculpt does have a hole in it's head for the missile and unfortunately, once again it leaves his head empty enough that you can see through it. As per the norm, this is the budget version without the electronics, but all the electronic compartments are still there. The good news here is that the actual electronic version of Zigra had a red button on it and here it's absent. He looks great head to toe.
The design is well detailed, and the only real weak spot is that his head is two pieces glued together. That means up super close you can see a gap. It's not as visible to the human eye, but clearly it's a bit worse than a regular mold line.
Articulation :
The articulation is really, really good on Zigra, all things considered. He has a cut neck that allows full range of motion. That's surprising considering he has that stupid rocket launcher built into his head.
Both arm fins have cuts and cuts at the legs and tail. That gives him plenty of movement, both for flying and ground attack poses. You can't quite convert him to his “fish mode” that he had in the film, but you can pose him quite well for ground battles.
The tail's positioning allows Zigra to pretty much stand at any angle. His feet are big hooks, as opposed to the “elf boots” of the real costume and that would make standing difficult, you'd think. But the way the tail sets, allows him to pretty much never fall over. Kudos Trendmasters.
Accessories :
Of all the goofy rocket launchers to come with these figures so far, Zigra's is the best. It isn't some odd color and instead of being a ray, it's more of an additional horn. It fits in with the design well.
It's listed as his paralysis beam, which in the film was more of a spider-silk type material, but it looks like an additional horn to me. It fits into the head quite well and doesn't take away from the design when it's in. It does stick out a bit in the back, but not enough to be much of an eyesore.
It seems to fire just by pushing it a bit and works pretty well. I can't decide if I like him better with it in or out. Either way he looks pretty good, though.
Value :
Zigra is probably the most common of the Trendmasters figures. He's relatively cheap when he shows up and nobody loves poor Zigra. I'm not sure why, he's a frickin' fantastic figure! Everything that Trendmasters did here is appropriate and well done. I think I prefer the bare-bones version to the electronic version, though, because he doesn't have that bright red button.
Score Recap
Packaging – 7Sculpting – 8Articulation – 8Accessories – Missile HeadValue – 8
Trendmasters managed to do everything right with Zigra. Because they completely redesigned Zigra, this is hands down the best Zigra figure ever produced. I have no doubt in my mind that this is how Daiei envisioned Zigra to look when they first came up with the character. The Trendmasters' design of Zigra is everything this Kaiju could ever hope to be. It's a little plastic masterpiece in that sense and I doubt it will ever be topped, at least as it relates to this character.
Former Minnesota Republican Party Chair Tony Sutton via Fibonacci Blue / Flickr
The Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board released a damning report (PDF) on Friday that fined the Minnesota Republican Party and its former chair nearly $30,000 for intentionally circumventing campaign finance law in 2010. The report also found the party's finances are plagued by sloppy bookkeeping and “out of control” spending.
The Board fined the state party $26,900 and its former party chair Tony Sutton $3,000 for taking inappropriate contributions during the 2010 recount for Minnesota's three-way governor's race, according to the Star Tribune.
A for-profit corporation formed during the recount, Count Them All Properly Inc. (CTAP) appeared to funnel payments to a Minnesota law firm and a former Minnesota Supreme court chief justice who agreed to represent the party in the recount. The Board found that the corporation was a direct attempt to circumvent the state's campaign finance law. CTAP itself was fined an additional $3,000.
Mike Dean of Common Cause of Minnesota, which filed the initial complaint against the state Republican party and CTAP, told the Star Tribune that the party “attempted to use a shell corporation to hide over a half million dollars in debt from the public.”
The Board said “criminal sanctions are available” for Sutton, that but, “the Board leaves the decision as to whether a criminal investigation should be undertaken to the appropriate County Attorney.” Sutton resigned from his $100,000-a-year chairmanship last year, and the state's current party chair, Pat Shortridge, took over and agreed to work for no salary.
Perhaps most damning was the report's assessment of the party's finances. The Board found the party's books “were in disarray and its spending was essentially not under anyone's control” and “regular spending appeared to be out of control.” The party is estimated to be about $2 million in debt.
Former 2010 Republican gubernatorial candidate Tom Emmer told MinnPost that he texted Shortridge in the wake of the Board's report. “I just wanted to tell him, ‘It's time to close the chapter and move on,'” Emmer told MinnPost.
The Minnesota Republican Party got into trouble earlier this year for failing to pay rent on its St. Paul headquarters.
[Former Minnesota Republican Party Chair Tony Sutton via Fibonacci Blue / Flickr]
By Orion McCarthy
IN 2012, a group of scientists, activists, and conservation groups banded together to save the worlds most trafficked mammal – the pangolin – from extinction.
They knew the task would not be easy. All eight species of pangolin, also known as scaly anteaters, faced threats from rampant habitat destruction, covert poaching networks, and demand for pangolin products in China and Vietnam. To make matters worse, the vast majority of the public had no idea what a pangolin even was.
The pangolin's anonymity wasn't surprising. As nocturnal, solitary, and highly secretive creatures, pangolins spend most of their time burrowing or feeding on ants and termites with their long tongues. They are also rare, and are difficult to photograph, study in the wild, or raise in captivity.
No wonder most people had never heard of them.
But even with these antisocial traits, there are lots of reasons to love pangolins. First, they are adorable: pangolins are covered in a layer of overlapping scales and look like walking pinecones. Second, they are ecologically important: a pangolin's scaly exterior protects them from the stinging bites of termites, which they devour by the pound. This bottomless appetite makes pangolins a natural pest exterminator. Third, they are unique: pangolins are the only living members of the order Pholidota and have been around for over 50 million years. While they look like anteaters, their closest living relatives are actually members of the order Carnivora, which includes dogs, cats, bears, and seals.
Sadly, these quirky creatures face a mounting threat from the illegal wildlife trade. In the same way poachers target elephants for their ivory and rhinos for their horns, pangolins are targeted for their scales, which are dried and used in traditional medicine in Asia. Even though pangolin scales are made of the same material as human fingernails and have not been shown to have any healing properties, they are highly sought after and constitute 20% of the global black market in protected animal parts. Pangolins are also hunted for their meat.
More than one million pangolins have been killed over the past decade to satisfy surging demand for their scales and meat, earning them the dubious title of the world's most trafficked mammal.
Conservationists knew that something had to be done to change this grim statistic, and that achieving meaningful protections for pangolins would not be easy. To address the threat of poaching, they decided to focus first and foremost on raising public awareness about the plight of the pangolin.
Public awareness is important because it generates the conservation funding and political will required to save a species. Well known and widely loved animals such as elephants and rhinos also face intensifying threats from the illegal wildlife trade, but benefit from hundreds of millions of dollars in funding that supports monitoring networks, public service announcements, protected area and customs enforcement, and conservation programs.
Similar funding opportunities and conservation action to protect pangolins would require a coordinated global movement to introduce the planet to its most bizarre mammal.
Introducing the World to the Pangolin
The push to raise global awareness about pangolins took off in 2012 following the formation of the Pangolin Specialist Group by the IUCN Species Survival Commission.
The Pangolin Specialist Group, which consists of over 100 organizations from over 25 countries, was created to serve as a global voice for pangolin research and conservation. The group acted swiftly to launch World Pangolin Day to raise awareness about these obscure creatures.
World Pangolin Day, which falls on the third Saturday of February each year, has reached an increasingly broad and diverse audience on social media. The highly successful public awareness campaign triggers a flood of pangolin gifs and hashtags every February, bringing the elusive pangolin and its plight to thousands of newsfeeds. World Pangolin Day has also inspired articles by CNN, The Telegraph, Mongabay, and Smithsonian Magazine that have collectively reached millions of readers, and been used to promote interactive online tools to track the international wildlife trade, such as the EIA Pangolin Crime Map.
Efforts to publicize the pangolin have only expanded since then. In 2014, Pangolin Specialist Group member United For Wildlife partnered with Angry Birds to release the Roll with the Pangolins Angry Birds Friends Tournament. The mini game, which prompted users to free pangolins from cages using Angry Birds, was played 8 million times within a week of its launch.
In 2016, WildAid teamed up with Angelababy, one of China's biggest celebrities, to produce a public service announcement about pangolins. The campaign aimed to reduce consumption of pangolin products and raise awareness of the illegal wildlife trade in China. Angelababy's 60 million followers on Weibo, the Chinese version of twitter, make her a social media force comparable to the Kardashians and a valuable spokeswoman for pangolins.
In Vietnam, a hotspot for pangolin consumption, the group Education For Nature has produced 30 public service announcements that have reached a large segment of the country's 90 million residents. The ads aim to discourage consumption of exotic wildlife products.
Other forms of media have been used to publicize pangolins, including art exhibits, radio programs, memes, and children's books. Pangolins even made a debut on the big screen in 2016 with an appearance in Disney's The Jungle Book.
Achieving Meaningful Protections
Over the past five years, World Pangolin Day and other public awareness initiatives have exposed the pangolin to greater degree of international attention than the obscure mammal had ever experienced before.
Major news outlets began reporting on seizures of illegally trafficked pangolin scales. In Zimbabwe, 47 pangolin poachers were convicted amid a poaching crackdown, and in 2014 undercover investigations succeeded in removing illegal wildlife products, including pangolins, from select restaurants in Vietnam. In 2016, a survey of 1,900 Chinese citizens found that 80% support a ban of pangolin products, while 90% expressed a willingness to participate in activities that would protect pangolins.
Growing public support for pangolin conservation has fueled the work of the Pangolin Specialist Group, which released the Scaling Up Pangolin Conservation action plan in 2014. The action plan is a synthesis of policy, research, and outreach recommendations that are critical to the survival of pangolins. It has already spawned a number of successful initiatives focused on reducing demand for pangolin products, documenting patterns in the illegal wildlife trade, identifying and securing pangolin strongholds, engaging local communities, and more.
Rising public awareness and action by pangolin conservation groups have helped to create a brighter future for pangolins this year.
In October 2016, 182 countries voted to completely ban the international trade of pangolins during the 17th Conference of the Parties (CoP 17) of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES). The decision to list all eight species of pangolin under Appendix I, the strictest form of protection under CITES, will increase penalties for wildlife traffickers, close legal loopholes, and prioritize enforcement. The new restrictions will take effect in January 2017.
The near unanimous support for the Appendix I listings reflect the growing international profile of the pangolin, as well as the tireless efforts of pangolin conservation groups that have made an unassailable case for pangolin conservation. While there is much more work to be done, the prospects of success for pangolin conservation are far better than four years ago.
What YOU can do
Pangolins have benefited from an influx of attention over the past few years, but far too many people still don't know they exist. While pangolin conservation programs have increased, pangolins continue to face threats from poaching, and it will be a while before pangolin populations begin to stabilize.
In short, pangolins need your help now more than ever. Here are a few simple things you can do to protect them.
Support pangolin conservation by Pangolin Specialist Group members such as the Zoological Society of London, the International Fund for Animal Welfare, Humane Society International, Born Free, Education for Nature Vietnam, and others.
by Pangolin Specialist Group members such as the Zoological Society of London, the International Fund for Animal Welfare, Humane Society International, Born Free, Education for Nature Vietnam, and others. Report wildlife crime using online tools such as Wildleaks, and never purchase pangolin products.
using online tools such as Wildleaks, and never purchase pangolin products. Spread the word about pangolins. Share pictures of them on social media. Use pangolin hashtags, even when it isn't World Pangolin Day. Give pangolin artwork to your friends. Read a book about pangolins to your children. Talk about pangolins around the dinner table. Teach your parents why pangolins are important.
Pangolin conservation is finally gaining momentum. By raising your voice for pangolins, you help to perpetuate this momentum and contribute to a brighter future for these wonderful creatures.
LEARN MORE
Loominary weaves a story.
Loominary.info
Imagine sitting in front of a “Choose Your Own Adventure” tale. It's just like the book format that you might remember from childhood, but instead of being on a page, it unfolds on the screen. You read through several paragraphs of text, and are presented with four colorful options to shift the direction of the story. Here's the magical part: You select your preferred option by passing a certain color thread through a loom. That's right—this game is loom-controlled.
When most people think of interacting with computers, they think of traditional interfaces, like a computer mouse, keyboard, or cellphone. However, as computer capabilities evolve, so do the variety of interfaces. One intriguing and nontraditional idea is to use fabric-based interfaces for fun or to achieve a goal. Because all of us are familiar with fabric as a material, the systems also aim to be more inclusive.
One version of a cloth-based computer interface is a video game system called Loominary, which uses a tabletop loom as an interface to weave a scarf using a narrative videogame that follows the story of the Greek myths of Oedipus and Medusa (or a more child-friendly version with a story about a unicorn).
Here's how it works. The yarn is loaded onto sticks called shuttles to pass it through the loom, and a computer tracks the movement of these shuttles using radio frequency identification (RFID) devices and integrating them into the mechanics of the loom.
Josh McCoy, a digital media professor at the University of California–Davis and one of the minds behind the game, explained how they managed to track the correct yarn colors. “We ended up using an RFID and an RFID tab on the shuttle, the things with the yarn on them that you pull through the [loom] to thread another line. It's the same technology that you use when you put your hotel card against the hotel door and it reads it and opens the door, the same type of tab,” McCoy said
The sensing equipment to allow a computer to read the movements of the RFID cards is hidden under the loom in a box. To figure out the technology McCoy had the help of Sarah Hendricks, who worked on how to track the weaving as part of her undergraduate capstone project.
McCoy came up with the idea for the loom along with Anne Sullivan, a digital media professor at the University of Central Florida whose background is in crafting. They wanted to leave users with a tangible product once completed. The duo also worked with master's student Bri Williams write the story in a program called Twine that allows users to create a branching story.
“When you beat a boss in a game, you have a unique story of how you got through it, and that tends to be what you kind of share with your friends. It's not the story about the game, it's what you did in the game,” Sullivan said. “The problem is that a lot of games don't capture that in any way, and so the inspiration for Loominary was … ‘How can we capture their story in a more tangible way?' ” Sullivan said.
The makers hope that the game system will simultaneously appeal to both gamers who might be intrigued by the unusual interface and crafters who might not normally be attracted to video games. Crafting and computing have traditionally been viewed as disparate activities, but as Future Tense has explored before, one can easily inform the other. A movement known as computational crafting also blends the two disciplines.
Sullivan and McCoy hope that others will take the concept and develop it further. Loominary's code and instructions are open source, which means that users can build their own versions, modifying the story as they desire. While both professors are interested in incorporating other crafts into future games, they also both plan to develop Loominary in different ways. McCoy wonders about the possibility of using artificial intelligence to generate a dynamic story each time rather than a static one, and Sullivan can also see incorporating other scarf references in pop culture into the gameplay (Harry Potter house scarf, anyone?).
While Loominary is unique, others have also experimented with fabric interface functions. As my fellow Slate intern Lisa Fierstein first brought to my attention, Sean Ahlquist, an architecture professor at the University of Michigan, has created a large, flexible, fabric-based version of a touchscreen. Using an industrial-sized knitting machine, he makes large pieces of specially strengthened fabric that respond to the amount of pressure applied to them. It uses a combination of Microsoft Kinect software (which registers movement) and custom software that ties these changes in movement with changes in the fabric surface.
Ahlquist has developed two versions of the textile interface, which he currently intends to be used primarily by children with autism. (He was inspired by his daughter, who has autism.) In “Stretch Color,” the sensitive fabric is stretched out to resemble a large projection screen and serves as a high-tech coloring book. Unlike the typical projector screen, however, the images on the fabric respond to touch, allowing children to color in the designs by applying the correct amount of pressure. This helps children with autism learn how much force to apply to their gestures, something they sometimes struggle to do.
In “Stretch Play,” the same knit fabric is stretched out on a much more unusual frame, creating tunnels and structures that users can climb under and through. The programming for this interface triggers certain animations when specific spots on the structure are touched. Touching one spot might cause fish to appear and follow your movements, for example. Ahlquist designed the structure so that children could not easily trigger all of the functions simultaneously—they must work together to simultaneously trigger patterns for more interesting effects.
Although Loominary and Ahlquist's projects have vastly different purposes—, they both integrate technologies and materials that seem familiar in other contexts and combine them in ways that are novel and intriguing. I, for one, wouldn't mind if we were able to weave these ideas into daily life in the future.
Image copyright Tibet Women's Soccer Image caption Tibet Women's Soccer team are in "good spirits" despite not being able to visit the US
A Tibetan women's football team has claimed that they have been denied United States visas to take part in a tournament in Texas.
They say they were told they had "no good reason" to visit the US.
Most of the players are Tibetan refugees living in India, and had applied at the US embassy in Delhi.
US President Donald Trump has imposed a travel ban (now frozen) on nationals from seven countries, but neither India nor China is on the list.
Tibet, a remote and mainly-Buddhist territory known as the "roof of the world", is governed as an autonomous region of China.
Cassie Childers, the executive director of Tibet Women's Soccer and a US citizen, told the BBC that she had accompanied the group of 16 players for interviews at the embassy on 24 February.
Tibet's exiles battling to progress
Tibet profile
India Muslim athlete denied US visa
"I am disappointed because we had planned the trip for months. It was a big moment in every player's life when they were told about the trip. It was their opportunity to tell the world that Tibetan women are capable of achieving anything," she said.
Ms Childers added that she was "ashamed" that her country refused to grant visas to a women's football team.
However, she said she did not think the denial had anything to do with the Trump administration.
"I had feared an outcome like this because Tibetans usually struggle to get US visas as officials fear that they might request asylum," she said.
She added that her team "was in good spirits despite this setback".
"The players are very positive. I was very dejected but they motivated me. I hope some other place will invite us where Tibetans are welcomed. Otherwise, we will just get together in an Indian city and practice anyway."
Image copyright Tibet Women's Soccer Image caption The team wants to visit a country which welcomes Tibetans
Most of the women in the team carry Indian Identity Certificates, which are documents issued by the Indian government to Tibetan refugees and function as passports.
Two members of the group held Indian passports.
Another four players who live in Nepal, and are Nepalese citizens, have also applied for visas in Kathmandu, but haven't heard from US officials.
A US official told the AP news agency that they did not comment on individual cases, but that the US position on Tibet had not changed, which is that Tibet is still recognised as part of China.
The team was planning to take part in the Dallas Cup, an annual tournament for youth teams from around the world.
If you want to visit a destination off the beaten track and untouched by modern tourism, consider Azerbaijan. Here are some things to do in Azerbaijan to get you inspired.
Azerbaijan is a country far off the beaten path as far as travel goes. While I was there for twenty days this summer, almost all of the foreigners I saw were expatriates, interns or volunteers. Thus, if you enjoy visiting places still relatively untouched by modern tourism, Azerbaijan is certainly the place to go.
To help shed more light on this little-known country, here are 9 essentials experiences to have while you are in Azerbaijan:
1. Soak in the shimmering skyline of downtown Baku by night
Flush with revenue from the country's ample petroleum deposits, the Azerbaijani government has spruced up the downtown area of its capital, Baku, at considerable expense.
Of the many glistening towers of glass and steel sprouting all over Baku, the Flame Towers are probably the most distinctive. The nightly visual projections on its façade are best appreciated while walking along Baku's waterfront promenade at dusk.
For an expansive panorama of Baku's downtown skyline, walk up—or take the free funicular—to the viewing points at the base of the Flame Towers. Stay for sunset and watch the waterfront come alive in a shimmering array of lights and colours as day turns into night.
2. Take a public bus passing by the many creaking oil derricks outside Baku
No sojourn in Baku is complete without checking out the many old and creaking oil derricks outside Baku. Some of them are still working, pumping out the black gold that has been a defining part of Baku's history over the past century.
Bus 204 that leaves from the Koroğlu metro station and goes to the Ramana Fortress will bring you up close to some of these oil derricks. As the rickety bus hobbles over the bumpy gravel roads in the outskirts of Baku, you can try to spot which oil derricks are still working in the seemingly endless fields of rusting mechanical levers and towers.
3. Come face to face with the bubbling mud volcanoes of Qobustan
Azerbaijan is home to a dazzling number of mud volcanoes. Constantly spewing out mud and sulphuric gases, these unusual geological formations offer a fascinating sensory experience.
The gurgling sounds of the mud are a delight to listen to, while the cold mud itself leaves a refreshing sensation when applied on your skin, especially in the dry heat of the Azerbaijani summer. Due to its mineral content, the mud is believed to have curative properties.
Most tours leaving from Baku to the petroglyphs of Qobustan will include a visit to the nearby mud volcanoes.
4. Relax and unwind at the only surviving commune in Azerbaijan
Around three to four hours from Baku lies the town of Ivanovka, home to the last surviving kolkhoz (Soviet-style collective farm) in Azerbaijan. Most of the towns' inhabitants are not ethnic Azerbaijanis, but Russian-speaking Molokans, members of a Christian sect that were exiled to the periphery of the Russian Empire during the 19th century.
Complement your visit to Ivanovka with a stay at the comfortable and cosy Ivanovka Guesthouse, run by John and Tanya, a British-Azerbaijani couple. John has plenty of stories to share starting from his days as a sailor in the Royal Navy, while Tanya's cooking is simply superb.
Note that if you are expecting to nurse your nostalgia for some sort of Soviet communist utopia, prepare to be disappointed. Life is far from a bed of roses in Ivanovka. According to John, some of the workers earn as little as 40 manats (US$25) per month, and he has heard of cases where they had to steal food from the commune to survive.
5. Be awash in colours inside the palaces of Sheki
The city of Sheki was home to a khanate in the second half of the 18th century, two of whose palace buildings can still be visited today.
The Khan's Palace (Xan sarayı) is the main attraction at Sheki, which features colourful stained-glass windows known as shabaka (şəbəkə) and intricately-furnished interiors. Unfortunately, photography is not allowed inside the Khan's Palace.
However, if you still want to capture on camera the kaleidoscopic interior of a palace building in Sheki, head over to the little-known House of the Sheki Khans (Şekixanlarının evi) where photography is permitted for an extra 2 manats (US$1.20). Said to be the khans' winter residence, it features shabaka windows similar to those of the Khan's Palace.
6. Learn about the ancient Caucasian Albanians at Kish
The Caucasian Albanians were Christians who lived in what is today northern Azerbaijan before the advent of Islam in 8th century AD. You can learn more about this ancient community from the wordy trilingual information panels within the restored Kish Albanian Church (Kiş alban məbədi).
The church is located in the sleepy, cobble-stoned village of Kish, a short, bumpy marshrutka ride away from Sheki. Even if the ethnographic details of the Caucasian Albanians do not appeal to you, Kish is still worth visiting just for a glimpse of village life in Azerbaijan.
7. Explore the dramatic mountain setting around Khinalug
Surrounded by majestic mountains, the village of Khinalug offers one of the most dramatic natural landscapes in Azerbaijan.
It is worthwhile to spend a day hiking the hills around the village where you will get ample opportunities for panoramic views and postcard-perfect photos of Khinalug set against the mountains.
When you are done with all the walking, rest and spend the night in the village at one of its many rustic homestays. Live as the villagers do in one of their homes, and listen to them speak ketsch, a unique language that is native to nowhere else.
8. Retrace the legacy of the Siemens brothers around Gedabey
Gani, the man behind the Azerbaijan Traveller website, single-handedly unearthed the history of the famous Siemens brothers in the town of Gedabey while working as a translator there. He now offers a two-day hiking tour to Gedabey where you can learn about what the brothers did and see the buildings they left behind.
The highlight of the tour is undoubtedly walking the old railway route between the copper refining plant in the nearby town of Galakent and the copper mine in Gedabey. Retracing the route is a full-day affair that will take you through a number of villages and meadows with scenic views of the surrounding mountains.
Although the railway tracks are now gone, many of the arch-bridges still survive. Most are decrepit, but a select few continue to command awe.
Also read: 5 Personal Experiences that Prove Travelling is Best Done Without a Plan
9. Get lost in the forests around Zaqatala
With the forested foothills of the Caucasus Mountains as its backdrop, the city of Zaqatala presents many untapped opportunities for hiking and camping in wild nature. Information about possible trails is scarce, however. A local contact or guide is advisable if you wish to do any extended hikes deep into the mountains.
I was lucky to have found the only active Couchsurfing host in Zaqatala before she left her hometown for university. With her and her friends, we spent a memorable day getting our feet wet while traversing a rocky creek that begins from the nearby village of Car.
www.thornwalker.com/ditch/snieg_conc1.htm
Table of contents.
Reader response.
The war on Iraq:
Conceived in Israel
By STEPHEN J. SNIEGOSKI
© 2003 Stephen J. Sniegoski
All rights reserved.
In a lengthy article in The American Conservative criticizing the rationale for the projected U.S. attack on Iraq, the veteran diplomatic historian Paul W. Schroeder noted (only in passing) "what is possibly the unacknowledged real reason and motive behind the policy  security for Israel." If Israel's security were indeed the real American motive for war, Schroeder wrote,
It would represent something to my knowledge unique in history. It is common for great powers to try to fight wars by proxy, getting smaller powers to fight for their interests. This would be the first instance I know where a great power (in fact, a superpower) would do the fighting as the proxy of a small client state. [1]
Is there any evidence that Israel and her supporters have managed to get the United States to fight for their interests?
To unearth the real motives for the projected war on Iraq, one must ask the critical question: How did the 9/11 terrorist attack lead to the planned war on Iraq, even though there is no real evidence that Iraq was involved in 9/11? From the time of the 9/11 attack, neoconservatives, of primarily (though not exclusively) Jewish ethnicity and right-wing Zionist persuasion, have tried to make use of 9/11 to foment a broad war against Islamic terrorism, the targets of which would coincide with the enemies of Israel.
Although the term neoconservative is in common usage, a brief description of the group might be helpful. Many of the first-generation neocons originally were liberal Democrats, or even socialists and Marxists, often Trotskyites. They drifted to the right in the 1960s and 1970s as the Democratic Party moved to the antiwar McGovernite left. And concern for Israel loomed large in that rightward drift. As political scientist Benjamin Ginsberg puts it:
One major factor that drew them inexorably to the right was their attachment to Israel and their growing frustration during the 1960s with a Democratic party that was becoming increasingly opposed to American military preparedness and increasingly enamored of Third World causes [e.g., Palestinian rights]. In the Reaganite right's hard-line anti-communism, commitment to American military strength, and willingness to intervene politically and militarily in the affairs of other nations to promote democratic values (and American interests), neocons found a political movement that would guarantee Israel's security. [2]
For some time prior to September 11, 2001, neoconservatives had publicly advocated an American war on Iraq. The 9/11 atrocities provided the pretext. The idea that neocons are the motivating force behind the U.S. movement for war has been broached by a number of commentators. For instance, Joshua Micah Marshall authored an article in The Washington Monthly titled: "Bomb Saddam?: How the obsession of a few neocon hawks became the central goal of U.S. foreign policy." And in the leftist e-journal CounterPunch, Kathleen and Bill Christison wrote:
The suggestion that the war with Iraq is being planned at Israel's behest, or at the instigation of policymakers whose main motivation is trying to create a secure environment for Israel, is strong. Many Israeli analysts believe this. The Israeli commentator Akiva Eldar recently observed frankly in a Ha'aretz column that [Richard] Perle, [Douglas] Feith, and their fellow strategists "are walking a fine line between their loyalty to American governments and Israeli interests." The suggestion of dual loyalties is not a verboten subject in the Israeli press, as it is in the United States. Peace activist Uri Avnery, who knows Israeli Prime Minister Sharon well, has written that Sharon has long planned grandiose schemes for restructuring the Middle East and that "the winds blowing now in Washington remind me of Sharon. I have absolutely no proof that the Bushies got their ideas from him. But the style is the same." [3]
In the following essay I attempt to flesh out that thesis and show the link between the war position of the neoconservatives and the long-time strategy of the Israeli Right, if not of the Israeli mainstream itself. In brief, the idea of a Middle East war has been bandied about in Israel for many years as a means of enhancing Israeli security, which revolves around an ultimate solution to the Palestinian problem.
War and expulsion
To understand why Israeli leaders would want a Middle East war, it is first necessary to take a brief look at the history of the Zionist movement and its goals. Despite public rhetoric to the contrary, the idea of expelling (or, in the accepted euphemism, "transferring") the indigenous Palestinian population was an integral part of the Zionist effort to found a Jewish national state in Palestine. Historian Tom Segev writes:
The idea of transfer had accompanied the Zionist movement from its very beginnings, first appearing in Theodore Herzl's diary. In practice, the Zionists began executing a mini-transfer from the time they began purchasing the land and evacuating the Arab tenants.... "Disappearing" the Arabs lay at the heart of the Zionist dream, and was also a necessary condition of its existence.... With few exceptions, none of the Zionists disputed the desirability of forced transfer  or its morality.
However, Segev continues, the Zionist leaders learned not to publicly proclaim their plan of mass expulsion because "this would cause the Zionists to lose the world's sympathy." [4]
The key was to find an opportune time to initiate the expulsion so it would not incur the world's condemnation. In the late 1930s, David Ben-Gurion wrote: "What is inconceivable in normal times is possible in revolutionary times; and if at this time the opportunity is missed and what is possible in such great hours is not carried out  a whole world is lost." [5] The "revolutionary times" would come with the first Arab-Israeli war in 1948, when the Zionists were able to expel 750,000 Palestinians (more than 80 percent of the indigenous population), and thus achieve an overwhelmingly Jewish state, though its area did not include the entirety of Palestine, or the "Land of Israel," which Zionist leaders thought necessary for a viable state.
The opportunity to grab additional land occurred as a result of the 1967 war; however, that occupation brought with it the problem of a large Palestinian population. By that time world opinion was totally opposed to forced population transfers, equating such a policy with the unspeakable horror of Nazism. The landmark Fourth Geneva Convention, ratified in 1949, had "unequivocally prohibited deportation" of civilians under occupation. [6] Since the 1967 war, the major question in Israeli politics has been: What to do with that territory and its Palestinian population?
It was during the 1980s, with the coming to power of the right-wing Likud government, that the idea of expulsion resurfaced publicly. And this time it was directly tied to a larger war, with destabilization of the Middle East seen as a precondition for Palestinian expulsion. Such a proposal, including removal of the Palestinian population, was outlined in an article by Oded Yinon, titled "A Strategy for Israel in the 1980s," appearing in the World Zionist Organization's periodical Kivunim in February 1982. Yinon had been attached to the Israeli Foreign Ministry and his article undoubtedly reflected high-level thinking in the Israeli military and intelligence establishment. The article called for Israel to bring about the dissolution and fragmentation of the Arab states into a mosaic of ethnic groupings. Thinking along those lines, Ariel Sharon stated on March 24, 1988, that if the Palestinian uprising continued, Israel would have to make war on her Arab neighbors. The war, he stated, would provide "the circumstances" for the removal of the entire Palestinian population from the West Bank and Gaza and even from inside Israel proper. [7]
Israeli foreign policy expert Yehoshafat Harkabi critiqued the war/expulsion scenario  referring to "Israeli intentions to impose a Pax Israelica on the Middle East, to dominate the Arab countries and treat them harshly"  in his very significant work, Israel's Fateful Hour, published in 1988. Writing from a realist perspective, Harkabi concluded that Israel did not have the power to achieve that goal, given the strength of the Arab states, the large Palestinian population involved, and the vehement opposition of world opinion. He hoped that "the failed Israeli attempt to impose a new order in the weakest Arab state  Lebanon  will disabuse people of similar ambitions in other territories." [8] Left unconsidered by Harkabi was the possibility that the United States would act as Israel's proxy to achieve the overall goal.
U.S. Realpolitik
In the 1970s and 1980s, U.S. Middle Eastern policy, although sympathetic to Israel, was not identical to that of Israel. The fundamental goal of U.S. policy was to promote stable governments in the Middle East that would allow oil to flow reliably to the Western industrial nations. It was not necessary for the Muslim countries to befriend Israel  in fact they could openly oppose the Jewish state. The United States worked for peace between Israel and the Muslim states in the region, but it was to be a peace that would accommodate the demands of the Muslim nations  most crucially their demands involving the Palestinians.
Pursuing its policy of ensuring the security of Middle East oil supplies, by the mid 1980s Washington was heavily supporting Iraq in her war against Iran, although for a while the United States had also provided some aid to Iran (viz. the Iran-contra scandal). Ironically, Donald Rumsfeld was the U.S. envoy who in 1983 paved the way for the restoration of relations with Iraq, relations which had been severed in 1967. The United States along with other Western nations looked upon Iraq as a bulwark against the radical Islamism of the Ayatollah's Iran, which threatened Western oil interests. U.S. support for Iraq included intelligence information, military equipment, and agricultural credits. And the United States deployed the largest naval force since the Vietnam War in the Persian Gulf. Ostensibly sent for the purpose of protecting oil tankers, it ended up engaging in serious attacks on Iran's navy.
It was during this period of U.S. support that Iraq used poison gas against the Iranians and the Kurds, a tactic that the U.S. government and its media supporters now describe as so horrendous. In fact, U.S. intelligence facilitated the Iraqi use of gas against the Iranians. In addition, Washington eased up on its own technology export restrictions to Iraq, which allowed the Iraqis to import supercomputers, machine tools, poisonous chemicals, and even strains of anthrax and bubonic plague. In short, the United States helped arm Iraq with the very weaponry of horror that administration officials are now trumpeting as justification for forcibly removing Saddam from power. [9]
When the Iran/Iraq war ended in 1988, the United States continued its support for Iraq, showering her with military hardware, advanced technology, and agricultural credits. The United States apparently looked to Saddam to maintain stability in the Gulf. But American policy swiftly changed when Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990. Neoconservatives were hawkish in generating support for a U.S. war against Iraq. The Committee for Peace and Security in the Gulf, headed by Richard Perle, was set up to promote the war. [10] And neoconservative war hawks such as Perle, Frank Gaffney, Jr., A.M. Rosenthal, William Safire, and The Wall Street Journal held that America's war objective should be not simply to drive Iraq out of Kuwait but also to destroy Iraq's military potential, especially her capacity to develop nuclear weapons. The first Bush administration embraced that position. [11]
But beyond that, the neocons hoped that the war would lead to the removal of Saddam Hussein and the American occupation of Iraq. However, despite the urgings of then-Defense Secretary Richard Cheney and Undersecretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, the full conquest of Iraq was never accomplished because of the opposition of General Colin Powell, chairman of the Joint Chiefs, and General Norman Schwarzkopf, the field commander. [12] Moreover, the United States had a UN mandate only to liberate Kuwait, not to remove Saddam. To attempt the latter would have caused the U.S.-led coalition to fall apart. America's coalition partners in the region, especially Turkey and Saudi Arabia, feared that the elimination of Saddam's government would cause Iraq to fragment into warring ethnic and religious groups. That could have involved a Kurdish rebellion in Iraq that would have spread to Turkey's own restive Kurdish population. Furthermore, Iraq's Shiites might have fallen under the influence of Iran, increasing the threat of Islamic radicalism in the region.
Not only did the Bush administration dash neoconservative hopes by leaving Saddam in place, but its proposed "New World Order," as implemented by Secretary of State James Baker, conflicted with neoconservative/Israeli goals, being oriented toward placating the Arab coalition that supported the war. That entailed an effort to curb Israeli control of her occupied territories. The Bush administration demanded that Israel halt the construction of new settlements in the occupied territories as a condition for receiving $10 billion in U.S. loan guarantees for Israel's resettlement of hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the former Soviet Union. Although Bush would cave in to American pro-Zionist pressure just prior to the November 1992 election, his resistance disaffected many neocons, causing some, such as Safire, to back Bill Clinton in the 1992 election. [13]
To part two
Imagine a future where big rig trucks slide quietly down the road, powered by electricity. Tesla has been working for years to make this vision happen – but this week, Mercedes-Benz beat them to the punch. The Urban eTruck is the world's first fully electric big rig – and it's quiet, powerful, and has an admissible total weight of around 29 tons.
The Mercedes-Benz Urban eTruck can only travel up to 124 miles, so it wouldn't be ideal for the long treks truckers often make to transport goods. Instead, Daimler designed the eTruck for city transportation. A fleet of emissions-free electric trucks could significantly reduce the air pollution many cities battle.
Related: This tiny shape-shifting sideways-driving car could mark the end of parallel parking
The company hopes to start producing the eTruck around the “beginning of the next decade.” By that time, they hope technology and battery advances will make the eTruck even more efficient and cost-effective. Daimler board member Dr. Wolfgang Bernhard said in a press release, “Electric drive systems previously only saw extremely limited use in trucks. Nowadays costs, performance, and charging times develop further so rapidly that now there is a trend reversal in the distribution sector: the time is ripe for the electric truck.”
Daimler's Fuso Canter E-Cell “light-duty trucks” have undergone tests for a few years now. In Portugal, successful fleet trials saw the light trucks drive just over 31,000 miles in a year. According to the company, the light trucks “reduced CO2 emissions by 37 percent compared to diesel engines.”
Just about a week ago, Elon Musk revealed in a blog post that his company is also working on a Tesla Semi, which they plan to unveil in 2017. Now it's a race to see who will start producing their electric big rig first.
+ Mercedes-Benz
Via Engadget
Images via Daimler
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Professional footballers are often criticised for their supposed pampered lifestyles but Everton's Under-23s squad highlighted the plight of the homeless by staging an overnight sleepout under the stars in sub zero temperatures at Goodison Park.
The talk before Friday night's sleepout was whether this would be made in to an annual event but 12 hours and over £7,000 raised later, you'd find it tough to argue why it shouldn't be.
Everton in the Community have, quite rightly, long been applauded for the work that they put in to help vulnerable people across Merseyside and this event again proves exactly why they should be held up as an example to the rest of the Premier League.
The evening went off without a hitch and provided the exact experience that it needed to - a challenging one.
David Unsworth understood immediately how important a project such as this one is - and that's why he offered to get his Everton U23 squad and staff involved.
He said: "It was about two weeks ago [that I told the players] and I think they thought that I was joking at first! But once I told the why we were doing it and potentially how much money we could raise from it, they all bought in to it.
"It's a great project and something that I strongly believe in. Nobody should be sleeping rough in Liverpool let alone anywhere else.
"To be able to raise awareness and raise loads of money to be able to help projects like this - it just felt like the right thing to do."
Participants - 50 Blues supporters and 35 of the U23 squad and backroom staff - had to endure sub-zero temperatures for as much as seven hours throughout the night, trying to get as much sleep as they could in the Park End stand.
Seeing groups of people dotted about an otherwise deserted Goodison Park stand is a sight you'd never experience in any other circumstance.
Lit only by the temporary fixtures on the pitch itself, participants tried to rest in any way they could - lying either on the plastic Park End seats or on the concrete ground in between them.
Either way, there was no escaping the cold.
The temperature quickly dropped below zero - and became even worse at around 3am when a freezing fog started to drift over the stadium.
It's easy to lose the novelty of sleeping at Goodison Park when you've got your head buried in a sleeping bag, trying to conserve as much heat as possible.
Whilst it was a quiet night - it was clear that a good few people were getting no sleep at all thanks to that cold.
However, this is just a taster of what some experience every night in Liverpool.
And, at the end of it all - the bacon sandwiches were accompanied by the news that the project had already raised £7,000 with online donations - not yet counting offline donations and sponsorship forms.
That's an incredible achievement - and it's no surprise that Fundraising Manager Carena Duffy wants to turn this in to an annual event off the back of this success.
"This is something different, something unique," she said.
"With the need to support homeless projects, what better way to use this venue and this opportunity?
"We've got around 60 active projects and a lot of them are targeted at people who are under-privileged and in need of help.
"Fingers crossed this is going to be an annual event. Hopefully with word of mouth and with further promotion next year it's going to be even bigger and better.
Afterwards, you do find yourself leaving with mixed feelings.
The event in itself was a triumph - organised and executed to perfection.
All credit needs to go to those involved with the club and with Everton in the Community for making the event run so smoothly and to create a truly engaging experience between fans and Blues staff.
But, you also leave drained. The sleepout itself is a tough task, and probably makes for one of the most uncomfortable nights you'll have in your life.
But, that's exactly the point.
We had the advantage of multiple layers, hot tea and coffee when required, a roof somewhat over our heads and we were safe in the knowledge that we'd only have to experience one night.
The most important people, the people who this event was set up to help, don't get those luxuries.
You leave with a new perspective on what vulnerable individuals have to endure every day - albeit having experienced a vastly watered-down version of their day-to-day lives.
If this is to turn in to an annual event, then you can bet the turnout will be even greater next year after such a successful sleepout this time around.
And, you can sign me up again next year, too.
Friday night was a memorable, humbling experience that I would love to do again.
A database posted online allegedly contains the personal information of 49 million people on the Turkish citizenship database, potentially making more than half of the population of the country vulnerable to identity theft and massive privacy violations.
The database, which has not been verified as authentic, was posted to a server apparently hosted in Romania on Monday with an introduction reading “Who would have imagined that backwards ideologies, cronyism and rising religious extremism in Turkey would lead to a crumbling and vulnerable technical infrastructure?”
As well as the national ID numbers for all of the entrants in the system, it also contains a large amount of other personal information, including full name and parents' names, full address, and date of birth. Specifically excerpted from the full dump are what appear to be the specific information of the current president of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, his predecessor, Abdullah Gül, and the current prime minister, Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Alongside the full database, the site hosting the dump also contains some “lessons to learn” for Turkey, hinting at how the data was stolen. The lessons include: “Bit shifting isn't encryption”, “Index your database. We had to fix your sloppy DB work”, and “Putting a hardcoded password on the UI hardly does anything for security”. The advice suggests that the database itself was shoddily secured, with little effective security to keep whoever accessed it from exfiltrating the entire dump.
The final lesson comes from a different angle, warning Turks: “Do something about Erdoğan! He is destroying your country beyond recognition.” The suggestion that the hacker isn't themselves Turkish is backed up in another statement, which gives “lessons” to Americans: “We really shouldn't elect Trump, that guy sounds like he knows even less about running a country than Erdoğan does.”
But those word choices could be misdirection. Some typing errors in the posting suggest a writer whose native language is not English, and Turkish media reports in 2013 suggested that the national database was stolen, but by Russians, not Americans. The manager of Konda, a Turkish opinion pollster, told reporters that “Hackers in Russia hold 54 million Turkish citizens' ID numbers, addresses, father names” and “in two hours hackers downloaded all the information.”
Turkey's national ID number system is used to enable access to a number of government services, like taxation, voting, education, social security, health care, and military recruitment. It is also used to verify identity in other cases where security is necessary, such as banking.
On top of the risks of having ID numbers made public, Turks on the database also face the prospect of identity theft purely using the personal information contained within the database. Full names, addresses and birthdays are often enough information to begin the process of “social engineering”, where a small amount of personal data is used to gain access to more, which is then traded off for ever-greater access to the target's personal accounts.
22 September 2014 | FilmMuscle
8 | Liam Neeson Is An Actor First and An Action Star Second
Credits roll, and a haunting cover of "Black Hole Sun" by Nouela plays (the same song from the trailer). Its mellow and dilatory tune perfectly encapsulates the bleak, somber tone of this chilling thriller where Liam Neeson isn't the invincible badass his reputation usually proclaims. We first meet Matt Scudder (Neeson) in a flashback in the early 1990's where he clumsily takes down three crooks in a murky New York City. Fast forward to 1999, and he's retired—apparently scarred by his own incompetence on that wretched day—laying back at his favorite restaurant when an acquaintance (Eric Nelsen) informs him of a significant (unofficial) assignment. Oh no, a retired, gloomy detective returns for one last job? And yet, the film astonishingly manages to feature these kinds of irksome clichés but executes them in such an exceptional way as to overshadow their familiarity with the underlying compelling storyline and arresting cinematography.
Long story short: a drug dealer's (Dan Stevens) wife has been kidnapped and chopped into bits and pieces only to be nauseatingly dispersed in a park's pond. The remainder of the narrative—about 25 minutes in—sees Scudder investigating and following the cunning tracks of two alarming killers. In that regard, the killers (David Harbour and Adam David Thompson) make for incredibly creepy villains, mirthfully indulging in the rape of young girls and innocent wives while videotaping the horror and asking for a substantial ransom from their respective families. Alas, the audience will be forced through disturbingly shot and edited sequences of helpless women exerting to lie still as execrable hands scale their flesh—close-ups of wide eyes and deathly pale skin.
On another note, many have been complaining that A Walk among the Tombstones isn't exactly the unpredictable and fast-paced mystery thriller they were expecting. However, that doesn't deem it a bad film, does it? Because it's clearly not attempting to (generically) fall into that category. Initially, I was also flabbergasted and immensely underwhelmed by David Fincher's Zodiac, presuming it to be a tense, brisk thriller; nevertheless, after a repeat viewing, I quickly realized that marketing—while, yes, manipulating audience expectations— shouldn't be an indicator of actual quality. If this particular movie was striving to be unpredictable yet you correctly predicted every single twist long before it came, then yes, it would've been a disastrous failure. Like Zodiac though, the movie is more about the grim and eerie atmosphere and, of course, the psychopathic killers themselves.
Aside from a few effectively humorous lines, this film is not the typical "crowd-pleaser expected from a post-Taken Liam Neeson picture, and the trailers clearly established that too. With that being said, it's still more exciting than a slow burn. As long as moviegoers accept its (effectual) dark aura and are successfully frightened by its imagery and subject matter, A Walk among the Tombstones will be a highly satisfying experience at the cinema. In fact, judging by its underwhelming box office results, I will even go so far as to say it might be the sleeper hit of this fall like Rush and Don Jon were last September.
NBA Finals Delivers The Largest Game 2 Audience in ABC History
Through two games, the 2012 NBA Finals – Miami Heat vs. Oklahoma City Thunder – is the most-viewed Finals ever on ABC, averaging 16,439,000 viewers (P2+), according to Nielsen. Thursday night's broadcast delivered the largest audience for an NBA Finals Game 2 in ABC history, averaging 16,670,000 viewers.
Overall, The Finals is averaging a 10.1 rating, the highest since 2004 and the second highest-rated ever on ABC, through two games. The series is up 10 percent in household rating (10.1 vs. 9.2) and seven percent in viewership (16,439,000 vs. 15,349,000) compared to last year.
Game 2 recorded a 10.4 household rating, making it the highest-rated since 2004 and the second-highest rated ever on ABC. The game was up 12 percent in household rating (10.4 vs. 9.3), seven percent in viewership (16,670,000 vs. 15,525,000) and 11 percent in household impressions (11,920,000 vs. 10,735,000) compared to last year.
The only other NBA Finals Game 2 on ABC with a higher rating was the 2004 NBA Finals – Detroit Pistons vs. L.A. Lakers – which generated a 10.7.
Last night's Game 2 was the highest-rated and most-viewed program of the night, propelling ABC to win the night across all networks (broadcast and cable) in rating, viewership, household impressions and all key demos. It marks the 27th consecutive time that The Finals on ABC has won the night.
Kia NBA Countdown on ABC delivered a 3.6 rating, up 24 percent compared to a 2.9 last year. The two game Countdown average rating during The Finals (3.7) is up 28 percent compared to 2011 (2.9).
ESPN3 & WatchESPN
Game 2 of The Finals on ABC, live through special simulcasts on ESPN3, logged an average minute audience of 97,629 across computers, smartphones and tablets via WatchESPN and through ESPN on Xbox LIVE. Additionally, it generated 319,316 unique viewers and 16.7 million minutes across platforms, up 41 percent and 49 percent, respectively, compared to the average NBA Playoff game this season.
The 2012 NBA Finals continue with Game 3 on Sunday, June 17, at 8 p.m. ET on ABC, ESPN Radio and ESPN3. The Kia NBA Countdown pregame show will precede the game at 7:30 p.m.
-30-
Media contact: Ben Cafardo at 860-766-3496 or [email protected]
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
Many hands make light-speed network.
A group of techies aiming to build a citywide, community-owned wifi network is making inroads into Bay Ridge. Called NYC Mesh, the network links computers together using standard wifi routers — allowing users to share internet connections, set up openly accessible community message boards, and even communicate with one another when internet service is not available.
NYC Mesh installed a router — also called a “node” — in a Bay Ridge apartment last month. The main motivation for joining is cutting the cable from major Internet providers, one designer said.
“It's not Time Warner, it's not Comcast — it's getting away from the telecom oligopolies,” said Brian Hall.
The basic equipment costs $22, there are no monthly service fees, NYC Mesh volunteers will help install the equipment, and there's basically no upkeep, another designer said.
“Once it's set up, it really should just run,” said Ridgite Daniel Grinkevich, a cybersecurity engineer who installed the system in his 71st Street home in April. “You might need a reboot every once in a while, but that's it.”
Mesh differs radically from traditional Internet.
Traditional Internet works like a post office, according to Elisa Duggen, a San Francisco tech engineer. First, someone drops a message in the mailbox. Then the post office (akin to an Internet service provider) takes the message to a central location, processes it, and delivers it to its destination.
But mesh networks are more like students passing notes across a classroom, according to Duggen. A kid writes a note and passes it to the person next to him, who passes it to the person next to him, and so on. The note reaches its destination after a series of hand-offs, and each student has some role in both routing and transmitting the message, she said. And if one student is too busy studying or snoozing to pass the note, it can be routed around him.
Since mesh doesn't rely on a central distributor, it is ideal for keeping people connected in emergency situations where parts of the city lose power or Internet, designers said.
The Red Hook Initiative, a community group, created a mesh network that maintained local Internet access during Hurricane Sandy — even though most of the neighborhood went dark.
“Everything else was down — Time Warner, Cabelvision,” said Tony Schloss, a director with the initiative. “Tons of people from NYCHA came to [the Red Hook Initative] to get services and support — and one was a wifi network they could use to let family members know they were okay and apply for disaster relief benefits.”
Aside from emergency preparedness, mesh networks can provide low-cost access to low-income communities that are typically less Internet-connected, he said.
In the future, mesh networks in Red Hook, Carroll Gardens, and even Bay Ridge could link up, said Schloss.
“A robust network of networks is a really good goal for us to have as a city,” he said.
NYC Mesh's introduction to Bay Ridge comes as the city and private partner CityBridge roll out a scheme called LinkNYC that will replace pay phones with kiosks offering free, ad-funded wifi.
The two systems could work in tandem, with LinkNYC kiosks providing Internet access and mesh networks delivering that signal to all corners of the city, according to a spokesman for the tech consortium implementing the plan.
“In terms of meshing the two, I think it's certainly possible, and I think it's a conversation we'd love to have,” said Jeff Maki, a director at one of consortium CityBridge's member organizations. “That would be a great user experience.”
CityBridge has already met with some mesh operators, including the Red Hook Initiative, to discuss the plan, Maki said.
The city is expecting the first LinkNYC kiosks to come online by the end of the year. In the meantime, mesh programs are expanding. Over the last year, NYC Mesh has installed four nodes in Brooklyn and 21 in Manhattan.
For mesh networks, the more nodes, the higher the network bandwidth. After a year of operation, NYC Mesh is hitting a tipping point, Hall said.
“We're reaching that stage where its just getting useful in Manhattan and in Brooklyn,” he said.
At the moment, Grinkevich is the only node in Bay Ridge, meaning he can't make much use of the system until more locals set up routers.
“It's pretty lonely,” he said. “I really wish more people would join.”
You can request an NYC Mesh node at nycmesh.net.
Reach reporter Max Jaeger at mjaeg er@cn gloca l.com or by calling (718) 260–8303. Follow him on Twitter @JustTheMax.
Updated 10:17 pm, July 9, 2018
©2015
Pork, Helium, Maple Syrup: Our Favorite Strategic Reserves
toggle caption Robert Smith/NPR
There are some things you just can't live without. Gas. Electricity. Bacon. No matter the price, you're gonna buy it. That's why many countries have strategic reserves of basic necessities. The reserves guarantee a temporary supply of the things people can't live without, and can serve as a short-term buffer against price spikes.
Different countries have different things they can't live with out. Here are a few of our favorite strategic reserves:
Pork
China is the only country, as far as we know, to stockpile frozen pork (441 million pounds, according to the New York Times). Pork is a staple of the Chinese diet and as living standards in China rise, so does the demand for pork. Inflation is a persistent worry in the country, and rising pork prices are a particularly big deal. While a strategic reserve doesn't keep prices from rising in the long term, it can prevent temporary price spikes.
Helium
The U.S. government stores vasts amounts of helium deep underground in the Texas panhandle. It goes back to the 1920s, when the government thought a stockpile might be needed for blimps. (War blimps!) Now the government is selling off the helium in reserve, and the helium market is sort of a mess. Jess Jiang has more in a story today.
Maple Syrup
This one's a little different; it's more about business than basic economic necessity. But it's too good to skip. The Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers has a strategic maple syrup reserve. The Atlantic explains:
...harvesting maple is a fickle business, and that makes expanding the industry tricky. The trees need cold nights and mildly warm days to yield sap, meaning production can vary greatly year to year based on the weather. That's a potential problem for the big syrup buyers, whether they're bottlers or large food companies that make cookies or cereal. Quaker can't pour a bunch of time and money into developing a maple-and-brown-sugar-flavored version of Life, only to find out it won't be able to get enough of its ingredients, or that they'll have to pay through the nose for each liter of syrup. ... The reserve makes sure there's always enough syrup for the market. As Farrell explained, each producer sells its harvest in bulk to the federation — a government-sanctioned cooperative — which turns around and deals it to bulk buyers. When production is high, the federation siphons a portion off to store in steel drums for future use.
Oil
The U.S. has petroleum stockpiled in a bunch of giant salt caves near the Gulf of Mexico. The U.S. (and several other countries) created reserves after the oil shock in the '70s, when foreign oil producers abruptly cut supplies, driving prices up. The last time the U.S. tapped into the reserve was in June of last year, during the Arab uprisings.
Columbus officer reunites with man he saved from drowning 19 years ago Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Video
COLUMBUS (WCMH) -- A Columbus Police officer was reunited Friday with a man he saved nearly 20 years ago.
A picture was posted on Facebook of Officer James Poole with someone at a community event. A man commented on that post and said that an Officer Poole had saved him from drowning when he was 5 years old.
On Friday, Officer Poole was surprised as Chris Jones, now 24 years old, walked up to him during an interview.
"Do you remember me?" Jones asked.
"No I don't sir," Officer Pool responded.
"From 1997? I'm the boy you pulled out of a swimming pool," Jones explained.
Officer Poole immediately got up and gave Jones a hug, saying "wow" and "that's awesome."
Jones then held back tears as he thanked the officer, and told him he now has a 5-year-old himself.
"Because of you, I'm still here. Because of you, this five year old little girl is here," Jones said.
Jones also says he's interested in becoming a police officer himself.
Quick Vote Are you cutting back on spending due to rising energy prices? Yes
No or View results
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Yahoo on Thursday announced it has appointed longtime General Electric veteran Tim Morse as its new chief financial officer.
Morse currently serves as the CFO of semiconductor company Altera Corp. (ALTR), a position he's held since January 2007. Prior to Altera, Morse was at GE (GE, Fortune 500) for 15 years, including a stint as the CFO for the conglomerate's plastics division.
"Yahoo is an amazing brand with a unique combination of assets, and I am extremely excited to be joining a finance team with a deep commitment to financial excellence and fiscal discipline," Morse said in a statement.
Morse's appointment is one of Carol Bartz's first major executive hires after taking over as Yahoo's chief executive in January. Bartz has said that she aims to make the company's management structure more efficient as she tries to move the once-dominant tech company back to the industry's vanguard. Yahoo has lost significant online search market share to Google (GOOG, Fortune 500) and Microsoft (MSFT, Fortune 500) over the decade, though its share has stabilized recently.
Bartz said the beginning of her tenure that she would be bringing in her own CFO.
"Tim has a proven ability to translate strategy into structure, process, and execution, and I am delighted that he will be joining my leadership team to help drive Yahoo's growth," Bartz said in a statement. "With his passion for operational finance, global experience, and expertise simplifying complex organizations and managing growth, Tim is a natural fit for Yahoo."
Morse will start at Yahoo (YHOO, Fortune 500) on June 17 will become the company's CFO on July 1. He replaces Blake Jorgensen, who has been at Yahoo since June 2007, when founder Jerry Yang took over again as CEO.
I don't need to tell you this is a good deal – we've seen it pop up before and it sold out pretty fast. Today you can get the Nexus 7 in either 16GB or 32GB sizes for $170 and $130 respectively, but it's US-only.
This is a refurbished unit, so there is only a limited factory warranty. Otherwise it's the same device you'd buy for about $100 more from Google Play. Standard shipping is free too.
Is now the time to snap up a Nexus 7? Google I/O is coming up, but we're not hearing any rumors about a new Nexus tablet. Volantis is probably coming late this year. If you want in, you should get on this quickly before it's gone.
[Nexus 7 32GB, Nexus 7 16GB]
You saw it on stream. Or maybe you peeped it on the Japanese vine. You know what I'm talking about. The sickness, the hawtness, someone just styled so so Hard and WITH YOUR CHARACTER. Drop everything, turn off the stream, quit out of Pokémon Go. We need to grind this shit out! You need to learn that combo/setup/tech right now.
So then you proceed to learn how to do it. Woah, now you can get these inputs anytime you want, you are styling on this dummy CPU bowser right now!
Ah. What a satisfied feeling, You are at the forefront of your characters meta. You are feeling yo self. You are officially now the best *insert character here* in the world, keep your phone close the sponsors are gonna be calling soon.
You've probably been in this situation before, feeling like the above. Many people have pride in themselves when they learn new tech, it can be a legitimately exciting experience in super smash brothers.
But learning tech is just step one of a two-step process. This article will provide zero information on how to learn new tech. This article is called
Step 2: Tech Implementation.
… so yeah that's what I'm here to talk about.
Consider these two deep AF questions
Does it matter if you learn 3 words of French if you can't speak the language?
What do you do when you get a cool new weapon in an RPG but you aren't at a high enough level to equip it?
These are the questions we need to grapple with when it comes to tech implementation. And it's kind of a serious topic.
Many many Matches are lost due to missed inputs, people failing to perform tech. Even more matches are lost due to players fixating on their new tech and becoming predictable as a sunrise.
BUT the most losses of them all come from people who simply cannot hang because they don't have good enough tech.
So there's a conundrum here. You don't want your unpolished tech losing you matches with flubs on flubs. But you also need tech to win.
Once the tech is practiced that's just the beginning. But how do you go about implementing tech? Well conveniently (I mean otherwise the article would just end right here) I developed a two-step process for implementing tech that I'm going to share with you!
Remember that these steps begin once you've really truly honestly definitely learned how to input the tech and you have practiced it a ton.
Step 1. Honestly evaluate the usefulness of the tech.
Why should I use this tech? Tech that is cool is not necessarily useful. Tech that is complicated or particularly interesting is not necessarily useful tech either.
Think about the advantages this tech provides. Think about the vulnerabilities of using the technique. Think about the timing of the tech. Think about the spacing of it, if it has movement how much distance is traveled? How quickly?
Question your tech or you will use it badly. It's that simple, just because it's new and it looks cool doesn't mean you should use it at all.
Some players will approach tech as something to be conquered, being able to do cool things feels like a badge of honor. But you can't expect to win when you're working hard in match to do tech skill. The tech has no control over you don't let it make you work harder. The tech is yours and it works for you.
You've done your theory crafting time to try it in Match. The next and final step is easy.
Step 2. Don't worry about it
Don't worry about it. Don't. Actually don't. Ideally you would forget that you were even practicing new stuff come match time.
The short explanation is that it will serve only to distract you.
The long explanation is the (very made up by me) concept of organic vs inorganic implementation.
“Dude you always down smash as a panic option when they are close by.”
“Bro you're just bouncing fish hella randomly when you don't know what to do”
When you hear things like the two quotes above, that's when you are dealing with inorganic implementation. Someone started using a piece of tech for no reason at all, except that they wanted to use it.
Tech that wasn't implemented organically is the easiest thing to spot. Ever play someone and they frequently (but inexplicably) choose an unsafe option over and over again? Or they whip out a trump card maneuver but they do it when you have like 10% on you and it doesn't really make much of a difference?
A player can form habits around their tech that is inexplicable and loses them match after match. Sometimes you even recognize your poor usage of the tech and find yourself unable to fix it. “Man I suck I rolled from the ledge… Again”
These are the results of inorganically integrating tech into your game. You can map out good uses for a technique for hours and hours but if you're ACTIVELY TRYING to perform tech while you play then you are ruining an otherwise organic process.
Well now its time for some real talk *click link for musical accompaniment here*
You cannot do anything but get better the way that you were meant to get better. One cannot describe how an acorn grows into an oak tree just by looking at it. You just grow and because you have an entirely unique brain you learn in a different way and you learn at a different pace than anyone else ever has or ever will.
Saying “I need to do tech.exe in order to win” is being ignorant of this fact. You're ignoring the reality that you are always growing in a natural way. Trying to meddle with this process and trying to force certain plays is a huge detriment to you.
You are essentially saying that tech.zip is better than yourself by actively trying to perform it in a match. You relinquish control mid game, all of a sudden you can't flow. You can't play like your natural self, react as quickly as you need to react and convert the situations you need to convert. You notice when you mess the tech up and it stings deep in your heart, taking you out of the game completely.
Guess what though. If you had blissfully ignored that new tech and played match after match just doing what you do at some point a perfect opportunity would arise. You'd input the tech effortlessly (thanks to all that practice). It f****** bodies your opponent and they're like “oh no my mans (or my girl) hit me with some hot new shit.” You yourself don't even recognize that you did it in the moment but a second later a million little things became clear to you about the tech.
It's never just one thing. It's always a million little things that you learn about the tech when you perform it in this way. Even with infinite studying and theorizing you'd never fully understand the tech the way you do in that moment, the moment it was implemented into your play organically.
It's not a brief feeling of yay I did the thing.
It's a moment of Wow… I can use this to win.
It is a long journey Yung Lab Rat.
Seeing -> Learning -> implementing
What's truly crazy about all this is that it's happening around you all the time. Competitive gaming can be boiled down to a “tech arms race”. And as you see the people around you improve and grow as players this organic process is a big reason why. It's something to be celebrated. Tell your bro that the way he uses fair has gotten a whole lot better. Celebrate when that new recovery trick you learned saves your ass in tournament.
Go out there! Be the first to do it on stream. Perform the most stylish combo of all time. Make people tremble with fear when you move around during button check.
But remember this:
Never do the tech. Just do you.
Its always the right choice.
~Khakis
Give me a follow-on Twitter @Nd_KakaKhakis if you like what you read or want to provide any feedback. This is my second article and I'm enjoying myself a ton writing these. :)
Stevie May (right) joined Preston from Sheffield Wednesday in 2015
Manager Derek McInnes says Aberdeen will have to go at Preston North End's "pace" over striker Stevie May.
The Dons have made an offer for the former St Johnstone forward, 24, who has been at Deepdale since 2015.
But Preston is looking to replace manager Simon Grayson, who has joined Sunderland.
"It's no secret we'd liked to bring a different type of striker in," said McInnes, who stayed at Aberdeen after Sunderland spoke to the 45-year-old.
"We've got a few options and a few enquiries in for some players. That interest has been taken a bit further for Stevie, but, again, he's Preston's player.
"There's a lot of change at their club at the minute over the manager, so we need to go, really, at their pace.
"But, again, happy to talk more if we can get a deal done.
"He's not the only one we're looking at for that position. We've got a few enquiries in for a few players and not everything's going to fall for you, but hopefully we can get the players that we want and certainly the positions filled that we want before the European game."
Aberdeen will play either Kazakhstan's Ordabasy or Siroki Brijeg of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Europa League second qualifying round. Siroki Brijeg lead their first qualifying round tie with Ordabasy 2-0 after the first leg.
Shaun Maloney has shown "a real willingness" to join Aberdeen, says Dons boss McInnes
McInnes also told BBC Radio Scotland's Sportsound that the Dons were nearer an announcement over the prospective signing of former Aston Villa, Celtic and Wigan midfielder Shaun Maloney.
The 34-year-old Scotland cap is a free agent after leaving Hull City.
"I think there's been a real willingness from Shaun to be at Aberdeen next season," McInnes explained.
"A few conversations with him and we're very close to hopefully being able to announce something, but until we are in a position to announce something, I would rather not say too much.
"It's getting closer to the fact that we think that we may have some good news on that front."
Midfielder Ryan Christie will return to Aberdeen on loan from Celtic, while Birmingham City forward Greg Stewart is also joining the Dons on loan.
Midfielder Greg Tansey joined as a free agent after leaving Inverness Caledonian Thistle and goalkeeper Joe Lewis has extended his stay.
Wide men Niall McGinn and Jonny Hayes were among those leaving Pittodrie this summer, the latter joining Celtic.
"We need options," added McInnes. "We still need a ball carrier.
"If things do come off for us, we've got some good options in those forward areas, but a team like Aberdeen needs to have that.
"We've lost a couple of really key players in Niall and Jonny, who provided with so much threat and assists and goals.
"Thankfully, we've managed to get the players that we've wanted so far. We've still gone a couple more and I'm also looking to get more out of the players that have been here for a while now.
"My players who've been here a while now, it was important that they saw good players coming through the door this summer and if we can get one or two more added to the boys we've got then I'm hopeful that we can have a good season."
Berkay Dabanli featured as a trialist for Aberdeen on Saturday
Aberdeen also need cover in central defence following the departure of Ash Taylor and 27-year-old Berkay Dabanli was a second-half substitute in Saturday's 3-0 friendly win over St Johnstone.
The German trialist ended last season with Chemnitzer, who finished eighth in his homeland's third tier, having previously been with Eskisehirspor in the Turkish second tier.
"For Berkay and Scott McKenna at the back, there was not a lot for them to do, but I thought what he did do was absolutely fine and he was tidy enough with his work," said McInnes.
"He's done well this week in training and it's no secret we are looking for a centre-back.
"But he is one of a few that we are looking at and we have the luxury of having a look at him by giving him some training facilities this week.
"We'll keep him with us for the next wee while and we'll see where we are."
Former Dons full-back Kevin McNaughton, who has left Inverness, is training with Aberdeen and was also in the squad for the friendly with Saints.
However, McInnes explained: "He's not a player we're looking to sign, but we're just trying to help Kevin along the way."
1. You want a blow job. Message received. No need to push me. Now you get two more minutes of TORTURE via makeout. Okay, jay-kay, I'm going…reluctantly.
2. Ugh.
3. No, it's cool. I didn't really want to have an orgasm tonight anyway.
4. Focus. You're a champion. You can do this. Breathe through your nose.
5. How does one look sexy while putting a weird foreign object into one's mouth?
6. I don't know why I have selective amnesia, but I literally ALWAYS expect penis to taste funny. Just tastes like skin.
7. That makes me sound like a cannibal.
8. I wonder if I'd eat a human to survive though. Maybe just like…a human I wasn't friends with. Or. No. I don't know. That's weird. This is why I don't hike.
9. Okay, so that's not really why I don't hike. I just don't prefer fresh air to air that's been conditioned, surrounded by four walls, and filled with merchandise.
10. Seriously FOCUS. There is a task at hand, here…at mouth. I'm too funny for blow jobs. Got better things to be doing with my mouth.
11. Who invented the blow job anyway? What a weird thing to do. Here's this external organ that releases urine and potential future children. Put it in your mouth.
12. He's got really nice “V” muscles though. I wonder what those are called. It's actually amazing that the literal most enticing muscle on a man's body points directly to his penis as if to say “Like what you see? Prove it, here.” I mean, if that's not evidence for intelligent design, I don't know what is.
13. How long have I been doing this? It's like time moves more slowly down here.
14. HAND OFF MY HEAD! You really don't want to piss off the person whose teeth are in a close proximity to your penis, asshole.
15. My jaw hurts.
16. This is the only time I've ever wished his penis was smaller.
17. *Fifteen-second hand job interlude.*
18. Tying my hair back. We're about to get serious.
19. I never noticed how huge his balls were. Should I tell him that? “You have such massive testes?” Is that like if he told me I had big tits, or is that like if he told me I had a huge ass. World of difference. Guys are so sensitive about their balls.
20. Balls are so gross. I genuinely don't mind how penises look, but balls…ick. They can make the hottest guy look like he's 500 years old. They're just hairy, and wrinkly, and somehow cold. I suppose I should give them a little love.
21. A trim would have been nice. I'm not dealing with a pube stuck in my throat for 36 hours….again. Worse than popcorn kernels.
22. Did I put my laundry in the dryer?
23. If you don't remove your hand from my head, I will bite your dick clean off.
24. Can't. Breathe.
25. Is that an indication that I'm bad at this? Shit. He doesn't like it. I give the worst head in the world. If you don't like it, I PROMISE it would have been fine to just have sex with me.
26. Is he looking at me? Should I wave? No, don't wave. Stop looking at me. I don't work well under pressure.
27. Can I get a sympathy moan?! Why do guys think we don't need moans of encouragement?
28. Woah. Okay, don't moan.
29. You know what's fun, and not at all unnecessary and disgusting? Pre-cum.
30. HOW COME YOU NEVER LAST THIS LONG WHEN WE HAVE SEX?!
31. Is he watching TV?!?!? To be honest, I'd kind of like to be watching TV. I'm so bored. I've been at this for like ten years, and there's not much to look at besides a pelvis being thrusted toward my face. #TheViewFromHere
32. No, I think his eyes are closed. I wonder what he's thinking about.
33. I wonder who he's thinking about.
34. I totally shouldn't have eaten today. Love me.
35. Hahahaha! Look at his toes curl! I am a GODDESS!
36. That's right, buddy. I own you right now.
37. I wonder what this feels like. I just wish I could have a penis for one day, so I could get a blow job. Would that make me a lesbian?
38. If he doesn't kiss me when this is over, I am never doing it again. That's not a threat, I'm just not doing it again. If it's too gross for him, it's too gross for me…and it's definitely too gross for me.
39. No warning?!?!?!?!?! What are you some kind of stone age savage???
40. That was vile.
41. “Good for your teeth.” Bullshit. I'm going to vomit. Deep breaths.
42. Stop making puke face.
43. It kind of sounds like he's laughing when he cums. I wonder what I sound like.
44. What if he's actually laughing?!
45. Hmm. My turn. And suddenly, I don't care any more.
Image via likethedew.com
***
Ruling Says Local Jails May Be Liable for Wrongful Immigration Detentions in Case of U.S. Citizen Held for Three Days
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT:
ACLU National, media@aclu.org
ACLU of Pennsylvania, 215-592-1513
PHILADELPHIA – The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit today ruled that states and localities are not required to imprison people based on "detainer" requests from the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, ICE, recognizing that states and localities may share liability when they participate in wrongful immigration detentions. The ruling in Galarza v. Szalczyk, et al., stems from Lehigh County Prison's wrongful detention of Ernesto Galarza, a U.S. citizen, who despite posting bail and telling his jailers that he was born in New Jersey was held in jail for three days because of an ICE detainer that stated only that ICE was investigating his immigration status.
Mr. Galarza's complaint alleges that the detainer was issued based on his race, without any valid basis to believe that he was a removable non-citizen. The Third Circuit's decision recognized that because ICE detainers are non-binding requests, Lehigh County can be held legally responsible for imprisoning Mr. Galarza for three days on this basis.
Reacting to today's ruling, Mr. Galarza said, "This ruling makes me very glad because the Court recognized that U.S. citizens cannot be put through what they put me and my family through."
A growing number of states and localities, including California, Connecticut, New York City, Newark, Cook County, New Orleans, and Washington, DC, have adopted laws or policies limiting their involvement with ICE detainers, or declining to treat them as a basis for detention at all. Although ICE has long characterized its detainers as “requests,” this is the first time a federal appeals court has addressed this precise issue.
"Today's decision confirms that all the states and localities that have decided to limit their entanglement with ICE detainers are well within their rights to do so," said Kate Desormeau of the ACLU Immigrants' Rights Project, who argued the case. "It's risky for law enforcement agencies to treat ICE detainers as a basis for detention, as Lehigh County did. Detainers aren't warrants, and ICE routinely issues detainers without a constitutionally valid basis, as it did in Mr. Galarza's case."
The Third Circuit's decision will allow Galarza's lawsuit against Lehigh County to proceed in district court. The lawsuit seeks damages for Galarza, who lost a part-time job and wages as a result of his imprisonment.
"Locking up Ernesto Galarza for three days hurt him and his family and did nothing to make Lehigh County safer," said Mary Catherine Roper, senior staff attorney with the ACLU of Pennsylvania. "We hope Lehigh County takes a hard look at doing favors for ICE."
Ernesto Galarza is represented by Roper, Witold Walczak and Molly Tack-Hooper of the ACLU of Pennsylvania; Desormeau, Omar Jadwat, Cecillia Wang, Orion Danjuma and Esha Bhandari of the ACLU Immigrants' Rights Project; Jonathan Feinberg of Kairys, Rudovsky, Messing & Feinberg LLP; and Seth Kreimer of the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Today's order is available at:
http://www2.ca3.uscourts.gov/opinarch/123991p.pdf
More information about Galarza v. Szalczyk is available at:
https://www.aclu.org/immigrants-rights/galarza-v-szalczyk
Miss Colorado Kelley Johnson is congratulated as she moves on as she competes in the 2016 Miss America pageant, Sunday, Sept. 13, 2015, in Atlantic City, N.J. (AP Photo/Mel Evans) (Photo11: Mel Evans, AP)
Corrections and clarifications: An earlier version of this story misstated the day 'The View' addressed the comments.
Two hosts on The View, are receiving backlash after poking fun at Miss Colorado Kelley Johnson and her Miss America monologue about being a nurse.
“...She came in in a nurse's uniform, and basically read her emails out loud,” comedian and co-host Michelle Collins said of Johnson's monologue, which told the story of “Joe,” an Alzheimer's patient who made Johnson realize the importance of her role as his nurse.
“Why does she have a doctor's stethoscope on?” fellow co-host Joy Behar chimed in during the show.
Collins used Wednesday's show to revisit the subject, saying her comments were taken out of context.
"I, for all of us, want to say we love nurses," Collins said. "Nurses, if you're watching, we adore you, we respect you."
"I was not talking about her as a nurse, and we were talking about the talent competition and it got misconstrued," Collins continued.
Regarding Behar's comment, she said Tuesday that she wasn't paying attention during the segment, didn't know Johnson was a nurse and thought her scrubs were a "costume."
"I didn't know what the hell I was talking about," Behar said.
Nurses and other health care professionals sounded off after the show, using the #NursesUnite hashtag on Twitter.
@TheView this is only PART of my team, saving lives, 24/7 and 365. Shame on you all! You don't do crap! #nursesunitepic.twitter.com/DkFJ4jN2sk — Shannan Crowson (@shannan_crowson) September 15, 2015
Johnson, who was born in Fort Collins and grew up in Windsor, graduated as the valedictorian of her nursing school class this spring.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1iOCMe1
Who, What, Why: How does a snake eat a crocodile?
Image copyright AP Image caption Nine years ago in Florida, a python burst trying to swallow an alligator
Onlookers at a lake in Queensland watched an olive python kill and swallow a 1m (3.2ft) crocodile. What happens next, asks Tom Geoghegan.
Pythons in this area usually eat smaller animals - rats are their favourite. Crocodiles represent a more unusual and riskier choice but with greater returns - it will be two months before the snake requires another meal.
"They can swallow a crocodile, no problem, but it can defend itself, so it's a more risky choice than a rat," says snake expert Bryan Fry, a professor at the University of Queensland. There are other risks too, he says. Witnesses said it took this snake about five hours to swallow the crocodile. During that time the snake is vulnerable to attack from a dingo.
As a python wraps itself around its prey, it's not squeezing the air out of it but waiting for it to exhale and then tightening the coil, gradually restricting its breath.
Image copyright TNT Corlis via ABC Northwest Queensland Image caption No such problems in the latest case in Queensland
Pythons can sense the heartbeat so they know when their prey stops breathing and they can conserve their energy for the next stage - the swallow. Swallowing live animals is risky. In 2005, a large Burmese python in Florida tried to swallow an alligator but then exploded spectacularly, perhaps simply because it was too big or it cut an artery.
Once the animal is in a python's stomach, its digestive system - which shuts down in between meals - suddenly kicks into hyperdrive. This involves a sharp increase in their metabolic rate, their organs enlarging by three or four times their normal size and the release of enzymes to break down the food.
The python in Queensland will bloat further over the next few days as it digests, says Fry. In two weeks it will start to slim down and in three weeks it will defecate a calcium ball, having absorbed the fat and protein, but not the excess minerals.
Small ducklings and young wallabies are a more common meal than a crocodile. There are rare pictures of small cows and deer as prey but humans, says the professor, are usually off limits because their shoulders are too wide.
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption An African rock python swallows a young impala
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption In Kenya, this waterbuck was attacked by a python
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
David Murphy has a problem. It's not a big problem, but it's a problem. It's his license plate. A lot of people think that, after looking at it, he's a troll. Wrong! His license plate, which reads "TROLOLO," is actually in reference to Mr. Trololo, the onomatopoeic nickname of Eduard Khil, a Russian crooner turned internet meme. And Murphy, a tech writer in Silicon Valley, has a singing voice that resembles Khil's, which prompted his pals to give him the personalized plate for his birthday. Sweet, right? Well, not to the many rabid Reddit readers who foolishly mistook Murphy's plate as a proud proclamation of trollism.
Murphy writes about his experience in an article for BuzzFeed:
The Reddit post was not a compliment. The title: “This guy cut me off today in Palo Alto. At first, I was mad...then, I was totally okay with it.” It hyperlinked directly to an Imgur-hosted photo of my car, taken during my drive home from work from earlier that evening. The image had more than 160,000 views. The thread, more than 182 comments. (Today it has over 424,000 views and over 200 comments.) I have thick Internet skin. I live a fairly open Web life. I don't lock down my Facebook. I don't care who sees what I post on other social media. So it wasn't the occasional Reddit comments about my driving skills that bothered me — apparently, “Trololo” has been more of a California driver lately than a grandmother. Or comments that I was “ probably a total db” and a “scumbag. Or even the Internet Tough Guy who thought someone should “smash [my] fucking windshield in.” Suck on a downvote.
Egads.
Soon after the post went live, some Reddit readers suggested forming a hit squad "to track [Murphy] down," collecting data on all sightings of the car, keying his vehicle, and (worst of all) figuring out where he lives and works. Close readings have never been this scary. In the end, though, Murphy got rid of the license plate out of understandable fear. "I turned my plates into the DMV two days after the post hit Reddit. Now it's the next Trololo's problem to deal with," he writes.
In an interesting twist, the original Reddit poster was also a tech writer. Read all about it.
[BuzzFeed]
When Microsoft kicked off its E3 event yesterday we were expecting a lot of games and a console with a larger hard drive. What nobody expected was for Microsoft to announce the Xbox One was getting backwards compatibility with Xbox 360 games. Well, it is, and now more details have dropped about how it works.
Larry Hryb, better known as Major Nelson to Xbox owners, did a quick Q&A with Bill Stillwell from the Xbox Platform Team about how exactly backwards compatibility works. Remember, this is a feature Microsoft said it could not deliver, and they openly admit that. But there was a solution it turns out: they just had to build a virtual Xbox 360 in software.
That's a fancy way of saying the Xbox One has been made to run a very capable Xbox 360 emulator, which makes it possible to run most, if not all Xbox 360 titles on the newer platform. There are some caveats, though, but they aren't anything to do with actually making the game software run.
The virtual Xbox 360 will not be capable of running any games that rely on USB peripherals or the original Kinect. However, if you can play a game using a 360 controller, it should run on the Xbox One, you just need to wait for it to be approved and appear for download. And it's that approval that forms the sticking point.
Approving an Xbox 360 game to be playable on Xbox One is a legal and licensing issue. Microsoft needs to ensure the original developers and publishers agree to let it happen on a per title basis. All licenses associated with the original game also need to be checked to see if they are still valid. If they aren't, renewing those licenses will determine whether a game appears on the backwards compatible list or not. Basically, if it's difficult, especially for a not very popular game, it won't happen.
For Xbox One owners, it's a simple case of “wait and see.” When a game appears on the list, if you own a digital copy on Xbox 360 Microsoft already knows about it by looking at your account and will automatically make it available to you on Xbox One for free. Alternatively, if you own a disc copy then simply place the disc in your Xbox One, the game will be detected, and a digital version will be downloaded to your hard drive ready to play (whenever you have the disc inserted). If you don't own a game, expect it to become available to purchase on Xbox Live.
The ability to play Xbox 360 games will appear for everyone in the Fall, with over 100 titles expected at launch and the majority of first-party titles being available. Every game will retain its original set of achievements (and remember which ones you already achieved) and multiplayer will be enabled if present (you can even play against people using a real Xbox 360). On top of that you'll retain access to Xbox One specific features e.g. having the ability to capture screenshots.
This is a great move by Microsoft. Existing Xbox One owners who didn't sell their 360 games are getting a free bonus. Alternatively, anyone thinking about upgrading from the Xbox 360 will also soon be able to look at a list and see if their favorite last gen games will remain playable, and that alone could entice an Xbox One purchase.
New images of America's historic top-secret military aerospace testing facility have been posted at Terraserver. The base looks busier than ever, with no less than four “Janet” 737s and a turboprop on the terminal ramp. But the biggest change on base has to do with the new huge south-base hangar, which now appears nearly complete.
We've done two in-depth pieces discussing exactly what this new remote facility could be used for, or more importantly, what could it house.
Advertisement
Recently, Terraserver's satellites picked up the RQ-170 Sentinel for the very first time, and there has also been some interesting action up at Tonopah Test Range Airport, showing a large gathering of people presumably inside one of the hangars, with a Black Hawk and C235 nearby. Could this have something to do with the stealth Black Hawks that have remained elusive since the famed Bin Laden raid four years ago?
See anything else interesting in the latest image, dated June 1st, 2015? Let us know below.
Advertisement
An odds-on favorite getting utterly, surprising blown out on the world's greatest stage?
A fanbase that was... hungry... for a championship?
History has a way of repeating itself.
Too subtle? Let me spell it out for you.
The Germany Brazil game was like this years supper bowl with Germany being the Seahawks and Brazil being the broncos — Alex Barz (@badnewsbarz28) July 9, 2014
Thank you Alex.
Yes, the word "Broncos" was trending on Twitter Tuesday night because one football team beat up on another, and everyone on Twitter is hilarious.
Brazil went full broncos. You never go full broncos — Nate Tennyson (@TeamNateDomnate) July 9, 2014
I think Brazil now understands how the Broncos feel. — Keith (@SiriusKeith) July 9, 2014
Even the Denver @Broncos are turning to one another in shock how bad Brazil got beat #andGermanyjustscoredagain #WorldCup2014 #WorldCup — Playing Through Golf (@playingthrugolf) July 9, 2014
she said "brazil became the denver broncos today" damn lmaoo that's cold — Reggie Fowlkes (@BrothaRegg) July 9, 2014
Well, that was close. Germany almost scored as many goals as the Broncos scored points in the Super Bowl. — FOX Sports NFL (@NFLonFOX) July 8, 2014
If the #Broncos and #Brazil played a game who would win? — Guy Ryan Jr. (@Guyito_) July 9, 2014
Okay, I laughed at that last one.
All this being said, "Broncos" may have had some Twitter help thanks to Barack Obama's visit to Denver Tuesday.
Obama reacts as he is greeted by a man wearing a horse-head as he walked the streets of downtown Denver. pic.twitter.com/QNqnXKzwzm — Doug Mills (@dougmillsnyt) July 9, 2014
This is our medicine, Broncos fans. We've been taking it, and taking it, and taking it. Most of us over the age of 25 have taken it before.
Self-deprecating humor can be cathartic, Broncos fans. Your best Broncos joke in the comments.
A four-year-old girl in Indiana shot herself in the face and her mother in the head when she accidentally fired the gun on her parents' bedside table, police said.
Officers from the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department responded to the shooting Sunday morning, and said that the daughter is in stable condition and the mother is undergoing surgery, police said in a statement. The father told officers the gun had been on the nightstand next to his bed and that his son was also in the room at the time, a police spokesperson told IndyStar.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“When officers arrived, they came into contact with the father of the 4-year-old who stated that he and his fiancé were asleep when he was awakened by the sound of the gunshot,” police said. “He stated that his daughter shot herself in the face, and it is believed that same bullet struck his fiancé in the back of the head.”
Last year, at least 265 children shot themselves or others unintentionally.
Write to Julia Zorthian at julia.zorthian@time.com.
I'd be willing to bet that most people believe Google's Nexus 7 tablet is a wholly new design: that Google contracted Asus to produce a $199 Kindle Fire killer in just four months, like Andy Rubin and Asus chairman Jonney Shih told AllThingsD last night.
The truth is far more complex. The truth is that the Nexus 7 is the Asus ME370T, an Android tablet whose destiny has repeatedly changed.
At CES 2011, a year and a half ago, Asus announced the Eee Pad MeMO, a 7-inch tablet with Android 3.0, a dual-core Qualcomm processor and one feature ahead of its time: a capacitive stylus for drawing and painting, with a dedicated stylus slot where it could hide. One year later, Samsung's Galaxy Note took the Android-tablet-with-a-stylus formula to the bank, but the Eee Pad MeMO languished in ignominy before its eventual Taiwan-only release.
Why do I bring up the $499 MeMO? Because one year later, at CES 2012, we found it alongside a second slate: the Eee Pad MeMO ME370T. The ME370T had pretty much the same specs, including the Qualcomm chip, and we'd heard it would have a stylus as well. Originally, it seemed to be intended as the cheaper cousin to the original MeMO, now known as the Eee Pad MeMO 171. More importantly, it also just so happened to look a whole heck of a lot like the Nexus 7 that Google just unveiled... only with a thicker rim, a rear-facing 5 megapixel camera, a microSD slot, and a Micro HDMI port.
These are some pictures of that device:
As we were leaving our CES appointment, though, an Asus representative stopped us in our tracks. There had been a few last-minute changes to the ME370T, they said: It just might wind up with a Tegra 3 processor, and the stylus just might vanish along with the Qualcomm chip.
The very next morning, at Nvidia's press conference, Asus CEO Jerry Shen made a surprise appearance to reveal the coup: not only would the ME370T have a Tegra 3 processor, but it would cost just $250. As you'd expect, the excitement was palpable, and we asked Asus about the device repeatedly in the months between, but mysteriously, that was the last time the company would speak to us on or off the record about the ME370T.
Rumors started to swirl that Google was building a $199 Nexus tablet with Asus as manufacturer. Our sources confirmed the story.
Then, one month ago, we stumbled across a picture of the ME370T: At the company's annual meeting of shareholders, Nvidia VP Rob Csonger presented "Kai," a plan for the GPU manufacturer to democratize the tablet experience. The tablet picture was supposed to be representative of a whole family of low-cost Tegra 3 tablets targeted at $199.
One day later, I got the chance to ask Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang if he thought Nvidia's $199 tablet program and Google's $199 tablet program might compete. He saw through my bluff: He started saying something about not wanting to speak for Google... but then he paused, smiled, looked me right in the eye, and said: "I do hope their tablet is monumentally successful... because it will be great for Android."
Sure enough, the Nexus 7 is a recipient of Nvidia's Kai program, and it's not the only one. The Acer Iconia Tab A110, for example, is also a Kai tablet. Nvidia told us it's "running hard" to push a number of inexpensive new Android tablets, and that shrewd negotiation and economies of scale are bringing down the cost. Apparently, the devices are still pricey enough that Google is only breaking even with the Nexus 7, and even then, a number of features didn't make the cut. This ME370T won't come with a stylus, an HDMI port, or a rear-facing camera, and comes with 8GB or 16GB storage compared to the 16GB and 32GB configurations originally planned, and the microSD slot to expand that capacity at will is also not included here.
So if the Nexus 7 has been coming for far longer than four months, what did Jonney Shih mean? Asus tells us that's how long it took to re-engineer, design, tool, and manufacture the ME370T into the immediately impressive Nexus 7 we see today. Among other things, it has a brand-new motherboard, a revised Tegra 3 T30L chip, a laminated IPS display, and a revised, grippier textured rear casing. "While the base design and setup was completed in the 370T to meet a certain price point and option list, the efforts required to get that design to $199 meant going back to the drawing board and starting over on just about every aspect of the unit," an Asus rep told us.
But if Asus, Nvidia, and Google hadn't made it a priority to challenge Amazon's Kindle Fire, the ME370T could have been just another outdated Android tablet on the pile.
This is a reminder post for all the Windows 7 users still on the beta (build 7000) that was leaked in December 2008 and officially given out to the public in January 2009. Bi-hourly shutdowns of this build will begin on July 1, 2009. This means that the user will be told to install a released version of Windows and their PC will shut down automatically every two hours. On August 1, 2009 if you are still on the Windows 7 beta, your license will expire and the non-genuine experience will be triggered. Your wallpaper will be removed and "This copy of Windows is not genuine" will be displayed in the lower right corner above the taskbar.
If you want to continue testing Vista's successor, we recommend moving over to the Windows 7 Release Candidate (build 7100) that was released to the public in May 2009. The RC will only be available to download until August 15, 2009. Those using the Windows 7 RC do not have to worry until March 1, 2010 and June 1, 2010, the dates for bi-hourly shutdowns and expiration, respectively. Considering Windows 7 will be generally available in October 2009, this will give users a lot of time to move over to the RTM code.
A top U.S. general is concerned that a small number of motivated Islamic State fighters could commit acts of terror in Caribbean nations.
General John Kelly, commander of the U.S. Southern Command, told reporters Friday at the Pentagon that about 150 Islamic extremists left the Caribbean region to join Islamic State fighters in the Middle East last year, about 50 more than in the previous year.
However, he said, the biggest threat might not be the extremists who leave to train and fight with the Islamic State, but the ones who stay behind.
Kelly said Islamic extremist groups seem to have a new message for would-be jihadists.
"And that [message] is, 'Rather than coming here to Syria, why don't you just stay at home and do San Bernardino or do Boston or do Fort Hood?' ” the general said, referring to attacks in the U.S. perpetrated by Muslims sympathetic to extremist groups. As recently as Thursday, a gunman claiming allegiance to the Islamic State ambushed a police officer as he sat in his car in Philadelphia.
“They [Caribbean nations] don't have an FBI, they don't have law enforcement like we do," Kelly said, adding that the U.S. military provides as much information as it can to agencies in those countries.
Iraq, Afghanistan
When asked about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Kelly praised recent comments made to USA Today by General John Campbell, commander of the NATO-led Resolute Support Mission, that the president should delay the drawdown of U.S. troops and maintain the current force of 9,800 because of the volatile security situation in Afghanistan.
He also appeared to pointedly disagree with the U.S. decision to withdraw all troops in Iraq by the end of 2011, telling a reporter there were “other ways to have done it.”
“I believe this war stuff is hard, and it's not for the untrained and the unadvised," he said.
Kelly, who served in Iraq's Anbar province, said the removal of U.S. troops took away vital mentors the Iraqi army needed as it continued to develop.
"The equipment is important, but it doesn't come close to having people who are just with them,” he said.
Kelly, a Marine, said there would eventually be “pressure” to lower standards for women so more of them could advance in combat roles, such as the Marine infantry and the Army Rangers.
Last year, the Marine Corps asked that certain combat jobs remain closed to women, but Defense Secretary Ash Carter overruled the request.
Pentagon officials have vowed that standards for those jobs will not be lowered.
ADVERTISEMENT
Syria's Bashar al-Assad is looking more and more isolated, as his troops continue to violently repress the (mostly) peaceful protests against his government. The European Union is stepping up its economic sanctions, banning all Syrian oil; the Arab League is proposing elections for a new government; and now, even neighboring Turkey has had enough. "We've lost our confidence" in Assad, Turkish President Abdullah Gul said this week. "Today in the world there is no place for authoritarian administrations, one-party rule, closed regimes," and if such governments don't change, they can be "removed by force." Is the loss of a key economic and diplomatic ally the final straw for Assad?
This is proof Assad is toast: Assad's "knack for making enemies and losing friends" will be his undoing, says Rania Abouzeid at TIME. He could probably survive calls for his ouster from his Western foes, but he can't afford to lose key regional allies. Turkey has already reached the "breaking point" over Assad's brutal crackdown, and that may be enough to turn wavering Syrians against Assad.
"Unfriending Assad: Turkey, Iran, and even Hezbollah begin..."
Still, Iran hasn't abandoned Assad yet: As Syria's largest investor, "Turkey has some leverage," says Amir Taheri in the New York Post. And its push for a caretaker government to replace Assad has the backing of Europe and several Arab nations. But Iran "stands dead set against the scheme," and it has more leverage. As long as Syria is the focus of the "power struggle between regional rivals Turkey and Iran," Assad has a fighting chance to hang on.
"Syria: Turkey v. Iran"
One way or another, Assad is through: At this point, says Elliot Abrams in The Atlantic, it's just a question of when and how Assad goes. If hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees flood into Turkey, that might give "the Turks the incentive they need to bring Bashar down." Alternatively, it could be a "palace coup" by Assad's Alawite cronies, or a mass defection by Sunni troops or the Christian business community.
"How will Syria's Assad fall?"
NEW DELHI: Surat municipal corporation has set an example in achieving the tough task of getting more and more users of autos and two-wheelers to opt for city buses.A combination of savvy pricing and smart technology has meant that the service, Surat Sitilink Ltd, launched less than a year back by the municipal body has succeeded in attracting 93% passengers, many of whom were earlier using auto-rickshaws and two-wheelers.Surat's stellar show comes at a time when most city bus entities including Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) are facing huge challenge to increase bus ridership. While in November 2016 the Surat Sitilink got only 3,000 riders per day by August this year it increased to 65,000, an over 20-fold increase in ridership. Average daily revenue also increased from Rs 46,000 to Rs 6 lakh during this period.Last week Surat Municipal Corporation was chosen for the ‘Best City Bus Services Award' by the Centre at urban mobility conference in Hyderabad. The textile city of Gujarat has also started work to introduce a fleet of 25 electric buses, which will ply only in the core city area covering 29 km. This is being done to check vehicular pollution in crowded areas.Besides keeping the fare low at Rs 4 as the minimum ticket amount to compete with polluting shared auto-rickshaws, the city administration has also introduced intelligent transit management system for real time monitoring of buses, emergency and other department vehicles. A robust live IT system has been put in place for automatic vehicle location, incident management and for monitoring of all equipment from the control centre.The Surat Sitilink has also deployed system for IT-based monitoring of transit violations such as speed, missed stop and route violation. It also has a central message publication system for all transit vehicles in case of any event or emergency.“It's very tough to shift people from four-wheelers to bus system. Only 5% of the people using our BRTS system have shifted from cars. While all our Sitilink buses are normal ones, the BRTS buses are air-conditioned. As both these services are under the municipal body there is sync in their operation and routes,” Surat municipal commissioner Thennarasan told TOI over telephone.He added prior to the launch of Sitilink service private operators used to run buses on 30-40 routes. “Surat is growing at 7%-8% annually and the municipal body needed to take up the task of putting a good public transport system in place, which is affordable and efficient,” the municipal commissioner said.While Surat Sitilink is also incurring losses of Rs 7-8 crore annually, which is expected to increase as the number of buses increase and cover more routes, the municipal corporation has a solution. “We collect one-time ‘vehicle tax' from each new vehicle, which is 2% of the cost of the vehicle. We get roughly Rs 60-70 crore and this amount is meant for improving transport system. We are going to keep a share of the revenue generated from the sale of additional floor space index (FSI) on properties along the transit corridors for transport development. We are also looking at additional revenue from advertisements,” Thennarasan said.
He also told colleagues at America's top military hospital that non-Muslims were infidels condemned to hell who should be set on fire. The outburst came during an hour-long talk Hasan, an Army psychiatrist, gave on the Koran in front of dozens of other doctors at Walter Reed Army Medical Centre in Washington DC, where he worked for six years before arriving at Fort Hood in July.
Colleagues had expected a discussion on a medical issue but were instead given an extremist interpretation of the Koran, which Hasan appeared to believe.
It was the latest in a series of "red flags" about his state of mind that have emerged since the massacre at Fort Hood, America's largest military installation, on Thursday.
Hasan, armed with two handguns including a semi-automatic pistol, walked into a processing centre for soldiers deploying to Iraq and Afghanistan, where he killed 13 and injured more than 30.
Fellow doctors have recounted how they were repeatedly harangued by Hasan about religion and that he openly claimed to be a "Muslim first and American second."
One Army doctor who knew him said a fear of appearing discriminatory against a Muslim soldier had stopped fellow officers from filing formal complaints.
Another, Dr Val Finnell, who took a course with him in 2007 at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Maryland, did complain about Hasan's "anti-American rants." He said: "The system is not doing what it's supposed to do. He at least should have been confronted about these beliefs, told to cease and desist, and to shape up or ship out. I really questioned his loyalty."
Selena Coppa, an activist for Iraq Veterans Against the War, said: "This man was a psychiatrist and was working with other psychiatrists every day and they failed to notice how deeply disturbed someone right in their midst was."
One of Hasan's neighbours described how on the day of the massacre, about 9am, he gave her a Koran and told her: "I'm going to do good work for God" before leaving for the base.
A civilian police officer who shot him, bringing the rampage to an end, said Hasan appeared "calm" during the massacre, hiding behind a telephone pole and shooting fellow soldiers in the back as they tried to get away.
"He was firing at people as they were trying to run and hide, said Sgt Mark Todd. "Then he turned and fired a couple of rounds at me. I didn't hear him say a word, he just turned and fired."
Hasan flinched after he was shot and slid down against the pole still clutching his gun, which had a laser sight on it. The officer kicked away the weapon and handcuffed him.
He said: "The guy was breathing, his eyes were blinking. I could tell that he was fading out and he didn't say anything. He was just kind of blinking."
Senator Joe Lieberman, who chairs the US Senate Committee on Homeland Security, said there had been "strong warning signs" that Hasan was an "Islamist extremist".
The committee would ask "whether the Army missed warning signs that should have led them to essentially discharge him, he said. He added: "The US
Army has to have zero tolerance. He should have been gone."
But General George Casey, the Army's Chief of Staff, said it was "speculation" that military authorities failed to pick up on warning signs. "I don't want to say that we missed it," he said.
Asked if military authorities had missed warning signs Gen Casey, the Army's Chief of Staff, added: "We have to go back and look at ourselves ,and ask ourselves the hard questions. Are we doing the right things? We will learn from this.
"It's too early to draw conclusions but we will ask ourselves the hard questions about what we are doing and the changes we should make as a result of this."
Newcomers say it's 'nice,' but not warm
Women gathering MPR Photo/Jeffrey Thompson
When Cathy Schaefer moved to Minneapolis more than two years ago, she didn't feel welcomed.
"People would say, 'Oh, we should get together some time,'" said Schaefer, a native New Yorker. "And I'd be like, 'Yes! That would be great because I have no friends!'"
Then she would never hear from them.
Shaefer's experience is a common one. Minnesotans may take pride in their reputation for friendliness, but many others consider "Minnesota Nice" a backhanded compliment and a social critique. The locals are loyal and neighborly, yet they tend to keep outsiders at a comfortable distance.
Many young transplants — whether from South Dakota or South America — say making friends and finding a sense of community is daunting.
Although the problem is hard to measure, business leaders and others who track economic growth are concerned. They say Minnesotans are not doing enough to welcome newcomers into their fold, and that can have consequences for the state's economic future.
'EXTRAORDINARY WOMEN'
To meet interesting and outspoken women, Schaefer, who manages a lab at the University of Minnesota, started the "League of Extraordinary Women." The monthly gatherings of self-described "cool ladies" are open to all, especially women who are new to town.
Dozens of professional females in their 20s and 30s squeeze their way into Schaefer's one-bedroom Uptown apartment. A tight-knit tribe of girlfriends formed not through lifelong connections, but out of necessity, they drink wine, decorate cupcakes, and share tales about love, work and life.
Funny photo MPR Photo/Jeffrey Thompson
Schaefer bonded with one of her first friends, Laura Hovi, through a kickball league. Hovi, it turns out, was in a similar boat.
"When I first moved here, they said, 'Minnesotans are so nice — they'll give you directions to anywhere except their own house,'" Hovi recalled.
But Hovi is not from some faraway coast. She's from Fargo, N.D., just a few hours away. That gave her some precious insight into the social landscape in Minnesota.
Hovi said her hometown has a similar keep-to-ourselves culture. Friendships from junior high seem to last forever, leaving little room for outsiders.
"The difference is when I moved here, I was on the outside," she said. "I really got to see both sides of the coin."
It's not that Minnesotans are intentionally cliquish. Schaefer said it's just that they seem comfortable with their lives.
"They've never been alone before," she said. "It's not necessarily their fault, but they don't know what it's like to be in a new place and completely alone, and not have anybody to even go to lunch with, because you just got off the plane and it's just you, and your cat, and your suitcase."
INSULAR PEOPLE
Are Minnesotans really that insular? By some measures, yes. Census figures show Minnesota has a higher share of homegrown residents than many other states. About seven of every 10 people in Minnesota were born in-state. The national average is closer to about six in 10. But some states, among them Michigan, Louisiana and Ohio, have higher percentages of homegrown residents.
“Minnesotans are friendly. They just don't want any more friends.”
And the percentage of Minnesota homegrown residents is shrinking, said Tom Gillaspy, the recently retired state demographer.
"They still exist, and it's still most of the people, but it was overwhelming 30 years ago," he said. "Now it's a smaller proportion than it was."
To study the area's climate for newcomers, Gillaspy also monitors the movement of residents across state lines. Minnesota loses slightly more people to out-of-state migration than it receives.
Using individual tax returns, the Internal Revenue Service can track when a person moves to a different state. People who follow mobility trends rely on the data to study how many people move into an area, and how many people move out, in a given year.
The most recent numbers show the state's most-populated counties of Hennepin and Ramsey, home to Minneapolis and St. Paul, are seeing net losses in population as people move away to other states.
Other mid-size metro areas that the Twin Cites compete with to attract young professionals, such as Portland, Seattle and Denver, are experiencing just the opposite. Their counties experienced net gains last year.
But the migration data don't assess how warm or inviting the state is. Still, business leaders and others say there's some truth to the perception that Minnesotans can be standoffish to newcomers.
MAKING FRIENDS IS A CHALLENGE FOR TRANSPLANTS
Dozens of people who responded to an MPR News query about their experiences since relocating to Minnesota expressed frustration with trying to penetrate the rigid local social circles. Some said the only friendships they could form were with other transplants.
Making friends in any market after college or the first time away from home can be challenging, and provinciality is hardly unique to Minnesota. Even in hipster-friendly Seattle, transplants gripe about a similar social malaise known as the Seattle Chill.
The difference, of course, does that Minnesotans hold themselves to a higher standard in just about everything, including their sense of neighborliness.
Civic boosters in the Twin Cities have done their own studies that yielded similar complaints from out-of-towners. Feelings of isolation were even more common among professionals of color, according to the Minneapolis Regional Chamber of Commerce.
"It was a rude awakening for me, when we had a focus group several years ago and brought in several people who were new to the market who told stories I was horrified at, frankly," chamber president Todd Klingel said.
A lifelong Minnesotan of German heritage, Klingel said most locals probably don't know they have a welcoming problem.
"I think there are many people who are where I was a few years ago, thinking what a great place we are, and we're all so friendly," Klingel said. "And we are friendly. But we need to take that next step of really welcoming."
Among the observations of newcomers Klingel has heard:
"Minnesotans are friendly. They just don't want any more friends."
"I've been here four years, and I've yet to be in someone's home."
Such perceptions were sobering to Klingel. "Those of us, if we think about that, 'In the last year, who have I invited into my house that I didn't know five years ago?' I think we go, 'Ooh, that's a small number,'" he said. " 'Who cares?' Well, the people who aren't getting invited care."
HARDER FOR PEOPLE OF COLOR
It's not just a matter of being nice, Klingel said. It's about fiscal vitality. With so many baby boomers retiring, the state needs to look outward to fill the gaps in the aging work force.
"Where are those employees going to come from?" he asked. "They are not homegrown. There aren't enough in Minneapolis-St. Paul or in the state to provide the needs of these growing companies."
Retaining professionals of color in the Twin Cities has been especially tricky.
General Mills recruits MPR Photo/Jennifer Simonson
Executives complain of a revolving door for minority employees who come to enhance their resumes but soon leave.
A 2003 report commissioned by Meet Minneapolis, the convention and visitors association, concluded most transplants of color were leaving the Twin Cities within two years.
One employer trying to keep them here is General Mills. Every year, the company hosts a community breakfast at the Minneapolis Convention Center on Martin Luther King Day. Two thousand people arrive in their suits and wool winter coats to honor King's legacy. It's probably the most diverse crowd you will ever see in the Twin Cities all in one room.
General Mills' so-called Black Champions Network makes a point of inviting recent out-of-state hires to breakfast, in part to showcase the African-American community in the Twin Cities. The idea is to show that even though the weather is cold, the people are warm.
Aaron Seabron, who's finishing his MBA at Cornell University, is one of the recent hires. He'll start work this summer. Seabron spent the summer in Minneapolis for an internship at General Mills, and his experience in the Twin Cities exceeded his expectations.
"Minneapolis and the Twin Cities are a lot like other major cities; it's just not branded that way," he said. "But once I got here, every amenity that I ever had in New York City was here. I had cabs, I had nightlife, I had restaurants, I had sports games. It's not New York City, but every experience I was able to have socially and personally in New York, I was able to have here as well."
Most job candidates see why taking a job at General Mills is a good career move, said Ken Charles, the company's vice president for diversity and inclusion.
"That gets you the 9 to 5," he said. "The harder part is the 5 to 9. Now that you go home, what does your life look like?"
Charles was lured to Minnesota 12 years ago from his wife's hometown of Atlanta. For an African-American like himself, he said, Atlanta is like a black mecca.
"Candidly, Atlanta, Minneapolis? I took the interview out of courtesy," he said. "But when I got here, I saw the opportunity."
“We're good at accepting refugees. But I don't know how good we are at making those refugees really feel Minnesotan.” Attorney Ana Gomez
Charles said General Mills has doubled its racial and ethnic diversity over the past 15 years. The company doesn't disclose exact numbers, but Charles said turnover of those hires has decreased by half.
The company has learned to play matchmaker, connecting new hires with people who have shared experiences. If you're from Chicago, they'll find another Chicagoan who is thriving at the company. If you're looking for a church to attend, or a nonprofit to volunteer for, they'll help steer the way.
Much of that work is done through the company's specialized employee networks representing African-Americans, Hispanics, Asians, and other communities.
As a former recruiter, Charles said he learned that the company doesn't need to win everyone. He looked for job candidates who were honest with themselves about whether they would dive into a new environment. Ultimately, he said, it's up to the individual to find a social life.
"You could do things that are proactive, or you can sit at home, watch Netflix, and have Domino's pizza," he said. "We hope people will choose to take command of their lives and create the life they want."
But it's not hard to see how an outsider can harbor misconceptions about the real Lake Wobegon. The state's biggest cultural export is a radio show that playfully measures diversity in terms of Catholics and Lutherans. "A Prairie Home Companion" may be a work of fiction, but it has powerfully defined Minnesota culture to the outside world.
Many professionals of color who have relocated to the Twin Cities speak of an environment in which the locals accept them, but lack a genuine understanding of other cultures.
Ana Gomez, an immigration attorney who moved to Minnesota 12 years ago, said it's not malice but unfamiliarity that causes strangers to make the wrong assumptions about her. A U.S. citizen born in Louisiana, Gomez grew up in Venezuela and speaks English with an accent.
In and around her adopted home of Anoka, she has been mistaken for someone on welfare, or the nanny to her fair-skinned children.
"In this environment, they believe everyone from somewhere else is coming to take advantage," said Gomez. "The assumptions hurt."
Many of her good friends — all transplants — have left the state because of the chilly climate for newcomers, she said.
MINNESOTANS ARE GENEROUS, BUT DETACHED
Gomez has tried to come to terms with a place that on one hand is so generous, yet so detached on the other. When she worked for a nonprofit that provided legal services for the poor, she witnessed Minnesota's collective good will toward the less fortunate.
"I know someone will write the check and support them," she said. "I know we're good at accepting refugees. But I don't know how good we are at making those refugees really feel Minnesotan."
Compared to the rest of the country, Minnesota is a largely homogenous state. Its most diverse county, Ramsey County, is still whiter than the national average.
But Minnesota is changing, and more rapidly than the rest of the country. The state's foreign-born population grew by 235 percent over the past two decades. That's the 12th-fastest growth rate in the nation.
There also is strong evidence that the state is generous and accepting to newcomers and people of different cultures and faiths. Consider the Vietnamese, Mexicans, Ethiopians, Liberians, Russians, Indians, Tibetans and others have come to Minnesota from every corner of the world. It's the first state to send a Muslim to Congress, a Hmong person to the state Legislature, and elect a Somali to public office. Minnesota also is a leader in refugee resettlement.
For a sign of Minnesota's openness, one need look no further than Abdi Mohamed, whose Lincoln Town Car cruises through downtown Minneapolis on a Friday night. Minnesota is a place where Mohamed, after fleeing civil war, found peace, a safe home for his family, and an honest day's work. As a professional limo driver, he chauffeurs everyone from athletes to exotic dancers.
Mohamed's business card identifies him as Abdi, "Mr. Nice Guy." He intentionally leaves off the "Mohamed." He said everyone knows Mohamed is a Muslim name, and he doesn't want to invite hostility from passengers who may be fearful or angry toward Islam.
Mohamed moved to Minnesota in 1998 after spending two months in San Diego. Somali friends told him of this faraway place where it was easy to find work on assembly lines or in other low-skilled jobs.
"They say, 'Come to Minneapolis, there are a lot of jobs. It's cold! But it's fun. It's a nice city,'" he recalled. "Later I find out it's fun and a nice city."
To Mohamed, Minnesota is an accepting place.
"You come to Minnesota, you don't know the language, you have never been in this weather, you don't know the culture, you don't know the people, and people welcome you," he said. "You apply for a job, and they may not understand half of what you're saying, but they give you a job. I think I can say that's nice."
The Oakland Raiders signed a 14th undrafted free agent Wednesday, making it official with USC defensive end Greg Townsend Jr.
Townsend had been been a reported signing by the Raiders shortly after the NFL Draft ended a week and a half ago, but he wasn't included on the team's initial list of 13 UDFA additions Tuesday.
Now it's official, though, as Oakland brought in a legacy player to the offseason roster. Townsend's father, Greg Townsend Sr., was a fourth-round pick by the then-Los Angeles Raiders in 1983. He was a four-time All-Pro selection and part of the franchise's most recent Super Bowl championship team in 1984. Playing for the Raiders from 1983-93 and again for one season in 1997, Townsend Sr. notch 107.5 sacks in his 12 total years in the Silver and Black.
The Raiders would love to get even a fraction of that kind of production out of Townsend Jr., who went undrafted after four years at USC. Townsend Jr. played only three seasons for the Trojans, though, as he lost his sophomore campaign to a knee and ankle injury. He returned to post two sacks and three tackles for loss as a junior, but he played in only nine games because of another ankle injury and chicken pox, of all things.
Townsend Jr. saved his best for last, recording 44 tackles, 6.5 of which went for loss, and two sacks as a senior while playing in all 14 contests.
At his pro day, Townsend Jr. posted a 4.86-second 40-yard dash, a 7.50 second three-cone drill, 19 reps of 225 pounds on the bench, a 31.5-inch vertical and 9'1" broad jump. The 6-foot-2, 258-pound edge defender could compete for a roster spot at defensive end and outside linebacker.
A crowbar, a wire brush, a tape measure, a hooked device, a tyre-pressure gauge, a hammer such as a doctor might tap you on the knee with and a couple of mean-looking pointy things. These are the tools of the MoT-testing trade. I know this because it says so on the board they hang on. They are also the tools that are about to be inserted into various bits of this McLaren P1. And yes, that includes the crowbar.
Nothing escapes the MoT test. OK, that's not strictly true – cars built before 1960 get a free pass, so too do tractors and goods vehicles powered by electricity. Milkfloats, I'm assuming, rather than an estate agent's decalled-up i3. But everything else on the road? Well, that needs a certificate of roadworthiness. Yes, even if it's a McLaren P1.
Photography: Alex Tapley
This article was originally published in the October 2016 issue of Top Gear magazine
Macros are the most powerful way to manipulate the syntax of your language. Macros make it possible to completely modify your language to match your domain. To explain them, think for a minute about functions using the simple “substitution model” used to teach functions to beginner programmers. The substitution model has the reader replace a function call with the body of the called function.
def doCalc () return 1 + 2 end def doAwesome (x) return doCalc() + x end #before substitution... def test () return doAwesome(3) end # when substituted... def test () return (1 + 2) + 3 ends
Ignoring scoping, the function/call system allows for immense power in programing languages. The function lets you "expand" a simple call into a much larger block of code. The expanded code can be vastly large. In our example above, the (doCalc) function is small, but it reality it could be doing hundreds of lines of code, which also would have to be substituted in place. The difference is real functions do not work this way. Real functions have their values evaluated before getting passed in as parameters.
Macros are similar to the substitution model, with one expressed difference: by default, macros operate on the text of the code itself, not the values. Think of how expansion works in the simple if statement.
if workday(today()) do x = 1 + 1 else x = doOtherHugeCalc() end
Does the huge calc function execute each time? Not at all, you are guaranteed that only one will happen at any given run through that block of code.
Let's say you wanted to make a generic function that would abstract away that call, and let you return the values, maybe something like this:
def ifworkday(first, second) if workday(today()) do return first else return second end end x = ifworkday(1 + 1, doOtherHugeCalc()) #when the values are “shown” def ifworkday(2, 3) if workday(today()) do return 2 else return 3 end end x = ifworkday(2, 3) # CALLED BOTH FUNCTIONS
But wait, now BOTH functions get called, you are doing exactly twice as many huge calcs as needed. Now, those familiar with javascript probably are already itching with the solution, "JUST WRAP THEM IN ANONYMOUS FUNCTIONS!!!". I hear you, sure that works in this super simple example, but macros let you do this without that extra wordiness. Macros defer evaluating parameters. Think of a macro as a function, but the biggest difference is parameters DON'T get called till you choose to call them.
#if it is a macro... defmacro ifworkday(first, second) if workday(today()) do return first else return second end end ifworkday(1+1, doOtherHugeCalc()) #when the values are “shown” defmacro ifworkday("1+1", "doOtherHugeCalc()") if workday(today()) do return eval("1+1") else return eval("doOtherHugeCalc()") end end
Now, in this simple ruby example, I had to use strings and eval to approximate what happens with macros in other languages. Since this is unwieldy, let's switch to clojure, where it is more natural.
I said that macros defer evaluation, they do that, but they also do much more. Lets look at a clojure list.
‘(a b c d) ;;=> (a b c d)
This is a list of four symbols. Symbols are basically like an enum or a keyword that only equals itself. So it is possible to say:
(= ‘a ‘a) ;;=> true
but that's pretty much it. If I tried to evaluate a symbol, it would complain that the symbol has no definition, since it is trying to treat it like a variable lookup.
;; nothing gets evaluated inside the list at all.. ‘(a b c)
Now you are left with a list of symbols, unevaluated. The defmacro form, for each parameter, gives you such a list of unevaluated symbols.
;;before compilation (defmacro ifWorkday [bigCalc1, bigCalc2] `(if (workday (today)) ~bigCalc1 ~bigCalc2)) ;; the call (ifWorkday (+ 1 1) (otherBigCalc)) ;;... after compilation... (defmacro ifWorkday [(+ 1 1), (otherBigCalc)] `(if (workday (today)) (+ 1 1) (otherBigCalc))) ;; after compilation the call gets _transformed_ into: (if (workday (today)) (+ 1 1) (otherBigCalc))
The ` is called syntax quote, it disables evaluation much like quote does (it just also namespaces everything inside for your convenience). The ~ is called an unquote, and it turns evaluation back on. In any given space, if you have a function called (id), and you called it like (`~id), it would mean the same as just calling (id), because you turned off evaluation, then turned it back on. Above, the bigCalc parameters are filled with the actual values passed in, the lists unevaluated of ‘(+ 1 1) and ‘(otherBigCalc).
I like to think of the return from a macro as a “template” to replace the original call with. Take the call (ifWorkday (+ 1 1) (otherBigCalc)). When calling the macro, the last thing returned from the macro is expected to be a list of clojure code to replace the original call at compile time. So, at compile time, (ifWorkday (+ 1 1) (otherBigCalc)) is replaced with (if (workday (today)) (+ 1 1) (otherBigCalc)) which is the return from the macro.
But that is a stupid example. Making your own if statements is the most basic uses of macros. But it demonstrates the point: macros generate code. This is profound, but hard to grasp for the first time. Macros expand code before compilation time, and therefore can be used to generate lots of code automatically.
For extra credit, let's take a bigger example in the same vein as our custom ifWorkday. I am making a game, and in it, I want an easy abstraction that gives me back one of several options with a custom percent chance. Ideally, something like
(if25 (doFirst) (doSecond))
where the number corresponds to the percent chance that the next item will be executed and returned. In this example, (doFirst) will only happen 25% of the time and (doSecond) 75% of the time. This demonstrates a more interesting use of macros, the ability to generate other functions (or even other macros). Here is the code:
(defmacro make-percents [] `(list ~@(map (fn [num] (let [macro-name (symbol (str "if" num))] `(defmacro ~macro-name [x# y#] `(if (> ~~num (rand-int 100)) ~x# ~y#)))) (range 100)))) (make-percents)
This macro only needs to be called once, and what it does is generate this:
(defmacro if0 [x__2603__auto__ y__2604__auto__] `(if (> 0 (rand-int 100)) ~x__2603__auto__ ~y__2604__auto__)) (defmacro if1 [x__2604__auto__ y__2605__auto__] `(if (> 1 (rand-int 100)) ~x__2604__auto__ ~y__2605__auto__)) (defmacro if2 [x__2606__auto__ y__2607__auto__] `(if (> 2 (rand-int 100)) ~x__2606__auto__ ~y__2607__auto__)) ;;... (defmacro if99 [x__2609__auto__ y__2601__auto__] `(if (> 99 (rand-int 100)) ~x__2609__auto__ ~y__2601__auto__))
I hope the profundity of this hits you like a ton of bricks. With under 10 lines of macro code (and calling it) we auto-generated 100 macros! This 10 lines of code gets expanded to 100 more lines! Sure, this is a simple, almost silly example, but imagine what you could do with this sort of power. In a more complex example, you could be auto-generating vast amounts of code this way, code that you don't have to write every time by hand. Don't let the x__2506__auto__ parameter names scare you, I will explain that in a bit.
Those generated macros should not be too hard to understand after the previous ifWorkday macro, and they can be called just like we expect. Let's deconstruct (make-percents).
`(list ~@(map (fn [num]
The ~@ is like unquote from above, the only difference is instead of just unquoting a list to be evaluated, it extracts the values from the list and sticks them in place. I like to think of it as just removing the outer parens in the unquoted list.
(let [x ‘(1 2 (3 4))] `(+ 8 ~@x)) ;; => (clojure.core/+ 8 1 2 (3 4))
The (list) function is just how we make a list of elements.
(list ‘a ‘b ‘c) ;;=> (a b c)
The (map) function has two arguments: the first, a function; the second, a list of elements to “map” over.
~@(map (fn [num] (...)) (range 100))
As you can see here, the ~@() tells us to unquote the whole form, re-enabling the evaluation, and therefore running the map call. The map then calls the anonymous function 100 times, with the num being the numbers 0..99. Inside the anon function we have a let binding:
(let [macro-name (symbol (str "if" num))]
This line is more simple, it makes a let that binds to the value macro-name a symbol that looks like ‘if1, ‘if2, .. depending on which iteration of the loop you are on.
`(defmacro ~macro-name [x# y#] `(if (> ~~num (rand-int 100)) ~x# ~y#))))
Here is the actual returned “template” of the macro. The # at the end of the parameter name ensures that it is unique, which is really really useful when you consider that the code returned from a macro replaces the call in place. To make sure you don't accidentally double bind the same name, clojure will give you a warning like “cannot let unqualified name” if you try to let a value without including the # at the end inside a template, another really handy feature. What gets generated by x# looks something like x__2506__auto__ which is guaranteed to be unique. The reason you need this is in case there was another value bound to x inside your code, it could cause a conflict, and in certain circumstances, really break your code, so this prevents such conflicts. You should only need these when creating parameters or let bindings inside the template. All the values "outside" the template do not need to have the # appended to their names, since they will not actually be a part of the returned template.
The only odd thing here is the double ~~num. Notice how many quote levels deep we are. It is possible to unquote to “step” back up a level in the template. By the time we get to the ~~num, the original function parameter of num was two “levels” higher, so to access it, we have to “step up” two levels. Let me highlight it in colors, to make it easier to see.
See how by unquoting ~macro-name one level in line 3, and unquoting ~~num two levels on line 4, we bring them both back “up” to the “red” level where they were defined? Similarly, by unquoting ~x# and ~y# one level on line 4, we bring them back “up” to their “blue” definition level? This is an incredibly powerful tool that allows immense expansion of code in a tiny amount of space. If you think of the returned code form as a “template”, this quoting and unquoting lets you step in and out of evaluation with ease.
In the end, when the (make-percents) macro is called, it produces 100 macros that are callable just like any other macro. To tell the whole story, I wrote this into my game, then decided I wanted a more sophisticated macro that could take any number of percentages, but this remained a good way to explain this specific pattern of looped macro generation.
Hopefully, this article caused you to see how incredibly powerful macros can be, allowing effectively infinite auto-generation of code. The field of macros is still very under-explored, as most languages do not allow them at all, they remain a largely undiscovered, and yet incredibly powerful tool.
For further reading, I highly recommend Let Over Lambda, the first 6 chapters of which are free here. Let Over Lambda is written with examples in Common Lisp, but the macro parts are very similar in Clojure, so is a valuable read.
President-elect Donald Trump has named former RNC spokesman Sean Spicer as his official White House Press Secretary.
Spicer, who was the communications director for the Republican National Committee for several years, has worked to smooth relationships between Donald Trump and the press, and has a keen understanding of how the media ecosystem works in Washington.
Last week, Spicer reassured reporters that Trump would not ban reporters from the White House briefing room.
“There's a big difference between a campaign where it is a private venue using private funds and a government entity,” Spicer told reporters at a Politico event. “We have a respect for the press when it comes to the government, that that is something that you can't ban an entity from.”
But he also signaled that the process of briefing reporters would likely change, suggesting the idea of holding Facebook Live and Reddit AMA's directly with the American people.
Trump's campaign Senior Communications advisor Jason Miller will be the White House Director of Communications, and Trump's campaign press secretary Hope Hicks will be the new White House Director of Strategic Communications.
Dan Scavino, Trump's nimble social media navigator, will join the White House as the Director of Social media.
“Sean, Hope, Jason and Dan have been key members of my team during the campaign and transition,” Trump said in a statement. “I am excited they will be leading the team that will communicate my agenda that will Make America Great Again.”
A bipartisan group of sixty-one senators, led by Sen. Commerce Committee Chairman John Thune (R-S.D.) and committee member Amy Klobuchar (D–Minn.), have written to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler to ask the FCC to get moving on migrating Universal Service Fund subsidies to broadband so rural cord-cutters aren't penalized.
"When rural customers “cut the cord” of traditional phone service in favor of wireless or Internet-based phone services, rural communities served by smaller telecommunication providers lose access to USF support for broadband deployment even if the customer continues to pay for broadband Internet service," they said. "The outdated rules create a needless link between customers signing up for services they may not want or need and broadband deployment."
The FCC created a Connect America Fund to move subsidies from phone to broadband, but still has work to do. The senators praised that long-term goal, but said in the short term consumers should not be left in the lurch and called for a targeted fix.
"[W]e are troubled that the FCC has yet to take meaningful steps to address one of the most problematic aspects of the existing USF rules," they said, pointing out that 44 senators had signed a letter in May 2014 asking for a targeted fix.
"Requests from rural consumers present a growing dilemma for rural carriers," said Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), in a separate statement. "Under current FCC rules, local exchange carriers are required to provide broadband to receive USF support, but lose USF support if their customers subscribe to that broadband service without also purchasing voice service. Unless this problem is addressed by the FCC, the current rules will increasingly lead to an unintended outcome of less choice for rural consumers when the goal of national universal service policy is to increase broadband deployment and adoption in rural areas."
The chairman has committed to action on this and other related issues by the end of this year, and did so again Tuesday in a Senate budget hearing, where he said he agreed it did not make a lot of since to continue to link narrowband and broadband subsidies.
“NTCA–The Rural Broadband Association is profoundly appreciative of Senators Thune and Klobuchar, along with more than half of their colleagues in the Senate, for their leadership in encouraging the FCC to make targeted updates as soon as possible to existing high-cost Universal Service Fund (USF) mechanisms," the group said in a statement. "This letter represents a clear and unmistakable message from Congress that it is time to make the kinds of updates that consumers need right now."
Researchers studying state-level climate policy in the US confirm what high school teachers already know: if you make an assignment voluntary and offer no incentives for completing it, no one's gonna do it.
In an assessment of 17 climate and energy policies enacted by US states between 1990 and 2014, researchers from Emory University found that mandatory policies usually had a positive effect on emissions reduction while voluntary policies always had negligible or no effect.
What may be more interesting, however, is to look at which policies worked best. Such an analysis has growing practical implications. This year, the Trump administration reversed many of the Obama administration's federal emissions-reducing guidelines, rules, and regulations, meaning states that want to curb emissions are left to their own devices. Legislators who are serious about crafting good environmental policy would do well to look at what has worked for others before making proposals.
What worked
Pulling apart what worked and what didn't was a challenge, the authors write, because a handful of states has adopted several policies applicable to power sector emissions—some mandatory and some voluntary. It should be no surprise that California's wide-net climate change legislation AB 32 was associated with a 25-percent reduction in emissions from the power sector since it came into force in 2006. The state established a cap-and-trade program, as well as a Climate Action Plan (CAP), mandatory greenhouse gas reporting, binding renewable portfolio standards, and emissions performance standards. California also joined the largely voluntary Western Climate Initiative. Were any of these more effective than others?
When the researchers used data from additional states to tease out combination effects and policy start-dates, they were able to find three policies that offered the most dramatic reductions in emissions overall. Those policies included:
Electric decoupling: Utilities are re-organized so that they don't make money on the amount of energy sold or lose money based on year-over-year reductions in electricity use. Customers are charged the same no matter how much or little energy they use. In Colorado, Xcel recently dropped a request for rate increases and agreed to move forward with electric decoupling in a compromise with solar advocates in the state. Mandatory greenhouse gas registry/reporting: This requires companies and other organizations to report their greenhouse gas emissions at regular intervals. Mandatory reporting makes emissions data more reliable and helps governments target problem areas in future legislation. It also helps the companies identify major sources. Public benefit funds: Often collected through small charges on customer utility bills or through mandatory utility contributions, these funds are used for renewable energy or energy efficiency programs. PBFs create revenue streams for projects (PDF) that reduce emissions and also ideally reduce the cost of energy for customers long-term.
The second and third policies were “also associated with a large reduction in emissions intensity,” the authors write, meaning that the average amount of emissions from a state's power sector fell.
Emissions performance standards were associated with the largest reduction in CO 2 emissions for the power-sector in that state, “reducing emissions by approximately 3.9 MMTCO2 [million metric tons of CO 2 ] per year.” But only six states had adopted emissions performance standards in 2014. The authors write that these limits are effective but aren't politically feasible in many states. In lieu of those standards, “market-based mechanisms, such as a tax or cap-and-trade program, can achieve the same result as regulation at lower costs."
Many states also have renewable portfolio standards (RPS), but when analyzed against 2014 data, RPS had mixed results. In some instances, the power sector increased renewables but didn't increase the percentage of power coming from renewables. In other words, you can build a utility-scale solar facility, but if you keep adding fossil fuel plants, too, it won't do much good. The authors noted:
“Ultimately what matters from a climate lens is not whether policies increase renewable energy, but rather whether they are successful in curbing GHG emissions. Increased investment in renewables, greater renewable capacity or even higher renewable generation levels cannot serve as a suitable proxy for the decarbonization of the power sector, as simply increasing renewable capacity without decreasing fossil fuel electricity generation is not a solution to climate change.”
It's important to think of renewable energy as a tool to reduce greenhouse gases. Renewables are a means to an end, not the end in itself.
What didn't work?
Voluntary greenhouse gas emission reporting seemed to have no effect on greenhouse gas emissions. The authors admit, however, that there may be some selection bias working against “voluntary emissions reporting” as a policy. If a state has no intention of controlling greenhouse gas emissions or if it knows that its emissions will increase in the coming years (due to population influx or a booming oil market, for example), then it will be more likely to adopt voluntary greenhouse gas emission reporting. The data doesn't tell us how well voluntary emissions reporting works in a state that is committed to making changes or in a state that's less tied to emissions-producing industries.
The Western Climate Initiative (WCI) has also not driven a significant reduction in emissions. The initiative created a "weak alliance" of western states that "established an economy-wide [greenhouse gas] emissions target of 15 percent below 2005 levels by 2020." But before 2014, only California instituted market-based reforms to achieve that goal. "For the other six states within the WCI, the signing of the agreement in 2007 did not send a strong enough market signal to see a noticeable decrease in emissions," the authors wrote.
Finally, Climate Action Plans (CAPs) didn't show a significant decrease in emissions. But the researchers argue that that doesn't necessarily mean CAPs don't work—many CAPs address sources outside of the power sector, or they focus on "adaptation" to a changing climate rather than "mitigation" of the causes of that changing climate.
What we're left with is that mandatory policies work to reduce emissions in the power sector, and voluntary policies show less promise. This is helpful information for states, and it has implications for a future in which the federal government will eventually have to respond to a changing climate. As the researchers note, "If and when the federal government takes leadership in climate mitigation efforts, it can learn from the successes of state-level actions analyzed here."
Nature Climate Change, 2017. DOI: 10.1038/s41558-017-0001-0 About DOIs.
Congratulations hockey fans, you've survived the month of August. Known notoriously as hockey's “dead month”, the month of August isn't anything short of depressing for hockey fans, since there's really nothing going on in the NHL. But don't worry, we at The Hockey Writers are here to lighten the mood for you once again as hockey season approaches, as we'll look at one of the more comical sides of the hockey world – minor league team names.
Sure, some NHL teams of past and present have seen some pretty strange names over the years (the Mighty Ducks, the Golden Seals, and even the Philadelphia Quakers, for example), but when push comes to shove, you really can't beat minor league hockey team names.
However, with such a large selection of team names, for sanity's sake, we'll be looking at the strangest team names just five teams at a time.
Here's our first edition:
The Wheeling Nailers
Oh, how could we ever forget. As made famous by Paul Bissonnette's Twitter profile, the Wheeling Nailers easily earn a spot on our list of all-time greats. Here's a little history on the Wheeling Nailers:
Founded in 1981, the Wheeling Nailers were originally known as the Carolina Thunderbirds. With four straight regular-season titles, and three Bob Paine Trophies as Atlantic Coast Hockey League champions, the Thunderbirds were a force to be reckoned with on the ice. In 1987, the team moved on to the All-American Hockey League. After one season in the AAHL, the Thunderbirds, as well as two other teams, moved on to become the basis of the ECHL, where the Wheeling Nailers now play.
Following trademark issues with the Seattle Thunderbirds in 1996, the team opted to change their name to the Nailers, following a contest that was open to local fans. Why the Nailers? Well, the city of Wheeling, that which the Nailers call home, actually has a long history in the nail manufacturing business. No, we aren't kidding.
There you have it, the origin of the Wheeling Nailers.
The Greenville Swamp Rabbits
I came across this one recently, and my jaw dropped. What the heck is a Swamp Rabbit, and who lost a bet that forced this team to change its name? But no, no bets were lost. This name is full of history.
The Greenville Road Warriors of the ECHL opted to change their name this season, with the goal of “honoring a piece of Greenville's history while also being relevant within the community today,” as stated by the team's owner, Fred Festa, per CBS Sports.
Well, if you're anything like me, you're probably wondering what a Swamp Rabbit is. Aside from being an animal, the Swamp Rabbit, believe it or not, actually has historical ties with the city of Greenville. The Swamp Rabbit is actually a railroad that connects Greenville to coal fields in Tennessee. It was nicknamed the Swamp Rabbit by locals, who would use the railroad to travel to northern Greenville County, where they would picnic.
But, seeing as it would make absolutely no sense to anyone else to put a train on a jersey with the name “Swamp Rabbits” across the front, they decided to use the animal logo instead, in order to keep some logic in play here.
But hey, you have to admit, that carrott-hockey stick is pretty slick, eh?
The Orlando Solar Bears
How much can be said about the Orlando Solar Bears? The punny name just makes you feel warm inside, doesn't it? Or does it make you feel cold? Or both? I don't know. Either way, it's a polar bear in the sun… in Orlando! How much better can it be?
The ECHL's Solar Bears re-birthed the name of the original Solar Bears, who played in the International Hockey League from 1995-2001.
Their bizarre team colors pair up with their equally bizarre team name to create a pretty funky ice hockey team. But hey, I kind of dig it.
The Macon Whoopee
Described by my colleague Matt Pryor as “the Pride of Georgia” (sarcastically, of course), the Macon Whoopee certainly earned a spot on our list of the strangest hockey team names of all time. The defunct team originally played in the Central Hockey League from 1996-2001, but was also the name of an ECHL team that unsurprisingly only lasted one season.
Yes, the team name was a reference to a sexual slang, despite it's mascot, the whooping crane. Inappropriate? Sure. But it makes for a pretty good laugh.
*Note: The original team, the Macon Whoopees (plural) were a part of the Southern Hockey League during the 1973-74 season.
The Fayettville FireAntz
There are so many things that can be said about the FireAntz, but let's just start with a short list, shall we?
Ants are small, not-so-scary creatures, who admittedly could become dangerous if attacked by 20,000 of them,but don't generally strike fear into the hearts of people. Why do they spell “FireAntz with a Z? Is it a mistake, or was it some sort of lame and awful attempt to be more “hip.” What does a Fire Ant have to do with ice, ice hockey, or really anything for that matter?
Well, long story short, the FireAntz have bounced from league to league, but still exist in the Southern Professional Hockey League, otherwise known as the SPHL.
Live on, FireAntz, and please, stay on the ice, and away from our bodies. Thanks.
So, that does it for our first round of the strangest hockey team names of all time. Have a team name that you think should be on the list? Add it in the comments, or Tweet it at me @CamHasbrouck, and we can see if it's worthy.
Our next five teams will be revealed shortly, so stay tuned!
A ten-year-old girl named Harriet has been denied a passport because her name does not appear on the list of approved Icelandic names.
Had her parents chosen Hjörný, Haddý, Hekla, Hrafnhildur or Hörn she would have been approved, but the name Harriet is not on the list and cannot be added to it, according to the country's strict naming laws.
"They have deprived our daughter of freedom of movement," the girl's mother, Kristín Cardew, told visir.is. "It is in violation of the United Nations' Convention on the Rights of the Child."
Cardew and her husband, Tristan, who was born in Britain, have four children: Lilja, Belinda, Harriet and Duncan. But Duncan and Harriet's names appear in the National Registry as /drengur/, which means boy, and /stúlka/, which means girl, because neither name has been approved by a body called the Icelandic Naming Committee.
Until now, this is also how their names have appeared in their passports. But when Cardew went to renew Harriet's passport, she was told that the document could not be issued because her daughter's name was "illegal".
Icelandic law says that unless both parents are foreign, all children born in the country must have their name submitted to the National Registry within six months of birth, The Guardian reports. If the chosen name does not appear on the official list of 1,853 female and 1,712 male names, parents must ask for approval from the Naming Committee.
Around 100 applications are received each year from parents hoping to give their child an unrecognised name. Of those, approximately half are rejected under a 1996 act which aims to preserve the Icelandic language.
The complexity of naming conventions in the country is that new names must be able to be conjugated so as not to "conflict with the linguistic structure of Iceland". Harriet was turned down because it could not be properly given nominative, accusative, and genitive cases, the Guardian says.
Jón Gnarr, the former mayor of Reykjavik, described the country's naming laws as "unfair, stupid [and] against creativity".
The art of a tasty lunch! Father brightens up his sons' sandwich bags by drawing a cartoon every morning before school for five years
One creative father has used his cartoon drawing skills to bring a little humor to his children's lunchtime sandwiches.
David Laferriere has been doodling on the plastic Ziploc bags with a Sharpie marker since 2008 - before taking a quick snap of his handiwork and posting it to his Flickr account.
The graphic designer has now done more than a thousand drawings which range from dinosaurs and monsters to goldfish and ducks.
His children only get a look at the artwork when they open their bags later in the day.
Mr Laferriere, from Attleboro, Massachusetts, explains: 'T he challenges are coming up with an idea and then drawing quickly and directly on the bag, every line counts.'
However the creative father's talents don't end there - he is also in charge of making the sandwiches.
Monster art: One creative father doodles every morning on his children's lunch bags
Food for thought: Graphic designer David Laferriere has drawn more than a thousand cartoons for his children
Do you want a piece of me? The quirky cartoons take the artist around five minutes each morning
Face value: For almost five years, the father has doodled on his sons sandwich bags
Monster munch: Mr Laferriere's sons don't see his drawings until they open their lunch at school
Something fishy? Perhaps today's lunch was tuna and inspire the marine theme
Look out: The boys are surprised each lunchtime by their father's art even if the sandwich fillings don't change
Inspiring: The little drawings are created to give the boys something to think about while they eat
Enter the dragon: The graphic designer began drawing every morning in 2008 for his sons
Fired up: Mr Laferriere takes a snap of every cartoon and posts it to his Flickr account
High-flying imagination: The artist has now doodled his way through a thousand lunch bags
In German they say “Schweine auf die Piste,” which literally means “pigs on the slopes.” In American, they're probably just flipping the bird through puffy ski gloves. But, it's just about universal that nobody anywhere likes people who ski like assholes (or snowboard like assholes, but I'm less of an expert on exactly how not to do that). Mostly, it just comes down to common courtesy.
Now, you might be asking yourself: What does it mean to ski like an asshole? How can I avoid being a pig on the slopes? Never fear, here you'll find the answers to all these questions and more. After all, not only are we here to help, we're also very self-interested: we don't want you causing us a trip to the emergency room either.
So without further ado, here are 10 rules to follow so fellow winter sports enthusiasts won't wish you off the mountain the fast way...
1. Do not attempt to ski/snowboard a slope that you are not confident you can do. If it's only your third day on skis, please, PLEASE, do not attempt that double-black-diamond run with moguls a third of the way through. You're not just risking your own life, but the lives of everyone else unfortunate enough to be on that run with you. These runs are fast, it is easy to lose control and if you don't fall right away when that happens, you may very well clip the person near you causing a catastrophic collision. Just don't get on the slope. Stick to the bunny hills. No one is judging you.
2. Do not stop right in the middle of a slope if you can help it - pull off to either side! A ski slope is like a highway: imagine someone stopping and turning off their engine in the middle lane, just so they can send that cool photo of the horizon to their mom. Sounds really dumb, right? The girl behind you kicking powder at 55mph thinks so too.
This picture should probably not have been taken ^
3. The same goes for when you fall: if you can, get yourself and your stuff (if you yard-saled) over to a side and get yourself composed there.
4. Pick a lane and stay in it. Especially on a wider piste, you don't need to be zigzagging across the entire face of the mountain. So, pick a lane no more than 10 yards wide and stay in it as best you can. If there is a mogul or an ice patch you want to avoid, or your lane suddenly gets steeper than you're comfortable with, or you need to take a break, slow down, look around (don't forget to check behind you) and carefully enter the other lane.
^Choose a side lane if you are tired or not the most experienced. Makes it easier to pull off and take breaks.
5. Respect the bubble of personal space. It's about 2 yards in any direction from a person's body and skis/snowboard. Keep your distance and no one gets hurt.
6. Ski with people, not against them. This means that if you are headed down the slope at approximately the same pace as someone else in an adjacent lane, make sure your paths are basically spooning each other, and not nearly colliding at every other turn. When your neighbor skis to the left, you ski to the left. When he skis right, you ski right. Pretty simple.
^Notice the two people to the far left. They are skiing with one another.
7. Don't spray people with snow when you pass them. It's just rude.
8. When small children cut you off or nearly give you a heart attack, don't yell at them. They probably don't know any better and they literally have no fear when it comes to launching themselves down a mountain. They're going to embarrass you with their stupidly low centers of gravity and that's just the reality. Don't be that guy who makes kids cry.
9. Respect the plows and service vehicles and stay out of their way. This one seems like it shouldn't need to be said but for some unfathomable reason, we see people who don't understand this. The snow groomer is massive, and if the guy driving it doesn't see you then you'll become pink piste confetti real fast. The plows/snow movers are also big, and can quickly turn you into a crushed ice burrito. If there is an emergency snowmobile racing up or down the mountain with its lights flashing, that means someone is hurt. Don't be that girl who holds up an ambulance. Nobody likes that girl.
People queuing nicely^ ^But don't do that
10. Finally, don't cut the line for the chair lift. Yes, Germans generally don't know how to queue but that does not mean you should sink to that level. Wait your turn, don't dawdle getting on the lift, and make sure your chair is balanced when you're getting on. Nobody likes a chair that's leaning precariously to one side; it just gives everyone the heeby-jeebies.
The future is quantum: Microsoft releases free preview of Quantum Development Kit
From left, Charles Marcus, Krysta Svore, Leo Kouwenhoven and Michael Freedman are leading Microsoft's quantum computing efforts. Photo by Brian Smale.
So you want to learn how to program a quantum computer. Now, there's a toolkit for that.
Microsoft is releasing a free preview version of its Quantum Development Kit, which includes the Q# programming language, a quantum computing simulator and other resources for people who want to start writing applications for a quantum computer. The Q# programming language was built from the ground up specifically for quantum computing.
The Quantum Development Kit, which Microsoft first announced at its Ignite conference in September, is designed for developers who are eager to learn how to program on quantum computers whether or not they are experts in the field of quantum physics.
It's deeply integrated into Visual Studio, Microsoft's suite of developer tools, so aspects of it will be familiar to people who are already developing applications in other programming languages. And it's designed to work with a local quantum simulator, also released as part of the kit, that can simulate around 30 logical qubits of quantum computing power using a typical laptop computer. That will allow developers to debug quantum code and test programs on small instances right on their own computers.
For larger-scale quantum challenges, Microsoft also is offering an Azure-based simulator that can simulate more than 40 logical qubits of computing power.
Along with the kit, Microsoft also is making a comprehensive suite of documentation, libraries and sample programs available. That will give people the background they need to start playing around with aspects of computing that are unique to quantum systems, such as quantum teleportation.
That's a method of securely sharing information across quantum computing bits, or qubits, that are connected by a quantum state called entanglement.
“The hope is that you play with something like teleportation and you get intrigued,” said Krysta Svore, a principal researcher at Microsoft who has led the development of the quantum software and simulator.
The kit will let people create applications that can run right now on the quantum simulator, and those same apps also will eventually work on a topological quantum computer, which Microsoft is in the process of developing for general purpose quantum computing.
“The beauty of it is that this code won't need to change when we plug it into the quantum hardware,” Svore said.
﻿
From artificial intelligence to climate change
Experts believe quantum computers could allow scientists to address some of the world's toughest challenges, such as world hunger or the dangerous effects of climate change. That's partly because quantum computers will be able to do calculations in hours or even minutes that would take the lifetime of the universe for even the most advanced classical computers in use today.
Quantum computers also are expected to help spur major advances in fields such as artificial intelligence.
For example, many of the current breakthroughs in AI are based in part on machine learning, in which a system is given a set of data and learns from that data to recognize things like words, sounds or objects.
With a quantum computing simulator, Svore said computer scientists are already seeing how they could create quantum algorithms for that type of AI research. In early testing on the simulator, they are seeing how these quantum algorithms could more quickly find more nuanced patterns in data, which could spur major advances in fields such as speech, vision or language recognition.
“It seems like there's a huge amount of potential there, and we're just scratching the surface,” Svore said.
Topological quantum computing
The Quantum Development Kit is part of Microsoft's plan to build a robust, full-fledged quantum computing system, which includes everything from the quantum computing hardware to the full software stack. The company's researchers also are working on projects focused on cryptography and security in a quantum computing world.
Microsoft's approach is centered on the development of a topological qubit, a more robust type of qubit that Microsoft's experts believe will provide a better basis for practical, scalable quantum computing.
One big challenge about quantum computing is that qubits are extremely finicky. They need to be stored at very low temperatures, for example, or they might be disturbed and destroyed.
Because they are so finicky, most approaches to building qubits require massive amounts of error correction, or techniques to ensure information is delivered reliably. With a topological qubit, error correction is built right into the physics of the qubit itself. That makes it easier to scale up and deliver reliable results, and to do computations that are orders of magnitude larger than is possible on a classical computer, with fewer qubits than other quantum systems.
It goes without saying that quantum physics is extremely complex, and even some of the smartest people in the world confess that quantum computing is hard for them to understand.
Todd Holmdahl, the corporate vice president in charge of Microsoft's quantum effort, noted that it's up to Microsoft to figure out the quantum physics – and then to deliver tools like the Quantum Development Kit that people without a quantum physics degree can use. The hope is that these tools will make the power of quantum computing accessible to many more people.
“What you're going to see as a developer is the opportunity to tie into tools that you already know well, services you already know well,” Holmdahl said. “There will be a twist with quantum computing, but it's our job to make it as easy as possible for the developers who know and love us to be able to use these new tools that could potentially do some things exponentially faster – which means going from a billion years on a classical computer to a couple hours on a quantum computer.”
Related:
Allison Linn is a senior writer at Microsoft. Follow her on Twitter.
NTSB investigators may not have traveled in support of this investigation and used data provided by various sources to prepare this aircraft accident report.
The flight instructor reported that she was sitting in the left seat observing the student, who was also a commercial rated pilot, flying from the right seat. The instructor reported that the student put the flaps down to 10 degrees on downwind and she was 'surprised.' He then put the gear down. She asked him why he had lowered the flaps prior to the gear. He responded that he had been taught to wait until descent to lower the gear. Turning final, she checked the flap handle, checked the gear lights, and noticed that the red warning light was off. She reported that she heard the gear warning horn during the landing flare and the next thing she remembered was 'stopping and staring at the bent prop. The student reported that he had performed a 'mental GUMPS check' and was 'distracted.' Examination of the airplane revealed no evidence of preimpact malfunction.
NEW DELHI: China might have sprung to Pakistan's defence after the world reacted with anger and disbelief at al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden 's secret life some 115 km from Islamabad, but Wikileaks' Gitmo files show its ally provided training grounds to Uighurs rebelling against Beijing.In keeping with it being an "all weather" ally of Pakistan and as part of its bid to check India, China rallied behind Islamabad but some of the terrorist organizations that used the porous Pak-Afghan border to their advantage include the East Turkestan Islamic Movement that opposes Chinese "discrimination".Files of 22 Uighur detainees at Gitmo, many of whom were held in Pakistan, speak of the ease with which they found their way to extremists mosques in Pakistan and their passage to Afghanistan. They vent their ire against Chinese rule and claim the rules for Uighurs were discriminatory.Along with the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, the Chinese rebels hoped to form a larger jihadi front that would be allied with the al-Qaida as well. The rebels saw Beijing as a foreign and un-Islamic implant with one detainee Ahmad Yuqub complaining that Chinese rulers did not permit farmers to plant crops of their choice.While Yaqub was reportedly a leading member of the East Turkestan Movement, he was believed to have worked with Osama and fought the coalition forces at Tora Bora.Beijing is concerned about the Islamic insurgency in east Turkistan, but it banks on Pakistan cracking down on Uighurs. China's state-controlled political and administrative system allows it to cut off areas where rebellion breaks out and deal with insurgents without having to bother about the prying eyes of the world media.But as the linkages that emerge from the Gitmo files show, there are several ports of call for Uighurs in Pakistan and access to arms training is not so difficult. Groups of Uighurs have frequently travelled to and from Pakistan to countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Kyrgystan.
A lot of attention has been paid within the vegan community to the terrible harm associated with the production of palm oil. With a food industry that has recently begun to move away from the use of partially hydrogenated oils in light of the serious hazard they pose to human health, the demand for trans-fat free oils has caused a boom in the palm oil industry—an industry which was already thriving given the many applications for palm oil and its derivatives in the cosmetic, cleaning supply and chemical industries, among others. Many vegans are now aware that in response to this growing demand for palm oil, tropical rain forests in Southeast Asia are being decimated in order to make way for palm oil plantations, destroying vital habitat for the animals living in these forests. The United Nations Environment Programme has announced that palm oil plantations are now the leading cause of rainforest destruction in Malaysia and Indonesia. Deforestation for the establishment of palm oil plantations is responsible for habitat loss of the Asian elephant, tiger, Sumatran rhinoceros and the orangutan. But even worse is the fate suffered by those animals who are found eating palm fruit on these plantations, cutting into plantation profits. They are shot, beaten to death and even set on fire.
News of the atrocities associated with palm oil production has inspired some vegans to reject the use of palm oil, and that includes the use of vegan butters which contain it. With a compassionate, DIY spirit, many intrepid vegans have experimented with making homemade vegan butter, based not on palm fruit, but that darling of the vegan and raw food communities alike, coconut oil.
Likewise concerned about issues relating to palm oil production and inspired by their example, we committed to creating a recipe for our own palm oil-free, vegan butter that we would offer in the upcoming third edition of our cookbook, All American Vegan. But before we did so, we did a little research to ensure that in offering people an alternative to vegan butter based on palm oil with one based on coconut oil, we weren't simply encouraging the use of one ethically problematic tropical oil for another. Sure enough, what we discovered about the production of coconut oil is deeply troubling: the use of monkeys to harvest coconuts; pig-tailed macaques to be exact.
Agile and adept climbers, such monkeys—native to coconut growing regions in Southeast Asia—are capable of harvesting several hundred more coconuts a day than a human can; reports vary widely has to how many coconuts a day one monkey can pick, ranging from 300 to 1,000. Monkeys are chained by the neck and trained to pick only ripe coconuts and are then forced to do so, day in, day out and all day long. They are trained at monkey training facilities one visitor described as such, “The primitive, primate campus, a simple, open sided shed,” contains, “individual, meter high stakes, driven into the dirt floor… Onto each perch is tethered a solitary monkey by collar and chain. There are a dozen such perches, each one just out of reach of its neighbor.” During training and beyond, the monkeys are tethered or caged 24/7, sometimes with little to no opportunity for socialization. Where do these monkeys come from? According to one monkey handler, “Sometimes the monkeys are offspring of berok (already trained monkeys); sometimes they are caught on the forest with nets or traps. Often though, nursing mothers are shot and their babies are taken.”
Harvesting coconuts with this method is prevalent throughout Southeast Asia, including Thailand, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and Indonesia, nations that together account for much of the world's coconut production. Indonesia is the number one coconut producing nation in the world, producing over 18 million tons of coconuts annually. Some reports also suggest that due to a labor shortage in Kerela, India where coconut palms are grown, harvesting coconuts with monkeys may begin occurring there, as well. Picking coconuts is difficult, dangerous, labor intensive work, something younger generations of Indians are becoming increasingly unwilling to do.
Unfortunately, much of the reporting you will find on this issue approaches it from a disturbing “entertainment” angle in which the subjugation and forced labor of primates is treated as a curious, amusing oddity rather what it really is: exploitation of highly intelligent individuals. Instead of living fulfilling, autonomous lives in deference to their natural instincts and will—lives that would include social interaction with others of their kind, mating, raising young, moving about freely and resting whenever they choose—these monkeys spend their lives in endless toil and forced obedience to the will of humans. Monkey training facilities are popular destinations for tourists, so much of the information available about the lives of these monkeys is whitewashed for the purpose of encouraging that tourism, glossing over the grueling labor and often dangerous conditions the monkeys are forced to endure, including climbing tall trees over and over again during the course of a day, retrieving fallen coconuts from thick brush, retrieving coconut cutting tools for their handlers that include long, sharp blades, and loading hundreds of coconuts onto trucks which then transport them from picking location to picking location. And though many articles about these monkeys contain quotes from handlers who state that they care about their animals, it is impossible to square such assurances with the long hours, hard labor, constant shackling and lack of autonomy these animals are forced to endure day in and day out for no personal benefit. It is, in a word, slavery. And as human nature and history demonstrate again and again—where there is a profit to be made on the backs of non-humans, those backs are strained and often broken.
And by all accounts, the increasing popularity of coconuts, coconut oil and its various derivatives means that things are only going to get worse for these animals. According to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, “World coconut oil production has been increasing over the past decade” and coconut production worldwide now stands at 62 million tons a year. Nor has this trend escaped the vegan and health food communities, in which the use of coconuts has become ubiquitous: in raw food dishes, vegan cheeses, and the current rage for coconut water.
In light of the conflict between the humane values motivating so many to embrace a vegan diet and the treatment coconut harvesting macaques are forced to endure, we wanted to bring this issue to greater attention and to welcome any additional information about this issue that might exist. We also wanted to report that unless our current search for coconut products made exclusively from coconuts exported by countries where there are no macaques—such as Mexico—bears fruit (we will post on Facebook if it does), our upcoming third edition of All American Vegan will no longer include recipes for Coconut Cream Pie and Coconut Whipped Topping. We welcome your input.
To see photos and video of coconut-picking monkeys, click here and here and here and here.
Click here for an article that shows how the coconut industry is build on the backs of abused primate slave labor.
Watch a video showing the cruel training of a pig-tailed macaques to pick coconuts harvested anywhere is SouthEast Asia by clicking here.
Click here for a video of a heartbreaking explanation of this cruel process, one that involves stealing baby primates from their mothers who are shot, then chaining them by the neck and beating them into submission.
Addendum:
When we first found out about this, we began writing to companies that produce plant-based products to inquire about their coconuts. We were naive. Instead of asking them where they sourced their coconuts, we asked them if their suppliers used primate labor. Every company we reached out to, except Beyond Meat which simply did not respond to numerous requests, claimed they were primate-labor free. And yet, since Southeast Asia supplies 85% of the world's coconuts and virtually all the plantations there use primate labor, the casual assurances became dubious. Coconut industry spokesmen admit that such a claim is “hard to believe” since, in Thailand like other Southeast Asia countries, monkeys pick 99 percent of the coconuts harvested. So we stopped buying coconut products sourced from anywhere outside the Americas (where macaques do not exist).
Roughly 30 years ago, we became vegan because we did not want to contribute to hurting animals. For the same reason, we no longer buy products with coconuts sourced from Southeast Asia.
For those who use coconut oil, coconut butter/cream, coconut milk, and shredded coconut in recipes, you can feel confident buying from The Pure Way and A De Coco. All of the products are sourced from Mexico.
————-
Follow-on Facebook: www.facebook.com/allamericanvegan
Buy the book: All American Vegan
Anyone that's a fan of animated Japanese robots has probably dreamed of building one. After (hopefully quickly) realizing that this just wasn't going to happen, making a model might have been a better option. For those of us that don't have the patience or steady hand to paint a plastic model, Legos might seem like a good robot-building option.
Unfortunately, Legos don't normally lend themselves well to building a humanoid Mecha robot. If, however, you are able 3D Print a frame for the pieces to fit on, things become a lot simpler, as shown in the video below. You can download the files for these prints from Thingiverse, or directly from the creator, Hero Design Studio.
According to the io9 article where this was originally seen, these models stand at an impressive 11 inches tall, and are ready to be posed however you like.
Certainly one would need a lot of skill and a huge number of Lego bricks to make a decent looking suit like the “Snow Fox” in the video. I have a feeling that if I tried this, it would end up looking more like an exploded gray castle. On the other hand, why would it have to look like a “Mecha?” Using this frame, your creature could be anything you like, as long as it's vaguely humanoid!
CLOSE IndyCar drivers Juan Pablo Montoya and Oriel Servia test the 2018 Aero Kit at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Clark Wade/IndyStar
Buy Photo Juan Pablo Montoya drives the new IndyCar during testing for the 2018 Verizon IndyCar Series Aero Kit at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Tuesday, July 25, 2017. (Photo: Michelle Pemberton/IndyStar)Buy Photo
LEXINGTON, Ohio — The 2018 Indy car, which debuted Tuesday at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, is a critical step in enhancing the safety of the Verizon IndyCar Series. There's little debate about that, IndyCar president Mark Miles told IndyStar recently. But while the most notable safety feature of the new car — the vastly improved side-impact protection — is significant, Miles had hoped Tuesday's test at IMS also would have served as the world's introduction to another, long-talked about safety feature: IndyCar's windscreen prototype.
To Miles' disappointment, Tuesday came and went without a windscreen or “aero screen” for the racing world to behold. IndyCar's prototype is not ready to be tested, Miles said, and he is unsure when it will be.
More: Insider: Penske poised to rule at Mid-Ohio and other things I think
IndyCar likely to continue racing in Long Beach
'Sexy, sleek' 2018 Indy cars hit track for first time
What he does know is that while there are many obstacles to overcome, he and IndyCar have the support of the majority of the paddock. That's important, because Formula One is dealing with some blowback over its introduction of the “halo,” which will be used by the European-based open-wheel series starting in 2018. The cockpit safety device is designed to protect drivers from impact with other cars, flying debris and contact with other trackside elements.
However, F1's ranks appear to be split on the halo. Some drivers have deemed the device ugly and unseemly, saying it does not belong on an F1 car, while others have applauded the sport's attempt to mitigate danger.
Though he's not sure an IndyCar windscreen would evoke unanimous praise, Miles anticipates that the majority of drivers would feel the same way as Simon Pagenaud, who is in favor of its implementation as soon as possible.
“I think it's fantastic that we're going that way for protection,” the defending series champion said recently. “Safety has evolved so much these days that that remains the critical area for fatal injury. I think IndyCar is showing that they really want to go in that direction. I think it should be embraced, really, from the drivers, from everybody. The new car obviously has got this design.”
IndyCar president of competition Jay Frye confirmed Pagenaud's statement before Tuesday's test, saying that the 2018 car has been designed to incorporate the application of an aero screen. Frye said he and his team anticipate testing a prototype before the end of the year.
“But when we get it on, we want to make sure we've got it right,” Frye said. “We want to make sure it's ready to go, and again, at that point, then we'll decide is it an '18, '19, or are we going to use it in the future. If we're going to use it in the future, we want to make sure we're ready, and when the product is actually done and designed, developed, we'll actually be ready to put on a car.”
CLOSE Race insider Jim Ayello looks a new 2018 IndyCar aero kit. (July 2017) Clark Wade/IndyStar
That day, while on the horizon, is not imminent.
Graham Rahal, who is among the biggest proponents of the 2018 IndyCar, said that he has faith Frye and his team will come up with a viable solution, but also warns that it will take time, as there are dozens of variables to manage.
Distortion is among the biggest concerns drivers have, Rahal said. Any windscreen, which he favors above F1's halo, cannot impair a driver's vision in any way.
“Jay has been working on this since Justin's (Wilson) accident," Rahal said of Wilson's fatal crash at Pocono Raceway in 2015. "I know he's been pretty quiet about that. But the key is clarity, distortion, size. You know, there are a lot of elements that go into this. I think that's what people forget. I think we saw that with (F1 driver Sebastian) Vettel recently, who tried it. The shape of the windscreen, you could tell by looking at it that the distortion would be bad. ... When you're looking out of the side of a windscreen, if it's distorted, it can be a problem. When you go on an oval, that can be problem.
Distortion is only the beginning. Any windscreen would have to be strong enough to withstand impacts of major collisions. Aerodynamics, heat and the safety team's ability to work around the screen to extricate a driver from a wrecked car are other important factors to consider.
It's very complicated, but Miles is optimistic IndyCar is heading down the right path. Pagenaud added that he expects drivers to have problems with windscreens initially, but that time and innovation eventually will quell concerns.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“When I drove sports cars in Le Mans, the first time I drove a closed car with the windshield, the vision was a little distorted, but you get used to it after a while,” Pagenaud said. “You adjust, and after six months, you don't realize it's there anymore. It's going to have to be part of it, and we're all going to have to adjust to it.
“We're going to put (a prototype) on track, drive it, and evolve from it, from the baseline, and then improve it,” Pagenaud said. “I think that's the key. ... Hopefully, we'll get it tested soon."
Follow IndyStar Motor Sports Insider Jim Ayello on Twitter and Instagram: @jimayello.
Generally, the purpose of breathing meditation is to calm the mind and develop inner peace. We can use breathing meditations alone or as a preliminary practice to reduce our distractions before engaging in a Lamrim meditation
A Simple Breathing Meditation
The first stage of meditation is to stop distractions and make our mind clearer and more lucid. This can be accomplished by practising a simple breathing meditation. We choose a quiet place to meditate and sit in a comfortable position. We can sit in the traditional cross-legged posture or in any other position that is comfortable. If we wish, we can sit in a chair. The most important thing is to keep our back straight to prevent our mind from becoming sluggish or sleepy.
The first stage of meditation is to stop distractions and make our mind clearer and more lucid.
We sit with our eyes partially closed and turn our attention to our breathing. We breathe naturally, preferably through the nostrils, without attempting to control our breath, and we try to become aware of the sensation of the breath as it enters and leaves the nostrils. This sensation is our object of meditation. We should try to concentrate on it to the exclusion of everything else.
At first, our mind will be very busy, and we might even feel that the meditation is making our mind busier; but in reality we are just becoming more aware of how busy our mind actually is. There will be a great temptation to follow the different thoughts as they arise, but we should resist this and remain focused single-pointedly on the sensation of the breath. If we discover that our mind has wandered and is following our thoughts, we should immediately return it to the breath. We should repeat this as many times as necessary until the mind settles on the breath.
Benefits of Meditation
If we practise patiently in this way, gradually our distracting thoughts will subside and we will experience a sense of inner peace and relaxation. Our mind will feel lucid and spacious and we will feel refreshed. When the sea is rough, sediment is churned up and the water becomes murky, but when the wind dies down the mud gradually settles and the water becomes clear. In a similar way, when the otherwise incessant flow of our distracting thoughts is calmed through concentrating on the breath, our mind becomes unusually lucid and clear. We should stay with this state of mental calm for a while.
Even though breathing meditation is only a preliminary stage of meditation, it can be quite powerful. We can see from this practice that it is possible to experience inner peace and contentment just by controlling the mind, without having to depend at all upon external conditions.
So much of the stress and tension we normally experience comes from our mind
When the turbulence of distracting thoughts subsides and our mind becomes still, a deep happiness and contentment naturally arises from within. This feeling of contentment and well-being helps us to cope with the busyness and difficulties of daily life. So much of the stress and tension we normally experience comes from our mind, and many of the problems we experience, including ill health, are caused or aggravated by this stress.
Just by doing breathing meditation for ten or fifteen minutes each day, we will be able to reduce this stress. We will experience a calm, spacious feeling in the mind, and many of our usual problems will fall away. Difficult situations will become easier to deal with, we will naturally feel warm and well disposed towards other people, and our relationships with others will gradually improve.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcmI6UnR4ggResidents of a southern Israeli town want a real-life laser cannon to protect them against Palestinian rocket attacks. And they're suing the national government, for failing to provide the ray gun defense.
From 1996 to 2005, the U.S. and Israeli governments worked together on the Tactical High Energy Laser project, considered by many to be the most successful energy weapon ever built. During tests at the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico, the chemical-powered laser blasted 46 Katyusha rockets, artillery shells and mortars out of the sky. (Check out the video, to the right.) "All my career, I've been interested in fielding lasers," Jeff Sollee, a veteran Northrop Grumman laser scientist, told me a few years back. "THEL was as close as they come."
But generating the megawatts of laser power required for THEL – known in Israel as "Nautilus" – meant brewing up hundreds of gallons of toxic chemicals, like ethylene and nitrogen trifluoride. The weapons grew bulky; one proposed small-scale version was supposed to be kept in a mere eight cargo containers, each 40 feet long. A mobile THEL, on just a couple of trucks, proved to be too complex, and too expensive to contemplate. Worse, after a few shots, the lasers would have to be resupplied with a fresh batch of reactants. The logistics of hauling those toxins either through the air or across a battlefield made generals shiver. Israel eventually dropped out of the program. Then America did, too, turning its focus instead to solid-state, electric lasers.
Now, Northrop is pushing an upgraded THEL, under the name SkyGuard, which it says can fit into just three cargo containers. Newspapers have been howling for the government to put the laser defenses in place; the volume has only gone up since Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks against northern Israel in 2006, and since Hamas started firing longer-range rockets at southern Israel earlier this year. But the Israeli military has said that the sci-fi-esque system is still not ready for a real-world deployment.
So a group of citizens of Sderot, which has been hit by Hamas' rockets in recent weeks, is trying to force the government to set up the energy weapon defense – by taking prominent officials to court. They're suing Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Defense Minister Ehud Barak, among others, for not adequately protecting the people of the Negev desert town. "The failure to utilize the currently available and inexpensive 'Nautilus' systems is gross negligence on the government and IDF's part ... result[ing] in the murder and injuring of dozens of residents of Sderot. The IDF [Israeli Defense Forces] has completely breached its duty to protect the Negev's civilians," reads a press release from the Shurat HaDin Israel Law Center, which filed the suit.
But Center director Nitsana Darshan-Leitner seems a little confused about some of the specifics of the laser system. She claims it "shot down Katyushas, Kassams and bombs with 100 percent success." Not quite. Yes, it did zap some 46 targets. But, overall, “its performance was not great,” Penrose C. Albright, a former Pentagon official who helped initiate the project, told The New York Times. “Under certain conditions you can make it work. But under salvo or cloudy conditions, you've got problems."
Darshan-Leitner also asserts that the old THEL is "just sitting there in New Mexico... There is a way to take it apart, bring it to Israel and rebuild it. A company
[you gotta figure it's Northrop – ed.] told me that it would take no longer than five or six months. It would cost around 50 million dollars to rebuild it, but there would be unlimited protection." The laser is, in fact, in storage in New Mexico. But that $50 million figure is about a third of what Northrop has said previously it would take to build a laser system. And, as Yiftah S. Shapir, a Tel Aviv University military analyst told The New York Times: "one guerrilla with a rocket launcher could fire 40 Katyushas in less than a minute, easily overwhelming most any defense."
Darshan-Leitner isn't just suing Israelis, however:
"We filed suit on behalf of forty Sderot residents who lost loved ones in Kassam rocket attacks," Darshan-Leitner said. "They're suing
Egypt for helping the terrorist organizations smuggle weapons, bombs, oil and people into the Gaza Strip and Israel. Since Egypt is considered a co-participant, it is responsible for damages incurred during these attacks." "Egypt has a relationship with Israel and
America," Darshan-Leitner said. "I don't think the Egyptian government will refuse to pay."
ALSO:
: BJP general secretary Kailash Vijayvargiya on Thursday warned that people who disrespect the nation won't be spared.“India will soon be a member of UN security council. And Pakistan and some other powers don't want that. We won't let anyone tarnish nation's image. Be it anyone,” he said.People who disrespect the nation won't be spared, he said.Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Kailash Vijayvargiya on Wednesday retracted his controversial ‘Bharat Virodhi' remark for Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan, saying it was not intended to ‘hurt anyone's sentiments'.“If India was ‘intolerant' then Khan would not be the most popular actor in the nation after Amitabh Bachchan. My tweet has been taken out of context. However, I take back what I said since I had no intention to hurt anyone's sentiment,” Vijayvargiya tweeted.Vijayvargiya had earlier called Shah Rukh Khan an “anti-nationalist” and condemned him over his “extreme intolerance” comment, saying his “soul” was in Pakistan though he lives in India.“Shah Rukh lives in India, but his soul is in Pakistan. His films make crores here but he thinks India to be intolerant,” he said in a series of tweets amid mounting concerns over the “growing intolerance” in the country.“If this is not anti-nationalist, then what is it? India is making a bid to become a permanent member of the United Nations and all the anti-Indian forces, including Pakistan, are creating a conspiracy,” he said.The BJP leader had earlier come under sharp criticism from the Opposition for his comments.“Shah Rukh comes from a family of freedom fighters. How can he become a ‘Pakistani' when his family fought for the freedom of this country? On the other hand, none of your family members have fought for the freedom of this country and you call yourself patriot?” Congress leader Rashid Alvi told ANI.Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should personally apologise to SRK.Shah Rukh had openly stated that there was an “extreme intolerance” in the country, saying intolerance towards creativity and religion will hurt the country.“There is intolerance, there is extreme intolerance… there is I think… there is growing intolerance,” he said.
Mr. Hussein, as he has at other moments when the court heard accounts of atrocities against civilians, listened impassively, showing little more than a bookkeeper's interest. The former Iraqi leader, who is 69, took copious notes, and offered only brief, mostly matter-of-fact comments.
At one point, he demanded to know the precise geographic coordinates of the exhumed graves, and their proximity to main roads. He added that the court should not take his interest in the details as an acknowledgment that he or his co-defendants “had anything to do” with the killings.
At no point did he express remorse or pity. If his mind was on violent death, his remarks suggested that it might have been in anticipation of his own, as much as because of what had happened to the Kurds.
On Nov. 7, Mr. Hussein and two associates were sentenced to death in another case, involving the execution of 148 men and boys from the Shiite town of Dujail. Testimony in that case ended last summer as the Anfal case began.
The Dujail sentences are subject to an automatic appeal, scheduled to begin Monday before the nine-judge appeal bench of the Iraqi High Tribunal, the court trying Mr. Hussein. If the sentence against him is upheld, he could go to the gallows sometime between mid-January and mid-March, even before a verdict in the Anfal trial, according to Iraqi court officials, who have held doggedly to three or four sessions of the Anfal trial each week despite the intensifying sectarian violence that has shaken Iraq in recent weeks.
A hint that execution may be preying on his mind came when Mr. Hussein referred, after the forensic testimony in the Anfal case, to the “accelerated” schedule the court appeared to be following.
Photo
Another hint came in the brief prayer he uttered as he began his challenge to the testimony. “Praise be to Allah, the most merciful, the most compassionate,” he said, before adding a sentence: “May he grant that we all die as Muslims.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Parts of the forensic experts' story had been told before, on visits by reporters to the grave sites, and to the American-run forensics laboratory at Baghdad airport where the mass graves team did much of its work. But this was the first time that the men accused of directing the killings — Mr. Hussein and six co-defendants, including Ali Hassan al-Majid, known among Iraqis as Chemical Ali for his role in chemical weapons attacks against the Kurds — had been confronted in open court with details of what happened at the mass graves.
The principal forensic witness was Michael K. Trimble, a 53-year-old forensic archaeologist from St. Louis temporarily assigned to the court from his career as a civilian employee of the Army Corps of Engineers. He told of finding tangled piles of victims, many with eyes blindfolded, wrists bound, and roped together chain-gang style; of one mother lying in death with her right hand clutching a baby in a padded blanket, who like the mother had been killed with a single pistol shot to the head; and of another mother with the bones of an unborn child that remained folded in her dress as her body decomposed.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Trimble, director of an international mass graves team, described other features of the killings: how men were separated from women and children before being herded in groups into the wedge-shaped pits; how some victims were forced to squat beside the graves while awaiting pistol shots to the backs of their heads; how others, standing in the pits, including girls as young as 5, were raked with automatic fire that had some raising arms and hands defensively, then “twisting and turning and trying to get away.”
Mr. Trimble gave figures indicating that at one mass grave, south of Samawa in Iraq's southern desert, more than 600 automatic rifle rounds had been used to kill the 114 victims, 85 of them children, and that 12 of the dead had been struck by between 13 and 22 bullets each.
At two mass graves near Hatra, southwest of the northern city of Mosul, he said, a quarter of the 25 women killed and a similar proportion of the 98 children who died suffered no gunshot wounds, suggesting, though Mr. Trimble did not say so, that some may have been buried alive.
Among both adults and children at the Samawa site, he said, the largest number of bullets struck the victims' legs, along with other strikes that shattered their skulls, spines, ribs, arms and hands. Mr. Trimble said the ballistic evidence conformed with something seen at mass grave sites elsewhere in the world, that the killers often squat and fire first at the victims' legs. “And there's a reason,” he said. “When you shoot people in the legs, and bring them down, it's much easier to dispatch them.”
Another feature common to all 17 mass graves the forensic team examined, he said, was that the killers chose remote desert sites, hidden from distant view by ridges and hills. The purpose, he said, was so “people coming across the desert could not see” the power shovels, vehicles and execution squads. Another common feature, he said, was that the killers excavated the graves in dried-up desert watercourses called wadis, because the soft earth made the digging easier.
Prosecutors say documentary evidence still to be presented will link the victims found in the mass grave sites to villages attacked during the campaign, and to survivors who waited for the graves' exhumation to know the fate of those whom they had lost.
Mr. Hussein's lawyers have dismissed the prosecution case, saying that what happened to the Kurds occurred while Iraq was fighting an eight-year war with Iran, and that actions against the Kurds were justified by Kurdish support for Iran.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Referring to Mr. Trimble's background, he said the court should order a new forensic inquiry led by “an international expert who has no relationship with the enemy or the enemy's army.” This expert, he said, could concentrate on “other mass graves that I hear have not been dug up,” and offer unbiased conclusions. “I suggest this because those who hear that this expert is an American, especially Iraqis, will have every reason to be suspicious about his findings,” he said.
Mr. Hussein shared his impervious attitude toward the Kurdish killings with Mr. Majid, a cousin of Mr. Hussein who was in overall charge of the Anfal campaign during its height in 1988. Mr. Majid, too, seemed intent on the lesser details of the case. Why had the Kurdish-style clothing taken from the victims, shown draped on mannequins in photographs displayed in court, not decayed more extensively, he asked. How many identification cards did the forensic team recover from the victims? And why had the forensic team given the court none of the names of the victims?
When the trial judge, Mohammed Ureibi al-Khalifa, grew impatient with the questions raised by Mr. Hussein and Mr. Majid, saying many of them had been answered in a report that had been delivered to the defendants' lawyers, Mr. Majid, once one of the most widely feared men in Iraq, adopted a tone of injured innocence. “I have every right to defend myself,” he said. “But, of course, if your honor court deems it right to deprive me of my rights, then I will not trouble the court any further.”
WASHINGTON — In recent months, one of the key issues relating to transgender rights that has come up in public debate is that of out transgender military service. A leading trans legal scholar, however, tells BuzzFeed the focus is "likely to harm" other progress sought by the transgender community and is coming at "the whims of a few wealthy donors."
From the decision by former Navy SEAL Kristin Beck, to come out as trans to the announcement by Chelsea Manning that she also is trans, trans military issues have received more attention than ever before. Also affecting the dynamic is the decision by Jennifer Natalya Pritzker, a former colonel in the Illinois Army National Guard who has since come out as trans, to back a $1.35 million donation to the Palm Center to study transgender military service.
For Dean Spade, who is trans and a leading left legal scholar on transgender and other inequality issues, the attention being paid to the military issues is part of a disturbing trend.
"Here's the problem: Trans people, trans organizations, the trans movement did not choose this battle," Spade noted. "[O]ne very wealthy individual has picked this issue and is funding advocacy about it."
Spade founded the Sylvia Rivera Law Project to provide legal help to trans, intersex and/or gender nonconforming people, regardless of income or race and has been an outspoken opponent of the military and criminal justice systems in the country — a position Spade links to his work to advance social, gender and racial justice. He also is an associate professor at the Seattle University School of Law who is currently a fellow in the Engaging Tradition Project at Columbia Law School and previously worked as a Williams Institute Law Teaching Fellow at UCLA Law School and Harvard Law School.
In an email discussion with BuzzFeed, Spade sought to push back against the recent focus on trans military service:
So, what's going on here?
Dean Spade: The U.S. military has recently lifted the ban on women in combat and begun to let lesbians and gay men serve openly. Some see these changes as advances for equality, and some have identified the remaining exclusion of trans people from military service as a next target to change. Many universities are letting the military recruit on campus again now that it no longer officially discriminates against gay and lesbian employees, but on some campuses controversy is erupting because the ban on trans service has not yet been resolved. As the nation and world ponder U.S. military intervention in Syria, the LGBT movement in the U.S. is divided about its views about military service and U.S. militarism.
Why, in your view, is this issue reaching the headlines?
DS: This issue will continue filling headlines. But not because military service is the most pressing concern facing trans populations or the thing trans people want most. It is because one very wealthy individual has picked this issue and is funding advocacy about it — putting more money toward trans military inclusion than is currently devoted to any other trans issue.
That individual is Col. Jennifer Natalya Pritzker, billionaire heir to the Hyatt Hotel fortune. In August, Col. Pritzker came out as trans publicly. The Pritzker family, which includes Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, are true 1-percenters. Colonel Pritzker, along with 10 other members of her family, are listed in the Forbes list of the "400 Richest Americans."
Col. Pritzker enthusiastically supports the U.S. military. She founded the Tawani Foundation, a "grant-making organization whose mission is: to enhance the awareness and understanding of the importance of the Citizen Soldier; to preserve unique sites of significance to American and military history; to foster health and wellness projects for improved quality of life; and to honor the service of military personnel, past, present and future."
In July, the Tawani Foundation awarded a $1.35 million grant to the Palm Center at UCLA to launch a multi-year research initiative about trans military inclusion. The Palm Center released a call for proposals outlining questions related to trans military service it was ready to fund researchers to examine and has already commissioned several studies. It is not yet clear whether Tawani is also funding other organizations to do work related to trans military inclusion.
As pressure grows to end the horror of FGM, it's becoming clear that the last word may lie with potential husbands
So we have at last some serious public concern about that horror which we now rightly call FGM – female genital mutilation. Too often it has gone under the name of "female circumcision", which makes it sound as innocuous as what's done to baby boys, but its actual purpose has been stated as "the control of women's libido".
The only even slightly consoling thing I've ever read on the subject was an item in this magazine about the things which can, in good circumstances, go some way towards repairing the outrageous damage, though how efficacious this restoration can be is not certain.
But how can it be stopped? It really should not be regarded as a women's issue only, though the bizarre aspect of it is that it's other women, "cutters", who actually do the deed. Maybe the men have to be brought into the argument to get the whole notion abandoned. (Here's one radical suggestion, not necessarily mine: that for every baby girl who suffers FGM, the law should demand the castration of a senior member of the family concerned. I realise that this is not very likely to gain public approval).
It may be, paradoxically, that only by involving men's desires can it be stopped; only if it is seen to make a girl less attractive to potential husbands will the mothers, ever anxious to marry off their daughters, refuse to let it happen. So men – over to you.
What do you think? Have you said below
Share. Find out what inspired the sci-fi comedy and why it isn't really the end. Find out what inspired the sci-fi comedy and why it isn't really the end.
Back in December, IGN visited the set of The World's End, the third and final installment in Edgar Wright, Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's ‘Three Flavours Cornetto' trilogy.
Following in the footsteps of Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz, the film is a high-concept comedy, this time revolving around five friends endeavouring to complete the epic pub crawl that they failed as teenagers.
As with the previous two films, there's a twist however, with The World's End turning scary and sci-fi tinged in its second half. We won't reveal the exact nature of the threat that the boys face here, but we will tell you 13 things we learned while speaking to Edgar, Simon and Nick on set…
Exit Theatre Mode
It all began with Crawl...
Edgar: I had written a script when I was 21 that was called ‘Crawl' that was about teenagers on a pub crawl in Somerset. I never did anything with it, but it had always been in the back of my mind. In 2007 I remember reading about Superbad and reading the good reviews of that, and thinking ‘I wish I'd done that Crawl idea sometime.' Then I remember sitting on a plane – I think I was on a plane from Wellington to Sydney. We'd just been to do the press for Hot Fuzz. And I remember suggesting to Simon that that would be just a prologue, and it would be about those characters as adults trying to do the same thing. So it started off as that thing of trying to do a pub crawl that you did as a teenager, which I tried to do in my hometown and failed miserably. So I had that experience. I think Wells – which is where we shot Hot Fuzz – has something like 13 pubs, and then maybe after seven I completely blacked out. I had a really bad, crazy night. So it's sort of inspired by that.
Simon: We had the idea for the longest time. And it was called The World's End from the very beginning. The final pub in the crawl is called The World's End, which is a popular pub name in the UK.
In spite of the subject matter, the cast doesn't actually drink...
Simon: I don't drink any more. Eddie [Marsan] doesn't drink. Martin [Freeman] doesn't really drink. Paddy [Considine] doesn't drink that much. Nick [Frost] will have the odd one if he's allowed, and I don't drink at all. So what looks like a film that's all about drinking, it's actually pretty anti-drinking.
Edgar: It turns from a pub crawl into a pub run at some point, and only Simon's character is really taking part any more. He's the only one still drinking at a certain point. The other guys have gone off the idea of drinking but Simon's character continues to tick the names off the map.
The film is about friendship, but with a twist...
Nick: It's what happens if strong relationships you had as a teenager don't evolve.
Edgar: The film is essentially about a guy who was the cool kid at school trying to recapture his former glory in increasingly dire circumstances.
Nick: It is about friendship, but it's also potentially about the end of friendships. And what happens when a group of five men leave one another to get married, or move away, or have kids. And suddenly when you're hanging out for five, six days a week, that becomes once every six months potentially. And it's about how everyone left, except Gary King.
Exit Theatre Mode
It's darker than the previous two films...
Edgar: Shaun was based on ourselves. Hot Fuzz was based on the place we grew up in. But this is going back to shadows of ourselves. The darker sides. It's darker and sillier at the same time. It's darker in terms of where the characters have been, but some of the dialogue is extremely silly.
Simon: I think this film is the silliest we've done. It's got the silliest jokes. I feel like it's the funniest – when the five of us have been together it's been uproarious. But it also has the darkest, most grown-up subtext of them all. It's about addiction and about obsession and loss.
Edgar: We wanted something that had a slightly different tone to the other two. I think when people see them they'll hopefully feel like a piece – all three films. But they've all got slightly different tonal qualities.
It isn't a spoof...
Simon: We kind of became known as the guys who do the movies of the movies. That was never anything we really wanted to do. We're not spoofers. We're not interested in making fun of anything. Shaun of the Dead is a zombie film that just happens to be a comedy. Just because it's a comedy, doesn't make it a spoof. Hot Fuzz is about a guy who has to learn to become an action hero. The big thrust of Nick's character in that film is that he loves action movies, so naturally it has self-referential and exterior references to other films. With this film we didn't want to make any references to any other films, including our own. There are little tiny things in there.
Edgar: There's not too many in-jokes. And there are some running gags that don't appear in this one because we thought we'd done those in Hot Fuzz, and you don't want to seem like you are doing a victory lap. So we haven't done too many of the runners. There's a couple of them, but not many. We sort of tried to shy away from that. There aren't too many film references either. It's in a genre but it isn't nodding to too many things. The genre aspect to it is almost a back-drop. The characters take over, so it's a bit more like Shaun in that respect.
Simon: You won't find a reference in this film. I think we mention one film – Aliens – but that's in a conversation that has nothing to do with anything. There are no shots recreated from anything. If anything, what we've been inspired by in terms of our source material is literary fiction like British social science fiction like John Wyndham or Isaac Asimov or Ray Bradbury or Aldous Huxley.
Simon and Nick are playing against type...
Edgar: Simon's character Gary King is very different in this one, because he's much more the wild card. He's sort of like the Tasmanian Devil in the middle of it, whereas in Shaun and Hot Fuzz he's more like the Jack Lemmon-ish straight man. In this he's a force of nature. He's almost like the hero and the villain at the same time.
Simon: We didn't want to have that thing again where my character was the serious one around which Nick's character does a comedy dance. And I think just in terms of challenging ourselves we wanted to mix it up a bit. Danny and Ed are to some degree both emotionally dependent on Shaun and Nick. Whereas Andy Knightley is not like that at all with Gary. It's the other way round really.
Nick: I play Andy Knightley who's a big-wig in the world of corporate law. I've left these guys behind. I'm really successful. My name is above the door of my firm, and I think I've largely forgotten about Simon's character until he pops up out of the blue after 20 odd years. It shakes my foundations and forces me to go back and hang out with the guys.
Exit Theatre Mode
Gary King is like a ghost...
Simon: Edgar and I have this idea that this film is like The Big Chill if the corpse was there as well. Gary doesn't change. He's wearing the same clothes. All the guys are older, they've let themselves go grey naturally, but Gary's like this throwback to their past.
Simon: Gary is like a frozen caveman. He vanished. He was the guy that everyone thought was going to be a big success. He was going to be a rock star. He was the coolest guy at school. The most loved. And things just went terribly wrong for him. The last time that Andy saw him they were in their 20s and something terrible happened and they never saw him again. Then he just cropped up. They probably assumed he was dead.
Nick: He's endlessly positive. He's still as enthusiastic as he was when he was 17… He doesn't deny the fact that there's potential your life could change in a second.
Andy Knightley is the Pink Hulk
Nick: I'm playing a very angry man. He's fucking angry from front to back. I think I described my character as ‘The Pink Hulk' because of my shirt. It's great; I've had a blast. I spent the first eight months of the year dancing in Cuban Fury and now I've spent the last four months punching the fuck out of people. Which is great.
Don't expect lots of cameos...
Simon: Anybody that has been in the two films is in this. Even like Rafe Spall who has always had a major part, has a part in this one, albeit a smaller one. We even got back Nicola Cunningham, who played Mary the zombie in Shaun of the Dead. And Mark Donovan, so the first two zombies from Shaun of the Dead are in this. The twins are in it.
Simon: We have a major actor too, who appears in one key scene, who we haven't said anything about yet. But in Hot Fuzz we had Peter Jackson and Cate Blanchett knocking around, but there's nothing like that in this.
The budget is bigger, but so are the ideas...
Simon: Shaun if the Dead cost about £6m, hot Fuzz cost about £17m, and this has cost £30m.
Nick: It's not a small film. It's small compared to Battleship in terms of budget. But for a British science-fiction comedy it's a lot.
Simon: But I think what we do with very little is directly proportionate to what they do with a lot.
Edgar: I guess this is bigger than Hot Fuzz. I've always got eyes bigger than my stomach. So whatever the budget is, my ideas are slightly too big – whatever the scale. It never, ever feels easy.
Exit Theatre Mode
You'll have to pay attention...
Edgar: Simon and I love films like Raising Arizona, where you have to track certain themes and certain things are set up and paid off, and sometimes things are paid off before they are set up, so you don't get it until you watch it a second time. And there's a lot of that, not least the names of the pubs, which are a map of the plot of the film. When you've seen the film you'll see why each pub is called what it's called. The whole film is also mapped out in the first 10 minutes.
The threat comes from space...
Simon: What we're facing on the ground aren't aliens, but the threat is an intergalactic one.
The World's End isn't the end...
Simon: I do feel like finally we've completed something. We never made the third series of Spaced, which is something we kind of wanted to do but time and circumstances were against us. But we have completed a cycle now so whatever we do next will be the beginning of a new cycle, or a one-off.
Nick: It's also a marker as to who we are as people and where we are. That part of our life is now finished in terms for being 30-somethings, stoned, high and pissed all the time. That's gone. That's over now.
Simon: But I feel like I'll work with Edgar and Nick until I stop makings films.
Chris Tilly is the Entertainment Editor for IGN in the UK. You can find him on both Twitter and MyIGN, and if you fancy taking a trip down memory lane his Shaun of the Dead set visit can be found here while his Hot Fuzz piece is over at Time Out.
I admit that when Microsoft unveiled its holographic computing engine at its Windows 10 event last week, I didn't pay much attention. Despite some positive press, it felt too much like Google Glass (and skepticism of that platform looks increasingly warranted) and reminded me of many past gee-whiz announcements from Microsoft. (This one comes to mind.)
James McQuivey, principal analyst and vice president at Forrester, suggested that executives should sit up and pay attention to HoloLens. I wasn't convinced, but when he wrote to me that “holograms are coming fast and are here to stay; ignore them at your distinct, proximate peril” I reconsidered my dismissiveness.
McQuivey, the author of Digital Disruption, agreed to answer this skeptic's questions about HoloLens, why it matters, and why executives should pay attention. The conversation follows:
HBR: Executives don't have a lot of time to think about things that are just hype. Is there any reason for them to pay attention to HoloLens?
McQuivey: Yes. As an executive, you care about this because in Forrester's Technographics survey data, there are 7.2 million adults in the US that have the ideal combination of attributes that makes them early candidates for HoloLens. They like technology, they have an Xbox, they have children, and they have an annual household income of more than $100,000. If Microsoft can persuade even half of them to jump in, that's 3.6 million consumers, or 45% of the people who bought a Kinect at launch who will try a HoloLens by 2016. And going into 2017, just two years from now, the momentum they will have generated will force executives at your company to sidestep drones, self-driving cars, and robots to focus on this technology. They'll see by then how it changes the way your customers interact with the products, services, and information that you provide them.
As one former digital agency executive told me after watching Microsoft's event, “If I were managing a brand, I'd head right to my digital agency and say, ‘What is our plan for holograms?'” She said this even though she admitted she wouldn't expect them to have an answer. But they would have to have a plan for generating an answer.
Skeptics will say this is Google Glass — largely regarded as a failure — just a couple of years later. What's different?
Holographic interactions like what Microsoft is suggesting are where every other company from Oculus to Google were ultimately heading, but they haven't gotten there. The endgame for enhancing our lives with digital visual tools is not virtual reality, it's this mixed reality. If the glasses can help you accomplish tasks that matter to you, ones you already do, then it's not just fun, it's useful. By introducing the idea of holographic computing and baking it into every Windows 10 device from launch forward, Microsoft is offering developers, marketers, and ultimately consumers, completely new ways to do what they already want to do.
Isn't that what Google promised with Glass, though? I'm not convinced.
Glass was a study in contradictions. On the one hand it was proposing a future where we would have ubiquitous computing on the go. Definitely a thing of the future. But on the other hand, the experience merely put a short list of functions that you can easily do on your phone in front of your face. The apps and functions were too limited, less powerful than your phone, certainly. That's what made Google easy to ridicule. If you spend all that money to accomplish such a narrow list of tasks, and potentially look silly doing it, then you are not in the future, you're not even in the present. You might as well be on a feature phone in 2005.
In order to introduce a new technology, you do have to start by helping people accomplish things that they already know they want, as Google was trying. But it has to make those things dramatically easier, more enjoyable, and more useful, which Glass did not. To get to the future from that point, you can then swiftly lead them on to do things they didn't already know they wanted to do but now seem obvious. That's precisely how holographic computing will rapidly infiltrate and then take over computing just as touch interfaces did start with the iPhone.
Doesn't this face the same ethics and social challenges as Glass? What's the HoloLens equivalent of the Glasshole?
There is a subtlety here that executives should understand. Glass was only ever intended to be an on-the-go experience. Because Glass couldn't actually “see” what you are doing, it can't really be helpful except as a tool for grabbing information when you're out and about. This is precisely what made Glass vulnerable to the ethical and social issues that dogged it. HoloLens, on the other hand, is not yet designed to be used outdoors. Instead, it's a tool for doing what you need to do at home and work more effectively. It can only do that because it sees what you see, understands three-dimensional objects and surfaces, and can create virtual experiences for entertainment and productivity purposes in the places where you do most of those things. This opens up hours worth of opportunities for companies to serve customers in those places, privately, where other people won't judge your eyewear or choices.
So what are some of the killer apps for this kind of holographic interface?
Retail, travel, automotive, financial services, all of these will be obvious fits. When Ikea builds a holographic catalog so that you can drop furniture into your bedroom and see what it would look like, even walk around it, you know you have a game changer. When Allrecipes.com can point to specific cupboards in your kitchen and tell you to retrieve the cocoa, and count out as you measure out tablespoons, you have another game changer. Even in the enterprise, where it's likely HoloLens will be more useful more quickly, there will be holographic apps for technicians that do maintenance on jets on the tarmac, collaborative 3D design environments for architects, and special headsets for dentists that guide them through tricky extractions. But ultimately, I disagree with the premise of the question: Like the early web, this technology will not generate a killer app but will instead make smaller breakthroughs with existing applications throughout a wider range of industries and companies. Unlike the early web, it will not take a decade for that diffusion to occur.
Why won't it take that long?
All the pieces are in place. Consumers are ready for new technology — Apple sold 80 million iPads in its first two years, compared to 1 million iPods in its first two years. Studying barriers to consumer adoption has been my passion since before my doctoral studies and I now find myself with very little to study given how rapidly the barriers are falling. But the technology itself is moving faster than before. Connectivity is ubiquitous; batteries are amazing; graphical processing units are powerful yet cheap;even the original technology Microsoft built just for HoloLens, the Holographic Processing Unit (HPU), could be built to higher levels of power at lower cost and in shorter time than such chips have ever been built before. In short, the world of technology has been digitally disrupted not just in one area, but in every area. Combine all of those innovations into a single area of focus, as Microsoft has done, and boom, you find yourself five years into the future.
I'm not sure I'd want to be the executive sticking his neck out saying this is the next big thing, given the relative failures with similar products.
This is why companies are constantly catching up. They were afraid to embrace social media and are still struggling to get up to speed on mobile. Think of it this way: A HoloLens video Microsoft posted on YouTube has been viewed more than 12 million times. Many of those viewers are the people below you in your company, and your customers. And then there are your executive peers and your board of directors. They carry around their iPads with some pride, but they are uncertain of where to put their attention next. All of these people will be looking for the executive that can stand up and offer a plan for preparing for a future of holographic computing.
So what's that plan?
You'll immediately face reasonable questions from inside the company like: Have we as a brand spent the time to understand what customers really need? Have we used the shift to web, social, and mobile to become experts in rapid product development techniques? The answer is likely no, not completely, or only somewhat. That's why preparing for holographic computing isn't really about building holograms, not in 2015, and for many not even in 2016. Instead, you will prepare for holographic computing by finally bringing your company culture, policies and practices into alignment with a customer-first strategy for innovation.
NBA.com has announced that George Karl will receive his first Coach of the Year award, and rightfully so.
Karl leads a cast of primarily role players to a league-best 38-3 record at home, the highest since the Cavaliers went 39-2 in 2008-09′.
The Nuggets finished the season top three in points, rebounds, assists, blocks, and steals per game without an all-star. They set a franchise record for wins (57) and consecutive wins (15), securing the third-seed in a brutal western conference before a first-round elimination at the hands of the Warriors.
He is currently the sixth-winningest coach in NBA history and the active wins leader with 1,131 victories. His 21 consecutive winning seasons is matched only by Phil Jackson.
The 23 year veteran received 62 first-place votes from a panel of 121 sportswriters and sportscasters. The top five finishers were Karl, Erik Spoelstra, Mike Woodson, Gregg Popovich and Frank Vogel, respectively.
Don't forget to like the Lake Show Life's facebook page for up-to-date Lakers news and analysis right from the comfort of your news feed.
Most email marketing campaigns today are impersonal and unhelpful. This is because companies tend to treat all of their subscribers the same by sending identical email broadcasts to each and every one of them.
Even worse, these one-to-many email broadcasts are typically littered with images and complex HTML formatting. This causes them to be flagged by email providers as “Promotions” or spam and results in poor engagement rates. More importantly, such gimmicks make it difficult for subscribers to consume the content and actually get value from it.
When companies use one-to-many, image-heavy HTML emails, their subscribers think:
It's evident this company doesn't understand my unique needs nor do they value my time.
Behavioral segmentation is a powerful way your company can address this problem.
The solution
Behavioral segmentation is the practice of using automated rulesets to send targeted emails to subscribers based on how they engage with your company across multiple channels (e.g., social media, email, your website, etc).
In other words, every digital interaction that a subscriber has with your company should result in an intelligent and customized reaction that's tailored to the subscriber's specific needs. That way, he or she is never surprised by the emails received. Instead, the subscriber is anticipating them.
Drip is a tool we use for behavioral segmentation and email automation
Behavioral segmentation and email automation are about adopting a subscriber-focused approach. A marketing team isn't dictating when subscribers receive impersonal, one-to-many email broadcasts. Instead, the actions subscribers take and the interests they demonstrate ultimately inform which emails they receive and when they receive them.
In addition to sending targeted email content, behavioral segmentation also enables you to get more sophisticated with your A/B testing. You can improve your engagement rates by using subject lines and calls-to-action that are most likely to resonate with your different subscriber segments based on their prior interactions.
When is behavioral segmentation effective
We've found behavioral segmentation to be particularly effective for B2B companies that sell high-priced goods and services. They tend to have long sales cycles where a good deal of education is required in order to qualify leads.
With behavioral segmentation, businesses can tailor their content to each subscriber's unique problems and highlight why their product or service is well-suited to address them.
In short, they can more effectively nurture their leads over time.
That's not to say behavioral segmentation only works for B2B. It's plenty effective in B2C environments as well.
For instance, it works particularly well for B2C companies that sell a varied assortment of products. It allows businesses to drill down and determine which products are best-suited for which subscribers, and to send content that's specific to them.
Results you can expect
There are three central results you can expect when behavioral segmentation is implemented properly:
Credibility and authority — When you consistently share relevant and timely content with your subscribers, you'll prove you understand them and that you care.
Increased levels of engagement — The tailored content your subscribers receive will foster increased levels of engagement. The more granular you are with your subscriber segments, the more engagement you'll see.
More leads and conversions — You'll generate better leads that are primed to buy, and see more conversions at an improved clip.
At the end of the day, it's all about providing value. Behavioral segmentation is a powerful way to consistently and reliably provide your audience with value.
10. X-Men
I know, I know. It's shocking to see the X-Men, without a doubt one of the most well known comic properties in existence, to be the very first item on this list. In a perfect world it'd sure be cool to see Wolverine suit up and whoop ass with the likes of Iron Man and the Hulk, but I'd argue that the X-Men do not work in a world with other superheroes. It is for that very reason that I'm not pushing to see this mad bunch of Muties in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The X-Men are a parable for racism and intolerance. The core of the team is protecting a world that hates and fears them. It's an amazing metaphor. I have always been of the mind that this metaphor falls apart in a world with radioactive giants and web slingers. What makes the Mutant race unique in the world of the X-Men is that there are no other beings in that world with amazing abilities. If the world hates Magneto for being able to control metal with his mind, why not hate Tony Stark for his unbelievable intellect, or despise Spider-Man for his spider sense? The X-Men work very well in a self contained world and I think they're doing A-OK over with Fox. With Days of Future Past a smash hit at the box office and X-Men Apocalypse on the way I'd say the X-Franchise is going to be just fine outside the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
FIRST APPEARANCE: The X-Men #1 (1963)
ALTER EGO: Many
ABILITIES: Too numerous to count
FUN FACT: The X-Men books were originally to be called The Mutants by their creator, Stan Lee, but the editor of Marvel at the time was concerned readers wouldn't know what in the world a Mutant was. The name X-Men was chosen instead.
NEWARK — Naimah Johnson reminisced sadly about the phone calls she no longer receives from her slain brother.
Bashir Akinyele complained about losing yet another student to gun violence. Monica Boyd said she worries her kids will one day forget their brother who was killed nearly a decade ago.
"As time goes on will everybody forget about him?" Boyd asked.
The Newark mourners-turned-activists said they wanted more attention on the gun violence gripping the metro region.
So they shut down a busy intersection.
In fact, close to a hundred like-minded activists gathered around a small white casket in the middle of Broad and Market streets in downtown Newark disrupting traffic for more than two hours today in protest of unnecessary bloodshed.
Among the chants heard, was “Who's streets? Our streets!” and “Stop the violence! Stop the killing! Stop the shootings!” Some passersby grumbled about have to take alternative walking, driving and bus routes, but some observed in appreciation.
The activists were organized by a group of organizations including the National Action Network (NAN), the Peoples Organization for Progress (POP), Street Corner Resources, and the Newark Anti-Violence Coalition (NAVC).
"We showed up because our babies are dying," Street Corner Resources Iesha Sekou founder shouted to the crowd. "We want the violence end."
The rally, planned before the onset of the weekend, proved to be particularly timely for Newark. A 29-year-old Newark man was shot to death late Friday night in the city's central ward.
In 2013, Newark's homicides totaled 111, the most violent 12-month stretch in Newark in nearly a quarter-century.
"It's black young boys and girls being murdered everyday in the streets," said Marques-Aquil Lewis, a Newark school advisory board member and one of the rally's organizers.
The activists criticized a wide range of sources for violence, from an influx of illegal guns and drugs to a lack of personal responsibility. But for most, the loss of loved ones was more acute.
Akinyele, a history teacher at Weequahic High School, said he has lost dozens of students over the course of his near 20-year career as a teacher. The most recent to be slain was Abdul Frazier a.k.a "Scooter,” a 14-year old shot on Christmas Day.
Akinyele said he recently found a class assignment in which Frazier mentioned him as a role model. "I'm gonna honor that brother as long as I'm teaching," he said.
Johnson's brother, Ahmad Rabb, was killed two years ago at the age of 36 while he was stopped in a car at a traffic light, she said.
"It's important to keep coming out because people still getting killed," she said.
Boyd said she still grapples with the 2006 killing of her son, Shafe Boyd Cruz. The hardest part during the early days of her son's death was closing the casket, she said.
"I'm looking at that little coffin and I'm like wow," she said."It brings back memories."
The activists' sentiment was not totally hopeless. Toward the end of the rally the demonstrators prayed and sang, wishing for calmer streets.
"We shall overcome. We shall overcome," they sang in unison. "We shall overcome some day."
MORE ESSEX COUNTY COVERAGE
City has subsidized $1.7 million in security costs at private events in last two years
An internal audit slated to be presented to a City Council subcommittee on Tuesday shows that the municipality's general fund has subsidized about $1.7 million in private security costs over the past two fiscal years under the San Antonio Police Department Off-Duty Employment program.
The internal audit found several shortcomings in the program, from annual operating losses to delayed billing and unsecured credit card transactions that could have led to “potential theft and abuse of client information,” the report stated.
“The city incurred a loss of $872,000 administering the Off-Duty Employment program in FY2014,” the audit states. “This is in effect a subsidy for providing security related services for private events held at City facility. As result, the general fund absorbs the excess cost of operating the program.”
Erik Walsh, the deputy city manager who oversees the Police Department, said he and then-Police Chief William McManus asked the city auditor to review the program. The Police Department, he said, has already enacted new polices that address most of the issues raised in the audit. There was no evidence that any unsecured credit card information was exposed and the system has since been improved.
To find out what else city staff wants to do to tackle the problem, visit www.expressnews.com or read the Tuesday edition of the San Antonio Express-News.
The Manteca Waterslides was a water park that existed in the Central Valley town of Manteca, California from 1974 to 2004.[1] Founded by R.H. "Budge" Brown, the park enjoyed status as one of the better waterparks in the United States and had easy access to Interstate 5. Also known as Oakwood Lake, it was familiar to central valley park-goers for its massive drop-down slide "V-Max".
In the summer of 2004, it was announced that the park would be closed. The owners of the park cited high workers' compensation and health care costs as reasons for the park's closure in September 2004. Grey Davis put in laws that made the park pay redundant fees that caused the park to not be able to afford to stay open.
As of April 2008, the site of the old waterpark lies underwater due to the expansion of Oakwood Lake and the surrounding land is being proposed for development which would provide housing for, among other people, commuters to the San Francisco Bay Area.
In 2010, there was talk of a developer buying the land bringing back the water park.[2]
Manteca Waterslides was home to Oakwood Lake Amphitheatre, a venue primarily used for concerts.
References [ edit ]
It's Slip Sliding Away , Manteca Bulletin, September 27, 2004.
, Manteca Bulletin, September 27, 2004. Going out of work: Loss of summer jobs the saddest part of Manteca Waterslides taking its last ride. Stockton Record, May 28, 2004.
Even if it still looks a little greasy to some, Grand Avenue near downtown just keeps getting better and better, what with the addition of Grand Avenue Pizza and the recently renovated ThirdSpace restaurant and bar. Soon to join the many quirky galleries and mechanic shops is Allred Guitars & Guitar Repair, opening right behind Bragg's Pie Factory (facing McKinley) at 1301 Grand Aveune, Suite 7.
The new shop will be hosting a grand opening on this coming First Friday, September 5, from 6 to 10 p.m. There'll be refreshments and maybe even some live music. RSVP here.
Given that great venues like The Trunk Space, Lost Leaf, and Crescent Ballroom are just a stone's throw away, this is excellent (dare we say grand?) news for local musicians who wish to avoid corporate conglomerate cesspools like Guitar Center. Offering full-service guitar repair and even custom guitar projects (that double-head six-string in the shape of a demonic pig you've always dreamed of might soon be a reality!), Allred promises "friendly, affordable service."
Four big tech companies embroiled in a Silicon Valley hiring controversy are appealing a judge's decision to reject a settlement that would have seen them pay $325 million to settle a class action case brought engineers and other employees.
According to Reuters, the companies — [company]Apple[/company], [company]Google[/company], [company]Adobe[/company] and [company]Intel[/company] — have described U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh's decision last month as “rigid and formulaic” and suggested that rejecting the deal would serve to waste years of court time.
Advertisement
The underlying controversy turns on an alleged conspiracy by some of the tech world's biggest names, including the late Steve Jobs of Apple and Sergey Brin of Google, in which their companies agreed not to recruit each other's employees.
The employees sued to recover wages lost as a result of the conspiracy, leading to the proposed settlement earlier this year. Ordinarily, courts are quick to approve such deals but Judge Koh decided to reject it as too low in light of a similar settlement involving Pixar, Lucas Films and [company]Intuit[/company]. Based on that earlier settlement, Koh said, Apple and the three other companies should offer at least $380 million.
The decision by the four companies to file the appeal may in part amount to a negotiating tactic. The parties have already resumed negotiations and the prospect of years of appellate court litigation could spur the employees to accept a new offer.
Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
MONTREAL -- U.S. giant Lowe's has proposed to buy Rona in a $3.2-billion friendly deal that would shake up Canada's home improvement industry.
For Lowe's, Rona is a way to quickly become Canada's leading home improvement retailer. The acquisition would mark the company's foray into Quebec, where Rona was founded in 1939.
Rona said the agreement would allow it to tap into the strength of a multinational company while preserving its brand, business relationships and most of its current operations.
"This transaction is a win-win combination for Rona and Lowe's as well as all stakeholders involved," Rona CEO Robert Sawyer said in a conference call Wednesday.
"It is the intention to capitalize on this strong leadership position to transform the Canadian industry and offer more value to Canadian consumers."
Lowe's chairman and CEO Robert Niblock said the Canadian home improvement market is worth more than $45 billion and growing. The North Carolina-based company estimates a compounded average growth rate of 3.9 per cent between 2014 and 2018.
"We also like the market because of its long-term fundamentals, with its high level of home ownership and well-developed distribution infrastructure," he said in a separate conference call.
Niblock and other Lowe's executives also said that Rona has made a number of improvements since the two companies came close to a similar takeover agreement four years ago. That attempt failed in the face of opposition from the Quebec government and a number of Rona's independent dealers.
Rona chairman Robert Chevrier said Lowe's has made commitments to the Canadian company's employees, suppliers and independent dealers, including the preservation of Rona banners.
Nonetheless, the announcement drew reaction from a union that represents workers at Rona. Teamsters Canada Local Union 1999 said the sale of a Quebec "economic showpiece" to American interests is raising concerns, even if Lowe's is promising to maintain the majority of Rona jobs.
"Managers at Lowe's need to know that we'll be very vigilant regarding the more than 2,000 Teamster jobs at Rona," union local president Serge Berube in a statement.
Quebec's Caisse de depot, which owns about 17 per cent of Rona, said it supports the deal.
"Overall, la Caisse believes the transaction will result in equal or superior economic activity generated by the Rona banners in Quebec," the Montreal-based pension fund manager said.
For Rona shareholders, Lowe's (NYSE:LOW) is offering $24 cash per common share (TSX:RON) -- about double what the stock was worth at the end of trading on Tuesday before the announcement.
The publicly traded shares soared Wednesday to just below the offer price, with nearly nine million traded in less than an hour after the market opened. The offer is about $10 above the $14.50 per share that was rejected in 2012.
Lowe's said it has identified more than $1 billion in opportunities, including adding appliances to Rona stores, extending its private label and e-commerce capabilities and leveraging its supplier relationships and enhanced scale.
Rona has nearly 500 stores across Canada, including independent affiliated dealers.
With its network of 42 stores, Lowe's trails Rona and Home Depot in Canada. But in the U.S, Lowe's has the second-most stores in the home improvement sector after Home Depot.
Lowe's Canada president Sylvain Prud'homme would head the merged operations from Rona's headquarters in Boucherville, Que.
The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter after receiving regulatory approvals and the support of Rona shareholders by April 8.
An issue very dear to the hearts of Baha'is around the world is the situation of the Baha'is living in Iran. There's been some international coverage about the persecution which Baha'is in Iran face, and many of my friends and colleagues often ask about this. Even a lot of my Baha'i friends are still not fully aware or understand what's been happening there, so I thought it would be a good idea to try and explain some of the background and the current situation relating to the persecution of the Bahai's in Iran.
First of all, the founder of the Baha'i Faith, Baha'u'llah, came from Iran, and as a result many Baha'is had a certain affinity and love for the birthplace of our faith. However, Baha'u'llah's teachings are meant for the whole world, and His message is to unite humanity. The Baha'i Faith is not an ethnic or cultural group, it's purely a religion, an independent religion in fact which is not a sect or off-shoot of any other religion.
As with the Baha'i global community, the Baha'is in Iran come from all different religious, ethnic and social backgrounds, and they are the largest non-Muslim religious group. Most Iranians are Shi'a Muslims, which is the official state religion of Iran.
So let's begin by explaining things from a critical event in Iran's history which took place in 1979, and is known as the Islamic Revolution. The 1979 Islamic Revolution saw the king of Iran (the Shah) fall from power and a new ruler, a Muslim cleric called Ayatollah Khomeini came to power, transforming Iran from a monarchy into an Islamic republic.
All hell broke loose for the Iranian Baha'i Community after the 1979 Islamic Revolution took place. Many Baha'is, including those serving on various Baha'i institutions, were arrested, tortured and, in many cases, executed. Baha'i holy places were attacked and desecrated. Community properties like the national centre were confiscated. The Baha'i institutions were banned and all government agencies were purged of Baha'i staff. Baha'i students, teachers and lecturers were expelled from schools and universities and thousands lost their livelihoods or had homes and properties taken away. The new authorities made it very clear that there was no place for Baha'is in the new Islamic Republic of Iran.
Iran was in the media spotlight, even more than it is today. Major newspapers and television programs reported on what was happening, including the persecution of Baha'is. From the United Nations down there was an international outcry, which gradually had an effect. By the early 1990s the Iranian government had adopted a new policy, which was essentially to quietly strangle the Baha'i community as a viable entity in Iran. The policy on “the Baha'i question” stipulated that “the Government's dealings with them must be in such a way that their progress and development are blocked”. Among other provisions, it said that those who identified as Baha'is should be denied employment, expelled from university, and denied any position of influence in society.
This policy is still being followed today. Fast forward to 2012 and Baha'is are still barred from the public service and many other professions. Baha'is still can't go to university. Properties seized during the revolution have never been returned and the Baha'i institutions remain banned. Baha'is are routinely placed under surveillance, harassed and interrogated, and their lives are made difficult in countless ways, large and small. Iranian government media continues to pump out a constant barrage of propaganda against the Baha'is, accusing them of everything from sedition and espionage to Zionism, Satanism and gross immorality.
As of October 2012, there are 120 Baha'is locked up in Iranian jails, solely due to their faith. They include the seven members of the ad hoc group that took care of the affairs of the community after the dissolution of the formal Baha'i institutions. These five men and two women have received 20 year prison sentences for serving their community. It's worth noting that these are the longest jail terms imposed of any prisoner of conscience in Iran, which goes to show how the regime singles out the Baha'is for harsh treatment, since prisoners of conscience are hardly thin on the ground in Iranian jails these days.
Today's Baha'i prisoners also include several educators sentenced to four and five year prison terms for providing higher education to young Baha'i students barred from university. Many others are in jail for doing the things Baha'is in the rest of the world do all the time, like attending Feasts, educating our children, and answering people's questions about the Baha'i Faith. The sad reality is that every Baha'i in Iran lives with the knowledge that they could be next in line for a prison term.
So why is this happening and what does it all mean? Well, conservative Muslim clerics have been hostile towards the Baha'is since the earliest days of the Faith in Iran, accusing them of heresy due to their belief in a Prophet subsequent to Muhammad. When the Islamic Revolution took place, those same officials gained control of the instruments of state power, and they have been using them against the Baha'is ever since.
One positive development is that an increasing number of Iranians don't believe the propaganda any more. In fact a few years back, more than 240 Iranian intellectuals, writers, journalists, artists and activists from 19 countries signed “We are Ashamed”, an unprecedented open letter that apologised to the Baha'is for their long-running persecution, and expressed shame for not speaking out against it sooner. Even within Iran, there are signs that many consider the treatment of their fellow citizens unjust. Baha'i cases in recent years have been defended by Iran's best human rights lawyers, most of whom are now in exile or in prison for their trouble. Few, if any, see the label “Baha'i” as a stigma any more.
Let me be clear however, that I think it would do the Baha'is of Iran a terrible injustice to think of them as helpless victims. It's true that many were forced to leave their homeland, but many more of them stayed put, and they have continued striving to contribute towards their country's progress. Their community, their integrity and their dignity remain intact, even enhanced, in the eyes of their fellow citizens. Even the Baha'is in prison inspire others. For instance Roxana Saberi, the American-Iranian journalist who shared a cell with two Baha'i's, Mahvash Sabet and Fariba Kamalabadi, during her 100-day incarceration in 2009, praised their “generosity and compassion”. In her account of her time in prison with them, she wrote: “They lifted our spirits, gave us hope, and took care of me when I was on a hunger strike”.
In a message to the Baha'is of Iran dated 23 June 2009, the Universal House of Justice stated:
You have demonstrated in the example of your lives that the proper response to oppression is neither to succumb in resignation nor to take on the characteristics of the oppressor. The victim of oppression can transcend it through an inner strength that shields the soul from bitterness and hatred and which sustains consistent, principled action.
While we hope and pray for the emancipation of the Baha'is in Iran, perhaps this is the deeper meaning to their suffering. For now at least, we remember their strength, and the Baha'i International Community speaks out internationally for their rights.
You can keep up with what's happening to the Baha'is in Iran at www.news.bahai.org
First Park Lane, now the Imperial War Museum... Eastern Europeans are sleeping rough next to top London tourist spot (and one hangs his coat on a peace sculpture)
Staff complain about clearing up used condoms and excrement daily
Homeless sleeping in Peace Garden opened by Dalai Lama in 1999
Includes some Romanians from controversial Park Lane gypsy camp
Many offered free one-way flights home but choose London's streets instead
Homeless Eastern Europeans have been sleeping rough for months inside the grounds of a central London memorial opened by the Dalai Lama, MailOnline can reveal.
Staff cleaning the grounds at the Imperial War Museum say every morning they remove human excrement, used condoms, beer cans and even drug paraphernalia from its Tibetan Peace Garden.
Rough sleepers even hang their clothing on the monuments officially unveiled by the Dalai Lama in 1999 and sleep on its manicured lawns and among the flower beds.
Sleeping rough: This man is among the gang of Eastern Europeans who have been spending nights in the Dalai Lama's Peace Garden in London
Waking up: A homeless man rises in the morning in the grounds of the Imperial War Museum in Lambeth, south London
Monument to peace: Staff in the grounds of the famous museum admit every day they must pick up filth and detritus left by people staying there
In the past year police and border agents have been forced to break up a series of swollen camps across central London where immigrants were offered free flights back to their home country.
But in the majority of cases, despite having no work, they were allowed to leave before returning days later.
Council officials and police in London blame the unwanted visitors for a surge in begging, pickpocketing, shoplifting and anti-social behaviour.
A large number of Romanian gypsies stayed on Park Lane for weeks and turned the tree-lined central London road into a litter-strewn mess.
Several appear to headed to the Imperial War Museum, and staff there have been left with the sorry task of clearing up their mess.
Groundskeeper Robyn Stone, 53, said: 'They've been here a couple of months now, since the hot weather really, I've noticed they moved them on in the West End as it's been highlighted in the news, we've been getting loads of people here, Romanians in particular,' she said.
Packing up: A man folds his sleeping bag and staff say the people sleeping there disappear each morning but leave a lot of mess for them to dispose of
Covered up: One homeless person is hunched inside a sleeping bag while a passer-by wanders past in the south London museum grounds
Home: This individual sits up among the flowers of the Tibetan Peace Garden and residents say they are out of work with nowhere to go
'We always get rough sleepers here in the summer but there's a lot more of them than normal.
'In the Peace Garden there is normally six or seven, maybe even eight, most of them are inside the garden in the inner circle and then there will be two or three outside and sometimes we get them sleeping in the yard behind the cafe area.
'They jump over the wall and they've made a little tent awning in there. Also they have a bit at the back of the museum called the wild area, so it's ideal with trees, it's not unkempt but it's a wild theme so they are in there a lot.
'They are usually youngish and there are normally a couple of females that stay with them, but they look really young, perhaps only 18.'
Yesterday Robyn had to pick her way around the men as they slept in the Peace Garden, collecting their rubbish from the manicured shrubs and plants.
She said: 'We do have to clean up after them unfortunately, we've got a dedicated guy who's got a small truck called the Fido, it's all tooled up for dog poo - and human poo.
'We clear up beer cans, condoms - I found a used condom here this morning.
'These guys do not seem to use heroin, our regular guys that we have use heroin and we have to clear their needles.
'But we found a crack pipe bottle, that was unusual, last week and I associate that with these guys migrants.
'I've been here over two years and have never seen a crack pipe here ever and that was in the Peace Garden by a tree.'
In the flowers: The men and women here are from Eastern Europe, including Lithuania, Latvia and Romania
Magic moment: His Holiness the Dalai Lama at the Tibetan Peace Garden, which he opened in in the grounds of the Imperial War Museum in 1999
At around eight o'clock the group packed up their sleeping bags and blankets and stashed them in bushes that lie directly in front of the museum beneath a pair of huge naval gun from First World War battleships HMS Ramillies and HMS Resolution.
'They go away during the day because they know we're going to disturb them and wake them up and then they come back later on and sit around in a circle in their gang in the peace garden and sometimes around the trees in the grounds,' Ms Stone said.
The Peace Garden lies in front of the Imperial War Museum and attracts visitors from around the world, but during the summer months it has become a sheltered spot for the men to bed down for the night causing problems for the groundskeepers.
Robyn said: 'It's not nice because, well, the clue's in the name, it's a peace garden, and that's very important. Not that anywhere else isn't important in this park, but we have people coming form Tibet you know to see what we have done here, because the Dalai Lama opened it in 1999 so it is very important.
'But if we move their stuff if they're not there, if we move their sleeping bags like we are told to some guys get angry.'
Oust: Police wake up and move on the Romanians from Park Lane in July, and staff at the Imperial War Museum say that some have headed their way
Upsetting: Large areas of grass on park Lane were strewn with rubbish, from suitcases to soiled blankets and half-eaten food, and bushes were transformed into stinking open cesspools. But three days after police removed them they came back
One of the rough sleepers, Matas Krasnichas was seen writing a letter this morning to send back to his family.
He had been staying in the gardens since losing his job nearly a month ago, where he was earning enough to send home to support his sister through university.
The 22-year-old sleeps in the grounds, but says he does not leave any mess.
He said: 'I'm from Lithuania, and have been in the park for about three weeks since I lost my job.
'I started work there five months ago when I came to England. I was told that I would get work over here so I sent my papers.'
When asked if it was official he smiled and said 'I think so'.
The text message from the trench supervisor to archaeologists Jack Davis and Sharon Stocker was succinct: “Better come. Hit bronze.”
The excavators exploring a small stone shaft on a rocky promontory in southern Greece had found an unusual tomb of an ancient warrior. The burial may hold important clues to the origin of Greek civilization some 3,500 years ago.
Along with the well-preserved skeleton of a man in his early thirties, the grave contains more than 1,400 objects arrayed on and around the body, including gold rings, silver cups, and an elaborate bronze sword with an ivory hilt.
View Images NG MAPS
More surprising were 50 stone seals intricately carved with goddesses, lions, and bulls, as well as a half-dozen delicate ivory combs, a bronze mirror, and some 1,000 carnelian, amethyst, and jasper beads once strung together as necklaces. Between the man's legs lay an ivory plaque carved with a griffin.
“Not since Schliemann have complete burials of this type been found in Greece,” says John Bennet, an archaeologist at the University of Sheffield in Britain and director of the British School at Athens, who is not involved with the dig. In the late 19th century, archaeological pioneer Heinrich Schliemann excavated Troy and Mycenae, the major Greek center from about 1600 B.C. to 1100 B.C.
Light on a Dark Time
The grave is located at the southwest end of the Peloponnese peninsula at Pylos, a place mentioned by Homer in the Odyssey as the site of King Nestor's palace with its “lofty halls.” Excavations before and after World War II revealed remnants of a large Mycenaean palace dating to about 1300 B.C., as well as hundreds of clay tablets written in the Linear B script developed on Crete, an island about 100 miles offshore. Those texts led to the translation of Linear B, and confirmed the identity of Pylos.
Pull Quote Not since Schliemann have complete burials of this type been found in Greece. John Bennet, archaeologist at the University of Sheffield in Britain and director of the British School at Athens
But little is known about the earlier period around 1500 B.C., when Mycenaean society was taking shape. Archaeologists have long debated the influence of Minoan civilization, which began to flourish in Crete around 2500 B.C., on the rise of Mycenaean society a thousand years later. Linear B tablets, bull horn symbols, and goddess figurines found at Mycenaean sites like Pylos attest to the impact of Minoan culture. Based on archaeological evidence of destruction, many scholars believe that the Mycenaeans invaded and conquered Crete around 1450 B.C.
In May, Davis and Stocker, a husband-and-wife team from the University of Cincinnati, assembled 35 experts from 10 nations to begin a five-year project aimed at uncovering Pylos' beginnings. They hit pay dirt on the first day, when workers clearing a field spotted a rectangle of stones that proved to be the top of a four-foot by eight-foot shaft. Three feet down, the excavators spotted the first bronze artifacts. Based on their style, Davis and Stocker are confident that the remains date to about 1500 B.C.
Unexpected Objects Pose a Puzzle
“To find an unrobbed and rich Mycenaean tomb is very rare,” says Cynthia Shelmerdine, a classics professor at the University of Texas at Austin who visited the site during the summer's excavations. “This one shows us some things we would not have anticipated.”
What's peculiar about the tomb is that it contains only a single person and includes a remarkable wealth of mostly foreign objects, as well as artifacts typically associated with women.
Pull Quote To find an unrobbed and rich Mycenaean tomb is very rare. Cynthia Shelmerdine, classics professor at the University of Texas at Austin
Resting places for the Mycenaean elite usually include many individuals. Just 100 yards from the new find, archaeologists excavated such a group tomb in the 1950s. Davis and Stocker estimate that three-quarters of the finished grave goods in the warrior's shaft come from Crete—a two-day's sail to the south—rather than from local sources. There are also amber beads from the Baltic, amethyst from the Middle East, and carnelian that may originate in Egypt that might have been brought to Crete by Minoan traders. “The range and number of Minoan or Minoan-style artifacts in this tomb should greatly deepen our knowledge about the extent of this relationship,” says Shelmerdine.
The presence of beads, combs, and a mirror in a warrior's tomb poses a puzzle. “The discovery of so much precious jewelry with a male warrior-leader challenges the commonly-held belief that jewelry was buried only with wealthy females,” says Stocker. She adds that Spartan warriors ritually combed their hair before battle, while Davis suggests that the jewelry may have been offerings to the goddess from the dead man on his journey to the underworld.
Who Was This Wealthy Warrior?
The unusual nature of the Pylos tomb could mean that he was a Minoan warrior or leader, rather than a native Mycenaean. Alternatively, he may have fought in Crete and brought back plunder or developed a taste for Minoan goods. Or he may have been a Mycenaean leader who wanted to establish a new tradition. What's clear, the archaeologists say, is that he didn't want to be associated with the group tombs that were the norm for locals both before and after his death.
Skeletal analysis that may help the team pinpoint his identity will soon get under way, says Stocker. The well-preserved teeth could reveal his genetic background, while examination of the pelvis area may tell researchers about his diet. Studying the bones also may help determine the cause of death. Stocker and Davis will close up the tomb in coming weeks to concentrate on analyzing their many finds.
on •
When I lived in Brussels with my family, I was slightly confused at the many things named “Astrid”. I knew that “Astrid” was a more “Nordic” name. I asked around and was told about the wonderful, still deeply loved, Princess Astrid. Her tragic death still haunts the memory of the people of Belgium.
Astrid was a Danish princess, simply a younger sister, from a very happy “informal” royal family. She was a naturally happy little girl, and her marriage to the heir to the throne of Belgium was based on romance and love, not arrangement. She first won over her new subjects by wearing all white, appearing as a “snow princess”, and impulsively rushing to Leopold to kiss him on her arrival in Belgium.
The middle of this video shows the “impulsive” kiss that won the hearts of everyone. Astrid had three young children, and was thought pregnant with her forth, when she died. Her “hands on” mothering, even pushing a pram in the park in front of the royal palace, was much approved of by the people of Belgium. She interested herself in children's causes. Her obvious devotion to her own children only served to increase her popularity.
Sadly, her early death was even more shocking than the death of Princess Diana. Queen Astrid left three young children. Her husband never spoke of the accident. He had been at the wheel of the car when the accident happened. His popularity slipped with the people of Belgium after he remarried. Eventually he was replaced by his eldest son. Her youngest child, now King of Belgium, honors her memory even though he was too young to really remember her. As a child, he would write to her via his diary. Her death was a tragedy the children never really recovered from, and reminds us all of the importance of mothers.
The chapel, I am pleased to say, is spotless. There was a caretaker there. He keeps a close eye on all visitors! He even raked over a spot where I had disturbed a few rocks! Someone, somewhere, makes sure this memorial is as beautiful as the woman it honors. I was glad to see she has not been “forgotten”.
So my simple curiosity about “why are so many things in Brussels named Astrid?” ended in a journey to Switzerland. Her chapel is well worth a visit, and it is close to a train stop. A quick walk takes you there. It is close to the Transportation Museum also, so makes for a lovely day out.
Related articles
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Family, Travel, Women
AVI GABBAY has already overturned convention once—when on July 10th he won the primaries to become the leader of Israel's Labour party just six months after joining it. Now he is causing more ructions in the main opposition, with a series of statements that are heretical to those on the far left of Israeli politics. Although other Labour leaders have, at times, espoused similar views, Mr Gabbay has done so earlier and more emphatically. He says that, should he win the next election he would not invite the country's Arab parties to join his coalition. And he has said that he does not think that Jewish settlements built on land in the West Bank, which Israel captured in 1967, should necessarily be dismantled as part of a peace agreement. Further disconcerting some Labour supporters is his view that “a Jew cannot really not believe in God.”
Mr Gabbay's intentions are clear. He is determined to break the image of Labour as a left-wing party that is detached from the concerns and beliefs of more conservative (and religious) voters. To win an election he needs to attract supporters away from other centrist parties as well as some of those on the right that have propped up the coalition government headed by Binyamin Netanyahu, the prime minister, and his Likud party.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mr Gabbay is not the first leader of a Labour party to tack to the right. One of those he has sought advice from is Tony Blair, a former British prime minister and one of the architects of “New Labour”, which modernised the party and dropped its commitment to nationalising industry. But Mr Gabbay seems motivated by more than electoral mathematics.
He comes from a conservative family of Moroccan origin, a group that usually supports Likud, as Mr Gabbay once did. And unlike many of Labour's previous leaders, who came from the army or out of the left-leaning kibbutz movement, his background is in business.
The Labour party last won an election in 1999 and has since changed leaders eight times. Party members who voted for a very different kind of leader this time are willing to give him a chance. “People on the left still think what happened is just an aberration and the reins of power will soon be handed back to us,” says Emilie Moatti, a Labour member who is planning to run for a seat in the Knesset at the next election. She laments that Mr Netanyahu has successfully “tainted us all as unpatriotic haters of Israel.”
Labour, which ruled Israel for its first three decades after the state's establishment in 1948, is not the only opposition party undergoing an identity crisis. Meretz, a fiercely secularist party that describes itself as “Israel's Left,” has suffered a series of electoral defeats that almost wiped the party out. On October 18th the party's leader, Zehava Galon, said she was resigning from the Knesset in the hope of sparking “open primaries” for its next leaders. “There is a deep frustration on the left over having drifted away from positions of influence for so long,” says Nitzan Horowitz, a former member of the Knesset for Meretz. “Moving to the right or changing selection procedures won't change that.”
The anomaly of Israeli politics is that a majority of voters supports the left's two-state solution but continues to vote for right-wing leaders. Perhaps that will change if Labour is led by a right-winger.
Obama has already lost two Democrats who back the proposal in question. Obama lobbying Dems over pipeline
President Barack Obama is intervening in a Senate fight over the Keystone XL oil pipeline and personally lobbying Democrats to reject an amendment calling for its construction, according to several sources familiar with the talks.
The White House lobbying effort, including phone calls from the president to Democrats, signals that the vote could be close when it heads to the floor Thursday. The president is trying to defeat an amendment that would give election-year fodder to his Republican critics who have accused him of blocking a job-creating energy project at a time of high gas prices.
Story Continued Below
The amendment, proposed by Sen. John Hoeven (R-N.D.), states that Obama would have no role in such cross-border permitting decisions since, in this case, the pipeline would originate in Canada. The measure would need 60 votes to pass, and Obama has already lost two Democrats who back the proposal - Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Mary Landrieu - and is at risk of losing more moderates and vulnerable Democrats.
( Also on POLITICO: What did Harry Reid promise Bob Kerrey?)
The president has accused Republicans of playing politics with the pipeline, which is strongly opposed by the environmental community. He's called for more studies on the project before making final permitting decisions.
“As the President has made clear, we will ensure any project receives the important assessment it deserves, and the Administration will base a decision to provide a permit on the completion of that review, a process that was unfortunately blocked by Republicans in December,” White House spokesman Clark Stevens said in a statement. “Meanwhile we continue to take steps to support American-made energy, including doing all we can to expedite construction of a pipeline from Cushing, Okla., to refineries along the Gulf Coast. “
Sharia law enforcement officials cane a non-Muslim woman for selling alcohol in Takengon, in Aceh province, the first time someone from outside the Islamic faith has been punished there under strict religious laws (AFP Photo/)
An elderly Christian woman has been caned in a conservative Indonesian province for selling alcohol, the first time someone from outside the Islamic faith has been punished there under strict religious laws.
The 60-year was whipped nearly 30 times with a rattan cane before a crowd of hundreds in Aceh province Tuesday, an official said, along with a couple who were subjected to 100 lashes for committing adultery.
Aceh is the only province in the predominantly Muslim country that applies sharia law, and public canings for breaches of Islamic code happen on a regular basis and often attract huge crowds.
Those caught engaging in adultery, same-sex relationships, drinking and even associating with unmarried members of the opposite sex can end up facing the cane.
Though the law once only applied to Muslims, a bylaw that took effect late last year allowed sharia regulations to be applied to non-Muslims in certain situations, Lili Suparli, a senior official at the Central Aceh prosecutor's office told AFP.
"This is the first case of a non-Muslim being punished under Islamic criminal bylaw," he said, referring to the punishment of the Christian woman.
Aceh began implementing sharia law after being granted special autonomy in 2001, an effort by the central government in Jakarta to quell a long-running separatist insurgency.
Islamic laws have been strengthened since the province struck a peace deal with the central government in 2005.
More than 90 percent of Indonesians describe themselves as Muslim, but the vast majority practise a moderate form of the faith.
(CBS) LOS ANGELES - A family says that a slow response time by Los Angeles Fire Department paramedics contributed to the death of a 16-year-old, CBS Los Angeles reports.
Jesus Zambrano's family continues to mourn his sudden loss. He died in December 2012 and they continue to insist his loss was unnecessary, the station reports.
In the 911 call made by Nelson Rivas, Zambrano's soccer coach, he is heard frantically trying to get a dispatcher to send paramedics to the soccer field of the Wilmington Middle School - only the coach doesn't know the exact address.
The dispatcher can be heard saying, "Okay, that's not an address, sir. That's just the name of the school."
According to the station, Zambrano was playing soccer when he complained of having trouble breathing.
Rivas, and panicked parents, can all be heard trying to come up with the school's exact address.
Eight minutes later no ambulance was in sight, the station reports. Coach Rivas is again heard asking, "Where is the ambulance?," and the dispatcher again says, he needs an exact address.
CBS Los Angeles reports there is a fire house about 1.5 miles from the school's field.
Then, the station says, the first ambulance was sent to a wrong location. After 13 minutes go by, a second ambulance arrives but Zambrano could not be revived.
Heart surgeon Dr. Kathy Magliato told the station "those minutes are life and death to that person."
She says, "The data shows that for every one minute that you withhold CPR, your ability to survive that incident drops by ten percent so at the end of 10 minutes the mortality is almost 100 percent."
When a reporter from CBS Los Angeles asked LA City Fire Deputy Chief David Yamahata if the dispatcher could have simply pulled up Google Maps to find the school, he said, "Again, for a call taker to type in Wilmington Middle School they're not going to get an address, so we wouldn't be able to determine which resource to send."
That policy could soon change, the station reports. The address of every school is being entered into the 911 system so callers in the future will only have to give the name of the institution.
Zambrano's death remains under investigation by the Los Angeles Fire Department and the Los Angeles City Council.
PRINCETON, NJ -- Unemployment, as measured by Gallup without seasonal adjustment, was at 10.2% in mid-March -- essentially the same as the 10.3% at the end of February but higher than the 10.0% of mid-February and the 9.8% at the end of January. The U.S. unemployment rate is about the same today as the 10.3% rate Gallup found in mid-March a year ago.
The percentage of part-time workers who want full-time work was 9.7% in mid-March -- essentially unchanged from the 9.6% in both February measurements and higher than the 9.1% at the end of January. The percentage of the U.S. workforce that is working part time but wanting full-time work is the same now as was the case a year ago.
Broader Underemployment Was Unchanged in Mid-March
Underemployment, a measure that combines the percentage of part-time workers wanting full-time work with the percentage who are unemployed, was 19.9% in mid-March. Not surprisingly given the lack of change in its components, this is identical to the end-of-February reading, and is virtually the same as the 20.0% of mid-March a year ago.
Jobs Situation About the Same as It Was a Year Ago
The government's February report on the U.S. unemployment situation suggests that 192,000 jobs were created last month and the unemployment rate declined to 8.9%, down from 9.7% a year ago. Federal Reserve Bank of New York President William Dudley and others said they were encouraged by this report.
However, Gallup's unemployment and underemployment measures have not shown the same gains in early 2011. Gallup finds an unemployment rate (10.2%) and an underemployment rate (19.9%) for mid-March that are essentially the same as those from mid-March 2010.
In part, the difference between Gallup's and the government's current job market assessments may be due to the government's seasonal adjustments. Gallup's U.S. unemployment rate is also more up-to-date -- its mid-March data include jobless figures for much of March, whereas the government's latest unemployment rate is based on the jobs situation in mid-February.
Most importantly, a key reason the government's unemployment rate is dropping apparently has to do with the so-called participation rate: the percentage of Americans who are counted as being in the workforce. The government's participation rate in February was at its lowest level since 1984. In essence, this tends to suggest that the government's unemployment rate may be declining because many people are becoming discouraged and leaving the workforce -- not because they are getting new jobs.
If this is the case, then neither Gallup's unemployment report nor that provided by the government is good news for the economy. It is equally bad news if people are out of work and looking for a job or just too discouraged to say they continue to do so. Either way, a lack of sufficient job creation to increase employment among those who want to work remains a major obstacle to U.S. economic growth in the months ahead.
Gallup.com reports results from these indexes in daily, weekly, and monthly averages and in Gallup.com stories. Complete trend data are always available to view and export in the following charts:
Daily: Employment, Economic Confidence and Job Creation, Consumer Spending
Weekly: Employment, Economic Confidence, Job Creation, Consumer Spending
Read more about Gallup's economic measures.
View our economic release schedule.
Caitlyn Jenner is one of the faces to feature in a new sportswear campaign from Swedish clothing giant H&M.
The ‘For Every Victory' campaign comes just a couple of weeks before the Olympics kick off in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil.
H&M has recruited the transgender, Olympic medal winner to front the campaign launch. Jenner won gold in the Decathlon in 1976 in Montreal.
In a statement about the campaign, H&M says it ‘celebrates the power of sport and self-belief to transform people's lives.'
Narrating a montage of footage, which includes a diverse range of sports people, Jenner – wearing items from the H&M sportswear range – talks about the challenges she has faced in living her true gender identity:
‘I felt like I couldn't do it alone, or with the entire world watching my every step.
‘I fought to belong, and for my right to be different. I felt trapped by my body and by what others expected of me.
‘I had to find strength within me that I didn't know I had. I questioned whether it was really worth it, nothing came easy. But nothing truly important ever does. To keep going no matter what the obstacles are, is what victory looks like. Whether you are representing your country, or yourself.'
Talking about her involvement with the campaign, Jenner said in a statement, ‘I truly believe in the power of sports to bring positive change to people's lives. This is why I'm so proud to be part of the For Every Victory campaign, because it reminds me of the strength and bravery of people around the world to be their authentic selves and overcome any obstacles that may come their way.'
Also featured in the film are Chelsea Werner, a gymnast with Down's syndrome, female Cuban boxer Namibia Flores, surfer Mike Coots – who lost a leg in a shark attack – and members of the Kings Cross Steelers – a gay rugby team from London, UK.
In a statement to Gay Star Business about their involvement, Christopher Kang, a Steelers First VX player who features in the advert said, ‘For over 20 years, the Steelers have been helping hundreds of gay and bisexual men to build confidence and strength of character through the sport of rugby.
‘Perhaps due to our history and place in the community, we were approached by H&M about getting involved in a new ad that celebrates sports and diversity.
‘We were honoured to be asked and the guys really enjoyed being a part of it…despite having to spend a cold March day standing around in kit!'
‘For me it was the most freeing moment ever. Being able to be honest with someone about who you are'
To tie in with the campaign launch, H&M posted a longer video interview with Jenner in which she discussed her ‘greatest victories'. She talks about being dyslexic, her gender issues, discovering her sporting talent, and the Olympics.
‘When you have gender issues, you have a tendency to isolate yourself from people, and you are certainly afraid to tell anybody,' she says of the moment in 1970 when she first shared her ‘secret'.
‘The first person I told was my first wife, Chrystie, and this is actually after we had gotten married because I thought I had everything under control. She was kind of shocked, as most people are, but for me it was the most freeing moment ever. Being able to be honest with someone about who you are.'
She says she considers her children to be her life's greatest accomplishment – far more than her gold medal, which she says she now keeps in a drawer with her nail colors.
She also talks about the moment in 1984 when she first seriously thought about transitioning after seeing a TV program that featured a gender clinic in Orange County, California.
Although she didn't announce to the world her desire to transition until 2015, she says the decision to ‘live life as Caitlyn' was the ‘biggest victory of all.'
H&M developed its ‘For Every Victory' line in collaboration with the Swedish Olympic team. It has also designed the uniforms for the Olympic and Paralympic teams for Rio 2016.
Last year, & Other Stories, a smaller fashion brand owned by H&M, used transgender models – including Valentijn de Hugh and Hari Nef – as part of a video campaign
The H&M Group has more than 3,900 stores in 61 countries, and 148,000 employees. Its 2015 sales totaled $24.4billion/€22billion.
In an appearance on Fox News Thursday, Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus (pictured March 4) downplayed the significance of his meeting with Donald Trump in Washington, D.C. | Getty Priebus: Everyone will support the eventual nominee
Reince Priebus is confident that despite recent wavering from the candidates on whether they'd honor their pledge to support their party's eventual nominee, everyone will eventually get in line — and he's got leverage to help his cause.
“They're not gonna get the data and the tools of the RNC … and tell me they're not gonna support the nominee, it doesn't work that way,” the Republican National Committee chairman said in an appearance on Fox News Thursday.
As Trump sparked a series of controversial headlines on the trail and in interviews over the past week, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich have both called into question their support if Trump is the nominee. And on Tuesday, Trump was clear that he wasn't holding to his pledge: "No, I don't anymore,” he said during CNN's town hall.
Preibus also downplayed his meeting with Donald Trump on Thursday, which had not been publicly announced.
He said it was scheduled “days ago” after they knew that Trump would be coming into Washington and that they talked about “pretty normal stuff, actually.”
“We had a good meeting, and we talked a little bit about the process, a little bit about the convention,” Preibus said. “We did talk about unity,” he added, confirming comments Trump had made in an interview that is set to air on Bill O'Reilly Thursday night.
“It was a very good meeting. We met with Reince Priebus and the staff. They are very good people, very actually terrific meeting I think. It's really a unity meeting,” Trump said according to a transcript.
Image source: Chicago Climate Action Plan
Mayor Richard M. Daly laid out a plan to cut Chicago's emissions to 3/4 of 1990 levels by 2020, announced yesterday in an ambitious and comprehensive Chicago Climate Change Action Plan, reports Chicago's NBC5. Not only is this plan designed to slash greenhouse gases, but it will also improve air and water quality and environmental health, ultimately improving quality of life. The plan includes 29 actions that the city must take, which the Natural Resources Defense Council says are challenging but do-able. Businesses, Residents and Visitors can all be part of the action by checking out the plan online: Chicago Climate Action Plan
Part of the plan also includes nine adaptation measures to deal with changes that are going to come and can't be avoided. Things like "a heat warning system, reducing summer energy use, improving air quality, preparing for increases in rainfall and flooding, reducing erosion along Lake Michigan's shoreline and planting vegetation that can adapt to climate change." Funding has been set aside for some of the changes, but additional funding will be needed to complete all projects.What is included in the plan?
The plan includes 29 actions that are broken down into different sectors. Commercial buildings will be encouraged to reduce energy consumption and building codes will be updated to promote construction and redevelopment around the city using better technology. Citizens will be given incentives for improving home energy use. Solar on commercial rooftops, alternative vehicle fueling stations around the city and incentives to improve public transportation use are also under consideration or planned for development.
Chicago has also distributed over 1 million CFLs over the last few years and planted over half a million trees. Not to mention Chicago has been a big fan of the green roofs, installing them all over downtown, and even passed a comprehensive stormwater management ordinance recently.
Chicago and Climate Change
Chicago currently emits 34.6 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions, and when you include the surrounding county, that number skyrockets to 103 million metric tons. Since 1980, temperatures in Chicago have already risen 2.6 degrees F on average (4 degrees F in the winter) and scientists in the Netherlands predict that summers in Chicago could top 115 degrees F by the end of the century if emission levels continue unabated.
Its great that Chicago is taking such a strong stance on climate change. Committing to and actively working to drop emissions way below 1990 levels and in a fairly short time-frame. The best that we can hope is that Chicago will be using the best available technology today and achieving its goals, with the hope that a few years from now, with new technology they can even beat their stated goal with even greater reductions. Aim high, Chicago!
Chicago is a member of the ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability.
:NBC5 Chicago::Chicago Climate Action Plan
The Monarch Butterfly Biosphere Reserve (Spanish: Reserva de Biosfera de la Mariposa Monarca) is a World Heritage Site containing most of the over-wintering sites of the eastern population of the monarch butterfly. The reserve is located in the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt pine-oak forests ecoregion on the border of Michoacán and State of Mexico, 100 km (62 miles), northwest of Mexico City. Millions of butterflies arrive in the reserve annually. Butterflies only inhabit a fraction of the 56,000 hectares of the reserve from October–March. The biosphere's mission is to protect the butterfly species and its habitat.
Most of the over-wintering monarchs from eastern North America are found here. Western researchers discovered these areas in 1975. Presidential decrees in the 1980s and 2000 designated these still privately held areas as a federal reserve. The Reserve was declared a Biosphere Reserve in 1980 and a World Heritage Site in 2008. The reserve remains predominantly rural. Reserve administrators continue to be concerned with deleterious effects of illegal logging and tourism. Conservation efforts sometimes conflict with the interests of local farmers, community-based landowners, private landowners and indigenous people.[1][2]
History [ edit ]
The reserve was established in 1980 by President José López Portillo. In the late 1980s reserve management was delegated to the Secretariat of Urban Development and Ecology. It was at this time assigned the category of “special biosphere reserve.” In 1986, the area and boundaries of the zones were defined.[3] In 2000, it received its name (Reserva de la Biosfera Mariposa Monarca).[4][5] UNESCO declared the biosphere a World Heritage site in 2008 as a Natural Asset.[5] Currently the area is known for tourism, logging, mining and farming. It has remained mostly rural, noted for communities of Otomi and Mazahua.[3]
Monarch migration [ edit ]
Cluster of monarchs on a tree limb near Angangueo
Millions of butterflies travel south into Mexico, from Texas and then follow the Sierra Madre Oriental mountains to the preserve.[6][3][7] The butterflies congregate, clustering onto pine and oyamel trees. To many, the trees appear orange and branches sag from the weight. In spring, these butterflies migrate across America, sometimes ending up in Eastern Canada. Over the time it takes them to make this journey, four generations of monarch butterflies are born and die.[7] The monarch butterflies migration patterns are altered by climate change. During migration, monarchs fly north once they are exposed to cooler temperatures.[8] Dense congregations are thought to conserve heat.[7][9][10] If warmed by the sun, the butterflies take flight. The beating of their wings has been compared to the sound of a light rain.[7][11] The reserve is susceptible to lethal, freezing temperatures.[citation needed]
Ecosystem [ edit ]
Geography and forest cover [ edit ]
View of the forest area of the reserve
The reserve extends from the mountainous forests of eastern Michoacán to western Mexico State 100 km northwest of Mexico City.[3][10] The reserve in Michoacán contains the highest elevations in the state, including peaks that reach 2,700 masl (metres above sea level). The climate is classified as being temperate and somewhat moist with a rainy season in the summer. The average maximum temperature is 22 °C (71 °F). Sub-climates exist in this area: cool and semi moist, semi cold and semi moist, and cold and semi moist.[3]
The reserve is characterized by outcroppings of basalt forming fissures, faults and cliffs in a northeast-southwest orientation. Rock formations have replaced older ones such as volcanic cones and old lava beds. The soil is highly permeable, resulting in little surface water. There are some small ponds and arroyos.[3][12] The forests of pine and oyamel fir trees provide microclimates that provide shelter when temperatures fall to freezing and/or there are winter rains.[12]
This area is predominantly covered in forests. The composition of the forest varies with altitude:
holm oak up to 2900 masl
holm oak and pine between 1500 and 3000 masl
oyamel fir between 2400 and 3600 masl.
Below 2400 masl, there are small areas with junipers, cedars, and meadows. Areas have been modified by agriculture and human settlements.
Fauna [ edit ]
The wildlife in the area ranges from the sub-tropical to the sub-arctic including a number of species that are endemic only to this area. These include white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), coyotes (Canis latrans), long-tailed weasels (Mustela frenata), grey foxes (Urocyon cinereoargenteus), rabbits (Sylvilagus spp.), crows (Corvus corax), turkey buzzards (Cathartes aura), horned owls (Bubo virginianus)(A), as well as various types of hummingbirds, reptiles and amphibians.[3]
Monarchs in flight
There are fourteen major butterfly colonies located in these rugged forested mountains, which account for more than half of colonies of the monarch butterfly's eastern U.S./Canada population. It is estimated that up to a billion individuals spend winter here in any given year.[7] These colonies are dense, with between six and sixty million butterflies per hectare.[11] The reserve areas are found in the municipalities of Ocampo, Angangueo, Zitácuaro and Contepec in Michoacán and Donato Guerra, Villa de Allende and Temascalcingo in the State of Mexico. They are divided into five principal zones or nuclei.[3]
Eight of the fourteen colonies are in the protected area.[7] The colonies proper cover only 4.7 hectares,[11] but the protected biosphere area covers 56,259 hectares.[7][10] Five colonies are open to visitors: Sierra Chincua and El Rosario in Michoacan, and La Mesa, Piedra Herrada and El Capulin in the State of Mexico. There are other colonies near San José Villa de Allende and Ixtapan del Oro, but they are not actively promoted for tourism because of the risk of harm to these butterfly colonies.[13] El Rosario is the largest sanctuary in Michoacán, where the butterflies cover about 1,500 trees.[9]
While the Biosphere still has problems with infrastructure, most notably with trash (especially around parking and merchant areas), a number of improvements have been recently made, most notably in the sanctuary of El Rosario. These include well-defined footpaths with security patrols and stone/or concrete steps in steep places to help against erosion. Horsepaths were also eliminated for erosion reasons.[14] Only two areas have significant installations. In the Sierra Chincua there is a research facility dedicated to the monarch butterfly and a nursery for reforestation efforts. At Cerro El Companario there are facilities for tourism.[3]
Conservation [ edit ]
Conservation efforts were first intended to protect the butterflies. Research, conservation and other efforts are now focused on preserving the habitat.[15] The interests of residents, landowners, farmers, farmer cooperatives, and local communities have been taken into account regarding conservation but conflicting interests remain.[12] Even though the Mexican government designated the area as a biosphere reserve most of the area of the preserve is owned by 38 ejidos, seven indigenous communities and 16 private holdings.[3] The survival of the species depends on a large number of habitats from Canada, the United States and Mexico during its annual migration cycle. The three countries adopted a plan in 2008 for the conservation of the butterfly's habitat through its migration routes.[16] Within the Biosphere in Mexico, the greatest threats to the butterfly habitat are deforestation, illegal logging, unorganized tourism, forest fires and lack of cooperation among various authorities.[3][12] Most of these dangers come from the surrounding human settlements, which put pressure on the natural areas to provide agricultural space and forestry products such as fuel and wood for manufacturing furniture and other crafts. The main human communities in the area are Contepec, Temascalcingo, Angangueo, Ocampo, San Felipe del Progreso, Zitácuaro, Villa de Allende and Donato Guerra. The closest urban center is Zitácuaro, whose growth has promoted the growth of the other, more rural settlements.[3]
In spite of this, most of the area is still occupied by dispersed rural farming communities of Otomi and Mazahua peoples, especially on the Mexico State side.[3][12] Many of the protected hectares do not belong to the government directly, rather they are lands divided among 59 ejidos, thirteen indigenous communities and 21 individual holdings. Because of this and the fact that the reserve is divided by a state line, conservation efforts are complicated. Many communities in this region are very poor, with high illiteracy rates and childhood malnutrition, with scarce access to basic services. In the past, mining provided much of the area's jobs but mines have since been depleted and most live on subsistence agriculture. These communities also have a tradition of exploiting forest areas, mostly to obtain wood for furniture making and other crafts. High unemployment, especially for youth, also provokes migration out into other parts of Mexico and to the United States or Canada.[12]
Most of the butterfly colony areas still host economic activities such as subsistence farming and livestock raising. In some areas, such as Sierra Chincua, Cerro Pelon and El Rosario, there are still problems with illegal logging to supply local fuel needs as well as for raw materials for handicrafts.[3][9] El Rosario is named after the local ejido which belongs to about 10,000 “campesinos” or rural farmers. Many of these people make a living through farming and the sale of handcrafts and foods to tourists.[9] Information about the butterflies is insufficient as it is not know the full extent of their wintering areas, nor the ecology of the area. Because of this, it is not known how large the reserve really needs to be for the preservation of the butterfly.[3]
Conservation is mostly done through restrictions on the lands but the management of the reserve has not had direct participation by the communities affected by it.[3][12] Some public and private entities have worked with communities to develop incentives to conserve forests and take advantage of the tourism that the butterflies bring. However, success in this has been spotty.[12] Some communities are pushing back against the restrictions and demanding to be allowed to use more land for agriculture.[9]
Since conservation efforts began, there has been progress. While infrastructure is still lacking, advances have been made in areas such as trash control and control of access into the protected areas.[11] One effort by the World Wildlife Fund has been the coordination of international biologists and ecologists to improve the design of the reserve.[12] A permanent monitoring system has been established to ensure the forests remain healthy and control clandestine logging and forest fires. On the Mexico State side, the largest sanctuary is located between San José Villa de Allende and Ixtapan del Oro. It is not actively promoted for tourism to keep damage to the area to a minimum.(StateMex) During winter 2008-2009, there are plans to tag as many of the wintering butterflies as possible using very light self-stick tracers as to not impede their flight. The purpose of this is to determine the butterflies exact migration route as they fly back north to the U.S. and Canada in the spring.[14] Butterfly counts coming in from the United States and Canada in recent years were relatively stable in the 2000s, with a dozen confirmed colonies as of the 2007-2008 winter. Colonies number varies; in 2004/2005 there were only seven. In general, the number of colonies varies between eight and twelve.[11]
Tourism [ edit ]
Five of the eight colonies are located in Michoacán but only two are open to the public: Sierra Chincua in Angangueo and El Rosario in Ocampo. Both receive visitors starting from November until March. They offer guided tours.[4] In the State of Mexico, La Mesa and El Capulin are open to the public.[13] These reserves are visited by thousands of Mexican and international tourists, principally from the United States, Canada, Spain, France, Germany and Japan.[9] The best known and most visited of the butterfly colonies is El Rosario.[11]
In February, Angangueo celebrates its Festival de la Mariposa Monarca (Monarch Butterfly Festival) .[17] This festival began in 1992 to promote awareness of the butterfly habitat, take advantage of the ecotourism it offers and promote the culture and arts of the area. The festival includes events related to food, music, dance and exhibitions of arts, crafts and more. Many of the surrounding communities participate including Aporo, Contepec, Hidalgo, Irimbo, Jungapeo, Maravatío, Ocampo, Senguio, Tuxpan, Tlalpujahua and Zitácuaro.[18] In 2010, the festival included the participation of the Symphonic Orchestra of Michoacan, The Enrico Caruso Ensemble, and the showing of an exhibition called "Papaloapan" about the monarchs by visual artist Luis Moro, as well as dance and photography workshops. These events took place at venues in Angangueo and other nearby communities.[19] A new photographic exhibition has been assembled to highlight the connection between the migration and the people of Michoacán.[20]
In January 2016 Google search devoted its Google doodle to The 41st anniversary of the discovery of the Mountain of the Butterflies.[21]
See also [ edit ]
Cuban troops are protecting American business interests in Angola from attacks by antigovernment rebels supported and armed by the United States and South Africa.
About 2,000 Cubans, part of an estimated 35,000 troops sent to Angola by Fidel Castro, are stationed here around the Gulf Cabinda oil installation, the country`s largest, which was the target of a failed sabotage attempt by South African forces last year.
The airport terminal building, municipal water supply and an electric-power facility in nearby Cabinda have been the target of attacks by saboteurs this year.
The U.S. has no formal diplomatic relations with Angola and has supported efforts to overthrow its Marxist government since independence from Portugal was gained in 1975.
Asked if protecting American interests was what he expected a Cuban soldier to do, Capt. Pedro Valdez Alfonso said no. ''We are not here to protect Americans, but Angolan economic targets,'' he said. ''Everything that smells of the enemy we will annihilate.''
Gulf Cabinda is 49 percent owned by Chevron Corp. and 51 percent owned by Sonangol, the Angolan government oil company.
About 200 Americans work at the facility, where daily production totals 190,000 barrels of oil and 6,000 gallons of liquid propane gas.
The fact that Cuban soldiers protect Americans and American economic interests in a Marxist country from attack by an American ally and rebels armed with American weapons points up the confounding and contradictory nature of U.S. policy.
The U.S. is Angola`s No. 1 trading partner. It consumes, with the help of other Western nations, the majority of the Angolan oil exports.
Angola also is the third-largest outlet for American products in Africa. More than 30 major U.S. corporations engage in business here and the government says it would welcome more.
Yet despite Angola`s mixed economy and support from traditionally conservative American business interests, the U.S. government views the country as a Soviet client.
The U.S. has provided arms and financial assistance to antigovernment rebels, but it has done little to woo Angola to the West.
When the Portuguese pulled out of Angola in 1975, the country was left in nearly total disarray.
Buildings, automotive equipment and vital records were destroyed. There were about 45 doctors left and a mostly uneducated and unskilled population.
Although the U.S. and other Western powers were reluctant to help, Cuba was not. It sent in 400 physicians and began a literacy program. It also sent soldiers.
They came at the Angolan government`s request after the South Africans, supported by rebels from UNITA, the National Union for the Total Liberation of Angola, launched a drive in late 1975 on Luanda, the national capital.
With Cuban assistance, the attack was repulsed.
Both UNITA and South Africa have continued their campaign against the Angolan government, and Cuban forces have remained in the country in varying numbers, providing defense of areas north of the 15th parallel, including Cabinda.
South Africa, with U.S. backing, has set the removal of the Cubans as a precondition of its granting of independence to Namibia, the sole remaining colony on the continent.
But Angolan officials say the Cubans will stay as long as South Africa continues its efforts to destabilize the country.
Among the Cubans` duties are to stand guard around--but not fraternize with--Americans brought in by the government to run the country`s oil industry.
Tom Willoughby, operations manager at Gulf Cabinda, said his American workers are not permitted to leave the installation compound, ''except on an absolute-need basis.''
He described the compound as a self-contained community with many of the comforts of the U.S. as well as its own water, electric and microwave telephone system and a nine-hole golf course.
American employees work 28 days, then are off 28 days, and earn 45 percent more pay than their counterparts in the U.S.
Willoughby said he saw no need for the company to cave in to pressures from conservatives in the U.S. who want American business interests to pull out of Angola.
''The fields would not shut down because there are others here who could run this facility,'' he said.
Asked about concern among workers that they may be the target of attack by antigovernment elements, Dwayne Greenwell, of Georgetown, Tex., said:
''People come in knowing what the situation is. But they have some anxieties.''
He said he thought ''it would be advantageous for the U.S. to have closer ties with Angola. We have ties with Russia and China. You don`t have to be friends, but if there is no contact, you can`t talk.''
In theory, Mitt Romney's selection of Paul Ryan as his running mate has the potential to turn this Presidential campaign into a substantive ideological debate over the proper role and size of government in the United States. And the general reaction from the media has been that this is, in fact, what Ryan's selection will mean—as the New York Times put it in a banner front-page headline today, by putting Ryan on the ticket, Romney is “pushing fiscal issues to the forefront.” But if that kind of clarifying, substantive debate is in fact to materialize, Ryan (and Romney) will need to be a lot more explicit, and a lot more honest, about what their budget proposals would actually do to the U.S. government.
That may sound a bit strange, since so many stories about Ryan emphasize how serious and wonky he is, and insist that, unlike most politicians, he's actually willing to talk in detail about the policies he's advocating. Yet the reality of Ryan's approach is actually very different. His tax plan, for instance, calls for trillions of dollars in tax cuts (heavily weighted, of course, toward high-income earners), but also claims to be revenue-neutral, since Ryan says that the tax cuts will be offset by eliminating loopholes and tax subsidies. But when it comes to detailing exactly what loopholes and subsidies he wants to get rid of, Ryan clams up—just as Romney has done with his tax plan. This is politically astute, since eliminating the tax benefits that have a substantive budget impact would mean eliminating things voters love, like the mortgage-tax deduction. But it's a far cry from being honest and tough-minded.
Similarly, while Ryan has been reasonably upfront about his plans for Social Security (which he wants to privatize) and Medicare (which he wants to turn into a defined-contribution, rather than a defined-benefit, plan), he has been both substantively and rhetorically obfuscatory when it comes to the way his budget cuts would, over time, radically shrink the federal government, and effectively make it impossible for the government to do most of what it does today. As the Congressional Budget Office analysis of Ryan's budget makes clear, Ryan's plan would mean that by 2050, all of the government's discretionary spending (including the defense budget) would account for less than four per cent of G.D.P. Since defense spending in the postwar era has never been less than three per cent of G.D.P., and since Romney has said during the campaign that he doesn't want defense spending to be below four per cent of G.D.P., this means that the only way for Ryan's numbers to work would be to effectively eliminate nearly all non-defense discretionary spending, including not just much of the social safety net but infrastructure spending, R. & D. investment, federal support for education, air-traffic control, regulatory and public safety spending, and so on. This would be, needless to say, a radical remaking of the federal government. Indeed, as I wrote in a column earlier this year, with the exception of support for health care and retirement, it would basically return the federal government to something like its nineteenth-century role—and early nineteenth-century at that.
Good luck getting Ryan (let alone Romney) to admit this to you. While Ryan is good at talking about the need to shrink government spending, he's actually not forthright about what this would actually mean to voters. While he goes into more detail about his short-term spending cuts (which would be targeted largely at areas like aid to the working poor, education, and so on) than about the tax loopholes he would supposedly close, he refrains from explaining how, exactly, the government would function if discretionary spending were just 0.75 per cent of G.D.P. Indeed, when Ryan Lizza interviewed him for this magazine, Ryan said, “We think government should do what it does really well, but that it has limits, and obviously within those limits are things like infrastructure, interstate highways, and airports.” But his own budget proposal would, in practice, make it impossible for the government to invest in and maintain infrastructure, highways, and airports. That kind of rhetorical two-step is par for the course for Ryan—he says he wants a “full-throated defense” of the Republican agenda, but he's adept at disguising the radicalness of his proposals, as when he describes his proposed cuts to things like Medicaid as “strengthening the social safety net.”
Ryan has been able to pull off this bait-and-switch game, and win the hearts of many Washington pundits, because his earnest, wonky manner makes it seem as if he's a hard-nosed pragmatist who's just listening to what the numbers tell him. (In Slate yesterday, Will Saletan, in a column extolling Romney's choice, wrote that while he would be voting for Obama this time around, he could easily imagine voting for Ryan in 2016, which is an utterly incoherent position, something like voting for John F. Kennedy in 1960 and Barry Goldwater in 1964.) But Ryan is not a pragmatist; he is an ideologue. His budget proposals are driven not by the demands of America's current fiscal situation, but rather by deeply held convictions about the need to limit government power. There's absolutely nothing wrong with this—if you believe that “big” government destroys personal initiative and strangles the economy, and that the current tax system is morally offensive and economically destructive, then you need to not just tinker with the system, but to remake it. What's wrong is that, so far, Ryan hasn't been honest about the fact that this is what he wants to do—probably because most voters, including most Republicans, don't actually want to dramatically shrink the government. Perhaps this campaign will change that. But I'm not holding my breath.
For more on Romney, Ryan, and the rest of the campaign, bookmark The Political Scene, our hub for coverage of the 2012 election.
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
If you check Subaru's public website or one of your local dealers, you can still order a Subaru Impreza WRX hatchback in the States – in fact, you can even choose between a 2013MY and 2014MY, possibly negotiating a lower price in the process.
However, that's the outgoing model, not the new, non-Impreza-labeled 2015 WRX and WRX STI that are available for pre-order exclusively as four-door sedans.
We haven't heard anything about Subaru having plans for five-door hatchback iterations of the series, with the Japanese carmaker stating that sedan models are more popular and also provide better potential for growth in this sports category.
You never know if they'll change their minds down the road, but for now, the only thing we can give you is this rendering from RM Design that turned the WRX STI sedan into a hatch, complete with a big rear spoiler.
By John Halas
Photo Courtesy of RM Design
PHOTO GALLERY
One of our FrogFest 28 presented by White's Farm Supply headliners is Eric Paslay and this guy is seriously talented. He recently appeared on a national country morning show performing his rendition of the Bill Withers classic, 'Ain't No Sunshine.' What will he have up his sleeve for our July 23rd show?
One of the coolest things about Eric is his appreciation of all types of music. That is what makes him such a good writer. If you saw him open for Dierks Bentley at The AUD , or Brad Paisley in Syracuse you, know how versatile he really is.
Advanced sale tickets for #FrogFest28 are available online now at a discounted rate. You can get them at any area Price Chopper locations beginning Sunday, June 5th, 2016. Don't miss this amazing show and rodeo for the first time at Utica-Rome Speedway .
MORE: The Beadle Brothers Will Return to FrogFest 2016
Photo by Charlotte Zoller
In an interview with Billboard, Justin Vernon said that Bon Iver was indeed offered to play the Grammys-- but only if the band collaborated with another artist. And so as not to compromise their music, they declined.
Vernon told Billboard, "We wanted to play our music, but we were told that we couldn't play. We had to do a collaboration with someone else. And we just felt like it was such a large stage. We're getting nominated for this record that we made, me and Brian [Joseph] and a bunch of our fucking friends, and we were given accolades for it. And all of a sudden we were being asked to play music that had nothing to do with that. We kind of said 'fuck you' a little bit and they sort of acted like they wanted us to play, but I don't think they wanted us to play."
Vernon described the proposed collaborators as "awesome people" and "people that [he] would love to play a song with." But, he said, "fuckin' rock n' roll should not be decided by people that have that job. Rock n' roll should be the fucking people with guitars around their backs. And their friends. And their managers."
Commenting on the band's Grammys commercial spot, Vernon said, "There's a big misunderstanding-- I don't want to sell music. But if people are going to be selling music, and they want to sell our music without disturbing the medium of what it actually is, we want to fucking do that. I want people to hear the music that we make. I don't want to do it in any shitty way."
As you may recall, it's not the first time Vernon has voiced his opinion on the Grammys, which air February 12.
UPDATE: Watch a newscast from WEAU in Vernon's hometown of Eau Claire, Wisconsin that interviews Vernon's parents and takes you to his childhood home.
Watch the video for "Holocene":
Embedded content is unavailable.
SALEM, Ore. --- The Domino's Pizza shop on Silverton Road is known for its delivery and carryout service. Now it's known for its life-saving skills as well.
On Sunday, a team of employees at the northeast Salem store were talking about how long it had been since they'd heard from one of their regular customers, Kirk Alexander.
The middle-aged man was known, especially among evening shift drivers, for his near-daily order, which varied and which he placed almost daily for more than seven years.
Realizing that they hadn't heard from him for a few days, Sarah Fuller, the store's general manager, worked with her assistant manager Jenny Seiber, and together they looked up his last order. They discovered 11 days had lapsed since he'd last phoned in for pizza, wings or a sandwich.
"Several of our drivers had commented that they hadn't seen an order come through for him recently," Fuller said. "And when we looked it up, we knew instantly it wasn't normal."
Concerned because they knew he had some health problems, they tried calling his phone number, but it immediately went to voicemail, said Fuller, who has been the general manager since 2011.
"It was about 1 a.m. Sunday morning, and we weren't terribly busy," Fuller said. "So I asked one of our regular drivers who knew Alexander to stop by the customer's home on Penticton Circle NE and check it out. We all know Kirk and he only lives about 6 minutes from our store, so the whole team was concerned."
The driver reported back that no one was answering the door, but that the interior lights and television set were on.
The team back at the store told the driver to call 911 immediately.
When a sheriff's unit arrived on the scene, deputies could hear a man calling for help from inside the residence, said Lt. Chris Baldridge with the Marion County Sheriff's Office. They forced entry into the home, and found Alexander, 48, on the floor and in need of "immediate medical attention."
Fuller said several members of the staff, herself and Seiber included, have visited Alexander in the hospital, but they're trying not to tax him. They said he smiled and nodded when he saw them, indicating he knew the role the staff played in his getting help.
Jenny Fouracre, director of public relations at Domino's headquarters in Ann Arbor, Mich., said the Salem's store's efforts to help Alexander were consistent with the customer service message they try to deliver.
"We are proud of our team members who took the initiative to reach out and help a regular customer who was in distress," Fouracre said. "There are thousands of Domino's stores across the country, but every store is really a part of their neighborhood, delivering to people in their homes, which means we often get to know our customers well. We have many stories of how our stores have helped regular customers in ways that are big and small over the years, which is a level of customer service and commitment to our communities that we hope everyone will emulate."
Fuller agreed.
"We're like a family here, and we were glad we were able to do something to help," Fuller said. "We hope he's able to fully recover from this."
Mark Glyzewski, a spokesman for Salem Health, said Alexander was in fair condition.
Follow @CATMCurrie on Twitter.
YORKTOWN, N.Y. — Donald J. Trump, who is the leading Republican contender for president, is known for splashing his name across everything: casinos, office buildings, golf courses, apartment towers and hotels.
For the most part, even his detractors have grudgingly accepted this as one of the brash real estate developer's peccadilloes. But after making inflammatory comments about women, Mexican immigrants and, most recently, Muslims, some critics are demanding that his name be removed from one very public place: a state park.
The park is in Westchester and Putnam Counties in New York, straddling the Taconic State Parkway. Called (no surprise) Donald J. Trump State Park, the property was donated to the state in 2006 after Mr. Trump's plan to develop a golf course there was derailed by environmental and permitting roadblocks.
Since then, the state Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation has made virtually no investment in the 435-acre park, which has no dedicated maintenance staff and, unlike most Trump properties, exudes a feeling of decay and abandonment. Despite a sign stating that the park is open from dawn to dusk, a kiosk at the entrance was empty on a recent visit — no trail map and none of the usual warnings about ticks and Lyme disease.
Iran's state-run Press TV showed footage on Monday evening of a man who claimed to have been trained by the Mossad and been involved in the assassination of an Iranian nuclear scientist in Tehran last year.
The unidentified man, arrested by Iran's intelligence service, said he had travelled to Israel for meetings with Mossad operatives.
Unidentified Iranian man who claimed to have been trained by the Mossad in Israel. Television
"There were two new men that I met, two Israeli officers who knew Hebrew perfectly," the man told the camera. "We arrived at the airport in Tel Aviv and at passport control I was asked a question and since I didnt know Hebrew it aroused the suspicion of the official."
"At that moment, the person responsible for me came and presented a ticket, took my passport and we went a different way," he said. "We exited Tel Aviv on the highway towards Jerusalem and after half an hour arrived at Mossad headquarters, which is located on the main road between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem."
The man described what he assumed was "Mossad headquarters": A building surrounded by a 3-4 kilometer long wall and encircled by an electric fence.
He also described how, allegedly, the Mossad assassinated Iranian nuclear scientist Masoud Ali-Mohammadi.
The man said that Israeli agents trained him in surveillance, counter-surveillance and how to stick a bomb under a car. He also said he learned how to use a motorcycle bomb.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The man went on to describe how he was supposedly asked to assassinate Ali-Mohammadi.
"At the headquarters near Tel Aviv, I was trained and I received precise details on Dr. Al-Mohammadi and the surroundings of his home, so that I would be completely familiar with the area and the operational conditions of the assassination."
Earlier on Monday, Iranian media reported Iran had arrested a spy network linked to the Mossad.
A remote-controlled bomb killed Ali-Mohammadi, a scientist at Tehran University on Jan. 12 last year.
In November, an Iranian nuclear scientist was assassinated and another seriously wounded in parallel hits in Tehran. All three attacks were blamed by Iranian authorities on the Mossad, as well as the British MI6 and American CIA.
The assassinations embarrassed the Iranian regime and security officials vowed to find the perpetrators.
Monday's announcement and television interview appear to be an attempt by Iran's government to show its public that it succeeded at least partially in that mission.
Amazon Gold Ventures is pleased to announce that the company is completing listing requirements with the Frankfurt market to gain a listing on the exchange. Amazon Gold Ventures has announced plans to list on a major stock exchange, namely the German Frankfurt exchange. The listing process is currently well under way and the company is looking forward to releasing further details in the very near future.
Description:
Amazon Gold Ventures Ltd. is in the process of identifying and qualifying existing independent gold mining operations in Colombia, Peru and Brazil. Through our associates and partners, the Company provides a team of engineers and mining industry experts to enable and assist growth directly in exchange for co-ownership and royalties in each mine or exploration project. The Company is primarily focused on partnering solely with operating gold mining projects and ventures, which have already completed the exploration phase of their operation. Once engaged, to enhance and maximize resources in the field, the Company compiles and reviews basic information records and geological-mining cartography structured and supported on new Geographic Information Systems (GIS) where data relating to mines in operations, historical production, reserves, free areas and environmental restrictions can be readily found, as well as geological maps, mining charts, and mineral occurrence charts in concert with current operators. Over the next three years, we will be partnering with an array of mines located in Colombia, Peru and Brazil. The Company will qualify each project or venture by reviewing claims and existing operations on a territory-by-territory basis.
I love this pattern! I had a similar pair of socks in the 90's and I wore them until they fell apart. I was so happy to find this pattern!
I didn't do any additional repeats for the back heel, aside for the rows 1-4 required by the pattern…otherwise the heel was going to be HUGE.
I had this yarn sitting around for a long while and finally decided to use it for something. It's probably not the best yarn for socks, but it is soft.
2/3 of the way through this project I lost it! It took a week or so to track down my knitting bag and then had some trouble getting back into working on these socks…I found them in my knitting box this week and decided to finally finish them! They turned out so cute! :)
A divided panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit has affirmed a federal district court's nationwide injunction against the Obama administration's Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA) program in Texas v. United States. Twenty-six states filed suit against the program on both procedural and substantive grounds. The Fifth Circuit's decision yesterday increases the likelihood that the lawfulness of DAPA will be resolved by the U.S. Supreme Court, perhaps even as early as next spring (depending on how the administration responds to the ruling).
In an extensive, 70-page ruling, Judge Jerry Smith (joined by Judge Jennifer Elrod) concluded that the states had standing to challenge DAPA and were likely to succeed on both their procedural and substantive claims. Among other things, Judge Smith concluded that DAPA is not authorized under existing law, nor is it justified by historical practice. In reaching this conclusion, Judge Smith cites King v. Burwell, among other recent Supreme Court decisions.
From the majority opinion:
DAPA would make 4.3 million otherwise removable aliens eligible for lawful presence, employment authorization, and associated benefits, and “we must be guided to a degree by common sense as to the manner in which Congress is likely to delegate a policy decision of such economic and political magnitude to an administrative agency.” DAPA undoubtedly implicates “question[s] of deep ‘economic and political significance' that [are] central to this statutory scheme; had Congress wished to assign that decision to an agency, it surely would have done so expressly.” [FN: King v. Burwell] But assuming arguendo that Chevron applies and that Congress has not directly addressed the precise question at hand, we would still strike down DAPA as an unreasonable interpretation that is “manifestly contrary” to the INA. . . . The interpretation of those provisions that the Secretary advances would allow him to grant lawful presence and work authorization to any illegal alien in the United States—an untenable position in light of the INA's intricate system of immigration classifications and employment eligibility. Even with“special deference” to the Secretary, the INA flatly does not permit the reclassification of millions of illegal aliens as lawfully present and thereby make them newly eligible for a host of federal and state benefits, including work authorization. Presumably because DAPA is not authorized by statute, the United States posits that its authority is grounded in historical practice, but that “does not, by itself, create power,” and in any event, previous deferred-action programs are not analogous to DAPA. “[M]ost . . . discretionary deferrals have been done on a country-specific basis, usually in response to war, civil unrest, or natural disasters,” but DAPA is not such a program. Likewise, many of the previous programs were bridges from one legal status to another, whereas DAPA awards lawful presence to persons who have never had a legal status and may never receive one. . . . Historical practice that is so far afield from the challenged program sheds no light on the Secretary's authority to implement DAPA. Indeed, as the district court recognized, the President explicitly stated that “it was the failure of Congress to enact such a program that prompted him . . . to ‘change the law.'” At oral argument, and despite being given several opportunities, the attorney for the United States was unable to reconcile that remark with the position that the government now takes. And the dissent attempts to avoid the impact of the President's statement by accusing the district court and this panel majority of “relying on . . . on selected excerpts of the President's public statements.” . . . Through the INA's specific and intricate provisions, “Congress has ‘directly addressed the precise question at issue.'” As we have indicated, the INA prescribes how parents may derive an immigration classification on the basis of their child's status and which classes of aliens can achieve deferred action and eligibility for work authorization. DAPA is foreclosed by Congress's careful plan; the program is “manifestly contrary to the statute” and therefore was properly enjoined.
Judge Carolyn King authored a 50-plus page dissent. Of note, Judge Smith refers to Judge King's opinion as “a careful dissent, with which we largely but respectfully disagree. It is well-researched, however, and bears a careful read.” It is rare, yet refreshing, to see such a statement in an opinion.
An early Associated Press story on the decision can be found here. The Post's early coverage is here.
If you love world-building with your food, then you've probably visited a theme restaurant once in a while. But have you ever seen anything as weird as these ten theme restaurants?
The bathroom-themed Modern Toilet restaurant chain, Taiwan
Advertisement
(via riNux, Andrea Hale and Jerry Wong)
The hospital-themed Clinic Bar, Clarke Quay, Singapore, designed by the Dutch Concrete Architects
Advertisement
Unfortunately it was closed after three years in 2011.
(via SpirosK, David Moffitt, Grégory Knaff and Anne Murray)
The Red Sea Star, an underwater restaurant, bar and observatory in Israel, 5 meters below sea level
Advertisement
(via Red Sea Star)
Two Alien-like H.R. Giger bars, based on H. R. Giger's designs, in Chur and in Château St. Germain, Gruyéres, Switzerland
Advertisement
You can see more of the greatest science fiction-themed bars and restaurants on Earth here.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via Wikimedia Commons 1 - 2, H. R. Giger, Amy Dianna/Flickr and Marco Faré/Flickr)
Do you want a 7.8 earthquake while having your meal or drink? Visit the Disaster Café in Lloret de Mar, Spain
(via Walletpop)
Donny Dirk's Zombie Den, inspired by Shaun of the Dead, Minneapolis, Minnesota
"Donny Dirk's is a bar. A saloon. A drinkery. A defiant outpost of madness in a world gone sane. A rest stop for the wicked on the way to hell. Or just a place to drink your sorrows away. We're flexible." – says their official homepage.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via Donny Dirk's and Haunted Illinois)
The haunted prison-themed The Lockup in Tokyo, Japan
Advertisement
(via How I Became Texan and Katie in Tokyo)
The Gothic-themed Christon Café, Tokyo, Japan
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via Annett 1 - 2, lazy fri13th, Chuck/SolGrundy, Sally Sherwood 1 - 2, Chuck/SolGrundy 1 - 2)
The Kayabukiya Tavern, a sake house with a pair of Japanese macaque monkeys as waitresses in Tokyo, Japan
The Zetor Restaurant, named after the popular Czech tractor band in Helsinki, Finland
Advertisement
Advertisement
(via J.S. Clark and Zetor Restaurant)
The mystery of what happened to Greenland's Norse population is one step closer to being solved, as new evidence suggests that the colony did not die out because its inhabitants were unable to adapt to their new environment.
The first Viking settlers arrived in c.AD 1000, and over time their population swelled to around 3,000 people. By the 15th century, however, they had vanished, with no explanation provided by contemporary written sources. This disappearance has long been debated by archaeologists, with some suggesting that the farming communities were defeated by climate change, which made it difficult to cultivate cereal crops for bread and beer, and limited wild plant resources.
Research published in the Journal of the North Atlantic suggests that the Norse colonists simply adapted their diet to cope with their new circumstances, developing a taste for seals.
A team of Danish and Canadian archaeologists have examined 80 skeletons excavated from Norse settlement sites in western and south-western Greenland. Isotope analysis revealed that the population adopted an increasingly marine-based diet, with 50%-80% of their food consisting of seal meat by the 14th century.
Niels Lynnerup of the University of Copenhagen said: ‘Nothing suggests that the Norse disappeared as a result of a natural disaster. If anything, they might have become bored with eating seals out on the edge of the world.'
He added: ‘Young women are underrepresented in graves towards the end of the Norse settlement, indicating that the young in particular were leaving Greenland. When the number of fertile women drops, the population cannot support itself.'
This article is an extract from the full article published in World Archaeology Issue 57. Click here to subscribe
WASHINGTON -- Senate leaders reached a deal Wednesday to push ahead with votes on President Barack Obama's trade deals.
The agreement came after Democrats blew up an earlier agreement Tuesday over fears that key measures they have sponsored would fail, or never get votes.
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) announced Wednesday afternoon that leaders had found a way around the impasse by agreeing to let Democrats have votes on key trade enforcement measures before holding votes on the fast-track authority that Obama needs to finish new massive trade deals with Pacific Rim countries and Europe.
"I think that we've come up with something that is fair," Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) said.
McConnell called the agreement "serious and bipartisan," and said it gave a chance for trade legislation to proceed without allowing "poison pills" to be attached to the legislation.
Under the agreement, the Senate will vote Thursday on an African trade deal, and then a customs and enforcement measure that includes many of the trade protections Democrats feared would be lost, including a provision that targets currency manipulation by China and trading partners.
"The announcement today will drive home the importance of the message that the pro-trade Democrats sent yesterday," said Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), who helped craft the compromise after he helped filibuster the trade bill that he supports. "That enforcement, enforcement of the trade laws is a prerequisite to a modern trade policy, a trade policy that sets aside once and for all the NAFTA playbook. Suffice it to say that was the message conveyed yesterday by pro-trade Democrats."
After voting on the Africa and enforcement measures, the Senate will return to the debate on the fast-track legislation.
Democrats' initial offer was to vote on a standalone currency manipulation bill, and a package that included Trade Promotion Authority, as fast track is known, assistance for workers displaced by trade and the customs enforcement bill. It was turned down by Republicans earlier Wednesday.
After nearly 24 hours of negotiation following Tuesday's failed vote, Democrats ultimately accepted the counteroffer crafted by Republicans.
Some Democrats had hoped that a package of four trade bills would all proceed together, ensuring that Obama could not get his fast-track authority unless they got their enforcement measures. It would also guard against any veto threats.
But Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), who led the Tuesday filibuster, said the deal was good enough.
"I understand that all four aren't going to be together exactly the way I want it, I understand that," Brown said. "But I can read votes. I also think that nobody saw us being successful yesterday three days out. And people have strong feelings about the customs enforcement and people have strong feelings about taking care of workers."
BP buys Google, Yahoo oil spill search terms
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- As BP continues to try to stop the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico, the energy giant is also dealing with a public relations nightmare.
That's why the company is snapping up search phrases like "oil spill" and "oil spill claims" on Google (GOOG, Fortune 500) and Yahoo (YHOO, Fortune 500). The strategy, says a company spokeswoman, aims to "assist those who are most impacted and help them find the right forms and the right people quickly and effectively."
For instance, when a user searches "oil spill" on Google or Yahoo, there are millions of results -- but the first link on both search engines is a sponsored ad that leads to BP's "Gulf of Mexico response" page that provides resources and information about the spill.
"In any crisis response situation, one of the first things you do is look at what's happening on Google -- it's a pretty cut and dry tactical move," said Kent Jarrell, a senior vice president at Washington consulting firm APCO Worldwide who handles crisis management. "I do it with all of my clients, because if we aren't buying the terms, somebody else is."
And the advertisements are clearly highlighted as "sponsored links," said Terry Heymeyer, who teaches crisis management at Rice University's Jones Graduate School of Management. That means that users will know that they're clicking on a BP (BP) website, and can choose not to do so.
"Most companies that are smart are buying relevant search terms to increase their visibility on the Internet," he said. "As long as they are providing factual and timely information in a transparent way and doing interviews with other media sources as well, I don't see any reason why they shouldn't be buying search terms."
While BP, Google and Yahoo declined to comment on how many search terms the company purchased or how much BP has spent on the advertisements, Yahoo spokeswoman Rachel Carr said ad words cost as little as 1 cent per user click and can go up from there. The cost depends on a combination of criteria, including the category of the search terms and the demand for them.
It may be standard operating procedure for companies in crisis to buy Internet search terms, but that didn't stop the company's critics from taking a stab at the strategy.
The mystery individual behind the fake BP PR Twitter account quipped: "We're paying Google a lot of money to make sure you only have access to the best possible info on the oil spill: our info."
Why do we like this?
After referring to Last Dinosaurs' debut LP In a Million Years as “the first Australian album of 2012 to truly capture my attention,” they've hit the mark again with their new single “Andy.” Currently completing a sold-out tour around Australia, they've also been added to this year's Splendour in the Grass Lineup alongside the likes of Bloc Party, Jack White, and Lana Del Rey.
Having heard an advance copy of the album, “Andy” was always going to be their next single. It's got all the aspects which make Last Dinosaurs' music so enjoyable – the tropical rhythms, the commanding guitar riffs, and the simple but catchy lyrics. Having seen them play live three times in recent months, I can confirm it's a great show.
This is a young band with talent well beyond their tender years. They're going from strength to strength, and with an impending Europe Tour 2012 is proving to be a breakout year.
AHMEDABAD/MUMBAI: You might not have heard of Sasha Chettri , but you've most probably seen her and chances are that you'd even recognize her in a crowd: She's the Airtel 4G girl. The youngster has grabbed eyeballs of 1.2 billion Indians as the telecom major is relentlessly streaming its 4G campaign into Indian homes and cities, giving this next-door girl more air time than most celebrities.According to Broadcast Audience Research Council India (BARC), between September 19 and November 20, 2015, the Airtel 4G ads featuring Chettri were aired 54,406 times, together accounting for 1,708,586 seconds. That is, in those two months she was on TV screen for almost 475 hours, or some 20 days. "Chettri is the 'Lalitaji' of 2015," said Jagdish Acharya, founder-director of creative agency Cut The Crap."Chettri is doing what Kavita Chaudhary did to Surf in mid-80s. Irrespective of the Airtel hardselling 4G, the stickiness of the campaign is because of her," he said, giving all credits for the campaign to its protagonist. "You cannot break down what worked for the campaign — her face, her haircut, her voice, or her communication — but she has caught the fancy of everyone."An upcoming music artiste in Mumbai who once worked as a trainee copywriter with not much experience in acting and modelling, Chettri was clearly not an obvious choice for a big national campaign like that of Airtel 4G, though her current campaign is taking her places. The girl from Dehradun in Uttarakhand studied advertising from Xavier's Institute of Communications, Mumbai.She told ET: "I love music. It's who I am and I am working on my ep (a mini album) right now." Agnello Dias, chairman and cofounder of Taproot that created the Airtel 4G campaign, insisted that casting Chettri was not unusual. It was done in "the normal way we cast, choose from a group, narrow it down and then make one choice."
After they just brought the lead guitarist from pop-punk band Chin Up, Kid on stage to steal some chords from Matt Skiba, Blink-182 have now performed with another fan. This time, an Orlando concertgoer took Travis Barker's seat on drums and played “Always.”
As if that wasn't enough, this all happened after the show technically ended—which is why Travis Barker had left the stage. See footage below.
Read more: Blink-182, Linkin Park co-headlining stadium dates together, star in new Funny Or Die video
At the beginning of the video, Mark Hoppus says, “You guys should really just go home at this point, for real—there's going to be traffic.”
Then he turns to the fan on drums and asks, “Do you really know how to play 'Always'?”
The fan nods, and Hoppus declares, “All right, we're going to play 'Always.'”
Blink-182 are finishing up their tour with Wavves and the Naked and Famous. They're also gearing up to release a deluxe version of California, which features 11 new songs.
Watch more: APMAs 2014 | Mark Hoppus welcomes you!
Moments ago a strong national organizing phone call ended. Participating were Jürgen Maier, leader of the recent 10-10-15 protest in Berlin (REUTERS) against the TTIP that brought out 250,000 people, and Deborah Dion, who is is working on current plans for the Miami TTIP negotiations in her position as Florida State Director, Citizen's Trade Campaign. Deborah is a 20 year worker in AFL-CIO's Federal, State, and Local issues and was a key organizer on the 2003 Free Trade Area of the Americas campaign and strategic organizer around WTO. Dr. Margaret Flowers, Adam Weissman and Harriet Heywood are also working to organize actions opposing these trade policy positions, TPP and TTIP. There were over large 150 actions in cities and mega-cities across Europe on Oct. 10th-12th against Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) and this week Jürgen Maier spoke to Bavarian Parliament, an extremely conservative group in which his comments against TTIP were well received.
Three massive trade deals are involved, TPP, TTIP and TISA. Only 5 of the 29 TPP chapters even deal with trade. They are corporate power grabs that impact every aspect of our lives.
In Miami this week the round of TTIP trade "negotiations" will be opposed by the "No More Secret Trade Deals" activists on Wednesday, 10-21-15 and Thursday will be a press briefing. "TTIP Signals Climate Shipwreck"
Public Citizen verifies that the Trans-Pacific Partnership TPP would harm public health by blocking patient access to lifesaving medicines; Electronic Frontiers Foundation has analyzed the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter that Wikileaks released nine days ago, Oct. 9, 2015.
House Democrats are lately speaking out strongly against TPP as it attacks climate change mitigation and as it hurts labor rights. Senate Floor Speech, Bernie Sanders – TPP: A Raw Deal for America
TPP Tuesday Twitter Storm - 6pm Pacific/9pm Eastern - tiny.cc/TPPMediaMarch
OCTOBER 21-22: MIAMI action on TTIP ~~ PRESS EVENTS/TIMELINE:
Wednesday, October 21st
• 9:15 am, Opening press rally denouncing secretive trade deals TTIP / TPP. Present will be elected officials, interfaith, environmentalists, senior groups and other
groups opposing
• 11:00 am-2:30 pm, Stakeholder meeting includes supporters and non supporting presenters at Hyatt Regency, Miami
• 3:15-4:30 pm, Q&A with Chief Negotiators from U.S. and EU at Hyatt Regency
Thursday, October 22nd
• 11:00 am, Press briefing on the detriments of secretive trade deals / TPP / TTIP with local and nationally acclaimed scholars.
In November there will be a large mobilization in Washington, DC, to oppose TPP. Saturday and Sunday, Nov. 14 & 11-15, will be training. Then on Monday thru Wednesday will be street and Capitol events. Washington, D.C., Franklin McPherson Square, The Ellipse, Washington, Washington City
Adam Weissman of www.tradejustice.net (learn more of upcoming events at http://tradejustice.net/...) has organized information here:
Learn more at Flush the TPP! and at #FallRising to Stop TPP, TTIP, & TISA
Background: Jürgen Maier has been Director of the German NGO Forum Environment & Development - a NGO network, coordinating NGOs monitoring international policy processes regarding sustainable development, since 1996. He attended numerous WTO conferences and coordinated the Trade Justice Campaign at the Forum 1999-2005. Currently the Forum hosts the German coalition against TTIP: ttipunfairhandelbar.de. From 1993-1996 he worked as Director of the German Asia Foundation.
In the hours leading up to Daily Wire Editor-in-Chief Ben Shapiro's hotly-contested speech at the University of California, Berkeley on Thursday, Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH), a fierce proponent of free speech, issued a blunt warning to colleges that restrict free speech on their campuses.
Speaking to The Daily Wire on Tuesday, Jordan, who chaired the Congressional hearings in July to discuss free speech on college campuses at which Shapiro testified, issued this statement:
Colleges have historically been that place where you make your best argument, have a full and robust debate, and let ideas flow. But now we often find that if you're libertarian or conservative and are invited to speak on campus, you later get disinvited. If they're allowed to speak at all, conservatives and libertarians get shouted down or in some cases actual riots break out. If public colleges and universities continue to allow this to occur, Congress may have to get involved.
Near the end of the July hearing that included Shapiro, Jordan had his own questions for him. He began, "Mr. Shapiro; your thoughts on a speech code. Shouldn't it be the First Amendment? Shouldn't that be sufficient?"
Shapiro answered:
Absolutely, and I think that we're moving into very dangerous territory when we start identifying speech as violence. That, I think, is what's happening more and more often in our politics; I think it's happening on college campuses; when you start saying that what you say offends me to the point where I'm going to treat it as violence, then we are moments away from an actual violent conflagration, and that has to stop immediately.
Jordan then asked:
Do you think, Mr. Shapiro, that some of the things we have seen from the federal government are contributing to what I would describe as the crazy situations on many campuses, situations you've had to go through and live through? Do you think some of the things that the government has done are chilling free speech on college campuses, and specifically, and frankly, what prompted my renewed interest, or greater interest, I should say, in this series of hearings we're having on was a few years ago when we discovered with the power and the ability to intimidate and impact people's lives, the agency known as the Internal Revenue Service, was systematically and for a sustained period of time, targeting people for their political beliefs. Do you think that has some chilling impact on what may be what is in fact happening on our college campuses?
Shapiro concluded:
Sure. When people have an enormous amount of power, whether it's on an administrative level or the federal level, they tend to use it in ways that benefit the side that they control; I think you've seen this, it's a completely different topic but I think you've seen this in how a lot of the sexual assault hearings are taking place on campus now, where they're taking place under Title IX auspices, and they don't actually follow any constitutional due process procedure. That's an area where the federal government has gotten involved, and really overridden individual rights, and listen, nobody is in favor of sexual assault, everybody wants to see rapists prosecuted, but we need to come back to some sort of rational standard of application, and not just what we wish we could do in some sort of Utopia.
Jordan, who was sitting in front of a screen that quoted the First Amendment, concluded the hearing by noting that the five speakers invited to testify ranged across the political spectrum. He stated:
The first and only officer on the medical staff at Guantanamo Bay to conscientiously object to force-feeding prisoners on hunger strike has reportedly had his assignment ended. He has been sent back to Naval Health Clinic New England, his “parent command,” while an investigation is completed, which may result in discipline or a court-martial.
The Associated Press reported on August 26 that Navy Captain Maureen Pennington, who is “his commander at the network clinics, indicated, “An investigation has been conducted into his conduct while stationed at Guantanamo but it has not yet been determined if he will face any discipline.” He is “now on leave and military officials declined to provide details about him or any allegations he may face.”
Technically, the nurse has already faced a level of punishment. He was removed from duty at Guantanamo and placed under investigation. What purpose could this serve other than to send him and other medical officers a message not to ethically challenge the Pentagon over treatment of prisoners?
The Miami Herald's Carol Rosenberg previously reported that the nurse, who has yet to be identified, was sent back to the United States. Army Col. Greg Julian of US Southern Command, which is reponsible for oversight of Guantanamo, stated, “He was administratively separated from [Joint Task Force Guantanamo] and he's pending court martial.”
In July, it was Abu Wael Dhiab, a Syrian prisoner cleared for release in 2010, who informed his lawyers of the nurse who had conscientiously objected.
Cori Crider of Reprieve was told the officer had refused to force-feed prisoner just before the Fourth of July. The officer later “disappeared from detention center duty.”
Crider also suggested that initially the nurse had carried out his orders and force-fed prisoners. Yet, after recognizing the impact forced feedings were having, the nurse, according to Dhiab, said something like, “I have come to the decision that I refuse to participate in this criminal act.”
The fact that the nurse chose to conscientiously object to participate in his forced feeding is significant, especially since Dhiab is a key prisoner who has been challenging the forced feeding policy in federal court.
Dhiab went on hunger strike and began to be subject to forced feeding on April 9, 2013. He joined with other prisoners, including Shaker Aamer, to challenge the practice so he could choose whether to eat or die at Guantanamo.
“Is it necessary for them to torture me? Is it necessary for them to choke me every day with the tube? Is it necessary for them to make my throat so swollen every day? Do I have to suffer every day? Is it necessary for them to put me on the torture chair in order to feed me?” Dhiab asked in a declaration to the court.
At one point in June, Dhiab was beaten “so badly” by prison guards after they confiscated his wheelchair that he had “blood in his feces.” Fellow prisoner Ahmed Rabbani submitted an affidavit in which he recalled, “I heard him vomiting for much of the night.”
Judge Gladys Kessler ordered the force-feeding to be halted in May. However, days later, the judge allowed the government to resume forced feedings, as the government repeatedly claimed Dhiab would die if he was not force-fed.
Lawyers from the legal charity, Reprieve, have continued to challenge the policy in court and have managed to convince the judge to grant access to video of Dhiab being force-fed and inhumanely treated. But the attorneys cannot discuss the contents of the video with anyone, not even other attorneys for Guantnamo prisoners with proper security clearances.
Reprieve has accused Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel of ignoring their call for the release of Guantanamo forced feeding tapes.
Media organizations, including The Guardian, MSNBC, The New York Times and The Washington Post, have joined with Reprieve to request that video be released because the contents are in the “public interest.” Kessler has not ruled on whether to allow video to be made public.
Meanwhile, Reprieve has put out a press release, which claims there is a “new crackdown on prisoners protesting their detention without charge.” It said British prisoner Shaker Aamer has been beaten by guards:
In new letters received by legal charity Reprieve, detainees reveal what one calls a new “standard procedure” of abuses at the prison. Emad Hassan, a Yemeni detained without charge since 2002, wrote that “an FCE [Forcible Cell Extraction] team has been brought in to beat the detainees […] On Sunday, Shaker ISN 239 was beaten when the medical people wanted to draw blood.” Mr Hassan adds that guards had beaten another detainee for nearly 2 hours. ‘Forcible Cell Extraction' or ‘FCEing' is the process by which a detainee is forced out of his cell by a group of armed guards, often before being taken to the force-feeding chair. Mr Aamer has previously described being beaten by the FCE team up to eight times a day.
Aamer, who has been in detention for over twelve years, has suffered some of the worst inhumane treatment. He continues to be held in conditions of solitary confinement and has been in these conditions since 2005. He has suffered abuse while hunger striking during the past year and a half. He is in poor health, according to Reprieve.
This type of treatment is what multiple prisoners endure every other day.
Particular attention appears to be given to breaking those prisoners, who challenge the facility and choose to resist through hunger strikes. Yet, up until this point, only one member of the medical staff is known to have conscientiously objected to an order that was cruel if not also potentially illegal.
The guideline from the World Medical Association is clear:
Forcible feeding is never ethically acceptable. Even if intended to benefit, feeding accompanied by threats, coercion, force or use of physical restraints is a form of inhuman and degrading treatment. Equally unacceptable is the forced feeding of some detainees in order to intimidate or coerce other hunger strikers to stop fasting.
If the nurse does face a court-martial, not only will the military be penalizing the officer for conscientiously objecting but the military will also be actively defending the very abusive, cruel and degrading treatment, which represents some of the worst human rights violations engaged in by the United States government in recent decades.
If Day 1 of the government shutdown told us anything, it's that this situation isn't going to resolve itself anytime terribly soon.
President Obama held a press event in which he accused Republicans of pursuing "an ideological crusade to deny affordable health insurance to millions of Americans," adding: "In other words, they demanded ransom just for doing their job."
Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) wrote in an op-ed in USA Today on Tuesday that "this is part of a larger pattern: the president's scorched-Earth policy of refusing to negotiate in bipartisan way on his health care law, current government funding, or the debt limit."
Then there was this from Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) late Tuesday: "It is time for Speaker Boehner to stop the games, think about the people he is hurting, and let the House pass the Senate's bill to re-open the government with Republican and Democratic votes."
Putting aside the rhetoric, Boehner and Obama have not spoken since a brief conversation Monday evening and Boehner and Reid aren't speaking either, according to WaPo's Karen Tumulty and Lori Montgomery.
The clear takeaway? Entrenchment in established positions is the name of the game at the moment. And, you don't dig in deeper when you are looking for ways to move on.
The reality is that both sides are leaning heavily on principle when it comes to defending their current stance on the shutdown. For Boehner, this is about standing up for the people who don't like Obamacare and want it gone. For Obama/Reid, it's about not re-litigating a law that the Supreme Court upheld and, they believe, the 2012 election affirmed.
And, you don't cave on principle in 24 or 48 hours. The only way you do move off of a principled stand in politics is for a damn good reason -- as in a deal that you can sell to your side as going far enough to make it worth compromising.
The two sides are nowhere close to that at the moment. And it's hard to see them getting to such a "principled" compromise any time all that soon.
Fixbits:
The House GOP's piecemeal spending strategy failed Tuesday.
Twelve House Republicans now say they would back a clean CR.
The Navy-Air Force football game is in jeopardy because of the shutdown. "The apocalypse is upon us," said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.).
Newark Mayor Cory Booker (D) released his first negative ad against Republican Steve Lonegan.
Missouri Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder (R) is exploring a run against Rep. Jason Smith (R-Mo.).
Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) suggested his wife misspoke when she said over the weekend that abortion is a "woman's right."
Ron Paul is auctioning off his 1979 Chevrolet Chevette.
Must-reads:
"This time, it's different: Negotiations have no place in the latest fiscal crisis" -- Paul Kane, Washington Post
"Collision course: CR and debt ceiling" -- Manu Raju, Jake Sherman and Carrie Budoff Brown, Politico
"Amid government shutdown, Obama under pressure to cancel week-long Asia trip" -- David Nakamura and Juliet Eilperin, Washington Post
Temperatures well into the 90's could not stop thousands from attending an annual LGBT pride event on Saturday, July 23 in Harrisonburg.
Shenandoah Valley Pride was held for the second year at Court Square.
"This is my first time being at the pride festival and it feels great," said Jennie Amison of Harrisonburg.
The event was held one month following the deadly massacre at an Orlando gay nightclub that left dozens dead.
Amison said the festival held extra importance due to a growing sense of unease in the country. "Not just with the Orlando shooting, but with all of the shootings going on in communities, it has put a lot of fear in people," said Amison. "We have to erase that and we can't hide behind fear."
Saturday was also David Gonyer's first time attending pride event. The 19-year-old just moved back home from New York City. "Obviously there's a lot more community because it's an area that [...] has not always been friendly to queer people," said Gonyer. "I think we have really banded together and supported each other."
According to an event organizer, at least 2,500 people attended the festival.
There was also a considerable increase in the number of vendors. "As a community member, I'm here to support all of our friends and family," said Neely Dahl with Quit Now Virginia, who had a booth. "A lot of people have come for the information [and] we've provided the information."
Published 03.04.2015 17:07 GMT+2 | Author Lucas Aykroyd
Kanae Aoki's power play goal at 2:32 of overtime gave Japan a 2-1 victory over Germany and a berth at the 2016 IIHF World Women's Championship.
The winner came with Germany's Tanja Eisenschmid serving a delay-of-game minor.
Japan won two straight games in the best-of-three relegation series to book its ticket to Kamloops, Canada. It was a monumental moment for the courageous Japanese team, which has only avoided being sent down once in its elite Women's Worlds history (2008).
Germany outshot Japan 22-19, and as always, goaltender Nana Fujimoto was a big story for the white-and-red squad. She finished the tournament with a 1.52 GAA and 93.7 save percentage.
Rui Ukita, just 18 years old, chipped in two assists and finished as Japan's scoring leader with six points.
Despite their solid work ethic, the Germans' inability to score more cost them dearly. They tallied just five goals in five games in Malmo. They're going down to Division I for the first time since being relegated in 2008.
Just 4:01 into the first period, Ami Nakamura opened the scoring with Japan's fourth power play goal at these Women's Worlds.
The Germans responded with a man-advantage marker of their own at 4:42 of the second period when Anna-Maria Fiegert potted her second goal of the tournament.
In this penalty-laden affair, Japan was fortunate not to surrender a goal in the third, when it took three consecutive hooking minors.
Back to Overview
Analyse a story or script, and you can break down the narrative into parts: exposition, inciting incident, rising action, conflict, climax, falling action, and resolution. Sex is much the same. Yet whether it's a story or intercourse, we often focus our attention on the parts that bring us to climax and orgasm – the Big-O, where most of the tension lives. Magazines give advice on how to make partners orgasm or how to be better at foreplay, but we rarely talk about the part that comes afterward. It's a shame because that falling action is, according to recent studies, where the majority of relationship satisfaction comes from.
You've probably heard the term ‘afterglow', defined as the aura of satisfaction and closeness that comes after sex. It's the feeling that makes two sweaty people want to snuggle rather than rush off to shower. Now, Amy Muise, a psychologist at York University in Canada, reports that it's the seemingly boring pillow talk, and not so much ‘spicing things up', that helps love last.
Muise, who studies how sexuality impacts on relationships, set out with colleagues to learn which part of sex made people feel more connected to their partners. In a study published in 2014 in the Archives of Sexual Behavior, they reported that it was what followed intercourse itself. The length of ‘post-sex affection' ranged from zero minutes to several hours, the researchers learned. And those who spent more time snuggling were more satisfied with their relationships.
Going against what your cousin's friend's older brother might have once told you, Muise also found that afterglow was even more important to relationship satisfaction than the duration of foreplay or sex itself. ‘When you look at Cosmo magazine or those types of things, you hear a lot about foreplay, and spending time, and trying lots of positions. That might be somewhat important,' she told me. But once her team added the effects of after-sex affection to their data, it completely wiped away any bump sex itself gave to relationship satisfaction.
Afterglow itself might be mostly a chemical love cocktail, and what we know about the neurological aspects of monogamous relationships comes from an unassuming rodent known as the prairie vole. These burrowing creatures live in grasslands throughout North America, have small rounded ears, and are no bigger than the palm of your hand. Yet unlike 97 per cent of all animals, they form monogamous partnerships. For more than four decades, this particular species of vole has been responsible for many major findings about why humans pair up and fall in love. It's a happy accident that the word ‘vole' itself is an anagram for ‘love' – even though the prairie vole is one of the few voles that bonds with its mate.
In 1992, researchers reported that single female prairie voles placed with a male for at least 24 hours ‘exhibited a strong social preference' for him versus a strange male – whether or not the two had mated. If the voles were placed together for fewer than 24 hours without mating, no connection was formed. The twist is that females who ‘cohabited and mated for six hours' showed signs of attachment to that male. Like humans, prairie voles can form attachments without having sex first but getting to know each other in the biblical sense makes a relationship stronger faster.
And it all begins with a pharmacy-worth of chemicals zipping around in the brain. During sex, the brain is flooded with neurotransmitters such as dopamine, oxytocin, testosterone and vasopressin, just to name a few. Each of these chemicals plays a multitude of roles. Though dopamine is often referred to as a chemical associated with reward (and helps to make pleasurable behaviours from drug use to gambling or sex feel addictive), it plays a much more complicated role. Parkinson's disease kills the neurons that create dopamine leading to tremors and stiffness of the limbs. Likewise, people with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often have low levels of dopamine which helps to explain the reduced motivation and inattention associated with the condition. For people who suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), dopamine often floods the brain during periods of anxiety. These are all a long way from love.
Sex is an accelerant, firing the neurons that release dopamine, oxytocin and other chemicals linked to pair-bonding and love
Yet many symptoms of stress – heightened alertness, sleeplessness, loss of appetite – can be almost euphoric when caused by a new romance. Given the dual nature of many of these chemicals, it is no surprise that oxytocin (sometimes thought of as the ‘cuddle hormone') doesn't just promote pair-bonding but can intensify memories of negative social experiences. First discovered in prairie voles, oxytocin release during sex allows couples to form a monogamous bond. When researchers cut off the flow of oxytocin, these voles behaved much the same as their non-monogamous cousins. In many ways, the chemicals associated with sex and pair-bonding tell the brain that this moment is important and worth paying attention to – for better or for worse.
As Martin Portner, a neurologist living in Brazil, wrote in Scientific American Mind in 2008, people need more than arousal to experience an orgasm: ‘It requires a release of inhibitions and control in which the brain's centre of vigilance shuts down in males; in females, various areas of the brain involved in controlling thoughts and emotions become silent.' Fireworks are only worth noticing when they happen on a backdrop of a dark night sky. Women's brains tend to experience this effect more strongly than men, Portner writes. In a 2009 study in Human Brain Mapping, researchers found that genital stimulation led to deactivation in parts of the brain associated with inhibiting emotional responses. Rather than a sign that nothing is happening in the brain, this respite might be what allows partners to lower their guard after sex and allow deeper connections to form.
‘Sex is an accelerant,' said Larry Young, a researcher at Emory University in Georgia who studies the neurobiology of social relationships (and who has worked with prairie voles for decades). He describes sex as causing a ‘firing of neurons' that releases dopamine, oxytocin and other chemicals that we associate with pair-bonding and love. ‘If I take my wife out to a nice dinner with candles and flowers on the table, I can guarantee she'll be releasing dopamine and oxytocin,' he told me. The dinner-date conversation between two neuroscientists must be an eavesdrop for the ages. ‘But sex is something that really just greatly amplifies the situation.'
To learn the secrets of sex and bonding, scientists have put the relationships of prairie-vole couples under unimaginable strain. When researchers wanted to prove that prairie voles really were monogamous, they set up live traps near the animals' habitat and repeatedly caught one couple after another. In one case, the same vole couple was captured and then captured again, still together 20 weeks later. In a study on grief, male and female voles were put together long enough to form pair bonds. Then researchers took the females away. The males became depressed. When forced to swim in water, the grieving voles struggled less and gave up more quickly. Fewer than 20 per cent of prairie voles who have lost a mate find new ones. Anyone who has been heartbroken knows this feeling well: the dreamlike absence of a partner you wish would walk back through the door; the lethargy of loss.
Without these studies, we might not know about chemicals such as oxytocin or dopamine and how their appearance during sex affects the relationship that might come afterward. Though researchers have done many studies on the body's response to sex with the help of willing participants, it's impossible to do controlled experiments on the neurobiology of people's relationships. The chemistry of grief, for one, would be difficult if not impossible to study in humans. On prairie voles, we can do things such as shut off the dopamine receptors to see how this affects their pair bond, or measure levels of oxytocin before, during and after a relationship has ended. Humans are unlikely to allow their entire courtship and life with a new romantic partner to take place in a lab.
‘Monogamous animals,' whether the prairie vole or humans, ‘have developed a system that can combine the pleasure of sex with social information about whom that individual is,' Young said. This is important. The vast majority of the animal kingdom doesn't see sex as a social experience. Even the biggest lothario in the human world links memories of good and bad sex to the person they were sleeping with. But this is not the same as love.
The weirdness and emotional nakedness of sex reinforces the bond couples have chosen to create
While chemical processes do take place during sex or over the course of a relationship, the afterglow and love itself are vastly more complicated. As Young explains, people have long known that dopamine was involved in anything pleasurable – eating chocolate, having sex, riding rollercoasters (if you're into that kind of thing) – yet it wasn't until the prairie vole that researchers realised that the brain also treated the process of pair-bonding as a reward. Many researchers in this area have described sex as something that happens with the genitals, while the deeper parts of a relationship – desire, arousal, orgasm, even love – occur in the brain.
While researchers have studied the social effects of afterglow by asking participants how satisfied they are with their partners, there isn't much, if any, research on what afterglow does to the brain. Non-monogamous animals don't experience ‘afterglow' nor do they spend much time thinking about their sexual partners.
The most basic aspects of the phenomenon have just recently been revealed. For instance, how long does afterglow last? A study of newlywed couples published in Psychological Science in 2017 found that the bump in sexual satisfaction ‘remained elevated for approximately 48 hours after sex', and that spouses with a ‘stronger afterglow' had higher overall marital satisfaction. One of the study's authors, Andrea Meltzer at Florida State University, told me that they used newlyweds partially because ‘they have sex more frequently, and we're more likely to capture sex in the 14-day period we're studying them', adding that she would expect the results to translate to any couples in long-term relationships.
The fact that the afterglow effect lasts for two days after sex doesn't mean that all couples who want to stay together forever should schedule sex every other night. In general, couples who have more sex are more satisfied. However, a 2015 study found that when couples were given the homework of having sex twice as often as usual, it led to a slight decrease in overall happiness. This result is not a huge surprise since assigning sex equates it to advice such as ‘eat your broccoli' or ‘go to the gym five times a week'.
As with the release of dopamine or oxytocin, this afterglow bump to relationship satisfaction appears to take place on a subconscious level. Meltzer's study didn't ask couples to rate how happy they were with the sex they'd had, only whether they had sex and how they felt, overall, about their relationship. ‘Colloquially, people say: “I'm happy for 30 minutes [after sex]” but there seems to be some level people aren't quite as aware of,' she explained.
If the true afterglow effect isn't just the brief endorphin-laced euphoria of post-coital snuggling but a sense of lingering satisfaction that lasts for days it becomes less of a mystery why allowing afterglow to bloom after sex is ignored in favour of achieving an orgasm. Not only are the physical effects of orgasm immediate and, at least in men, hard to miss, it comes with a wave of euphoria. Saying: ‘I want to give my partner an orgasm' is a clear and achievable goal. It's less apparent whether the amount of time spent lingering and connecting after sex is enough to promote some nebulous concept of long-term satisfaction.
A successful relationship in humans isn't formed through good sex alone, though it can certainly start off a relationship with a chemical bang
And, at least in humans, the afterglow effect might not be caused purely by orgasm but also by the weirdness and emotional nakedness of sex itself. ‘Sex involves some degree of vulnerability,' Muise said. ‘[Your partner] isn't only viewing your body but these intimate things about yourself like what you like and don't like.' Even in a long-term relationship, this openness can feel risky. Yet, she adds, ‘There's a lot of opportunity there.' Couples who are able to be naked in front of each other – emotionally and physically – feel more satisfied. Though other forms of physical affection such as handholding or a quick couch cuddle are important for the relationship, in monogamous relationships sex is a form of physical affection uniquely reserved for that couple, which serves to reinforce the bond they have chosen to create.
A successful relationship in humans, after all, isn't formed through good sex alone, though it can certainly start off a relationship with a chemical bang. Most people who commit themselves to monogamous relationships want to get many things from their partners – support, understanding, laughter – and it's these things that come to the forefront during the afterglow of sex. As non-monogamous animals have taught us, wanting to have sex again is not the same thing as wanting to put in the effort to make a relationship work.
On a psychological and chemical level, sexual tension and sex itself are memorable and powerful. That's why we often linger on ‘fixing' or rekindling the fire of our sex lives when relationships seem to be getting stale. But like a terrific book with a terrible ending, it's what a couple walks away feeling after sex that determines how they feel about their partner – not how many orgasms they had.
Just when you thought Pat Riley was going to settle into Plan B and bring back the same Miami Heat team that finished the second half of last season 30-11, he turned to Plan C on Thursday night.
In a surprising move, the Heat reached an agreement to sign former Celtics center Kelly Olynyk, 26, to a four-year, $50 million deal and was in the midst of completing a trade with the Dallas Mavericks to free up more cap space to re-sign forward James Johnson and guard Wayne Ellington, a league source confirmed.
According to The Vertical, Miami will reportedly send forward Josh McRoberts (on the final year of a $6 million deal) and a future second round pick to Dallas for center A.J. Hammons, a 2016 second round pick who could be released to free up cap space.
Johnson's agent, Mark Bartelstein, confirmed late Thursday night the Heat and Johnson agreed to a four-year, $60 million deal.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
With news of that deal, it may take some creative cap work for the Heat to retain Ellington. Miami has until 11:59 p.m. Friday to pick up his $6.3 million option for next season.
SHARE COPY LINK Miami Heat president Pat Riley talks about free agent James Johnson at a presser on early July 2017.
As for Johnson, who turns 31 on Feb. 20, he was instrumental to the team's second-half turnaround last season. He often guarded all five positions on the floor and created mismatches as a 6-8, 250-pound ball-handler.
He's expected to be in the Heat's starting lineup at power forward.
— Kelly Olynyk (@KellyOlynyk) July 7, 2017
Olynyk, meanwhile, was a key player off the bench for the Celtics his first four seasons in the league as both a scorer and rebounder.
With Miami, he can help stretch the floor with his three-point shot and either backup Hassan Whiteside or play alongside him as a power forward. The 7-footer is a career 36.8 percent shooter from beyond the arc, who averaged 9.5 points, 4.7 rebounds and 1.7 assists in his time with the Celtics.
All of Thursday's news comes a day after the Heat reached an agreement to resign guard Dion Waiters to a four-year, $52 million contract.
On Thursday, Miami waited until 11-time All-Star Chris Bosh cleared waivers shortly after 5 p.m. to begin making any moves.
Bosh, 33, hasn't played since February 2016, but is now free to sign with another team and the Heat will not be on the hook salary-cap wise for any of the remaining $52.1 million owed to him over the next two seasons even if Bosh does end up playing for another team down the road. Bosh was due $25.3 million next season.
Although Miami missed out on its top free agent target when Jazz All-Star swingman Gordon Hayward picked Boston over the Heat and Utah, Riley said after last month's NBA Draft he would consider this summer a success if the Heat was simply able to retain its own free agents following a 41-41 season and ninth-place finish in the Eastern Conference.
Pulling off the Olynyk signing and retaining Johnson, Waiters and Ellington would certainly make the Heat better in a weakened Eastern Conference. Miami's frontcourt, weakened by injuries last season to McRoberts and the health issues of Bosh, would now have four quality options in Whiteside, Olynyk, Johnson and rookie Bam Adebayo.
SHARE COPY LINK Miami Heat's James Johnson talks to the media about feeling at home in Miami but as an older player he still needs to consider money and the "ring".
Assuming the Heat retains Ellington, Miami would have 10 of the 14 players from last season's team under contract (not counting the recently waived Bosh) plus Adebayo ($2.5 million).
The other returnees are Whiteside ($23.7M), point guard Goran Dragic ($17M), Justise Winslow ($2.7M) and Okaro White ($1.3M) and guards Tyler Johnson ($5.9M), Josh Richardson ($1.5M) and Rodney McGruder ($1.3M).
The Heat would then have three vacant roster spots to fill. Captain Udonis Haslem could re-sign for the veteran's minimum ($2.3M) and Miami could also retain three-point specialist Luke Babbitt ($1.5M). Miami appears willing to do both.
Backup center Willie Reed, who has reportedly drawn interest from the Pacers, 76ers, Hawks and Rockets, is likely to fall out of the Heat's price range and plans.
Miami still has a $4.3 million cap exception at its disposal (once it reaches the salary cap of $99 million), but the exception cannot be combined with cap space.
Detroit's emergency manager has defended the move to file for bankruptcy after decades of decline and mismanagement rendered the city insolvent.
On Thursday, Detroit became the largest city in the history of the United States to file for bankruptcy.
The city's emergency manager, Kevyn Orr, said they were left with no other options.
The rise and fall of Detroit 1899/1903: The city becomes the cradle of the US car industry, dubbed "Motor City." 1950: With a population of 1.8 million, Detroit is the fourth largest US city. 1967: On July 23 riots break out in which 43 people are killed, hundreds are injured and 2,000 buildings are destroyed. 2000s: The rate of those living in poverty, at 26 percent, is twice the national level. 2007/2008: Car industry goes through a painful restructuring in which tens of thousands lose their jobs. 2013: (March) Governor Rick Snyder appoints an emergency manager with a background in bankruptcy to restructure the city's finances. 2013 (June) Detroit stops making payments on some of its $18.5 bn of debt and obligations. 2013 (July) Detroit becomes the largest city in US history to file for bankruptcy protection. Source: AFP
"I'd be happy to listen to any other plan someone can come up with given the restraints that we're working under," he said during a live news conference on Friday.
"The reality is that with $12bn that we're working with in unsecured debt there's precious little we can do.
"As I've said time and again, bankruptcy is a tool in our tool box to get at the goals that we want to achieve.
It gives us breathing room."
Orr said that the decision would improve the city's cash flow, leading to an increased standard of service for Detroit's citizens.
"In freeing up the cash flow it allows us to focus on the key issue that the governor has re-iterated again and again and again, the health, safety and welfare of 700,000 citizens in the city of Detroit," he said.
"There are 700,000 citizens who don't deserve a 55 minute rapid response time, who don't deserve endemic blight and crime, who don't deserve any hope and future and just continued debt over debt and borrowing."
'No other option'
Michigan's governor, Rick Snyder, said on Thursday that there was no other option to tackle the city's $18.5bn of debts.
"This is a situation that's been 60 years in the making in terms of the decline of Detroit.
"From a financial point of view, let me be blunt, Detroit is broke," Snyder said in a video on the state's official website.
Snyder also made a statement that accompanied the bankruptcy file.
"The fiscal realities confronting Detroit have been ignored for too long,"
"The only feasible path to a stable and solid Detroit is to file for bankruptcy protection."
The filing puts the city on an uncertain course that could mean laying off municipal employees, selling assets and scaling back already threadbare basic services.
Economics expert discusses Detroit's bankruptcy
Detroit stopped making payments on some of its debt and obligations last month as Orr sought relief from creditors.
But the city's employee pension plans - which are owed $9bn - filed a lawsuit to prevent any cuts to retirement benefits.
That case is now on hold as a federal judge determines if Detroit is allowed to restructure - and even shed - its obligations in what is known as a "Chapter 9" bankruptcy.
Decline and debt
Snyder listed a number of problems that Detroit's financial situation had exacerbated.
The murder rate is the highest in nearly 40 years. Police response times to call-outs average 58 minutes, compared with an average of 11 minutes nationwide.
There are 78,000 abandoned buildings in the city, and 40 percent of street lights do not work.
A lack of funds for maintenance and repairs means only a third of the city's ambulances work, and police cars and fire trucks are also in poor condition.
About 38 cents of every city dollar was going to debt repayment and obligations such as pensions, and that was projected to hit 65 cents in the dollar by 2017.
The city's tax rate has reached its legal limit.
Orr's team said Detroit was defaulting on about $2.5bn in unsecured debt to "conserve cash" for police, fire and other services. In recent months, the city has relied on state-backed bond money to meet the payroll for its 10,000 employees.
With the endlessly entertaining shots continuing to ring out between former-Oasis brothers Liam and Noel Gallagher, the band's music has almost taken a second seat to their hilarious public bickering. Director Mat Whitecross' Oasis: Supersonic aims to right that imbalance by focusing on the early glory days of the UK band, roughly from their formation in 1991 to their 2-night stand at Knebworth in 1996 before a quarter of a million fans.
Produced by Amy director Asif Kapadia, Whitecross maintains that film's style by using entirely pre-shot footage in lieu of the standard rock-doc talking heads. New audio interviews with the band, family and close friends are overlaid over home videos and early concert footage to great effect, even though we must be missing some great facial expressions from the Gallaghers as they recount the stratospheric rise of the band.
Part of the lore of Oasis is that while many bands pretended not to care about their success, Oasis really didn't care, a notion that shines through in the band's early years in often-hilarious ways. From mouthing off at UK award ceremonies to sabotaging their first LA show through copious use of crystal meth (all thankfully captured here on film), the band seemed almost bothered by success, and all it's accompanying demands that kept them away from their local pub and football matches.
The often-volatile relationship between Liam and Noel is the crux of the film, an endless power struggle between the two brothers that eventually ground the band to a halt in 2009. Early on, the film seems to hit on one of the main differences between the two brothers – Noel is content to let the songs speak for themselves, while Liam seems completely aware that the band's look and attitude is just as important as their songwriting. It's a key moment that shows just why Oasis worked so well, with that volatile mixture of ear-candy songs combined with an almost ludicrous amount of chutzpah. It also shows why that dichotomy would keep pushing the brothers further apart as Oasis became increasingly popular.
Despite the very public feuds between the two brothers, they speak about each other in loving terms throughout the film, while acknowledging how their behaviour negatively affected the other. The film dives deep into their family history, featuring interviews with their mother who eventually fled with the family from a husband that was physically abusive to her and Noel. “My own father beat the talent into me,” Noel says at one point, and it's hard to know how to take that statement. When their father decides to show up at an Oasis show after being out of their lives for years, Noel has to physically restrain Liam from confronting him in public, knowing the damage it will do to his brother. It's one quick moment in the film that shows their true bond, in spite of all of their shenanigans over the years.
The film is at its most exhilarating when it simply chronicles the astounding rise of the band, who basically went from recording their debut LP to playing to 250,000 people at Knebworth in just three years. It's the sort of meteoric rise that will likely never happen again, at least not for a rock n' roll band. Yet the insular nature of the film never allows for much context for the band's success. We see the great early rehearsals where now classic songs like “Supersonic” and “Champagne Supernova” are being worked out for the first time, but the word “Britpop” is never once uttered in the film (or the name “Blur” for that matter, who were neck and neck with Oasis in terms of popularity in the UK at the time). Ending the film in 1996 is also a strange choice that may have something to do with the Gallaghers' role as co-producers here – let's just focus on how great we were, shall we?
Framing the film around the Knebworth concerts also allows the film to end on a triumphant high note, with the band taking the stage in their home country to record-breaking audiences, just a year after their sophomore release, the massive (What's the Story) Morning Glory? The band reflects that they probably should have ended it there, but there was still another long thirteen years to go, along with five more studio albums, each one received more poorly than the last, before the band eventually imploded backstage at a Paris concert in 2009. It's also strange timing from a marketing standpoint, given the deluxe re-issue of their third album, 1997's Be Here Now earlier this month.
While leaving out a large section of the band's history is unfortunate, at over 2-hours, Oasis: Supersonic does a great job of introducing us to this ragtag group of hooligans, who in just a few short years went from jamming in bedrooms to playing to some of the largest audiences in history. It's the sort of massive, communal, cultural phenomenon that may not be possible again in the internet age, which makes the film all the more fascinating.
Two more Navy officers were fired after a series of deadly warship accidents in the Pacific this summer involving the 7th Fleet, a senior U.S. defense official confirmed Monday to Fox News.
The firings of Rear Adm. Charles Williams, commander of Combined Task Force 70, and Capt. Jeff Bennett, commodore of Destroyer Squadron 15, now bring the total number to seven U.S. Navy officials who received punishment for the crashes of the USS Fitzgerald and USS John S McCain, which left 17 sailors dead.
Four accidents have occurred in the Pacific since late January.
The majority of ships operating in the fleet weren't certified to conduct basic operations at sea related to war fighting, according to U.S. Navy records released this month.
As of late June, eight of the 11 cruisers and destroyers in the 7th Fleet, and their crew members, weren't certified by the U.S. Navy to conduct “mobility seamanship,” or basic steering of the ship, according to U.S. Navy records provided to two House Armed Services subcommittees.
The Navy also said that seven of those ships had expired training certification in the areas of cruise missile defense and surface warfare, which test a crew's ability to defend a ship or to conduct attacks.
Last month, the Navy said it would review the 7th Fleet's performance, including personnel, navigation capabilities, maintenance, equipment, surface warfare training, munitions and certifications.
Navy Adm. John Richardson, the chief of naval operations, said the review will be conducted with the help of the Navy's office of the inspector general, the safety center and private companies that make equipment used by sailors.
Richardson is set to testify before Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, on Tuesday. The USS John S McCain is named for the senator's father and grandfather, naval commanders who served during World War II.
Fox News' Jennifer Griffin and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
Tune in to "AC360º" at 8 and 10 p.m. ET for live reports from CNN reporters on the ground.
United Nations (CNN) -- The U.N. Security Council's sanctions committee has approved a U.S. request to unfreeze $1.5 billion in Libyan assets to be used for humanitarian and civilian needs.
"We felt the need was urgent; that the (National Transitional Council) had to start paying its bills and to start establishing a track record as a clean, democratic organization," a senior administration official said.
The money will start flowing "in a few days," the official said.
The money will be allocated in three equal amounts, the U.S. State Department said in a statement. Up to $500 million will be transferred to international humanitarian organizations; up to $500 million will be transferred to suppliers for fuel and other goods intended for civilian use; and up to $500 million will be transferred to a temporary finanical mechanism established to assist the Libyan people's food and other humanitarian needs.
South Africa had held up the release, expressing concern that no individual body should yet be declared the sole legitimate authority in Libya. The administration compromised by replacing references to the National Transitional Council with "relevant Libyan authorities," the official said.
"This money will go toward meeting the needs of the people of Libya," said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, in a prepared statement. "We urge other nations to take similar measures. Many are already doing so."
She called for the National Transitional Council to move quickly toward building a democracy "that protects the universal human rights of all its citizens." She added, "There can be no place in the new Libya for revenge attacks and reprisals."
The U.S. military is looking at options for delivering humanitarian assistance to Libya and helping with the return of refugees. A senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the effort said there had been no requests for assistance, but the military was doing "prudent planning" to be prepared if asked.
U.S. President Barack Obama's policy of ruling out any U.S. troops on the ground remains in effect, he said, but military officials have indicated military aircraft and ships might deliver aid to airfields and ports.
The NTC, which is expected to function as an interim government, was offering few details about its needs, the official said.
Any U.S. assistance would likely take place within a broader post-conflict NATO effort under a United Nations umbrella, a senior NATO official told CNN. NATO military officials have begun planning efforts to be ready if they are asked for help, the senior official said.
That would include planning for humanitarian aid, air and maritime security, and the possibility of training Libyan military forces at locations outside the country, the senior official said. Arab allies such as Qatar, Jordan and perhaps others are expected to join in any post-conflict effort in order to keep it from looking like NATO nations are running the show, the senior official said.
Meanwhile, the Libya Contact Group -- an alliance of countries -- met Thursday in Istanbul to discuss how to help rebuild Libya's infrastructure.
U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Jeffrey Feltman, on the sidelines of the meeting, said the Arab League was expected to officially "seat" the transitional council at league headquarters in Cairo on Saturday.
Feltman said part of the proposed $1.5 billion in assets, once unfrozen, will help pay oil bills to keep the electricity on in Libya.
State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said participants were looking forward to a high-level meeting of allies in Paris next week.
Italy will unfreeze about $505 million in Libyan assets that have been held in Italian banks, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Thursday.
The rebels have already gotten some support. Mustafa Abdul Jalil, chairman of the transitional council, revealed that Turkey had sent $300 million to the rebels since July.
The expected release of financing for humanitarian aid came as a few signs appeared on the streets of the capital that indicated a lessening of tensions in some neighborhoods. For the first time in days, a few stores opened and more residents were out on the streets.
But fighting continued in pockets as the rebels hustled to consolidate power and much of the city remained a no-go zone. Weapons littered the streets in some areas.
Around one intersection, a dozen bodies lay on the ground, their hands bound behind them. Rebels said they had been executed by Gadhafi's men, but that was not clear. The victims were black Africans, who composed a large part of Gadhafi's army, raising the specter of the revenge killings that Clinton has cautioned against.
The opposition has posted a $1.4 million bounty for Gadhafi's capture or death. Though he hasn't been reported seen since rebel forces began advancing last weekend into the Libyan capital, he appeared to have issued another audio message in which he exhorted his followers to fight for control of the capital.
"Tripoli is for you, men and women," the speaker said. "Go out, go out and free Tripoli. Destroy them wherever they are, fight them. Let the crowds from everywhere march to Tripoli."
The speaker added, "Libya is for you" and not for France or its president, Nicolas Sarkozy. France is a leader in the NATO mission in Libya.
"Do not leave Tripoli for the rats, do not leave them. Fight them, destroy them. You are the overwhelming majority, you have marched in millions. March with the same millions but fight this time. Fill the streets and the fields," the speaker said. Gadhafi has previously described his adversaries as rats.
"Do not be afraid of bombing, you will not be hit. Do not be afraid at all. They are just stun grenades to scare you. Do not be afraid at all, do not surrender Tripoli."
CNN cannot independently confirm who was speaking in the recording.
Special forces from Britain, France, Jordan and Qatar -- on the ground in Libya -- have stepped up operations in support of the rebels in Tripoli and other cities. But a senior opposition official said much of the capital's southern neighborhoods remained dangerous.
"We have 80% of Tripoli liberated," said Hisham Abu Hajer, the coordinator of the rebels' brigades in Tripoli. "The two suburbs of Abu Salim and Al Hadba al Khadra remain contested and fierce fighting with Gadhafi forces continues."
Witnesses told CNN that fighting between rebels and Gadhafi loyalists erupted Thursday at the embattled leader's compound, the scene of a number of clashes in recent days.
A giant plume of smoke rose from the compound in Bab al-Aziziya two days after it was seized by rebels.
Rebels controlled Tripoli's international airport, but were struggling to secure an area east of it. Gadhafi loyalists destroyed an empty Libyan airline passenger plane parked at the airport Thursday -- the third plane destroyed in 24 hours.
"The Tripoli airport is under the control of the rebels, but it is still being shelled by Gadhafi forces with Grad missiles," Abu Hajer said.
NATO is trying to learn how many surface-to-air missiles and launchers may still be operational inside Libya and who controls them, a NATO official told CNN Thursday.
Several months ago, the U.S. military estimated Libya had an arsenal of 20,000 SAMs, but it was not clear how many may have been destroyed during the conflict and who has control of the remaining missiles.
The State Department's Nuland also said the 10 tons of mustard gas stored at the Waddan Ammunition Reservation in Libya are secure "inside massive steel containers within heavy bunkers."
But Nuland also referred to discussions with the transitional council about taking over external security of the facility, raising the question about who is now watching over them.
A U.S. official said the same Libyan government unit that had been guarding the mustard gas stockpile is still doing so, an indication that Gadhafi security forces were still present. But the official said monitoring of the facility has determined "they have neither abandoned their posts, nor tried to gain access to the materials." The materials "are secure, guarded and not disturbed," said the official.
At hospitals across Tripoli, overwhelmed doctors and nurses attempt to care for the wounded. Robin Waudo, a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross, said two surgical teams were en route from Europe with the first scheduled to arrive on Friday.
In Gadhafi's hometown of Sirte, the NTC said it was negotiating with the longtime ruler's tribal leaders for their surrender without bloodshed.
Abu Hajer said the process of moving government ministries from the opposition base in Benghazi to the capital has inched forward, with about four or five ministerial level officials of the NTC already in Tripoli.
In the oil-rich city of al-Brega, several crude oil storage tanks continued burning more than six days after they were set ablaze by retreating Gadhafi troops, said Ramadan Shalash, the refinery fire chief.
CNN's Joe Vaccarello, Richard Roth, Jack Maddox, Dan Rivers, Sara Sidner, Arwa Damon, Raja Razek, Jomana Karadsheh, Hada Messia, Kareem Khadder, Richard Allen Greene, Barbara Starr, Pam Benson, Moni Basu, Tom Cohen and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report.
First White House of the Confederacy The First White House of the Confederacy, located in The First White House of the Confederacy, located in Montgomery , was the executive residence of President Jefferson Davis and his family from February to May 1861, when Montgomery was the capital of the Confederacy. The house was moved to its present location, at 644 Washington Avenue, from the southwest corner of Bibb and Lee Streets in 1921 to prevent damage as the neighborhood underwent renovation. Davis resided in the house for only three months, and thus much of the house's story concerns the preservation efforts of the White House Association of Alabama.
Varina Howell Davis Montgomery to form a new government. The delegates to the constitutional convention named Jefferson Davis provisional president on February 9, and he was inaugurated on the portico of the Capitol on February 18, 1861. On February 21, the Provisional Congress authorized the lease of an executive mansion, furnished and staffed, for $5,000 a year. Davis's wife, Varina Anne Howell, approved the house, and the couple, who were renowned in the city for their graciousness, entertained many important people at the house. The Federal-style house was built between 1832 and 1835 by William Sayre, a lawyer and ancestor of Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald . In the 1850s, owner Col. Edmond Harrison remodeled the home in the Italianate fashion that was then sweeping Alabama ; it was he who leased the home to the Confederate government. After Alabama seceded from the Union on January 11, 1861, representatives from the other seceding states met inMontgomery to form a new government. The delegates to the constitutional convention named Jefferson Davis provisional president on February 9, and he was inaugurated on the portico of the Capitol on February 18, 1861. On February 21, the Provisional Congress authorized the lease of an executive mansion, furnished and staffed, for $5,000 a year. Davis's wife, Varina Anne Howell, approved the house, and the couple, who were renowned in the city for their graciousness, entertained many important people at the house.
After Fort Sumter was fired upon on April 12 and Virginia seceded on April 17, the Confederate government moved to Richmond, Virginia, on May 20 and remained there until war's end. Contents of the Montgomery house were auctioned off. Several prominent families owned the house, but in the late 1890s, as efforts were discussed to preserve the house, the owner refused to sell it because the land on which it sat was growing ever more valuable as the neighborhood gradually turned into a business district.
The Alabama Division of the United Daughters of the Co nfederacy (UDC), organized in 1897, assumed the preservation of the "Jeff Davis House" as its project. At century's end, suggestions were made about using the house as a memorial library in honor of Winnie Davis, the daughter of Jefferson and Varina, a memorial hall for Confederate relics, or a home for Confederate veterans. Although the Alabama UDC raised some $1,000 for moving the house, members became entangled in personal differences and abandoned the project.
Jefferson Davis's Study A new group, the White House Association (WHA) of Alabama, was founded on July 1, 1900, for the purpose of saving and preserving the first White House of the Confederacy, but struggled for nearly 20 years as the residence became a boarding house and fell into disrepair. When the owner at the time, listed as Mrs. R. L. Render, died in LaGrange, Georgia, in 1918, her heirs took possession of the property. Render's husband was sympathetic to the WHA cause and promised to sell the house to the association for $800. After his death however, the heirs first attempted to sell the house for at least $2,000, which was the estimated value of the A new group, the White House Association (WHA) of Alabama, was founded on July 1, 1900, for the purpose of saving and preserving the first White House of the Confederacy, but struggled for nearly 20 years as the residence became a boarding house and fell into disrepair. When the owner at the time, listed as Mrs. R. L. Render, died in LaGrange, Georgia, in 1918, her heirs took possession of the property. Render's husband was sympathetic to the WHA cause and promised to sell the house to the association for $800. After his death however, the heirs first attempted to sell the house for at least $2,000, which was the estimated value of the timber , but consented to the previously agreed upon sum, with the condition that price was for the house and not the property.
As earth-moving equipment began excavating the adjoining property, there were fears that the house would be razed and public protest arose to save the historic building. The hue and cry reached the ears of Governor Thomas E. Kilby , and he approved legislation authorizing $25,000 and a commission to find and purchase land on which to place the house and oversee its removal and renovation.
Although the WHA had found funding and an ally in the governor , the complicated task of actually moving the house to its new location had to be addressed. The structure was first photographed from all four sides and detailed plans were made of the interior. The building was subsequently divided into three sections and each board was marked and disassembled. It was then moved to Washington Avenue and carefully reassembled. The WHA presented the house, fully restored, to the state and people of Alabama in elaborate ceremonies, replete with a parade, banquet, and bands on June 3, 1921, the 113th anniversary of Jefferson Davis's birthday.
First Parlor The house is decorated with many Davis possessions donated by Varina and stored by the WHA, including the family bible and furniture, as well as portraits, Civil War relics, and accoutrements contemporary to the era. The Jefferson Davis bedroom contains the president's bed, and furniture is placed according to a diagram supplied by Varina. The furniture in her bedroom, although not original, includes a bed slept on by the Marquis de Lafayette at an inn in Worthington, Massachusetts, during his travels through the United States. The study is furnished with a table upon which the president wrote The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government, a mahogany desk he used at the house in Richmond, and his last residence, Beauvoir, in Biloxi, Mississippi, and bookcases owned by Alabama governor The house is decorated with many Davis possessions donated by Varina and stored by the WHA, including the family bible and furniture, as well as portraits, Civil War relics, and accoutrements contemporary to the era. The Jefferson Davis bedroom contains the president's bed, and furniture is placed according to a diagram supplied by Varina. The furniture in her bedroom, although not original, includes a bed slept on by the Marquis de Lafayette at an inn in Worthington, Massachusetts, during his travels through the United States. The study is furnished with a table upon which the president wrote The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government, a mahogany desk he used at the house in Richmond, and his last residence, Beauvoir, in Biloxi, Mississippi, and bookcases owned by Alabama governor Thomas H. Watts (1863-1865). The first of two parlors display chairs owned by William Rufus King , Alabama senator and vice president of the United States, and the dining room exhibits a tea set and silver service used by the Davis family. Other rooms are decorated with furniture from the Majestic Hotel in New York City, where Varina passed away, including her deathbed, the family's baby bed, and relics related to generals Robert E. Lee and Thomas Jonathan "Stonewall" Jackson. As an educational institution, the house focuses on the formation of the Confederate States of America, Jefferson Davis and his family, and its preservation.
The state maintains the house and grounds, whereas the WHA owns and maintains the objects inside and manages the house. It is staffed by state merit-system employees, who greet visitors from all over the world.
Additional Resources
Papers of Jefferson Davis. Rice University, Volumes 1-10
Davis, William C. A Government of Our Own. New York: Free Press, 1994
Napier, Cameron Freeman. The First White House of the Confederacy. Montgomery: First White House Association, 1993.
———. The Struggle to Preserve the First White House of the Confederacy. Tuscaloosa: Tuscaloosa of Alabama Press, 1983.
Posted by Daniel in Creative Resource, Design, Inspiration on April 26th, 2010 with 7 Comments
Not more abstract art work? I'm sorry I just can't get enough of it!
Seeing explosions of colour and shapes blended into a real life photography is just truly amazing and these graphic designers have done a fantastic job.
If you like this featurette and think others may too, please press one of the social network sharing buttons at the bottom of the post, go on just press one!
Please note that by clicking on the creative designs below will take you to the full sized version and give you the option to check out the rest of the artists portfolio.
Music power by waver-h
Aladdin's Magic Lamp by Waver Hu
The Fire In Me by Bojan
born for this by kevotu
Creative Love by CkyGFX
Shooting by waver-h
Russian Literature by archanN
Devoted by FictionNOR
Energetic by Fatkur Rokhim
Orange by waver-h
Winter by horaciophd
After death, you hold a life by DoThat
Optimism by Virus69
Kaboom Collaboration – 4 by leodadominico & waver-h
Blue peacock by waver-h
Dora by poisonvectors
Jack and the Beanstalk by huMAC
When the Christmas… by AagaardDS
The Enemy by mikeestrella
The Becoming by KhaoticStorM
Biography
David Foster, renowned musician, songwriter, composer, arranger and producer, has been awarded the 2019 Humanitarian Award Presented by Music Canada.
The award honours Foster's lifelong dedication to philanthropy through his support of hundreds of charities, including his own non-profit organization, The David Foster Foundation, which raises organ donation awareness and provides financial support to Canadian families in need of life-saving transplants.
In the 33 years since Foster established The David Foster Foundation, the organization has helped over 1,100 families with children in need and provided millions of dollars in financial support. In the past twenty years, Foster has supported over 400 charities, including the annual Muhammad Ali Celebrity Fight Night, The Andre Agassi Foundation and Carousel of Hope, to name a few.
Throughout his impressive career, spanning nearly five decades, Foster established himself as one of the most successful songwriters, composers and record producers in history. He has spearheaded albums that have collectively sold in the hundreds of millions and has created hit songs for notable artists including 10-time JUNO winner Diana Krall, global hit-makers, Madonna, Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder and many more. Foster created soundtracks that defined a generation with the likes of The Bodyguard, Urban Cowboy and St. Elmo's Fire. A natural at spotting new talent, Foster played a key role in the discovery and career launches of 20-time JUNO winner Céline Dion, Josh Groban and 13-time JUNO winner Michael Bublé.
For his groundbreaking work in music and composing, Foster has won six JUNO Awards, 16 Grammy Awards, an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe and has received three Oscar nominations for “Best Original Song.” In 1998, Foster was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame; in 2002, the Canadian Walk of Fame; and in 2010, he was honoured by both the Canadian and the American Songwriters Halls of Fame. In 2013, Foster received a star on The Hollywood Walk of Fame, located notably next to his icons – John, Paul, George and Ringo – of The Beatles.
In 2018, Foster set his sights on Broadway, immersing himself in New York theatre culture and embracing it as a new creative outlet. He is working on a Betty Boop production as well as an adaptation of Lucky Us with Jewel. His most recent foray out of retirement saw him working with Michael Bublé to co-produce his new album, Love (2018).
DANIA BEACH, Fla., Aug. 5, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Magic Leap, Inc., a developer of novel human computing interfaces and software, announced today that Dave Gibbons has joined the company to serve as a creative advisor and will be developing projects and IP designed to take advantage of the next personal computing platform.
Dave Gibbons is the co-creator of "Watchmen," the best-selling graphic novel of all-time and, as an artist and writer, has worked on many other comic classics like "Martha Washington," "Rogue Trooper," "Green Lantern," "The Originals," "Secret Service," Dr. Who," "Superman" and "Treatment."
Gibbons met with Magic Leap at San Diego Comic-Con International in 2013 and later visited Magic Leap's Ft. Lauderdale, Florida headquarters to experience the future of immersive entertainment.
"Intellectually I knew what I was seeing wasn't real, but viscerally, experientially, it most certainly was. My brain started wrestling with the meaning of the word 'real.' It hasn't stopped doing so since," said Dave Gibbons. "I have seen the future and the future is magic!"
Magic Leap President & CEO Rony Abovitz commented, "We are honored that Dave will be joining our merry band of techno wizards to develop out-of-this-world creative content for our new platform."
Dave will be working in conjunction with Andy Lanning in his role as Magic Leap's Comic World Ambassador.
"Andy and I will have a few more announcements to make, regarding some of the most creative and visionary folks in the comic world," said Abovitz. "The computing platform we are creating at Magic Leap will enable a very wide array of applications – one of them for sure will be to bring the dreams of comics and sci-fi to life in ways that will make fans incredibly happy."
He continues, "I grew up drawing comics and dreaming sci-fi dreams, which led to starting robot companies and now Magic Leap. Working with legendary comic creators like Dave and Andy has brought things back full circle – we are making childhood dreams real."
Andy Lanning has worked as a comic book writer and artist for over 25 years and is the co-author of the 2008 "Guardians of The Galaxy" comic series, which writer/director James Gunn used as the source material and inspiration for Marvel's #1 Summer smash hit movie that grossed more than $160.4 worldwide and $94 million in the U.S. during its opening weekend (August 1- August 3, 2014) according to Rentrak Corporation.
"We congratulate Andy and the folks at Marvel on the success of "Guardians of the Galaxy" which has broken all records for an August opening. He has been part of Magic Leap since our very beginning. He has helped to infuse Magic Leap with his overflowing enthusiasm for comics, comic-culture, sci-fi, and all things cool and fun," adds Abovitz. "The whole team is incredibly buzzed to see Andy's work on Guardians hit the silver screen. Andy's guardian spirit can be felt throughout the galaxy."
"To have a #1 box office hit movie based on the comic I worked on is a dream come true," said Lanning. "But, to be working with the amazingly talented and visionary people at Magic Leap is almost unbelievable - I have to keep pinching myself at the wonderful opportunity I've been given here."
About Magic Leap, Inc.
Magic Leap, Inc. was founded in 2011 by Rony Abovitz, a few wizards, and inspired friendship from Sir Richard Taylor, co-founder of Weta Workshop. To learn more, please visit www.magicleap.com.
SOURCE Magic Leap, Inc.
SAN ANTONIO - It looks like the voting tsunami has calmed down at area early voting sites, News Radio 1200 WOAI reports.
The totals coming in from the early voting on Sunday reports about 17,000 people cast ballots yesterday, that is down from roughly 40,000 per day who were casting early votes each day last week.
Again, the north side, and mostly Republican, polling places were the busiest. The single busiest polling place on Sunday was again the Brook Hollow Library, where an amazing 12,000 votes have been cast since early voting began a week ago today.
Other super busy polling places include the Great Northwest Library and the Cody Library, both in districts which are reliably Republican.
Despite bold promises by Democrats that the Democrat leaning Latino vote would be streaming into the polls this year, driven by Donald Trump's unflattering comments about some Mexican immigrants, so far that has not occurred. The slowest polling places are on the largely Hispanic south and west sides.
For example, only 79 people showed up to vote at the South San ISD Administration building on Sunday, at the same time more than 1100 were voting at the Brook Hollow Library. While more than 12,000 votes have been cast at Brook Hollow, fewer than 1500 have been cast at South San.
At the same time, the Bexar County Elections Administrator has moved to correct issues which had caused concern among activist groups.
Jackie Callanan moved over the weekend to replace signs which Democratic Party activists claimed were 'outdated' and provided incorrect information about the new Voter ID compromise.
Also, Callanan says voters are being encouraged to take steps to avoid what some voters have said is 'vote flipping, where a vote for one candidate or party is mistakenly registered as being for another candidate.
"The Secretary of State said they want us to put up signs advising the voters to look at the 'review' screen," she said.
That screen lists all of the votes the voter has cast and allows the voter to make changes before the votes are counted.
All of the allegations of 'vote flipping,' including one video widely circulated on Facebook, which turned out to be from the 2014 election for governor in Virginia, have proven to be cases of voter error.
WOAI PHOTO
A Washington Post survey of established economists shows growing support for President Donald Trump's planned merit-based immigration reform to boost Americans' productivity and wealth.
The reluctant approval was buried deep in an article about elite economists' objections to Trump's plan to reduce the annual inflow of the unskilled workers who drive down the salaries of blue-collar Americans including African-Americans and recent legal immigrants. According to the article:
There's little love among economists and business leaders for a 50 percent cut in immigration overall, but there is growing support for moving the United States to a more merit-based immigration system … At the moment, only 15 percent of green cards are issued for employment reasons, according to Department of Homeland Security data.
Trump and his aides are working closely with Sen. David Perdue and Sen. Tom Cotton to develop a “merit based” plan that will reduce the “chain migration” inflow of unskilled migrants, and instead favor immigration of skilled people who can help raise Americans' productivity and wealth.
“There is a case for adopting a … system of ‘points' whereby preference is given to people with desired skills,” Martin Barnes, chief economist at BCA Research in Montreal, told the Washington Post, echoing the long-standing preferences of pro-American immigration reformers.
But the article, by Heather Long, a graduate of Wellesley and Oxford, instead focused on the economists' lopsided opposition to Trump's promised cuts in mass cheap-labor, welfare-aided immigration:
“Restricting immigration will only condemn us to chronically low rates of economic growth,” said Bernard Baumohl, chief global economist at the Economic Outlook Group. “It also increases the risk of the recession.” Thomas Simons, senior economist at the Jefferies investment firm, called the idea “absolutely harmful to an economy with a population undergoing the demographic transformation.”
Of course immigration expands the economy by importing more welfare-aided consumers and more wage-cutting workers. In fact, the federal government imports 1 million new consumers each year via the legal immigration system. That is great for business — such as the Chamber of Commerce and Amazon.com Inc. — and also for the federal government which gains more tax revenue plus more customers for government-provided services, such as welfare and healthcare.
However, merely expanding the number of consumers does not make Americans wealthier or more productive. If that were so, then Americans would get richer if Somalia, Yemen, and Niger were allowed to become the 51st, 52nd and 53rd states in the United States of America. This is a really obvious point, which any kid watching an eight-slice pizza baking in the oven immediately understands when her siblings rush into the kitchen.
In fact, cheap-labor mass immigration imposes a massive “immigration tax” on most Americans.
Each year, 4 million Americans turn 18 — but the federal government immediately imports 1 million new immigrants, plus few hundred thousand extra illegal immigrants, plus roughly 1.5 million temporary visa workers, such as H-1B workers at Wellesley.
Via the basic law of supply and demand, that huge inflow of new workers forces down Americans' wages and salaries by roughly $500 billion each year, boosts profits for Wall Street, and also reduces pressure on investors to develop and buy labor-saving, productivity boosting, wealth-generating machinery that can pick strawberries, cook hamburgers, clean rooms, mow grass, debone chickens, milk cows, and write newspaper articles. That huge infusion of immigrant labor also creates a new population of low-wage servants for the urban elite, including waiters, cleaners, store assistants, baristas, cooks, and day-care providers, many of whom are packed into profit-generating apartments linked by public transit to their employers' upper-income neighborhoods.
This wage drop is such an obvious consequence of labor supply-and-demand that even the Congressional Budget Office admitted it publicly when the bipartisan establishment was trying to win passage of the cheap-labor-and-amnesty “Gang of Eight” immigration bill in 2013.
This wage problem has grown far beyond the working-class because companies are now importing foreign graduates to work as cheap therapists, doctors, professors, scientists, teachers, software experts or graphics designers, at a huge cost to American college graduates.
Understandably, Wall Street, establishment economists, and globalist writers are determined to publicly downplay immigration's huge impact on their status and other people's salaries. For example, Long quotes Wall Streeter Mark Zandi opposing Trump's plan to reduce the importation of customers:
“Limiting immigration to the U.S. is a grave mistake,” says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. “The only way to meaningfully increase U.S. economic growth on a sustained basis anytime soon is to increase immigration.”
She also noted that in June 2016, Zandi issued a report arguing that Trump's labor-supply policies, AKA Trump's immigration policies, would be a disaster.
But Long apparently didn't keep up with Breitbart News' investigation into Zandi's report which revealed a bonanza for people outside of Wall Street and the Washington Post.
“As the immigrants leave, the already-tight labor market will get tighter, pushing up labor costs as employers struggle to fill the open job positions,” the report promised. “Mr. Trump's immigration policies will thus result in … potentially severe labor shortages, and higher labor costs,” Zandi's report promised. The formal unemployment rate would immediately drop by a third, from 5 percent in 2016 to 3.5 percent in 2017, the report predicted. Housing prices would drop by almost 4 percent in 2018 and 2019, it warned.
Zandi's worry about wages and housing was based on his earlier study of Arizona, where the forced departure of illegals had many economic effects. For example, it forced employers to pay higher wages and to accept lower monthly payments from renters. According to Zandi's Arizona report:
The median income of low-skilled whites who did manage to get jobs rose about 6% during that period, the economists estimate … wages rose about 15% for Arizona farmworkers and about 10% for construction between 2010 and 2014 … “It was like, ‘Where did everybody go?' ” says Teresa Acuna, a Phoenix real-estate agent who works in Latino neighborhoods. Real-estate agent Patti Gorski says her sales records show that prices of homes owned by Spanish-speaking customers fell by 63% between 2007 and 2010, compared with a 44% drop for English-speaking customers, a difference she attributes partly to financial pressure on owners who had been renting homes to immigrants who departed.
This is all just the basic economics of supply, demand, and price, which is much the same for labor as it is for bananas, crude oil and other commodities.
Yet Long and her allies ignore Americans' wages in the labor market. They're focused on growing the power of the state and corporate American, regardless of the cost for blue-collar and white-collar Americans who don't attend elite universities or work in elite institutions. Her focus on what is good for the elites, for business and the state — above all else — shows throughout her progressive article:
the baby boomers are starting to retire. The United States needs more people to replace them … business leaders with big and small firms complain say they can't find enough workers. They are especially vocal about not being able to find enough people for really low-skilled, low-pay work and for really highly skilled jobs … From an economics standpoint, the key is to get more workers with the desired skills into the country. It's why the tech community is lobbying so hard for more H-1B visas …
Polls show that Americans do not want Long's vision of a Brazilian-style, two-tier, elite-run economy. That is largely why they imported a real-estate developer from New York to do the merit-based immigration reform that Long and her peers just do not want to do.
D.C. VOTERS, as expected, gave overwhelming approval to a ballot initiative that would legalize marijuana and, as expected, there were immediate rumblings from Capitol Hill of plans to block its implementation. We did not favor passage of Initiative 71, but we do believe in democracy and self-government. Congress should recognize how inappropriate it would be to interfere with the District on this local issue.
Within hours of Tuesday's passage of a measure that would make it permissible for adults in the District to possess as much as 2 ounces of marijuana, Rep. Andy Harris (R-Md.) signaled his interest in preventing the law from going into effect. “I will consider using all resources available to a member of Congress to stop this action,” said Mr. Harris, who previously tried to upend the District's decriminalization of marijuana. Mr. Harris said his interest stems from concerns about the possible impact of legalization on adolescent drug use, yet he has shown little interest in the welfare of teenagers who reside in states that have moved to legalize the drug.
The District, because of its unique relation to Congress, is an easy stalking horse for members to advance agendas that would be unpalatable in most jurisdictions. And the Democratic-majority city's always-tenuous relationship with the Hill became even more precarious with the Republican sweep of the midterm elections.
There are, nonetheless, some hopeful signs that Congress might respect D.C. rights on this matter. The GOP-controlled House went on record this year as opposing the use of funds to prevent states from implementing laws that authorize the use, distribution and possession of medical marijuana. Rand Paul (Ky.), the ranking Republican on the Senate committee with oversight of the District, has said that D.C. voters, not Congress, should decide this issue. “I'm not for having the federal government get involved,” he told Roll Call.
That Congress will scrutinize the law is all the more reason the District needs to take care in crafting a system that regulates the sale of the drug. The experience of states such as Colorado have revealed unintended — and harmful — consequences, most notably problems with marijuana's main active ingredient in food products. The D.C. Council, which did a good job establishing rules for medical marijuana, should do its homework on how legalization is unfolding in other states before allowing Initiative 71 to go into effect.
When Paul Hibler debuted Superba Food and Bread in Venice, California, back in 2014, one of the all-day restaurant's most acclaimed—though now discontinued—items wasn't served on a plate. Instead, it was a hazelnut cappuccino developed by opening barman Tyler Wells that immediately earned the place praise, composed of two espresso shots and house-made hazelnut milk sweetened with maple syrup.
Over the last few years, and due in no small part to this city's interest in nutritional wellness and environmental sustainability, Los Angeles area cafes and specialty coffee shops have upped their alternative dairy milk game beyond the usual soy.
While Superba Food and Bread may have thrust hazelnut milk coffee drinks into the spotlight, one of the city's earliest adapters of house-made nut milk was Culver City's three-year-old caffeine hub Bar Nine, which has also served its myriad coffee drinks with a proprietary hazelnut milk since inception. According to owner Zayde Naquib, “It is our only non-dairy alternative to whole milk, and we make it every morning.” After three months of research and development, testing out various nut combinations, Naquib decided on a simple blend of water, hazelnuts, dates, and sea salt, and now that combination is ordered almost as frequently in drinks as traditional cow's milk. “I find that hazelnuts are a little less bitter than other nuts, and the flavor pairs really well with the bright and vibrant coffees we like to roast and serve,” Naquib tells Sprudge.
Similar sentiments are echoed at Gjelina co-owner Travis Lett's Gjusta bakery in Venice, where the breezy, rustic eatery offers a hazelnut-almond milk blend in traditional coffee beverages, from lattes to cappuccinos.
For those keen on caffeine but looking to avoid dairy, no trip to Los Angeles would be complete without a Business & Pleasure at Charles Babinski and Kyle Glanville's Go Get Em Tiger, a minimalist Larchmont Avenue coffee bar known for its excellent coffee, sure, but also an addictive blend of almond and macadamia milk. While customers can order the rich, creamy nut milk as a dairy replacement in a variety of hot and cold drinks, the Business & Pleasure itself is, in fact, a three part beverage. It consists of an espresso shot, a palate cleanser of sparkling tea, and finally a mix of espresso, simple syrup, and the house-made almond-macadamia milk that's dusted with ground espresso beans. Explains Babinski, “We have made an effort to not treat the almond-macadamia milk simply as a dairy-alternative, but as a completely separate ingredient in our menu. It's not something you suffer from when you can't have [or] don't want to drink milk.” Almond-macadamia milk drinks now account for nearly half of their business at Go Get Em Tiger.
But it's not just cafes and coffee shops looking to supply quality vegan milk alternatives. Hollywood fine dining restaurant Republique, which serves from breakfast through dinner, added almond milk—made once or twice a day depending on demand— to its coffee mixer roster as of last March. Next up, chef and owner Walter Manzke is working on a peanut milk recipe. Meanwhile, buzzy Fairfax Italian eatery Jon & Vinny's also offers a house-made almond milk, perfect for your cappuccino après-meatballs.
Yet, one of Los Angeles' most delicious almond milks hails from the unlikely locale of a Santa Monica ice cream shop. While Josh Loeb and Zoe Nathan of Rustic Canyon Restaurant Group first made house-made almond milks at their casual Santa Monica bakery and pizzeria cafe, Huckleberry and Milo & Olive, respectively, it was a tweaked version for sale at Sweet Rose Creamery on Pico which really took off, especially when paired with quality local roaster Caffe Luxxe brews. That recipe is now the standard at many of the group's venues.
Last spring, Santa Barbara's popular wellness-focused fruit bowl haunt Backyard Bowls landed on Beverly Boulevard, planting its açai and porridge bowls on new turf. While the cafe's initial alt-milk on offer was a house-made coconut-cashew blend, co-owner Dan Goddard is currently providing either straight cashew or hemp milk mixed into bowls, coffee, or sold in jars to go. However, in the next few months he's planning to launch an alt-milk line, which will include the original coconut-cashew, plus lavender cashew, and matcha cashew.
No matter your milk preference, try one of these alternatives the next time you're in LA. In this health-minded city's newly ascendant food and beverage scene, baristas and restaurant operators will take any opportunity to make their menus stand out—and the results are some truly delicious and singular house-made nut milks.
Kat Odell (@kat_odell) is a freelance writer based in New York and Los Angeles. Odell's forthcoming book, Day Drinking, comes out in 2017 from Workman Publishing. Read more Kat Odell on Sprudge.
Top photo courtesy of Michelle Park.
Are services traded differently?
Andrea Ariu
International trade is traditionally thought of as goods crossing borders. Trade in services, however, is becoming increasingly important for high-income countries. This column, using Belgian firm-level data from 1995-2005, argues that trade in goods and services differ deeply in key aspects such as firm participation rates, size and frequency of shipments, entry and exit rates in foreign markets and in growth strategies.
International trade is traditionally thought of as goods crossing borders. Trade in services, however, is becoming increasingly important for high-income countries and its role is likely to grow substantially over the next years (Francois and Hoekman 2010).
Trade in services and goods differ along several critical dimensions (WTO 2010).
Goods must physically cross borders, so the means of transportation matter.
Services are intangible and thus do not need to cross borders in a physical sense.
Goods' characteristics are generally observable before purchase, and goods can be produced, moved, stored and consumed in different locations and time.
Typically, services are not storable, their characteristics are not observable before purchase, and production and consumption often coincide spatially and temporally.
Trade in goods is subject to tariffs that discriminate across countries.
Trade in services is not subject to any tariff, but rather to technical barriers1 that rarely discriminate across countries.
Why are trade patterns so similar when goods and services are so different?
Despite these differences, recent studies using firm-level trade data2 surprisingly find that both types of trade share many qualitative features and only few, if any, differences. In new research (Ariu 2012) I use a more detailed dataset on Belgian firms for the1995-2005 period to go deeper into the comparison of trade in goods and in services.
Trade is rare, even more so for services
It is a well-known fact in the literature that among all operating firms, only a tiny minority – around 4% - participate in international trade in goods (Bernard et al. 2007). This low percentage highlights that international trade is a very selective process and only very few firms can consider operating in foreign markets. In Ariu (2012) I find that among all operating firms, only 1% participate in international trade in services. This suggests that trade in services is even more elitist than trade in goods.
Our results point at higher fixed costs as the cause of this low participation rate for trade in services. A more severe selection process allows fewer, but bigger and more productive firms to enter the export market. This mechanism might be induced by the relatively higher restrictions that are still in place for trade in services, such as visa requirements, special national certifications or professional associations (Breinlich and Criscuolo 2011).
Another interesting aspect of trade participation is that 5% of exporters and 8% of importers trade both goods and services. Despite representing a small number of firms, these account for more than 30% of total trade. Therefore, even if firms have to pay higher fixed costs to start trading both goods and services, selling them together might generate more value than trading only one of them. This fact can be an indication that there can be complementarities in exporting them jointly. Examples of this phenomenon are vehicles and insurance, machinery and technical services such as repairs or maintenances.
Trade frequency and size
Firms trading goods tend to make a lot of shipments over one year, and the value of each tends to be relatively small. On the contrary, firms trading services make very few transactions and their size tends to be relatively big. This difference remains true even when we focus only on firms trading both goods and services. The difference in transaction size and frequency may be due to the fact that goods can be easily divided while services are not divisible. Therefore, firms exporting services tend to do it all at once, while firms trading goods divide the supply into different shipments and customise the process following customers' needs.
Entry and exit in foreign markets
Every year, 43% of firms that export services are “new” exporting firms, i.e. firms that were not exporting services previously. The entry rate is thus very high. This percentage is only 31% for goods' exporters. Yet, 36% of firms involved in export of services will not export the following year (this figure is 27% for trade in goods). Foreign markets thus seem to be more attractive for services but also more uncertain, with exit rates higher than for goods. Looking at the net effect of the turnover created by the entry and exit, I find that during the period examined, there is a positive net entry for both goods and services.
Trade volumes and growth strategies
While a few firms exporting several different products in several countries dominate goods' flows (Bernard et al. 2012 and Mayer et al. 2010), we observe a less skewed distribution for trade in services. Differences across firms in terms of exported and imported values for services are less remarkable than for goods. The lack of big exporters and importers of services might be the consequence of the high barriers still in place for trade in services which are hampering them to become as big as their goods counterparts. However, by looking at the growth paths of exporting and importing firms, we observe that services exporters are smaller than goods exporters in their first year in foreign markets, but their growth is higher and more persistent, and after ten years they become bigger than their goods counterparts. Therefore, the absence of very big exporters and importers for services seem to be driven more by the fact that trade in services is a relatively young form of trade than to higher trade barriers. In a scenario where trade barriers for services go down and services trade acquires more maturity, services and goods trade shares should converge, and eventually services might also become the main component of world trade in the near future.
Conclusions and policy implications
Goods and services deeply differ in some key aspects such as participation rates, size and frequency of shipments, in entry and exit rates in foreign markets and in growth strategies. These differences highlight the need for more firm-level research to understand the causes and provide tailored trade policies.
A low participation in exports and imports suggests that trade barriers for services are still very high, and only the biggest and most productive firms are able to overcome them. Therefore the abatement of trade barriers for services would allow more firms to participate to trade, providing them with the opportunity to exploit new markets.
Services are frequently bundled with products, therefore, services' trade liberalisation could induce positive effects for trade in goods, but also vice-versa. Therefore, governments, when negotiating the reduction of trade barriers, should also take into account these positive side effects.
We find that exporting and importing services represents an appealing opportunity that attracts many firms, but also a risky one since only a few survive. Therefore, a more detailed analysis of entry and exit determinants would provide useful evidence to understand the reasons behind the high turnover and eventually provide policymakers with possible policy responses.
Services' trade growth is higher and more persistent than goods' trade growth. This means that demand for goods and services follows different paths and services are gaining more and more importance. In the near future services can possibly become the main component of world trade. Hence, governments should provide firms with the appropriate environment to exploit this new opportunity of growth.
References
Andrea Ariu (2012) "Services Versus Goods Trade: Are They the Same?" CEPR Discussion Paper 9036.
Bernard, A. B., Jensen, B. J., Redding, S. J., and Shott, P. K. (2011). "The Empirics of Firm Heterogeneneity and International Trade". Annual Review of Economics, forthcoming.
Bernard, A. B., Jensen, B. J., Redding, S. J., and Shott, P. K. (2007). "Firms in International Trade". Journal of Economic Perspectives, 21(3):105–130.
Breinlich, H. and Criscuolo, C. (2011). "International Trade in Services: a Portrait of Importers and Exporters". Journal of International Economics, Elsevier, 84 (2) p. 188– 206.
Federico, S. and Tosti, E. (2010). "Exporters and importers of services: Firm-level evidence on italy". mimeograph.
Francois, J. and Hoekman, B. (2010), "Services Trade and Policy" , Journal of Economic Literature, Vol. 48, p. 642-692.
Gaulier, G., Mirza, D., and Milet, E. (2011). "French Firms in International Trade in Services". Économie et Statistiques, n.435-436, p. 125-147
Kelle, M. and Kleinert, J. (2010). "German firms in service trade". Applied Economics Quarterly (formerly: Konjunkturpolitik), Duncker & Humblot, Berlin, 56(1) pag. 51–72.
Thierry Mayer and Marc J. Melitz and Gianmarco I.P. Ottaviano, 2010. "Market size, competition and the product mix of exporters," Working Paper Research 202, National Bank of Belgium.
Walter, P. and Dell'mour, R. (2010). "Firm-Level Analysis of International Trade in Services". IFC Working Papers 4.
World Trade Organization, (2010), Measuring Trade in Services
Technical barriers refer to the legislation or the technical barriers that hamper or impede the provision of services in a country. Examples are visa restrictions, special regulation that limit the exercise of particular jobs like doctors or physical barriers that limit the provision of telecommunication services.
2 Breinlich and Criscuolo (2011) for the UK; Kelle and Kleinert (2010) for Germany; Walter and Dell'mour (2010) for Austria; Gaulier et al. (2010) for France; and Federico and Tosti (2010) for Italy.
In the first Democratic primary debate 10 months ago, Hillary Clinton didn't have to charge that Barack Obama wasn't ready to be president on Day One. He did the work for her. He was halting, mumbling, and tentative. The only confidence he instilled was in Clinton. Nineteen debates later, he's improved so much that if he's not ready to be president on Day One, you could imagine he might get there after a little study. At what may be the last debate of the Democratic primary, Obama was commanding, at ease, and magnanimous. Clinton needed him to stumble, and he didn't. He won the night.
How a candidate performs in a debate tells us only a little about how he or she would perform as president, but that's not the way Clinton aides told us we should view these debates. During the tough February slog, while Clinton was losing electoral contests to Obama, her aides promised that in one-on-one sessions, voters would see how she towered over her puny rival. It didn't happen. Clinton didn't have a bad evening in Cleveland on Tuesday night; it's just that she didn't scratch Obama, and the moderators didn't much, either.
In the first 16 minutes, Obama and Clinton had another heated exchange about their health-care plans. Obama held his own, as he had the week before in Austin. To damage him, Clinton needed to either puncture his arguments or make him look weak on the issue. She did neither.
Clinton's goal for the evening was to show that she was a fighter. She returned repeatedly to the theme, explaining why her tough spirit was necessary for the hard business of governing. She then proved how tough she was answering tough questioning by the moderators, who were harder on her than they were on Obama. Clinton mostly hit the right tone, a hard thing for a female candidate to do at such length without bruising the sensitivities of unreconstructed viewers. But in a sign of how Obama has improved, he saw that Clinton was pitching herself as a fighter and used it against her. “She mentioned that she is a fighter on health care,” he said. “The way she approached it back in ‘93, I think, was wrong, in part because she had the view that what's required is simply to fight. And Sen. Clinton ended up fighting not just the insurance companies and the drug companies, but also members of her own party.”
Obama was an elusive target all night, diffusing each of Clinton's attempts to make pointed contrasts. When she repeated her claim about the limited power of his oratory, Obama went beyond his standard retort that words are important because they can inspire, and he added his own anti-rhetoric riff. He described talking with four Ohio women who struggle to find adequate health care and got indignant on their behalf. “I am not interested in talk,” he said, promising to enact policies that will help them. “I am not interested in speeches.” The answer touched a lot of bases. He pandered to the local crowd by talking about some of their own, showed his empathy for women, a group he consistently loses to Clinton, and demonstrated he would fight for regular folk on issues that matter to them, something he wants to show low-income voters who have preferred his opponent in some contests.
Clinton compared Obama to George Bush when arguing that he lacked experience. Obama parried that if inexperience was the obvious deficiency she now says it is, why had Clinton “facilitated and enabled” the inexperienced Bush's decision to invade Iraq. At the end of the debate, when Clinton admitted that she would like to take back her 2002 vote authorizing the use of force in Iraq, it further undermined her argument about her experience.
When Obama couldn't flip an answer back on his opponent, he just gave in. Asked about Louis Farrakhan's support, Obama said that he had denounced Farrakhan and his anti-Semitic views in the past, but he wouldn't answer Tim Russert's question about whether he would renounce Farrakhan's endorsement now. Clinton tried to make something of the distinction, pointing out that when an anti-Semitic group supported her 2000 campaign, she renounced it. Obama gave in. “If the word reject Sen. Clinton feels is stronger than the word denounce, then I'm happy to concede the point,” he said. “I would reject and denounce.”
Both candidates had bad moments. When Obama was asked whether he would honor his pledge to take public financing in the general election, he returned to the mumbling stumbler of the early debates. He has campaigned as a reformer and a new kind of politician who doesn't play games, but he didn't demonstrate that in his duck-and-dodge answer. (Fortunately for Obama, his potential Republican opponent John McCain is having his own problems on this front.)
When Obama was asked about a vote he would like to retract, he cited his inaction during the Congressional debate over ending life support for Terry Schiavo. He said he should have stood on the floor and tried to stop intervention into her care. “Inaction,” he said, “can be as costly as action.” Those who criticize Obama for waiting 11 months after coming to the Senate to speak out against the Iraq war would agree with the senator about the cost of inaction. Were Clinton not so compromised on the issue of Iraq, she could have perhaps turned Obama's words against him to challenge his claims to superior leadership on the issue.
Clinton's low moment came when she referred to a Saturday Night Live sketch when complaining that she always got the first questions at debates. The objection didn't make sense on its face—often candidates want the first whack at a question. It also wasn't such an act of media bias that it fit with the sketch, which lampooned the press for its Obama infatuation. If you hadn't seen the show, Clinton's repeating a line from it—”Maybe we should ask Barack if he's comfortable and needs another pillow”—must have seemed just bewildering. (She may yet benefit, though, as cable networks replay the skit in trying to explain what she meant.)
Clinton had a nearly impossible task for the evening as she tried to slow Obama's momentum. He's now tied with her in Texas polls and is close to erasing her lead in Ohio surveys. There's just a week left before the two primaries in those states that will determine whether Clinton survives, and she still hasn't found an effective line of attack. At times she seemed weary as she pressed her familiar case about Obama's lack of experience, vulnerability to Republican attacks, and her better credentials. She's been making those claims for months, and voters have nevertheless moved away from her. At one point, Clinton talked about how she barely had time to sleep, and you could believe it. Watching her fight through 90 minutes trying to make some kind of dent against the vastly improved Obama made you want to offer her a pillow.
Tennessee football report card: Grading the Vols in their 42-41 OT win vs. Georgia Tech by Caleb Calhoun
Tennessee football quarterback Quinten Dormady's starting debut was the best in school history as the Volunteers beat the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets.
This is not an exaggeration. Ever since the passing game became an integral part of the offense, try as hard as you can to find a better debut for a starting quarterback in Tennessee football history than what Quinten Dormady had Monday night.
After starting the game 8-for-20, the chips were against Dormady. He was not the mobile quarterback Joshua Dobbs was, and another mobile quarterback, Jarrett Guarantano, was breathing down his neck as a back-up. Fans had already benched him.
How did he respond? By going 12-for-17 the rest of the way to finish 20-of-37 for 221 yards, two touchdowns and no interceptions against a good team and one of the most elite and experienced secondaries in the country. Oh, he also led a game-tying 95-yard drive in regulation with the clock winding down en route to that win.
Sure, he had a ton of help from Marquez Callaway and John Kelly, but so what? Dormady actually had to get Callaway the ball. And his passing also allowed Kelly to be more effective.
Dormady was clutch the entire second half and overtime, never flinching. Sure, he needed some luck to get the chance to lead the two-touchdown comeback. But he still did his part. Butch Jones and Larry Scott deserve tons of credit for sticking with him.
And in the history of Tennessee football quarterbacks, you can't find one who had a more impressive debut as a starter.
Joshua Dobbs was awful in his first three starts. Peyton Manning only put up 10 points in his start in a horrendous offensive performance but saw his defense carry him to victory. Heath Shuler, while solid, made his debut against Southwester Louisiana. Condredge Holloway got a win against the same Yellow Jackets, but he scored no touchdowns and had two interceptions.
Only one quarterback could be in the conversation when you factor in what he did and the competition he faced. That quarterback was Tee Martin.
He led the Vols to a more impressive victory, beating Syracuse and Donovan McNabb on the road while leading a game-winning drive. Like Dormady, he threw two touchdown passes. And he also ran for 80 yards.
Altogether, that would seem to make for an even more impressive starting debut. However, we give the edge to Dormady because Martin's stat line was 9-of-26 for 143 yards throwing the ball. The 80 yards rushing only put his totals on par with Dormady but not his efficiency.
Oh, and while Dormady had Callaway, Martin had Peerless Price, the greatest playmaker in Tennessee football history.
Also Georgia Tech this year could be close to Syracuse in 1998 in terms of talent. And Dormady was actually facing a better secondary.
So he gets the edge.
What about other Tennessee quarterbacks?
Before Dobbs, Nathan Peterman had a start. It was the worst half in the history of Tennessee football quarterbacks, against the Florida Gators in 2013.
And before Butch Jones, Justin Worley started for Derek Dooley and only put up three points in his debut against the South Carolina Gamecocks.
Matt Simms helped his team to 50 points and Tyler Bray had five touchdowns in their starting debuts. But they came against UT Martin and the Memphis Tigers when they were led by Larry Porter. So there was no competition.
What about the Phillip Fulmer years?
Jonathan Crompton was awful in a loss to the Arkansas Razorbacks in 2006. Rick Clausen had to hold on to beat the Vanderbilt Commodores. Brent Schaeffer had good numbers, but they came against UNLV.
Erik Ainge? Check what happened when he faced Auburn in the 2004 regular season. It was utter embarrassment.
Casey Clausen scored a 20-10 win over Alabama, which was impressive, but he didn't do much. Joey Mathews was pulled in his first start, and A.J. Suggs lost his.
Jerry Colquitt got hurt, and Todd Helton relied on James Stewart to beat Georgia in 1994.
And with those guys, we've now gone through every quarterback who started a game since Fulmer. Even in the Majors years, though, nobody came close to Dormady.
Andy Kelly did put up 45 points in his first start, but it was against a bad LSU Tigers team, and most of it came from defense, special teams and Chuck Webb.
Simply put, if you go back through the history of Tennessee football starting quarterbacks, there's nobody who had a better debut than Dormady. And after a 42-41 double-overtime comeback victory, he deserves some major recognition.
After millions of people were targeted in a Gmail phishing attack this week that used a fake Google Doc to trick users into handing over access to their email account, Google is taking steps to make sure the next attack isn't so widespread.
In a post on the G Suite Updates blog titled, “Making email safer with anti-phishing security checks in Gmail on Android,” Google explains that it will be introducing a new security feature in its Android app this week that will help identify fraudulent sites that are looking to dupe you into revealing your personal information.
The way it works is similar to the warning you get when you navigate to a suspicious site in Chrome. When you click on a shady link in a message, Google will show a warning prompt that reads, “The site you are trying to visit has been identified as a forgery, intended to trick you into disclosing financial, personal or other sensitive information.” As with Chrome, it gives you the option to continue to the page and report the warning as incorrect.
Google Android users will now see a warning when they try to click on a fraudulent link.
While it's unclear how many people clicked on the Google Doc link from Android phones, this move certainly seems to be in response to Wednesday's attack. In a statement, Google said it has “taken action to protect users against an email spam campaign impersonating Google Docs” and that the scam affected “fewer than 0.1 percent of Gmail users.” Based on the billion Gmail users around the globe, however, that's still likely around a million users.
Anyone who clicked on the Google Doc link should change their password immediately and revoke access to the fraudulent “Google Docs” app in their Google Account settings.
Why this matters: Phishing attacks are a fact of life on the web, but the Google Doc scam this week was particularly sophisticated. The steps Google is taking here are good ones, and we hope to see the same security measures added to Gmail's apps on iOS and the web.
This story, "Google beefs up security in Android Gmail app following Docs phishing scam" was originally published by Greenbot .
HTC Vive Pre Set. New controllers, new HMD, new 'Lighthouse' tracking units
Back in October 2015, we had a conversation with an senior industry executive close to HTC. In that conversation, the soft-spoken executive claimed that HTC's virtual reality group will go through a major change, and that the future for Vive will be “what the Radeon Technologies Group spin-off was for AMD, but (HTC) will go beyond that.” According to our source, HTC was used as a logistics and legal vehicle to jump-start the new company, which will go much further than a simple headset designer and manufacturer.
Thanks to Digitimes, we learned that Chinese-only newspaper Commercial Times confirmed the upcoming spin-off from none other than Cher Wang herself. The CEO and Chairman of HTC fought many battles and won, continuing her family's reign as one of most influential families in Taiwan (research Formosa Plastics). Daughter of legendary Wang Yung-ching, she used her skills among nine other siblings to not just rival, but overtake her father's wealth. Shifting between S3 Graphics, VIA Technologies and HTC, Cher proved that she can pull moves that are often misunderstood by the competition.
Vive brand is a cornerstone element of Cher Wang's strategy that will span from developer relations and retail products to investment funds and industry organizations. If we take a look at HTC Vive today, the movement inside HTC could be split into the following:
HTC Vive PRE – Content Developer Program that samples Vive headsets to interested parties
HTC Vive – Virtual Reality Headset
ViveX Accelerator – $100 million Fund, locations in Beijing, Taipei and San Francisco
Viveport – Digital distribution channel to sell in-house and licensed VR content
Vive Studios – in-house VR content development, extended arm of ViveX for content (VR games / VR movies)
Asia Pacific Virtual Reality – Industry alliance led by Cher Wang
As you can see for yourself, the brand “HTC” is used only on two out of six different business entities that are designed to drive demand for virtual reality products. The future might bring the business entity “VIVE”, unifying different business units under the same banner. It is expected that the spin off will happen in third quarter of this year at the earliest. We expect that the spin off will take place before the company unveils their second generation headset that will bring 2K per eye resolution, higher refresh rate and more importantly, two different packages – one with the lighthouse and controllers, and the one without (for users of 1st gen Vive headsets).
Small businesses added 81,000 while medium-sized firms gained 64,000, with large companies generating just 17,000 for the the month, the report from ADP and Macroeconomic Advisors said.
Services firms were responsible for 144,000 of the jobs, while manufacturing generated just 4,000 new positions. The service total was off from the 175,000 increase in August.
Construction jobs jumped, with the 10,000 gain the biggest since March. Financial services also added 7,000.
But with the unemployment ratemired at 8.1 percent and the labor force participation rate, which measures the employed as well as those looking for jobs, at a 31-year low, the story remained the same for the lackluster jobs market.
"Jobs growth of 130,000 a month or so would keep the unemployment rate constant. Plus or minus 30 or 40,000 above or below that is essentially noise," Joel Prakken, chairman of Macroeconomic Advisors, told CNBC. "In order to push the unemployment rate down convincingly, we've got to have faster growth than we've been seeing and we just haven't seen that for the better part of this recovery."
NEWS & COMMENTARY Obama issues executive order that would allow confiscation of private property and virtually unlimited control of resources and the means of production
Within the last three months the Federal government has moved to allow the confiscation of virtually all private property in the United States, the nationalization of entire industries and the indefinite detention of American citizens. All it would take for such martial law to be imposed is for the determination to be made/claimed that the national security requires it.
At the March 15, 2012 Beaufort Patriot TEA Party meeting, National Director of the Patriot's Coalition, Jeff Lewis, explained the intricacies of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Several sections of that act provide for "indefinite detention" and the application of the Laws of War, as opposed to the state and national constitutions to enemy combatants.
As Mr. Lewis explained, the provisions included in the NDAA at first glance appear to be intended to deal with terrorists, and not American citizens. But the question becomes: Who/what is a terrorist?
Section 1031 of the NDAA defines who can be detained by the military without benefit of a trail or other rights guaranteed by the Constitution. This definition includes: " any person who has committed a belligerent act or has directly supported such hostilities in aid of such enemy forces."
The legislation goes on to provide various options for dealing with the individuals arrested pursuant to the authority provided to the President. It states:
"(c) Disposition under law of war.—The disposition of a person under the law of war as described in subsection (a) may include the following:
(1) Detention under the law of war without trial until the end of the hostilities authorized by the Authorization for Use of Military Force.
(2) Trial under chapter 47A of title 10, United States Code (as amended by the Military Commissions Act of 2009 (title XVIII of Public Law 11184)).
(3) Transfer for trial by an alternative court or competent tribunal having lawful jurisdiction.
(4) Transfer to the custody or control of the person's country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity."
There is wording in the NDAA that seems to suggest that these provisions do not apply to U. S. Citizens or "lawful resident aliens." However, that provision only applies to the section that requires the military to detain those people. As constitutional scholar Michael Connelly, writing "The decision of whether an American citizen can be detained indefinitely, without being formally charged, or tried, is, therefore, left in the hands of one person, the President of the United States."
Now, if that does not cause you any concern you should read the Executive Order entitled National Defense Resources Preparedness issued last Friday (3-16-12) by President Obama.
to read the Order. Don't miss Section 804 (c).
Moreover, Section 501 provides that if you have "recognized expertise" you can be compelled to go to work with the Federal government, or more specifically with the "National Defense Executive Reserve" (NDER). Students of history will recall that this forced labor corps is very similar to what Stalin did in the Soviet Union and Mao did in Communist China.
As you see, the Order gives the Federal government the authority to do just about anything it wants to do in relation to private property and resources if it claims that its actions are warranted as necessary for national security or respond to a peacetime national emergency. Would that include a national strike? In other words, this Executive Order appears to be all that is necessary for the President to order the nationalization of virtually any industry or resource, including forced labor. For another interpretation of the Order,
The Fifth Amendment provides that the Federal government cannot confiscate private property without just compensation nor deprive anyone " of life, liberty or property without due process of law " and the Fourteenth Amendment provides that no state may deprive any person of due process of law. So we challenge you to read this Executive Order, remember that it applies not only in time of war, but as it says in Section 102 in peacetime, and tell us whether Barack Obama is violating the U. S. Constitution with this order.
As of today (3-18-12) there are 232 days before Election Day. Within the last three months the Federal government has moved to allow the confiscation of virtually all private property in the United States, the nationalization of entire industries and the indefinite detention of American citizens. All it would take for such martial law to be imposed is for the determination to be made/claimed that the national security requires it.At the March 15, 2012 Beaufort Patriot TEA Party meeting, National Director of the Patriot's Coalition, Jeff Lewis, explained the intricacies of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Several sections of that act provide for "indefinite detention" and the application of the, as opposed to the state and national constitutions to enemy combatants.As Mr. Lewis explained, the provisions included in the NDAA at first glance appear to be intended to deal with terrorists, and not American citizens. But the question becomes: Who/what is a terrorist?Section 1031 of the NDAA defines who can be detained by the military without benefit of a trail or other rights guaranteed by the Constitution. This definition includes:There is wording in the NDAA that seems to suggest that these provisions do not apply to U. S. Citizens or "lawful resident aliens." However, that provision only applies to the section thatAs constitutional scholar Michael Connelly, writing here explains:Now, if that does not cause you any concern you should read the Executive Order entitledissued last Friday (3-16-12) by President Obama. Click here to read the Order. Don't miss Section 804 (c).Moreover, Section 501 provides that if you have "recognized expertise" you can be compelled to go to work with the Federal government, or more specifically with the "National Defense Executive Reserve" (NDER). Students of history will recall that this forced labor corps is very similar to what Stalin did in the Soviet Union and Mao did in Communist China.As you see, the Order gives the Federal government the authority to do just about anything it wants to do in relation to private property and resources if it claims that its actions are warranted as necessary for national security or respond to a peacetime national emergency. Would that include a national strike? In other words, this Executive Order appears to be all that is necessary for the President to order the nationalization of virtually any industry or resource, including forced labor. For another interpretation of the Order, click here. The Fifth Amendment provides that the Federal government cannot confiscate private property without just compensation nor deprive anyone " of life, liberty or property without due process of law " and the Fourteenth Amendment provides that no state may deprive any person of due process of law. So we challenge you to read this Executive Order, remember that it applies not only in time of war, but as it says in Section 102 in peacetime, and tell us whether Barack Obama is violating the U. S. Constitution with this order.As of today (3-18-12) there are 232 days before Election Day.
There are reports already that this action by Obama is nothing to be concerned about. However, the best argument we have seen to support this position uses an irrational approach of saying that it does no more than some other executive orders issued by other presidents.
The absurdity of this reasoning would be analogous to Bashar al-Assad justifying his actions by saying they are no worse than what Hitler did at Auschwitz.
Interestingly, we have not seen anyone make this argument and take it back to the Roosevelt Administration when Roosevelt ordered the internment of Japanese-Americans (thousands of whom were natural born American citizens who had never even been to Japan.) But the government interned them in camps for no other reason than their ethnic background caused some to believe they were a threat to national security. So we know for a fact what "protecting national security" can lead to.
We don't think that is relevant. The earlier executive orders were different, if for no other reason than they did not fit into a series of unconstitutional or extra-constitutional actions since 9-11. It gives us absolutely no comfort at all to say that "Bush did it too." That is an absurd argument i.e., two wrongs make it right.
We suggest you simply read the Obama March 15 order and apply a rational test of "what does it say?" The proper interpretation is to examine the plain meaning of the words within the four corners of the document. Then decide for yourself.
But if you wish to interpret it in context, do a survey of the number of incidents where this President has ignored the Constitution and then tell us there is nothing to worry about.
Then if we want to have a rational discussion of this document we should begin with the issue of jurisdiction. The really troubling thing about this order is that it masterfully crafts a way to avoid the civilian Federal court system. First-year law students know that the threshold issue in nearly every case is whether court has jurisdiction over the matter presented by the parties. In this instance jurisdiction is assigned to the military. The president is Commander-in-Chief. There is no recognized judicial review.
Addendum:There are reports already that this action by Obama is nothing to be concerned about. However, the best argument we have seen to support this position uses an irrational approach of saying that it does no more than some other executive orders issued by other presidents. Click here for an example.The absurdity of this reasoning would be analogous to Bashar al-Assad justifying his actions by saying they are no worse than what Hitler did at Auschwitz.Interestingly, we have not seen anyone make this argument and take it back to the Roosevelt Administration when Roosevelt ordered the internment of Japanese-Americans (thousands of whom were natural born American citizens who had never even been to Japan.) But the government interned them in camps for no other reason than their ethnic background caused some to believe they were a threat to national security. So we know for a fact what "protecting national security" can lead to.We don't think that is relevant. The earlier executive orders were different, if for no other reason than they did not fit into a series of unconstitutional or extra-constitutional actions since 9-11. It gives us absolutely no comfort at all to say that "Bush did it too." That is an absurd argument i.e., two wrongs make it right.We suggest you simply read the Obama March 15 order and apply a rational test of "what does it say?" The proper interpretation is to examine the plain meaning of the words within the four corners of the document. Then decide for yourself.But if you wish to interpret it in context, do a survey of the number of incidents where this President has ignored the Constitution and then tell us there is nothing to worry about.Then if we want to have a rational discussion of this document we should begin with the issue of jurisdiction. The really troubling thing about this order is that it masterfully crafts a way to avoid the civilian Federal court system. First-year law students know that the threshold issue in nearly every case is whether court has jurisdiction over the matter presented by the parties. In this instance jurisdiction is assigned to the military. The president is Commander-in-Chief. There is no recognized judicial review. Print Email Comment Share
Last Saturday at my son's lacrosse game, I sat down next to an older couple that was at the game watching their grandson, who was on the other team. It was a beautiful day and I was looking forward to rooting for my son and his team. I struck up a conversation with the grandfather. He told me he was 74 years old, retired from the Air Force and delivered "Meals on Wheels." As the game progressed we had a great conversation about life, staying healthy and the Air Force that we both love. Then he brought up politics. He told me, "We have to quit blaming George Bush for everything that is wrong with our country." I thought to myself, 'I wonder if he is ready to hear about transgender children?' But as usual, I decided to take it slow to see where the conversation might lead us. I said, "You are right, you cannot blame one man; all of our leaders need to put aside their differences and do the right things to help our country." He agreed but then said, "Obama has to go. He is ruining our country with all of this gay marriage nonsense." I said, "Sir, with all due respect, I have disagreed. Changing the way we think, providing all American's with the same rights and privileges is what this country is all about." At this point he looked at me in kind of funny way, but he was still listening, so I thought what the hell.
I told him that some twenty-five years ago after I got out of the Air Force, I was a Ronald Reagan-loving, pro-military student with few places to speak out. I described the day Hans Bethe visited one of my classes to express his disagreement and concerns regarding nuclear weapons and his displeasure with Ronald Reagan's "Stars Wars missile defense system." I explained that after the lecture, a few students were discussing the key points and they said they hated Ronald Reagan. I spoke out in favor of our President. Defending our Nation's leader did not go as well as expected.
I continued to say that it seems like over the years, I have had to defend presidents from both sides of the aisle. I apologized for my long-winded story and said, "My point is that we must always respect the position of our President and Commander-in-Chief and we need to teach our children to do the same. I pointed to my son on the other side of the lacrosse field and said, "When my son was 10 he came home from school and told me he hated President Bush. I abruptly said, "What did you say?" He looked up at me and said, "I hate George Bush because he started the war." I said, "Listen, you cannot ever say you hate the President. He is our President and Commander-in-Chief. You can say you disagree with his policies, but you cannot say you hate him." My little boy looked up at me, scared and looking a bit puzzled because of my harsh tone. I was on edge because I had just come from a school meeting to address the bullying and harassment that his sister was being subject to at school. I said, "Hate is such a strong word, lets not use the word hate in our family." The grandfather looked at me with a smile, extended his hand and said "you're a good dad." I shook his hand and said, "There is another reason why I needed to teach my son about hate at such a young age. You see, he has a twin sister who is transgender. She was born as a boy, but is a girl trapped in a boy's body. You may not understand this, but maybe knowing how much I love my children, my family and my country will help you begin to understand that what I am saying is true. My son has spent most of his life worrying and protecting his sister from harm. He has experienced a great deal of pain that could have easily made him hate many of the leaders in his school and our state but he does not." I paused to let what I said sink in.
I waited for him to tell me I was nuts. He looked me in the eyes and said, "Young man, I do not understand all that you are saying, but I apologize for being disrespectful. I am very pleased to see you are trying to raise your children the right way. I think the best thing we can do is teach young people to vote. Maybe I am too old to change. Maybe your son and my grandson will be able to make things better. God bless you." I was not sure what to say next, so I said, "I hope you are right and enjoy the game." We were both at a loss for words.
THE dense, dry, cakes of every Australian's childhood breakfast table memories have become one of the hottest products on the market in China.
That's right, the humble Weet-bix is the next big thing when it comes to China's social media based obsession with Australian products.
Boxes of Sanitarium's most popular breakfast product, which go for between four and five dollars in Aussie supermarkets are being sold for upwards of $50 by local exporters on Chinese social media sites, taking over Australian-made baby formula and paw paw ointment as must-haves from Down Under.
The question on everybody's lips, of course, is how did the familiar, high-fibre, edible bricks of wheat become sexy?
It was the age old celebrity endorsement that sparked the huge spike in demand, resulting in sellers being able to massively up their costs.
A popular Chinese drama featured the product, sending demand soaring.
According to Chinese marketing expert Livia Wang of Access China, the phenomenon that has seen Weet-Bix sales soar should be seen as a great opportunity for Australian producers.
She says that while products like Lucas' Paw Paw Ointment and now Weet-Bix have become famous and in-demand mostly by chance endorsements in China, it's time for other companies to start taking notice.
“I have to say it's pretty unpredictable,” she says of the phenomenon that saw consumers clamour for both products.
“The situation (with Weet-Bix) happened because the celebrity was shown with the product and then the demand generated.
“Who is the next hero product? We don't know. It depends on who is lucky to be picked up by celebrities, but I think it's actually an opportunity for Australian brands.”
Ms Wang says Australian companies have been taking little advantage of the influence of Chinese celebrities and social media giants, leaving the popularity of their product up to chance.
“It can be quite expensive to pay for a product to be endorsed, but the situation could be a celebrity to feature your product on (social media site) Weibo, or daigous (online sellers) recommend some of the products, they become very popular and can be sold for much, much higher price,” she said.
Though Weet-Bix is at the moment selling for up to 10 times its shelf price online, Ms Wang believes the market will soon level out.
“Even if you are selling to China, at the moment you can sell $50 for Weet-Bix, it's because you need to ship the product, it takes two months to create market gap once you settle the supply,” she said.
“I don't believe there is a formula for the price. It starts off very high and then it will balance. But products that are very high demand for Australia can usually be sold at a higher price.”
Weet-Bix has joined the ranks of products like baby formula and vitamin supplements which are still sold for multiple times the price they go for in Australia.
The extreme demand for baby formula led to a shortage in Australian stores earlier this year, prompting stores to restrict sales which outraged Australian families who believed their children were having to go without because of offshore buyers hoarding the product.
Although the onselling of Australian products has caused major trouble in the past, Ms Wang says it's important products' new-found popularity in China isn't seen as a bad thing for Australian consumers, but an opportunity for companies.
“Look at the potential, “ she said.
“If it can happen in this way by chance, and the companies response to it reactively, we can make it manually happen, push the strategy, and push demand in China.”
Last year, NYC-via-Nashville musician Sophie Allison put out For Young Hearts — it wasn't her first release as Soccer Mommy, but it was the most fully-formed to date, and it led us to name her one of the best new artists of 2016. Allison is back with a couple of new songs on a 7″, her first recorded with a full band, and they're the same kind of warm and muted pop gems that made the project so charming in the first place.
“Last Girl” and “Be Seeing You” are both mired in jealously and self-doubt (“songs that meant a lot to me this summer when i thought i was gonna lose someone i had feelings for and i was sad and insecure,” Allison writes on Bandcamp), and they're wistful and insular. The former is a classic case of putting yourself down in comparison to someone else: “I want to be like your last girl/ She's the sun in your cold world/ And I am just a dying flower/ I don't hold the summer in my eyes.” And “Be Seeing You” acutely captures the sinking feeling that comes with thinking that the person that you love doesn't want you anymore, and wondering if there was something you could have done to change that: “I knew that love was what I wanted now/ But I got cold feet/ I wish that I could take that back.”
Both songs are great, and you should listen to them below.
last girl / be seeing you by soccer mommy
“Last Girl” b/w “Be Seeing You” is out now. You can order it on vinyl via Glad Fact.
In this article, I'm going to discuss how to move a table of data stored in CSV format into a GRAKN.AI knowledge graph, then illustrate how to query and visualise it.
The data I'm using can be found on Kaggle here, and is titled “20 Years of Games”. The dataset is a result of a crawl on a well-known web resource for game reviews (IGN) and contains over 18,000 rows of information about games, with columns for: game title, platform, release date, genre, score (IGN review) and IGN score phrase (e.g. “Amazing”), URL and whether the game was selected as an Editor's Choice game.
The originator of the data says, “By exploring this dataset, one is able to find trends about the industry, compare consoles against each other, search through the most popular genres and more.” Of course, it's possible to explore a CSV using a range of tools and techniques: Python, R and even Excel, and you can see what others have been doing with the data on the Kaggle site.
I'm using GRAKN.AI, in part to illustrate the migration process, but also to highlight it as an alternative approach that can be used as part of a data manipulation toolbox. One of the advantages of using the Grakn knowledge graph with this data is that you can write straightforward queries using Graql, and use the Grakn reasoner to make inferences across the domain or use Graql analytics to draw valuable insight from the data.
Let's get started!
The Data
The data is in one CSV file, with 18625 rows and 12 columns. I spotted a few issues that needed minor cleanup before I could migrate the data into Grakn. So I used R to read the CSV and fix the issues described below with a few lines of script, storing into a new CSV file.
Some games that had a pair of “ ” within the game name (e.g. Ivan “Ironman” Stewart's Super Off Road). On the version of Grakn that I first tested (0.6.1) this would have caused a problem, although in subsequent versions, support has been added. These needed to be removed
A number of games had two genres specified in the single genre column, separated by a comma. These needed to be split into separate columns (genre and genre2)
35 games had no genre specified. I decided to remove these.
Having cleaned up the dataset, I then used R to create two separate CSV files, the purpose of which I'll explain shortly.
One CSV, genres.csv, contained a column that listed the different genres of games in the dataset (30 genres, from Action to Wrestling).
The second CSV, platforms.csv, contained a column that listed the different platforms on which the games could be played (from Android to XBox One — sadly there were no ZX Spectrum games in this list).
Right, that's the data sorted. I'm going to migrate 6 columns of data: game title, release year, platform, genre, score and score phrase.
Migration: Setting up an Ontology
The first thing to do is set up GRAKN.AI. If you hit any problems along the way, please do reach out via one of the ways listed on our Community page, or leave a comment to this article below. I downloaded and used version Grakn 0.6.1 and 0.7.0 to write and test this article. I also read the CSV migration documentation before getting started. By the way, we also support migration of SQL, OWL and JSON into Grakn, as described here.
As the CSV documentation explains, there are limitations on the CSV format that prevent it from expressing the semantics of the data. Automatic migration of the data would mean that it stays as unhelpful in Grakn as it is in CSV, so to get the most out of the knowledge graph, I must write an ontology for the data before migrating it into Grakn.
Fortunately, writing an ontology is easy enough, though you need to know the basics of the Grakn object model, which is explained in our documentation. My colleague Miko has also provided an explanation in a series of blog posts.
To illustrate this data, I have opted to have three entity types: game, platform and genre. The game entity has resources to describe its title, score, score phrase, release year. The platform entity just has a name, as does the genre. I then define two relationships between the entities, as follows:
Between a game and a platform — a “compatibility” relationship with roles “supports” for the platform and “runs-on” for the game.
Between a game and a genre — a “has-genre” relationship with roles “genre-of-game” for the genre and “game-with-genre” for the game.
The full Graql is below, and you can find all the code for this example on our sample-projects repo on Github.
insert
platform sub entity
has-resource platform-name
plays-role supports;
platform-name sub resource datatype string;
supports sub role;
runs-on sub role;
genre sub entity
has-resource genre-name
plays-role genre-of-game;
genre-name sub resource datatype string;
game-with-genre sub role;
genre-of-game sub role;
game sub entity
has-resource title
has-resource score
has-resource score-phrase
has-resource release-year
plays-role game-with-genre
plays-role runs-on;
title sub resource datatype string;
score sub resource datatype double;
score-phrase sub resource datatype string;
release-year sub resource datatype string;
compatibility sub relation
has-role supports
has-role runs-on;
has-genre sub relation
has-role game-with-genre
has-role genre-of-game;
Having defined the ontology, the first thing to do is to start the Grakn engine (typing grakn.sh start into the terminal window from the /bin directory of the Grakn environment), and load the ontology above (stored in game-ontology.gql) into Grakn. From the terminal:
../bin/graql.sh -f ./game-ontology.gql
A Note on Keyspaces
Before I started this project, I made sure that my keyspace, which you can think of as the space where the graph is stored, was clear of any other graph data, by calling grakn.sh clean before I started the Grakn engine. In this example, I'm going to migrate into the default keyspace, so I don't need to specify it explicitly, but if you decide to use a different keyspace, you can use the -k flag in the call above (e.g. to use the “games” keyspace):
../bin/graql.sh -f ./game-ontology.gql -k games
Migration: Loading the Data
OK, so having set up the game ontology, it's time to focus on getting the data loaded into the knowledge graph. I'm going to concentrate on loading the simple entities: game genre and platform. I need to use Graql templates, so that I can iterate over each row and insert an entity for each with the correct resource.
For genre, I use the genres.csv file that I created earlier using R to extract all genres from the game dataset. For each of the 30 rows representing genres, I need to create a genre entity and give it a genre-name resource. The Graql template for this is very straightforward:
insert
$x isa genre
has genre-name <genre>;
The Graql above is stored in a template file (genre-template.gql) in the same location as the genres.csv file. To create the entities in the knowledge graph, I call the migration shell script, which is located in the /bin directory of the Grakn environment. The call in the terminal is as follows:
../bin/migration.sh csv -template ./genre-template.gql -input genres.csv -no
Usage of the shell script is documented on our portal, but in effect, what it is doing is taking the template Graql above and applying it to every row of genres.csv, to create entities in the knowledge graph for genres from Action to Wrestling. The -no flag at the end of the line is a “dry run” — it prints out what Grakn would be doing under the hood, so you can “try before you buy”. The output looks good to me, so I remove the -no flag and make the call again.
Next up: the platforms. In exactly the same way as described above for genres, I need to create platform entities, each with a platform-name resource, from the 59 rows of platforms.csv, which I extracted from the game dataset. The Graql template is as follows, and is stored as platform-template.gql:
insert
$x isa platform
has platform-name <platform>;
I then call the migration shell script again, checking the dry run, then remove the flag to create the entities in the knowledge graph.
../bin/migration.sh csv -template ./platform-template.gql -input platforms.csv [-no]
Having dealt with genres and platforms, it is time to create game entities and hook them up with relationships to their corresponding genre and platform entities. The template for this is a little more complex, as I need to do a match-insert query for each game, to match its genre and platform. The template then inserts the game entity with resources for its title, score-phrase, score and release-year. It also adds two edges to represent relationships with the correct platform (“compatibility” relationship) and genre (“has-genre” relationship) entities.
match
$genre has genre-name <genre>;
$platform has platform-name <platform>;
insert $x isa game
has title <title>
has score-phrase <score_phrase>
has score @double(score)
has release-year <release_year>;
(game-with-genre: $x, genre-of-game: $genre) isa has-genre;(supports: $platform, runs-on: $x) isa compatibility;
To call this template (match.gql), I invoke the migration shell script again, this time using the complete game data CSV, downloaded from Kaggle and cleaned up using R at the beginning of the article.
../bin/migration.sh csv -template ./match.gql -input ign.csv [-no]
Migrating over 18,500 rows of data takes just under 5 minutes. When migration is complete, the terminal prompt will say “Initiating shutdown” and, at that point, I can start to investigate the dataset, using either the Graql shell (invoked by calling graql.sh from the bin directory of the Grakn environment) or the Grakn visualiser (visit http://localhost:4567 in the browser).
Using Graql to Query the Knowledge Graph
Graql can be used to retrieve explicitly stored and implicitly derived information, as well as to perform graph analytics and automated reasoning. Here are a few queries I ran in the Graql shell, which you may want to try:
How many games in the knowledge graph? (should be 18589)
match $x isa game; aggregate count;
List games by title
match $x isa game, has title $a; select $a;
List games by by decreasing score and title
match $x isa game, has title $a, has score $s; select $a, $s;order by $s desc;
List games by title, score and release year, starting with the most recent first
match $x isa game, has title $a, has release-year $y, has score $s; select $a, $s, $y;order by $y desc;
List games supported by a particular platform, e.g. N-Gage
match (runs-on: $game, $p) isa compatibility; $p has platform-name “N-Gage”; $game has title $a; select $a;
List games of a particular genre, e.g. RPG
match (game-with-genre: $game, $g) isa has-genre; $g has genre-name “RPG”; $game has title $a; select $a;
List games by increasing release year, showing title and platform
match $g isa game, has release-year $ryear, has title $t; (supports:$p, $g); $p has platform-name $pname; select $t, $pname, $ryear; order by $ryear asc;
List all masterpiece games by year, starting with the most recent, showing title and platform.
match $g isa game, has score-phrase “Masterpiece”, has title $t, has release-year $r; (supports:$p, $g); $p has platform-name $pname; select $t, $r, $pname;
The Visualiser
To look at the information returned by the Grakn visualiser, let's take a simple query: the set of games that IGN considers to be “Masterpieces”. First, navigate to http://localhost:4567/ in your browser to see the Grakn visualiser. There should just be a blank screen until you input a query. Type the query below into the form and hit “Submit”:
match $g isa game, has score-phrase “Masterpiece”, has title $t; select $t;
You should see something along the lines of the image below, and can then explore the nodes to find out about individual games (e.g. their genre) and dig further into the data.
But…why?
You may still be wondering why I've bothered with all the above. After all, the data is fine as it is in a CSV file, right? Well yes, it is, but what I can do with the data is very limited. Building an ontology and putting the data into a knowledge graph has allowed me to focus on the relationships within data, and I can build queries around those relationships in a far simpler and more efficient way than if I had kept it as tabulated data. I can now go on to use the Grakn reasoner to make inferences and Graql analytics to explore features of the dataset.
Summary
This article has focussed on the details of migrating a dataset from CSV into GRAKN.AI, and illustrated a few simple queries upon the data. We haven't delved into what is possible once the data is in the Grakn knowledge graph, but, fear not, that will be the subject of future articles. I hope this introduction has whetted your appetite (please leave me a comment on whether you think I succeeded!) and do check out the Grakn documentation for more information about the topics covered in this post.
Notes
Where a game falls under multiple genres, I have used just the first genre specified, but I could also match genre2 and allow games to have multiple has-genre relationships.
Where a game has been released for multiple platforms, it appears in the CSV once for each platform, and that makes sense. It may be that one platform version is great and scores well, while another scores badly. I could have removed duplicate game entities and allowed instead for a game to have multiple compatibility relationships with platform entities, but decided that the original data did not reflect this approach. Incidentally, the Graql to list out only distinct game titles is as follows:
match $x isa game, has title $a; select $a; distinct;
To count them up, the following can be used. The result should be 13956.
match $x isa game, has title $a; select $a; distinct; aggregate count;
If you enjoyed this article, please hit the heart button below or leave us a comment. Thank you!
Samsung Ad Injections Perfectly Illustrate Why I Want My 'Smart' TV To Be As Dumb As Possible
from the get-the-hell-out-of-the-way dept
"Reports for the unwelcome ad interruption first surfaced on a Subreddit dedicated to Plex, the media center app that is available on a variety of connected devices, including Samsung smart TVs. Plex users typically use the app to stream local content from their computer or a network-attached storage drive to their TV, which is why many were very surprised to see an online video ad being inserted into their videos. A Plex spokesperson assured me that the company has nothing to do with the ad in question."
Samsung has been doing a great job this week illustrating why consumers should want their televisions to be as dumb as technologically possible. The company took heat for much of the week after its privacy policy revealed Samsung smart TVs have been collecting and analyzing user living room conversations in order to improve voice recognition technology. While that's fairly common for voice recognition tech, the idea of living room gear that spies on you has been something cable operators have been patenting for years . And while Samsung has changed its privacy policy language to more clearly illustrate what it's doing, the fact that smart TV security is relatively awful has many people quite justly concerned about smart TVs becoming another poorly-guarded repository for consumer data.But it's something else stupid that Samsung did this week that got less press attention, but that I actually find far more troubling. Numerous Samsung smart TV users around the world this week stated that the company has started injecting ads into content . For example, some users found that when streaming video content from PC to the living room using Plex, they suddenly were faced with a large ad for Pepsi that actually originated from their Samsung TV:Now Samsung hasn't responded yet to this particular issue, and you'd have to think that the company accidentally enabled some kind of trial ad injection technology, since anything else would be idiotic brand seppuku (in fact it does appear like it has been working with Yahoo on just this kind of technology). Still, users say the ads have them rushing to disable the smart portion of Samsung TVs, whether that's by using a third party solution or digging into the bowels of the TV's settings to refuse Samsung's end user agreement . And that raises an important point: many consumers (myself included) want their TV to be as slack-jawed, glassy-eyed, dumb and dim-witted as possible.Like broadband ISPs and net neutrality, Samsung clearly just can't help itself, and is eager to use its position as a television maker to ham-fistedly inject itself into a multi-billion dollar emerging Internet video market. But that runs in stark contrast to the fact that most people just want their television (whether it's 720p or 4K) tothey. Just like people want their broadband ISPs to get out of the way and provide a quality dumb pipe, many people just want a traditional, dumb television to do a great job displaying the signals sent to it and nothing more.Dumb TVs just make more sense for most users: many people own televisions for ten years, and the streaming hardware embedded in these sets quickly becomes irrelevant even with updated firmware. Dumb TVs, with less sophisticated internals, should also be cheaper to buy. And if you're any kind of respectable audiophile, you've got game consoles and devices like Roku hooked into a receiver and a decent 5.1 (or above) system, making the set's internals redundant. Swapping out a crop of the latest and greatest (not to mention relatively cheap) Rokus or Chromecasts every few years just makes more sense for most of us.Last I saw, around 50% of people who buy connected TVs aren't using the connected portion of the set. Yet if you peruse the latest sets (especially the ongoing standards minefield that is 4K or UHD) you'll find that buying a dumb television is getting increasingly more difficult. I won't even get into the problems with HDCP 2.2 DRM stifling 4K growth and confusing the hell out of consumers on the bleeding edge, as that's another article entirely Bottom line: I want my pipes dumb, my TVs dumber, andof a full variety of intelligent devices and services without bull-headed companies stumbling drunkenly into my line of sight. Samsung's clumsy week simply couldn't have illustrated the growing need for dim-witted television sets any better.
Filed Under: ad injections, plex, smart tvs
Companies: samsung
The Welsh Labour Conference was held in Swansea last weekend, not that you'd have heard much about it of course. As far as many in the London based media are concerned, the Welsh people have a bit of an annoying habit of voting Labour and passionately wanting to remain part of the Union. "Move on, nothing to see here", is the call of the press pack, "let's find out what Alex Salmond had for breakfast".
Never mind that much of the debate that will frame the general election is already playing out in Wales, where a Labour government is challenging the Tory mantra of a 19th-century laissez-faire redux and showing what a difference an active administration can make – even when facing swingeing budget cuts.
Although to be fair, when David Cameron launches a salvo against Wales we do sometimes get a rare mention, nothing like the PM slagging off his own country to boost audience figures. In fact, over the last year there's been an almost constant stream of apocalyptic tales of woe directed at Wales, as part of a concerted Tory campaign to paint a picture of our country as a virtually crumbling failed state. Most shamefully the Prime Minister described the border between Wales and England as a “line between life and death”. While just a few weeks ago Stephen Crabb, supposedly our voice in the cabinet, described Welsh education as “worse than Eastern Europe” – who needs enemies, with representatives like these?
In reality, David Cameron and Stephen Crabb know their claims are nonsense. Wales is actually moving forward in education as record numbers last year got 5 good GCSEs, at the same time England is slipping backwards, with the GCSE attainment gap increasing by 7 per cent in the last 12 months alone. While last year the Nuffield Trust produced an independent authoritative report comparing health systems across the UK, they found that while each of the four systems have particular strengths and weaknesses “no country [is] consistently ahead of, or lagging behind, the others”.
Yet the truth won't stop these attacks from coming, because they are not about rational debate. These are politicised attacks, as part of a Tory War on Wales – designed to run down a nation, in a bid to attack Labour by proxy. If nurses, teachers and our public services are denigrated in the crossfire, so be it – for the Tories, the groundless slating of Wales's reputation is a small price to pay, in a desperate bid to win votes in England.
Yet as the election draws nearer I'm more certain than ever that the cynical ploy of trashing Wales will fail.
This is the message I was determined to get across at our Welsh conference in Swansea last weekend. In fact, I was so passionate about the changes we are seeing in Wales that I ripped up my conference speech and decided to speak directly from the heart.
The reason for this passion is that when you look past the patronising Tory snubs, you can see evidence in Wales of what can be achieved when government actively gets involved to serve the interests of the people. It's a vision that rightly worries the Tories, because they rely on fear, division and pessimism to win – which makes hope a dangerous commodity. And that sense of hope was palpable at Welsh Labour conference this weekend.
This wasn't based on a naive blind optimism, we know there are huge challenges ahead and difficult financial decision to make. Nevertheless we can also see around us – in virtually every community in Wales – the difference Labour makes, even in the toughest of times.
Take the work underway to build a brand new, world leading, University campus in Swansea, the city where we held our conference. The scale of the project is staggering – across 65 acres, the new campus is bringing academia together with world leading companies, like Rolls-Royce and Tata Steel, to help fill gaps in science and technology research in the UK. This will enable students (paying a fraction of the fees students face in England, thanks to the Welsh Labour government) to work in some of the key sectors vital to our economic future, like advanced engineering, life sciences, the digital economy and low carbon. The new campus will be a shining example of what government and the private sector can achieve by working in partnership.
When students start arriving later this year we will see yet another generation of young women and men in Wales joining the cutting edge of the world economy. Adding another example to the list of world leading enterprises based in Wales, joining ventures like the Anglesey Energy Island Programme, which again brings the public and private sector together at the forefront of international energy research and development. The Anglesey project alone could contribute over £11bn to the UK economy over the next 15 years by harnessing the power of nuclear, wind, tidal, biomass and solar technology. While yet another ambitious project is taking shape in Swansea to deliver the first tidal lagoon, which has the potential to help establish Wales as a leading centre in a renewal energy.
This public and private partnership working doesn't stop there, programmes like Jobs Growth Wales have generated nearly 17,000 job opportunities for young people and a stunning 82 per cent of the people who completed a full opportunity in the private sector move into employment, an apprenticeship or further learning. Again government, the private sector and young people working together – each benefiting and boosting our economy.
These transformative projects simply wouldn't have been possible without a Welsh Labour government – and these aren't isolated incidents. Last year, Wales secured 79 large scale foreign direct inward investment projects, creating and safeguarding 10,441 jobs. The jobs represent around 10 per cent of the figure for the whole UK, twice the proportion of the Welsh population. This was an increase of 40 per cent on the previous year, while the UK trend was 35 per cent down and the Welsh Labour government was directly involved in 89 per cent of all recorded projects.
Time and again Wales punching above our weight, because the Labour party understands that in the modern economy it's partnership, not divisive politics and laissez-faire economics, that delivers progress.
Welsh Labour is showing that aspiration for a country and its people – especially the young – must be brought to life in deeds and not just words, that is why we kept the education maintenance allowance in Wales and are ploughing ahead with a new school building project, while one of the Tories first acts in 2010 was to cancel building schools for the future.
So it's little wonder that the Tories are scared by an optimistic vision for our country's future, that's why you can expect to see plenty more mud slung Wales's way in the coming months. But we are ready for it, to Cameron and his cronies we say bring it on – Welsh Labour will stand proud.
The growing confidence in Wales isn't just based on that fact that we have by far the most dedicated and passionate party members, campaigning tirelessly to win not for themselves, but for the people they got in to politics to help. Or that we know growing numbers are fed up of a Tory party who want us to commit to a miserable vision of the future, driven by an ideology that says government should just get out of the way and let people slug it out with the market.
Our confidence is rooted in the fact that we know how powerful hope can be, even in the face of the forces of division and despair. Over the coming months that message of hope can carry us to victory – and when it does, I heartily recommend that David Cameron take a restorative holiday in Wales, he might just learn a thing or two.
Owen Smith MP is Shadow Secretary of State for Wales
"If the bee disappears from the surface of the earth, man would have no more than four years to live."
-- Albert Einstein
An alarming prospect, and all the more so because there has been a recent decline in the honeybee population. Perhaps it is comforting to know that Einstein never said any such thing -- less comforting, of course, for the bees. The quotation appears on a blackboard near the beginning of M. Night Shyamalan's "The Happening," a movie that I find oddly touching. It is no doubt too thoughtful for the summer action season, but I appreciate the quietly realistic way Shyamalan finds to tell a story about the possible death of man.
Advertisement
One day in Central Park, people start to lose their trains of thought. They begin walking backward. They start killing themselves. This behavior spreads through Manhattan, and then all of the Northeast. Construction workers throw themselves from scaffolds. Policeman shoot themselves. The deaths are blamed on a "terrorist attack," but in fact no one has the slightest clue, and New York City is evacuated.
We meet Elliot Moore (Mark Wahlberg), a Philadelphia high school science teacher; the quote was on his blackboard. We meet his wife, Alma (Zooey Deschanel); his friend, Julian (John Leguizamo), and Julian's daughter, Jess (Ashlyn Sanchez). They find themselves fleeing on a train to Harrisburg, Pa., although people learn from their cell phones that the plague, or whatever it is, may have jumped ahead of them.
Now consider how Shyamalan shows the exodus from Philadelphia. He avoids all the conventional scenes of riots in the train station, people killing Philadelphia, not New York, and shows the population as quiet and apprehensive. If you don't know what you're fleeing, how would you behave? Like this, I suspect.
Julian entrusts his daughter to Elliot and Alma, and goes in search of his wife. The train stops -- permanently -- at a town. The three hitch a ride in a stranger's car, and later meet others who are fleeing, from what or to what, they do not know. Elliot meets a man who talks about a way plants have of creating hormones to kill their enemies, and he develops a half-baked theory that man may have finally delivered too many insults to the grasses and the shrubs, the flowers and the trees, and their revenge is in the wind.
By now the three are trekking cross-country through Pennsylvania, joined by two young boys, who they will eventually lose. They walk on, the wind moaning ominously behind them, and come to the isolated country home of Mrs. Jones (Betty Buckley), a very odd old lady. Here they eat and spend the night and other events take place, and Elliot and Alma find an opportunity to discuss their love and reveal some secrets and speculate about what dread manifestation has overtaken the world.
Too uneventful for you? Not enough action? For me, Shyamalan's approach is more effective than smash-and-grab plot-mongering. His use of the landscape is disturbingly effective. The performances by Wahlberg and Deschanel bring a quiet dignity to their characters. The strangeness of starting a day in New York and ending it by hiking across a country field is underlined. Most of the other people we meet, not all, are muted and introspective. Had they been half-expecting some such "event" as this?
Advertisement
I know I have. For some time the thought has been gathering at the back of my mind that we are in the final act. We have finally insulted the planet so much that it can no longer sustain us. It is exhausted. It never occurred to me that vegetation might exterminate us. In fact, the form of the planet's revenge remains undefined in my thoughts, although I have read of rising sea levels and the ends of species.
What I admire about "The Happening" is that its pace and substance allowed me to examine such thoughts, and to ask how I might respond to a wake-up call from nature. Shyamalan allows his characters space and time as they look within themselves. Those they meet on the way are such as they might indeed plausibly meet. Even the TV and radio news is done correctly, as convenient cliches about terrorism give way to bewilderment and apprehension.
I suspect I'll be in the minority in praising this film. It will be described as empty, uneventful, meandering. But for some, it will weave a spell. It is a parable, yes, but it is also simply the story of these people and how their lives and existence have suddenly become problematic. We depend on such a superstructure to maintain us that one or two alterations could leave us stranded and wandering through a field, if we are that lucky.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE, IL (KTVI) - The St. Clair County State's Attorney's Office charged a couple from Caseyville, Illinois for allegedly attacking and biting a security guard at a local JC Penney after stealing merchandise from the store.
According to prosecutors, the incident occurred at the JC Penney located in the 200 block of St. Clair Square in Fairview Heights. The couple, identified as Michael Murdock Jr. and Ashley Yon, is said to have taken a shirt, a tie, and pants, and run from the store.
A security guard chased the pair into the parking lot, at which point Murdock and Yon bit the clerk and shoved her away.
The couple was eventually arrested and both Murdock and Yon were each charged with aggravated battery and retail theft. They both remain jailed on $40,000 bond.
The dean of the National Cathedral in Washington DC has said that he wants to remove stained glass windows with the Confederate flag on them from the famous house of worship.
The stained glass windows in question are panels depicting the lives of Confederate generals Robert E Lee and Stonewall Jackson, which also bear the Confederate battle flag.
The symbol has faced calls for removal throughout the country following the shooting of nine people at a historically black church in South Carolina.
Episcopal Reverend Gary Hall preaches at the National Cathedral, which is designated by Congress as the National House of Prayer, and said 'It is time to take those windows out'.
He referenced the shooting committed by racist gunman Dylann Roof and said that the Confederate flag had become the 'primary symbol of those who advocate white supremacy'.
Scroll down for video
The dean of the National Cathedral in Washington DC has called for windows including the lives of Confederate generals and the Confederate battle flag to be removed from his church
Episcopal Reverend Gary Hall preaches at the National Cathedral and says that the Confederate flag has become the 'primary symbol of those who advocate white supremacy'
The Confederate flag is seen on the stained glass panels dedicated to the lives of Robert E Lee (left) and Stonewall Jackson (right). The two Southern generals are praised as 'exemplary Christian people'
The windows were supposedly put up in 1953 as an effort to bring reconciliation to different parts of the country involved in the Civil War.
However, he now says that the Confederate flag 'promotes neither healing nor reconciliation, especially for our African-American sisters and brothers'.
The panels, which are supposed to help tell the 'story of America', also feature soldiers and say that Confederate leaders Jackson and Lee were 'exemplary Christian people,' according to NPR.
'I do not believe Washington National Cathedral will be able to lead an American faith community conversation about race while our building enshrines representations of what has become the primary symbol of white supremacy in America,' he said in a statement.
It is not know what image would replace the Confederate panels, though Hall called for 'kind of contemporary stained glass windows could adequately represent the history of race, slavery, and division in America'.
The dean, who spoke about the flags during his sermon on Sunday, also said that race relations should be moved to the top of the cathedral's 'programmatic agenda'.
The panels were installed in 1953 Hall said he wants new panels that can 'adequately represent the history of race, slavery, and division in America'. Above, the National Cathedral in 1960
The dean said that he felt shame that he did not realize that his church had the Confederate flag depicted until after he received messages asking what he would do about it
A renewed focus on race relations has followed a string of recent police shootings of unarmed black men and the most recent shooting in Charleston, South Carolina, which is being investigated as domestic terrorism.
Some observers were outraged after a Confederate flag outside the South Carolina statehouse was still flying at full mast after the shootings because of state laws governing how it is moved.
Governor Nikki Haley called for it to be removed, though the state legislature has not yet acted on the request.
Confederate flag merchandise has also been removed from Wal-Mart stores as well as online retailers such as Amazon.
Hall told CBS News that he didn't even know the National Cathedral had depictions of the flag until he received letters asking what he would do about them.
'I didn't know they were here,' he said. 'And shame on me for that'.
He said that he wants the Confederate windows preserved as part of a historical display.
Last Updated, 6:57 p.m. As my colleague Simon Romero reports from São Paulo, more than 200,000 Brazilians filled the streets in cities across the country on Monday to protest the high cost of living and lavish spending on soccer stadiums ahead of next year's World Cup, in demonstrations that have intensified as images of police brutality against peaceful protesters spread on social networks.
While the dynamic of heavy-handed police tactics, like the use of pepper spray, tear gas and rubber bullets, intensifying rather than quelling protests echoes recent events in Turkey — not to mention those in the Unites States, Spain, Syria, Libya, Bahrain, Egypt and Tunisia in 2011 — one difference is that some of the images of the police crackdown in Brazil that stirred the most anger were captured by reporters for local newspapers and television stations, not just protesters or foreign correspondents.
One striking account of the violence used on protesters last week in Brazil's largest city, captured in a video viewed more than a million times on YouTube, was narrated by Giuliana Vallone, a reporter for the newspaper Folha de São Paulo, who was shot in the eye with a rubber bullet at point-blank range by one of the police “shock troops” deployed against the protesters.
The same newspaper also posted remarkable aerial views of Monday's night's protest in São Paulo on its YouTube channel.
(Folha's video journalists also produced an excellent video report on the protests in Turkey, with testimonies in English from the victims of police brutality there. Brazilian reporters covering the protests in Istanbul have also highlighted the fact that the tear gas used in Turkey is manufactured in Brazil.)
Other images of the violent crackdown on peaceful protesters were shot on the phones and cameras of bystanders or demonstrators. One clip posted on YouTube by a blogger named José Almuiña, showing the sudden use of force against protesters kneeling in a street near the recently renovated Maracanã stadium in Rio de Janeiro on Sunday, has already been viewed more than 450,000 times.
That attack, by officers from the Batalhão de Choque on protesters singing the national anthem and waving Brazilian flags, came as the stadium hosted a match in the Confederations Cup, a dress rehearsal for next year's World Cup.
Similarly heavy-handed tactics were used against protesters who gathered outside the new national stadium in Brasilía before the opening match of the Confederations Cup on Saturday. Video of police officers using force against seated, placard-waving protesters — one read, “Saímos do Facebook,” or “We Left Facebook,” a reference to the fact that the protests were organized online — was captured by onlookers and posted on YouTube and Vimeo.
On Monday, as protests spread across Brazil, video clips shot for the Web site of the newspaper O Estadão de São Paulo, showed protesters in the capital, Brasilía, dancing and singing on the distinctive modernist roof of Congress after they had broken through police lines.
Video broadcast on Brazil's TV Globo, and then picked up by international news agencies, offered more views of protesters in Brasilía and gave a sense of how large the demonstration in Rio de Janeiro was on Monday before it descended into violence as part of the crowd attempted to storm the state legislature.
More video of the vast crowd filling the Avenida Rio Branco in Rio on Monday night was uploaded to YouTube by a blogger named Carmélio Dias, who caught the protesters chanting a slogan critical of TV Globo, which has been faulted for its initial coverage of the protests.
Supporters of the protest movement have also been gleefully sharing video taken from a live broadcast on another network, Band, in which the host of the show Brasil Urgente, José Luiz Datena, tried, in vain, to convince viewers to vote in a live poll against the protests, which he called “riots.” Despite rewording the question to try to get the answer he wanted, the host had to watch as a clear majority of his viewers voted to say that they did support the protests.
Anger at the early coverage of the demonstrations on TV Globo and other networks led some supporters of the movement to post their own edited highlights of the protests online, like one compilation showing violence used against demonstrators in São Paulo that begins with titles promising “to show you what television will not show.”
Another video remix, viewed nearly 700,000 since Friday, features images of riot police officers charging at peaceful protesters in São Paulo on Thursday.
Frustration at the way the protests were being reported on by local television channels, and the initially sparse coverage by global news networks, prompted some Brazilian video bloggers to appeal directly to an international audience, in English. One video that seeks to explain the protests, under the headline “#ChangeBrazil,” has been viewed more than a million times in the past few days on YouTube.
While much of the video shared online in the last week seemed to show clear cases of violence inflicted on peaceful protesters and bystanders by the police, there were also cases of attacks on officers. One incident last week witnessed by a reporter for Folha de São Paulo, and caught on video, showed an officer bleeding from the head being protected by some protesters after he was attacked by another part of the crowd.
The protesters shielding the officer at the start of the clip were calling for an ambulance for him and shoving others away. According to an article accompanying the video report, the officer was attacked by 10 protestors after he tackled a boy who was writing graffiti on the wall of a public building during a protest. After he was attacked, he pulled out his gun and pointed it at the protestors, but didn't fire his weapon.
As Kety Shapazian, who is reporting on the protests from São Paulo, notes on Twitter, Estadão de São Paulo reported on Tuesday that a social media monitoring firm estimates that as many as 79 million Brazilians have been involved in the online discussion of the protests in recent days.
Wow, this article says 79 million people in Brazil talked about the protests in the last days on social media //t.co/utqBTwQgLU — Kety Shapazian (@KetyDC) 18 Jun 13
That number, compiled on Monday, seems certain to continue rising this week, as more protests are planned. (For a list of sites with live coverage of unfolding events, see the useful resource guide put together by the blogger Rachel Glickhouse, a/k/a/ @Riogringa.)
Scott Ickes, who teaches modern Brazilian history at the University of South Florida, drew attention to one of the most widely-shared video clips of the protest in Rio on Monday, a stunning overhead view of the crowd posted on Vine by a marketing consultant named Lucio Amorim.
Overhead shot of protests in Rio this evening – not small!
Lucio Amorim's post on Vine https://t.co/BANRm5TD7C
MT‏@AlexCuadros — Scott Ickes (@Scott_Ickes) 17 Jun 13
Mr. Amorim told the Wall Street Journal later that as he filmed from his office above the demonstration, he could hear the protesters chanting the slogans “Copa pra quem?,” “Who is the World Cup for?” and “Sem Violência,” “Without Violence.”
A team of international scientists has tracked the love lives of koalas, uncovering some curious behaviours and finding that male koalas make their distinct bellows to avoid confrontation with competitors.
The University of Queensland's Dr Bill Ellis and colleagues in Australia, the US and Japan have mapped what they believe to be the first-look inside the social system of a large group of wild koalas at St Bees Island near Rockhampton, Queensland.
“Unlike humans, who raise their voices in an argument, male koalas bellow their presence to avoid confrontation with other males in the breeding season,” Dr Ellis said.
“They can tell who's bigger from their calls, and stay away from them.
“At the same time, they use their bellows to attract females.”
Dr Ellis, a research fellow in UQ's School of Agriculture and Food Sciences and the Sustainable Minerals Institute, said the social system of the koala was poorly known, despite the fact they were a charismatic and well-known species.
“Much of the koala's social and mating behaviours remain unquantified,” he said.
“We had thought that in the mating season male koalas would be fighting more, but instead found that the males bellowed to reduce physical confrontations with other males.
“This allowed them to space themselves apart, with little direct mating competition, while at the same time attracting females and increasing the rate of male-female encounters.”
The researchers also found that females spent more time together in shared spaces or trees during the mating season than in the non-breeding season.
The researchers mapped koala interactions using GPS-enabled tracking collars on wild koalas to learn about the species' mating system.
“Every koala in the study had a radio collar so we were able to map all their interactions, such as when female koalas dashed over several hundred metres to visit males in the middle of the night - something which would be hard to do by visual sightings,” Dr Ellis said.
He said the researchers concluded that indirect male-male competition, female mate choice, and possibly female competition, mediated sexual selection in koalas.
“The next step for us will be to do a paternity analysis of the offspring produced during male-female encounters and correlate that with our radio tracking,” he said.
“This will help us to see which interactions were the most successful, and try to work out why.”
The research, by Dr Ellis, Dr Sean FitzGibbon, Dr Ben Barth, Associate Professor Stephen Johnston and Associate Professor Jenny Seddon, all from UQ; Dr Geoff Pye and Mr Bill Whipple of San Diego Zoo; Dr Alistair Melzer (Central Queensland University); Associate Professor Damien Higgins (University of Sydney); and Professor Fred Bercovitch (Kyoto University), is published today in PLOS One.
The project was funded by Queensland Smart Futures through a Queensland State Government Koala Funding Grant and by San Diego Zoo and the Koala Education and Conservation Program EAZA/AZA partners.
Media: Dr Bill Ellis, w.ellis@uq.edu.au, +61 428105275.
The WSJ is reporting that Facebook's upcoming Android event will be a home screen—as in the first screen you see when you flip on your phone—dedicated to Facebook. It will "display content from users' Facebook accounts on a smartphone's home screen."
Facebook is expected to first offer this feature to an HTC phone but hopes to eventually bring it to other Android phone makers. The WSJ says that Zuck's 'book has been working on "placement deals" with other phone makers. That means, more or less, that what Facebook will announce in April won't be the Facebook phone.
Advertisement
So if it's not a Facebook skin and if it is an Android home screen Facebook experience, does that mean Facebook is making an Android Facebook skin? Facebook's goal with this heavy Facebook front page is to "make the app broadly available for all Android devices" to put Facebook first on Android smartphones. Sources tell the WSJ that it woud make the news feed and other Facebook-centric info viewable immediately.
If this report is true, it looks like Facebook would be working with Android phones instead of seeking to replace it. It would also mean that Android Facebook phones would be more deeply integrated than what Facebook has with Apple. Does this mean Facebook is siding with Android in the iPhone and Android wars? [WSJ]
‘Why Are You Always Lying?': John McCain Called Out For ‘Absurd' Explanation About Why His Boot Was On Different Foot
On November 6th, POLITICO reported Senator John McCain received treatment at Walter Reed Medical Center after injuring his Achilles tendon.
“Senator McCain was treated at Walter Reed Medical Center over the weekend for a minor tear in his right Achilles tendon, as well as for other normal and non-life-threatening side effects of cancer therapy. Senator McCain has returned to work in the Senate and will be wearing a walking boot until his injured tendon is fully healed,” the Senator's office said in a statement.
“I can't tell you how much I hate wearing this boot!,” tweeted McCain showing off his boot on right foot.
I can't tell you how much I hate wearing this boot! https://t.co/W6zClDRpFb pic.twitter.com/x3mDC4n11H — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) November 6, 2017
On Wednesday, McCain tweet a photo of himself with his wife Cindy, saying “Mother, father & puppy of the bride in beautiful Cornville #Arizona yesterday!”
Mother, father & puppy of the bride in beautiful Cornville #Arizona yesterday! pic.twitter.com/sd3rsye1OV — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) November 22, 2017
Zerohedge contributor ZeroPointNow point out something peculiar about McCain's boot. The Senator is wearing it on his right foot on the 6th and on the left on the 22nd.
“Looks like @SenJohnMcCain forgot which Achilles tendon tore two weeks after he walked out in a boot on Nov 6th,” tweeted ZeroPointNow.
Looks like @SenJohnMcCain forgot which Achilles tendon tore two weeks after he walked out in a boot on Nov 6th. pic.twitter.com/z5si5J40Bq — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) November 22, 2017
Now this…
“Thank you for your support & best wishes. My left leg was doing extra work to compensate for the boot, so I'm giving it a break. I still hate wearing this boot, but it won't slow us down from frying 7 turkeys today!”, tweeted McCain.
The Hill reports:
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Thursday clarified that his walking boot is on his right foot, adding that he switched it to his left to “give it a break.” McCain caused confusion when he posted a photo from his daughter Meghan's wedding in which his walking boot was on his left foot. He had previously been seen wearing it on his right foot after he suffered a minor tear in his right Achilles tendon. Some Twitter users noticed that he was wearing the boot on his other foot and began raising questions about McCain's injury.
Thank you for your support & best wishes. My left leg was doing extra work to compensate for the boot, so I'm giving it a break. I still hate wearing this boot, but it won't slow us down from frying 7 turkeys today! — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) November 23, 2017
Twitter users were not having McCain's excuse.
That doesn't even make sense, but consider the source. — Auntie Mame (@YourAuntieMame) November 23, 2017
Wearing a boot is exhausting. But how in the world does switch it help?! Put the burden on the actual injured/just healed leg b/c the other got tired?! Absurd!! — Bauer's Mom ❤️ (@CSLovely) November 23, 2017
A whole day to come up with the worst excuse ever. It's confirmed, he is a Democrat. — jp marat (@JPMarat77) November 23, 2017
Why would you put the boot on the other foot instead of just not wearing the boot then? BS — Voltaire♚ (@ObiWanStreisand) November 23, 2017
So which leg is hurt😂😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/ltUShI2xvG — Phillip Graham (@Hornetssuperfan) November 23, 2017
https://twitter.com/windu79488931/status/933798754964123650
Whatever! You know none of us believe that shit. Stick your head in the sand, John. — Shuryl Loves Q&A&R 🇺🇸 (@sherwood57) November 23, 2017
Yeah… Uh huh… Sure thing, Johnny. 🙄 — Just Nedd (@N4LRB4me) November 23, 2017
Right………………….. — Billie Dene (@BillieDene) November 23, 2017
You shame Arizona John. And you shame our nation. — ★ 🏹 US ♀️ Patriot ★ (@SCloudcroft) November 23, 2017
https://twitter.com/saggyeyedsoros/status/933806773634560006
https://twitter.com/spaghetti137/status/933805582183747585
It's a wonderful life!
Leg seems well rested from here Old Man Potter. #justSaying
Lay off poor George and the good folks of Bedford Falls. pic.twitter.com/l4tqPU1FB0 — Tom G Stark ⭐⭐⭐ (@TomStark913) November 23, 2017
The St Petersburg Times in Florida is certain that Charlie Crist, the state's governor, will tomorrow announce that he is leaving the Republican party and running as an independent for Florida's vacant senate seat in November.
The paper's politics blog reports: "Gov Charlie Crist expected to announce Thursday in St Petersburg that he will run as an independent candidate for Florida's open US Senate seat". It explains:
Crist's nonpartisan bid would allow him to forego an anticipated thrashing by former House Speaker Marco Rubio in the GOP primary and pave the way for a potentially competitive three-way contest against Rubio as the likely GOP nominee and US Rep Kendrick Meek of Miami as the likely Democrat. That means Florida's next senator could be elected November 2 with as little as 34% of the vote, upending the usual quest for mass appeal in an increasingly diverse state of 11 million voters.
Quite what this means for Florida and the Republican party remains to be seen. Just under two years ago Crist was mentioned as a possible vice presidential running mate for John McCain. Now he's out of the party. It's a Republican version of Joe Lieberman.
My First and Only Successful Hack
Niklas Agevik Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 20, 2015
I executed a brilliant hack when I was 15 years old. That was the autumn of 1994, more than 20 years before writing this on my quad core phone in the comfort of my sofa. It's now 9:00 p.m., raining. My ten-month daughter is sick and has just come to sleep in the room next to me. Writing this had me wonder what she might think of the technology that was available when I grew up—if or when I tell her this story. Will she feel it is as ancient as I felt about the tech my parents used when they grew up in the ‘50s and ‘60s, with black and white TVs and crude telephones? Probably.
1994 was essentially the pre-Internet era. Yes, the Internet existed but it hadn't appeared in my bubble and even if I had known about its existence I probably would not have found the 1994-era Internet interesting. My friends and I wanted to use the computer for a sole purpose: play games and run applications that allowed us to create things, even if only virtually.
The best way to get new games was to call up another computer, a BBS, with your modem connected to your landline and download them. When we started calling BBS's in 1991, there were plenty of different software powering them, but at the end of the BBS era, which (unbeknownst to us) was 1994, the most popular ones had all switched to one system called PCBoard.
PCBoard had one amazing feature: it had apps, or PPEs, short for PCBoard Programming Executable. Any part of PCBoard could be tweaked, rewritten, moved or deleted entirely. Interactions with BBS's were usually dull, boring affairs but with PCBoard and its apps they became alive. In 1994, animations, tiny games, and new UX paradigms greeted us as we dialed up a BBS instead of the walls of black and white text we were used to in 1993. Colors shifted. Objects moved. Text blinked. It was glorious. We were living in the future.
A typical PCBoard-based BBS. Image courtesy of http://cleaner.untergrund.net/bbs.html
One popular app was a “message of the day” app that allowed a visitor signing out of a particular BBS to leave a message for the next person signing in. One early Wednesday morning I wanted to download the app to play with it. In the description something blew my mind: the package included the source code along with the compiled app. It seemed like they were giving away their hard work! With documentation on constructing apps scarce, I was amazed at their generosity. So, I did what most aspiring hackers would do give an unprecedented opportunity to learn: I skipped school.
As an absent schoolboy, I downloaded the ZIP-file at the fastest speed known to man: 3 kb / s.
The app was divided into two parts, one to run during sign-in and another during sign-out. Both were much smaller than I imagined; each one was no more than 100 lines of code including comments. One of the things I had been interested in was how apps stored information between sessions. Searching through the code, I found the algorithm to be simple: when a message was left, its contents were written to a text file on the hard drive.
When the next user logged in the file was read from the hard drive and its contents displayed on the screen. Interestingly, the app allowed users to not only include text but also a set of now-standardized codes, called ANSI-codes, that made text change color or blink. This was a popular feature and people took pride in leaving colorful, blinking messages that tickled the eye.
It was like leaving a graffiti tag for the next user but instead of wielding a spray can you wielded the power of code.
ANSI art courtesy of Jason Scott http://ascii.textfiles.com/archives/1273
To make things easier on the developers (presumably), the way the app displayed the text to the next user was just to execute the text file instead of reading it in and printing it out. The code looking something like this:
exec(“lastmsg.txt”)
Exec was one of the few commands in this arcane language, called PPL, short for PCBoard Programming Language, that I knew of. This was because one of the first things I, and probably most people exploring setting up their own BBS, had done was to implement a custom welcome screen. This was accomplished by including an image like the one above and, to spice things up, download an app that would make the text or image move, bounce or change color. To make this all work I had learned the hard way you had to run exec(“welcome.ans”) because a simple println(“welcome.ans”) didn't actually run any of the apps or interpret any of the ANSI-codes, it just displayed it all as text as if you opened the file in a text editor. Think of it as opening an HTML-file in a browser versus opening it in a text editor.
My teenage mind realized that this meant the departing visitor couldn't just leave text for the next incoming user but also make an app start.
People were competing to push ASCII/ANSI art to the limit in their messages and since I wasn't much of a designer this presented me with an opportunity to innovate. Unfortunately that motivation wasn't enough. To run an app inside a graphic file you had to supply the full path, preceded by an exclamation mark, like so: !C:\myapp.ppe. There was no way of knowing which apps were available and even if I did know which apps were installed I couldn't execute them without knowing where they were located.
I packed up my things, jumped on my bicycle and headed for school. A few hours into lectures another thing struck me: there was one directory on PCBoard that I *did* know the path to, since it was the same default directory on all installations: the path to where those files uploaded from users ended up before they were sorted and categorised. The path was something like this:
C:\PCBoard\Uploads
The only way you could change the directory was by installing PCBoard on another hard drive in which case it ended up in D:\PCBoard\Upload or even E:\PCBoard\Upload depending on how many hard drives the BBS had. But PCBoard always had to be directly under the root directory and the uploaded files always need to be in the “Upload” directory which needed to be a subdirectory to the PCBoard directory. I had noticed this when we installed PCBoard at my friends computer a few weeks earlier.
By standardising the directory it was easy to create apps that handled the uploaded files, which there were plenty of apps for. There were apps that presented the most recently uploaded files to the BBS owner, ran a virus scan on them or added an info file to inform visitors of where the file originated. In case someone uploaded it to another BBS there would be a note, a commercial if you will, for the previous BBS's it had passed through. Packages often would have several different files added as they were transported across countries and borders to the local BBS's in Stockholm, Sweden that we frequented.
I froze as I made the connection. I could write an app, upload it, leave a message that executed it, log out, quickly log in again and have the app run on the remote BBS. I felt powerful. I had no idea what I would use my newly found power for, but I knew I had to try it to see if it worked.
At this point I should also mention that there was no such thing as process isolation or user ownership on the now-ancient DOS operating system known that powered PCBoard: all files could be accessed by all users and all processes running on a machine. If you ever thought Windows had bad security, think again.
That night I read through the documentation of the PPL language used to design the apps to see what kind of apps I could write. After a while I saw the following command:
Debug_print_all_usernames_and_passwords()
Yes. You read that right. PCBoard had a built-in debugging function that printed every single user's username and password in plaintext. Today, this feature could only be described as a Class 1 Vulnerability but the PCBoard developers probably found this to be a pretty handy feature in case the BBS's owner wanted to help one of his forgetful friends.
I installed PCBoard on the family's Intel-powered Compaq machine and created a few dummy accounts. I proceeded to write a small app that only ran that single function. Execute. Usernames and passwords of my newly created accounts flashed on my screen. I knew I shouldn't use this for anything nefarious but deep down I knew I wouldn't be able to stop myself from doing so.
Most BBS's had only one phone line. They could only support one user at the same time, so it was common that the BBS's owner was sitting in front of his computer actively watching what you were doing. If you were being slow, or not using your time productively, like uploading new games, you were viewed as blocking the line for other users and the owner could take the role of Judge Dredd and disconnect you without warning.
This meant that if I were to attempt this it had to be done at a time when there was little risk of the owner sitting in front of his computer. I decided to wait until Saturday night.
The days passed and on Saturday morning I literally jumped out of bed. I sat the alarm for 3:00 a.m. the next morning.
Saturday felt long. The hours dragged on and when I went to bed my body was pumping with adrenaline. I couldn't sleep, and at 2:50 a.m. I turned off the alarm and got out of bed full of energy in a way that only a 15-year old with a plan can be.
I wrote a new script that included the function to print all usernames and passwords, compiled it into a PPE and called up the BBS of my choice.
All week I had worried that the BBS's owner would delete the vulnerable app. This was a very valid concern. New apps were appearing almost daily and it was common for BBS owners to switch things out every now and then to ensure the BBS felt fresh or just replace an old version of an app as newer versions were released. I logged on and was greeted with a message left by the last user a few hours ago. The app was still there.
I uploaded my file and proceeded to log out. The prompt appeared asking me to leave a message for the next user.
My shaking hands typed “!C:\PCBoard\Uploads\test.ppe”. I double-checked that I had typed it correctly and hit enter. The BBS disconnected me. I dialed in again, logged on and was greeted with the message “Application Execution Error” before being sent to the BBS's main menu. My heart sank.
This was a big BBS so I figured it wasn't impossible that it had multiple hard drives and that the owner had installed PCBoard on another hard disk. It wasn't likely since most commonly the C: drive ran the system software and the other hard drives were just used for storage of the files served by the BBS. But it was worth a shot.
I signed out, and as the familiar prompt appeared I typed in “!D:\PCBoard\Uploads\test.ppe”, replacing the C: with D: to indicate the second hard drive.
Once again I chose the BBS's name from my computer's dialing software. Invisibly, small electrical currents indicating a string of zeroes and ones were passed through the serial port which connected the modem to the computer. The other BBS picked up and the familiar sound of the modems negotiating speed echoed in the damp cellar room. After thirty seconds of the noise which I had heard so many times I was once again greeted with the login screen.
USRobotics Sportster 14.4k modem. The gold standard of modems in the 90's. Credit: Wikipedia
This time I was more relaxed and remembered to turn on screen capture. Everything that appeared on the screen was now written to a text file on my hard drive. I went through the standard login sequence and as I came to the part where the message of the day was supposed to be it looked like my screen had exploded.
The screen was filled an unending flow of usernames and passwords neatly listed in two columns. I saw my own password flashing in front of my eyes. I saw the owner's password in light-grey ASCII characters against the black background of the curved CRT screen. My heart raced. The modem's lamps blinked furiously. I signed out and typed in an innocent message of the day to remove all traces of what the screen capture had just saved to my hard drive.
It was 3:26 a.m. on a Sunday morning in the autumn of 1994. For a few minutes, the world's greatest hacker lived in a suburb of Stockholm, sitting on an old office chair in a damp cellar room next to a garage.
(There is an epilogue to this story, but that will have to be in another post.)
Colorado Avalanche head coach Patrick Roy has raved about the balance of his lineup recently, citing a scorer and power forward on every combination. He also understands that his club needs to find more offense, so that is why he is putting two-thirds of the famous "Nines" line back together.
Nathan MacKinnon, Matt Duchene and Andreas Martinsen will lead Colorado's top group this evening against the Los Angeles Kings as the Avs look to break a four-game winless streak at Pepsi Center (0-2-2).
"I guess they had good moments together, and I just feel it gives me flexibility to give them more ice time," Roy said of putting natural centers Duchene and MacKinnon on a line. "They played well in the World Championship together. They played well the moment they were together (here)."
Duchene and MacKinnon were joined on a trio with Gabriel Landeskog at the end of the Nov. 6 contest against the New York Rangers, and the three forwards were together for 21 full games, through the Avalanche's outing on Dec. 21 versus the Toronto Maple Leafs.
While the line was quite successful, the 29-9-92 combination was broken up because of a few different factors. Other clubs were starting to figure out how to stop them, and the Avs were also looking for more offense from their other groupings as well.
Landeskog won't rejoin his old linemates as his current trio with center Carl Soderberg and wing Blake Comeau has played well in recent games. It's a heavy group that likes to hit and go to the dirty areas around the crease.
"Landy is playing well with Carl and Blake," Roy said. "It gives us two good lines."
While Martinsen hasn't shown the same offensive ability as Landeskog has so far in his young NHL career, the big Norwegian serves a similar purpose: to create a little havoc in hopes of getting Duchene and MacKinnon open.
"I got to use what I'm good at; being physical, getting the puck deep, making sure that I win the battles down low so they can come pick up the pucks and drive the net," Martinsen said of his role with the two forwards. "Try to give them some extra space. If they get a little extra second or whatever, they can do a lot of stuff out there. Just try and put my stick on the ice and maybe get a little tap in."
MacKinnon said him and Duchene play a similar style of game, with Duchene scoring 12 goals and MacKinnon notching 14 points during their time together earlier this season.
"We're both good skaters, and we need to use our speed and protect the puck down low," MacKinnon said of playing with Duchene. "I think as long as we use each other, we'll be a good line."
Since breaking up the "Nines" combo late against the Maple Leafs, the Avalanche had played John Mitchell with Duchene and Martinsen, while MacKinnon centered wings Jarome Iginla and Alex Tanguay.
Those lines lasted four full games before Roy moved MacKinnon with Duchene and Martinsen at the start of the third period on Saturday. He placed Mitchell with Cody McLeod and Jack Skille, and Mikhail Grigorenko with Iginla and Tanguay
Colorado will begin tonight's game with the same combinations.
"I want to give a shot to Grigorenko to see what he can do. I think it is a good situation for him to be with Jarome and Alex and then we'll see," Roy said. "And remember early in the season, Mitchell played really well with Skille and McLeod. We'll try this scenario for a little bit."
The Avs currently rank seventh in goals per game at 2.79, but the club could definitely squeeze out more scoring with its talented forward corps.
"Just trying to find some offense wherever we can," MacKinnon said. "Once we get rolling, we're a pretty offensive team, top in goals in the league and stuff like that. We're good offensively, we just need to find that consistency."
VARLAMOV STAYS IN
There was little doubt with Avalanche head coach Patrick Roy to use another goaltender tonight against the Kings, as Semyon Varlamov will make his third consecutive start in net.
Despite Varlamov going 0-2-2 in his last four games and allowing all the goals in a 4-0 loss to the Calgary Flames on Saturday night, Roy feels the Russian has given the Avs a chance to win in every contest. The Flames scored off a failed clearing attempt, two deflections and a rebound in front.
Semyon Varlamov
"He didn't play as well against Toronto (on Dec. 21), but I thought he was really good in the other games," Roy said of Varlamov. "If it wasn't for him against Chicago in the second period, we could have been three or four goals behind. Even the last game, I thought he was not responsible for the goals. We just had a hard time to pick up guys in front of the net. They were perfect tips, under the bar, post and in. He was certainly not responsible for that game."
Calvin Pickard replaced Varlamov after Calgary's fourth goal midway through the second period and went on to stop all 15 shots he faced in his 26:53 of work.
However, the strategy was more to give Varlamov rest for the Avs' upcoming stretch against some of the Western Conference's best team than punishing him for his play.
"The reason I pulled Varly is because we have a lot of games coming up. There was no need for him to stay there," Roy said. "I wanted him back in against L.A. tonight and probably play St. Louis, Nashville and Chicago. From there, we'll make a decision. That was my plan to use him, then why leave him there when he's not responsible (for the goals). We didn't play well."
Though he's had a tough four games, Varlamov had a great December. He posted a 7-2-2 record with a 1.88 goals-against average and .942 save percentage in the month. His seven victories in December tied the franchise record for the most in the 12th month of the year with Craig Anderson (2010-11), Patrick Roy (2000-01) and Ron Hextall (1992-93).
PROJECTED LINEUP
Andreas Martinsen—Nathan MacKinnon—Matt Duchene
Gabriel Landeskog—Carl Soderberg—Blake Comeau
Alex Tanguay—Mikhail Grigorenko—Jarome Iginla
Cody McLeod—John Mitchell—Jack Skille
Francois Beauchemin—Erik Johnson
Nick Holden—Tyson Barrie
Brandon Gormley or Nate Guenin or Zach Redmond
Semyon Varlamov
Calvin Pickard
IT'S NO secret that many Virginia voters have expressed disappointment with both major party candidates for governor on next month's ballot. Little wonder: Given the doubts their own parties' activists have voiced about Terry McAuliffe, the Democrat, and Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II, the Republican, how are the rest of us supposed to feel?
Still, pining for different candidates is a waste of time, and staying home on Election Day is irresponsible. Whatever the candidates' failings, they offer a stark and consequential choice that boils down to this: Will Virginia stick to its long tradition of moderate, pragmatic governance, or will it veer off into an ideological adventure at the behest of one of Richmond's most polarizing and provocative public figures of the last decade?
We share Virginians' misgivings about the candidates, but for us the decision is clear: Terry McAuliffe, his flaws notwithstanding, represents continuity in a state that has been well served by comity, compromise and political coexistence between the parties. Mr. Cuccinelli, the most partisan, truculent and doctrinaire attorney general in memory, represents an assault on those same customs. That's why a number of prominent fellow Republicans, including Lt. Gov. Bill Bolling, have refused to support him, in an astonishing display of intra-party dissent.
Mr. McAuliffe, who is nothing if not a deal-maker, holds out the credible promise that Virginia will remain open, tolerant and pragmatic, friendly to business and committed to job growth. That is critical in the face of sequestration and other austerity measures in a state whose economy is heavily dependent on federal spending.
In contrast to his scattershot campaign for the Democratic nomination for governor four years ago, Mr. McAuliffe has run a focused campaign, locking up the nomination on the strength of a peripatetic outreach effort that took him to every corner of the state.
There is no disguising that Mr. McAuliffe, a self-described wheeler-dealer who burst on to the national stage as a prodigious fundraiser for Bill Clinton in the 1990s, lacks the close engagement with policy possessed by Virginia's recent governors. The ultimate political insider, his stock in trade has been playing the angles where access and profit intersect.
Nonetheless, as a candidate for governor Mr. McAuliffe has taken sensible stands on key issues, and he has had the political savvy to stay mostly on message. Critically, he embraced the transportation funding bill enacted by a bipartisan majority of the General Assembly this year, a measure that will ensure that the state's roads and rails keep pace with a 21st-century economy.
That stance, in line with Gov. Robert F. McDonnell's, took courage; at its core is support for a substantial tax increase. Tellingly, Mr. Cuccinelli, who for a decade opposed every significant, politically viable effort to rescue the state's crumbling transportation systems, did his best to subvert the bill. Mr. Cuccinelli would have Virginians believe that roads can be built on a wing and a prayer; Mr. McAuliffe had the spine to say what moderate Republicans and Democrats finally agreed on: that a modern transportation network cannot be built for free.
As a candidate, Mr. McAuliffe has pushed for spending more on community colleges and expanding education for preschoolers, but he's been vague about the cost of those programs. He argues that expanding Medicaid, with the federal government bearing most of the cost, would yield a windfall for the state. That's possible — higher Medicaid spending by Washington could save states money and generate jobs — but the money is unlikely to be sustainable.
Still, it is a more realistic economic program than Mr. Cuccinelli's, which promises huge tax cuts without any realistic strategy to pay for them. Mr. Cuccinelli argues gauzily that he can slash $1.4 billion in taxes on business and individuals and make up the income by eliminating unspecified tax breaks. That's fantasy. By refusing to say whose tax breaks he would eliminate, and whose interests he would attack, the Cuccinelli plan is also an exercise in evasion.
Mr. Cuccinelli's real promise is a vision of the government's role that differs radically not only from Mr. McAuliffe's but from that of most previous Virginia governors.
In this campaign, he has emphasized the economy, but his sudden devotion to the practicalities of job creation is not credible. For more than a decade, he compiled a well-documented record concerned first and foremost with social issues, not economic ones. In the state Senate, he was an early sponsor of the “personhood” amendment, which defined life from the moment of fertilization and would have provided a springboard for legal attacks on contraception. He opposed common-sense gun-control and traffic-safety measures.
As attorney general, Mr. Cuccinelli waged a long and ultimately fruitless jihad against Michael Mann, a University of Virginia climate scientist, and filed a petition challenging the Environmental Protection Agency's finding that global warming poses a threat to humans. He showily contrived to become the first state's attorney general to sue the federal government over Obamacare.
To Mr. Cuccinelli, the world is full of outrages that he would use government's big stick to correct: Climate-change science is a hoax perpetrated on taxpayers. Illegal immigrants should be deported, and legal ones should be denied unemployment benefits if they are fired for not speaking English on the job. Abortion clinics should be regulated out of existence. Homosexuals, who by their sexual conduct invite “nothing but self-destruction, not only physically but of their soul,” don't merit equal protection under the law.
And now Mr. Cuccinelli says he would be focused on jobs and the economy? Don't count on it. The far more likely scenario is that if he were to become governor, Mr. Cuccinelli would plunge Virginia into the venomous, corrosive culture wars that have paralyzed Washington.
Obama's reelection symbolizes the end of "Traditional America", says Bill O'Reilly, begrudgingly; and he's right, but we shouldn't be crying about it.
The 1950s-style portrait of a white, able-bodied, lucrative, masculine, man, contentedly married to a white, able-bodied, happily-homemaking, model-like wife, raising their biological, able-bodied children (and maybe a dog), is no longer a reality, if it ever was one. As AMC's Mad Men effectively dramatizes (in its subversion of 1950s norms), the conservative ideal of "the American Family" is, and has been, an oppressive, non-functional fantasy.
Is this cause for alarm, as Republicans and the religious right suggest? Hardly. As conservative commentator David Brooks states, we shouldn't conclude that the existence of non-traditional families means "the world is going to hell"; we should instead "investigate these emerging commitment devices."
Before going any further though, we need to clarify: Upon winning the election, Obama didn't instantly eradicate picture-perfect, white, traditional families with some kind of black magic; or as Jon Stewart jokingly responded to O'Reilly, the president's victory did not mark "the moment... the family from the 1950s sitcom Leave It to Beaver ceased to be real." American families have been "non-traditional" for some time.
What this election did show is a more diverse representation of American voters than ever before; not due to the "gifts" Mitt Romney has accused Obama of offering, but more likely due to the threat that a Romney presidency would have presented: that anyone unable to play a role on Leave It to Beaver would be kicked to the curb.
The fact is, many (if not most) families in America, are, and have been queer. (I use "queer" in the reclaimed sense, referring to those of us existing outside the rigidity of the gender binary, and traditional norms in general). This doesn't necessarily mean that most homes are run by same-sex or transgender parents (though many are), but that families are generally non-normative in make-up -- including various combinations of races, marital statuses, relationships, bloodlines, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, and limitations.
In 2008 the US Census reported that 61 percent of children in the United States lived with both their biological mother and father, but that only 42.7 percent of those parents were married. These findings alone reveal a majority of non-traditional American families, but hardly show just how much. For example, this particular report doesn't provide a percentage of the parents who have been previously divorced (or how many times), the percentage of homes that are made up of mixed races, include stepchildren, adopted or foster children, the percentage of parents in open relationships, or how many of the parents are openly lesbian or gay and have made arrangements to live together for the sake of the children.
What the Census does show however, is an increase in interracial and same-sex couples (both married and not), as well as an increase in adoption by same-sex couples over the past few years.
Also, recent studies indicate that unmarried parents are "increasingly the norm" in the United States. We have reports that 50 percent of mothers are or will be single at some point, and there has been an increase in surrogacy births, as well as an increase in single parents by choice.
For those married couples trying to raise kids in a "traditional" home, studies have shown that there is a 40 to 50 percent chance of divorce, and that in the last decade, incidents of adultery have risen to 50 to 70 percent, which suggests that (again, much like Mad Men) the imposed rules of "traditional America" do not work; we need to embrace family systems that are more realistic and functional.
Not all of these non-normative family structures are choices. Those who are privileged enough to choose the design of their families, such as Sandra Bullock, and Charlize Theron (who have both adopted children as single mothers) are less common than single mothers in poverty, for example, who have had significantly fewer options.
I'm also not making an argument about children being better off in one type of family versus another.
What I am saying is that for better or worse, the non-traditional pictures I've described are what our American families actually look like, what they have looked like, and how they'll continue to grow. Rather than crying over the fact that we don't resemble an antiquated fantasy, we could be curious about how these systems of attachment have managed to function, and learn how we can make them stronger -- considering them as they are, not as they "should be."
We also might look to the advantages non-traditional families offer. For example, in many cases, children of divorced parents get to experience each parent as an independent, and content individual, and often times child care responsibilities are less burdensome with two households instead of one (so long as the divorced couple has learned to communicate effectively).
Children raised by same-sex parents are found to be more conscious of and less victimized by patriarchy, as they tend to experience a more egalitarian distribution of labor in the home than their peers living with a mother and a father.
Naji Salim Hussain al-Ali (Arabic: ناجي سليم العلي‎ Nājī Salīm al-‘Alī ; born c. 1938 – 29 August 1987) was a Palestinian cartoonist, noted for the political criticism of the Arab regimes and Israel in his works.[1] He has been described as the greatest Palestinian cartoonist and probably the best-known cartoonist in the Arab world.[2][3]
He drew over 40,000 cartoons, which often reflected Palestinian and Arab public opinion and were sharply critical commentaries on Palestinian and Arab politics and political leaders.[4] He is perhaps best known as creator of the character Handala, pictured in his cartoons as a young witness of the satirized policy or event depicted,[4] and who has since become an icon of Palestinian defiance. On 22 July 1987, while outside the London offices of al-Qabas, a Kuwaiti newspaper for which he drew political caricatures,[4][5] al-Ali was shot in the neck and mortally wounded.[6] Naji al-Ali died five weeks later in Charing Cross Hospital.
Early life [ edit ]
Naji al-Ali was born in 1938 or thereabouts in the northern Palestinian village of Al-Shajara, located between Tiberias and Nazareth, which is currently moshav Ilaniya.[7] He lived as an exile in the south of Lebanon with his family after the 1948 Palestinian exodus, the Nakba, and lived in Ain al-Hilweh refugee camp near Sidon,[8] where he attended the Union of Christian Churches school. After graduation, he worked in the orchards of Sidon, then moved to Tripoli where he attended the White Friars' vocational school for two years.
Naji al-Ali then moved to Beirut, where he lived in a tent in Shatila refugee camp and worked in various industrial jobs. In 1957, after qualifying as a car mechanic, he travelled to Saudi Arabia, where he worked for two years.
Career as a cartoonist and journalist [ edit ]
In 1959 Naji al-Ali returned to Lebanon, and that year he joined the Arab Nationalist Movement (ANM), but was expelled four times within one year for lack of party discipline. Between 1960 and 1961, along with comrades from the ANM, he published a handwritten political journal Al-Sarkha ('the scream').
In 1960, he entered the Lebanese Academy of Fine Arts, but was unable to continue his studies there as he was imprisoned for political reasons soon afterwards. After his release he moved to Tyre, where he worked as a drawing instructor in the Ja'fariya College.
The writer and political activist Ghassan Kanafani saw some of Naji al-Ali's cartoons on a visit to Ain al-Hilweh and printed the artist's first published drawings along with an accompanying article in Al-Hurriya no. 88 on 25 September 1961.
In 1963 Naji al-Ali moved to Kuwait, hoping to save money to study art in Cairo or Rome. There he worked as an editor, cartoonist, designer and newspaper producer on the Arab nationalist Al-Tali'a newspaper. From 1968 on he worked for Al-Siyasa. In the course of these years he returned to Lebanon several times. In 1974 he started working for the Lebanese newspaper Al-Safir, which permitted him to return to Lebanon for a longer period. During the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, he was briefly detained by the occupying forces along with other residents of Ain al-Hilweh. In 1983 he once more moved to Kuwait to work for Al-Qabas and in 1985 moved to London where he worked for its international edition until his death.
In 1984 he was described by The Guardian as "the nearest thing there is to an Arab public opinion".[9]
Work, positions and awards [ edit ]
In his career as a political cartoonist, Naji al-Ali produced over 40,000 drawings.[citation needed] They generally deal with the situation of the Palestinian people, depicting suffering and resistance and harshly criticizing the Israeli state and "illegal Israeli occupation," Palestinian leadership, and the Arab regimes. Naji al-Ali was a fierce opponent of any settlement that would not vindicate the Palestinian people's right to all of historic Palestine, and many of his cartoons express this position. Unlike many political cartoonists, specific politicians do not appear in person in his work: as he stated, "... I have a class outlook, that is why my cartoons take this form. What is important is drawing situations and realities, not drawing presidents and leaders."[citation needed]
Naji al-Ali published three books of his cartoons, in 1976, 1983 and 1985, and was preparing another at the time of his death.[citation needed]
In 1979, Naji al-Ali was elected president of the League of Arab Cartoonists. In 1979 and 1980, he received the first prize in the Arab cartoonists exhibitions held in Damascus. The International Federation of Newspaper Publishers awarded him the "Golden Pen of Freedom" posthumously in 1988.[10]
Handala [ edit ]
Handala, the Palestinian defiance symbol
Handala, also known as Handhala (Arabic: حنظلة‎), is the most famous of Naji al-Ali's characters.[11] He is depicted as a ten-year-old boy, and appeared for the first time in Al-Siyasa in Kuwait in 1969.[11] The figure turned his back to the viewer from the year 1973, and clasped his hands behind his back.[12] The artist explained that the ten-year-old represented his age when forced to leave Palestine and would not grow up until he could return to his homeland;[13] his turned back and clasped hands symbolised the character's rejection of "outside solutions".[12] Handala wears ragged clothes and is barefoot, symbolising his allegiance to the poor. In later cartoons, he is actively participating in the action depicted not merely observing it.[12]
Handala became the signature of Naji al-Ali's cartoons and remains an iconic symbol of Palestinian identity and defiance. Handala has also been used as the web mascot of the Iranian green movement.[14] The artist remarked that "He was the arrow of the compass, pointing steadily towards Palestine. Not just Palestine in geographical terms, but Palestine in its humanitarian sense—the symbol of a just cause, whether it is located in Egypt, Vietnam or South Africa."[13]
Other characters and motifs [ edit ]
Other characters in Naji al-Ali's cartoons include a thin, miserable-looking man representing the Palestinian as the defiant victim of Israeli oppression and other hostile forces, and a fat man representing the Arab regimes and Palestinian political leaders who led an easy life and engaged in political compromises which the artist fervently opposed.[citation needed] The motifs of the Crucifixion (representing Palestinian suffering) and stone-throwing (representing the resistance of ordinary Palestinians) are also common in his work.[citation needed]
Assassination [ edit ]
It is still not known who opened fire on Naji al-Ali outside the London office of Kuwaiti newspaper Al Qabas in Ives Street on 22 July 1987, hitting him in the right temple.[citation needed] Naji al-Ali was subsequently taken to hospital and remained in coma until his death on 29 August 1987.[15] Although his will requested that he be buried in Ain al-Hilweh beside his father, this proved impossible to arrange and he was buried in Brookwood Islamic Cemetery outside London. British police arrested Ismail Sowan, a 28-year-old Jerusalem-born Palestinian researcher at Hull University, and found a cache of weapons in his apartment that they said were intended for terrorist attacks around Europe; he was only charged with possession of weapons and explosives. Initially, police said Sawan was a member of the PLO, though that organisation denied any involvement.[16][17]
Sowan later confessed that he worked for both the PLO and the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad.[18] A second suspect arrested by Scotland Yard also said he was a double agent.[19] It was later revealed that Mossad had two double agents working in London-based PLO hit teams and had advance knowledge of the killing.[19] By refusing to pass on the relevant information to their British counterparts, Mossad earned the displeasure of Britain, which retaliated by expelling three Israeli diplomats, one of whom was the embassy attache identified as the handler for the two agents.[19] A furious Margaret Thatcher, then prime minister, closed Mossad's London base in Palace Green, Kensington.[20][21] The gun used in the murder, a 7.62 Tokarev pistol, was found on the Hallfield Estate in Paddington by police, on 22 April 1989.[15]
Force 17, acting under orders from Yasser Arafat, has also been claimed to be responsible for his assassination.[3]
In August 2017, detectives relaunched an investigation into his murder case, 30 years after his death.[15]
Commemorative statue [ edit ]
Naji statue when it was first erected (right), exploded and damaged, and then re-erected
A statue of Naji al-Ali by the sculptor Charbel Faris was erected[when?] at the northern entrance of Ain al-Hilweh camp,[citation needed] where Naji was raised for most of his youth years.
Work on the fiberglass and colored polyester statue (with a steel inner support) took around five months. When finished, it was 275 centimetres (9.02 ft) tall, with an average width of 85 centimetres (33 in), and average thickness of 45 centimetres (18 in). The statue holds a rock in its right hand and a booklet of drawings in the left hand.[citation needed]
Shortly after being completed, the statue was damaged in an explosion caused by unknown assailants; like al-Ali the statue was shot in the left eye.[citation needed]
The statue was repaired and re-erected.[citation needed]
Media [ edit ]
A movie was made about the life of Naji al-Ali in Egypt, with the Egyptian actor Nour El-Sherif playing the lead role.[22]
Naji al Ali Graffiti
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Health secretary says he wants to avoid 'elephant trap' of more regulation in wake of Francis report on Stafford scandal
The health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, raised the prospect of hospital super-heads and a new chief inspector of family doctors, in his first public response to the Francis report on hundreds of needless deaths at Stafford hospital.
Hunt told delegates at a conference hosted by the pro-competition Reform thinktank that care and compassion could not be "commanded from on high either by regulators or politicians".
He said there was regulatory madness in the NHS. "The chief executive of one of our best teaching hospitals who worked out it would take her 38 hours a week to attend all the external meetings she is asked to go to, most of which have nothing to do with patient care. Foundation trusts report having 60 different regulatory, licensing, commissioning and public scrutiny authorities to report to and comply with."
The health secretary announced that Mike Farrar, chief executive of the NHS Confederation, would draw up a plan for "how joint inspections and shared information can improve clinical outcomes and free up more time to care".
A single chief inspector of hospitals would be "primus inter pares" – first among equals – among regulators, Hunt said. "We are not short of data in the NHS. [The inspector will be] looking at the available data … to make judgments about whether there's a problem in [a particular] hospital. Taking a view that the public can understand."
Making an explicit comparison with the education inspectorate Ofsted, Hunt acknowledged hospitals were more complex than schools, but said: "The most significant reform of schools was in 1991 when the government encouraged Ofsted to declare schools were failing. That led to a generation of super-heads … who we later turned to to solve the problem of failing schools."
He said "a number of other parts of the system" would need chief inspectors to rank their services, including GPs. "On primary care we need to think about that. The one part most right for early charge is the residential care home sector … It is easier than a hospital to go into a residential care home and smell the coffee. Ask whether it cares for people, talk to residents and families."
The Care Quality Commission reports on Tuesday that a quarter of home care providers, who send carers to help elderly and vulnerable people, are failing to meet all five national standards of quality and safety.
Hunt rebutted the central thrust of the Francis report, which made 290 recommendations, many of which would require new laws and regulations. The health secretary said he wanted to avoid the "elephant trap" of more regulation.
Robert Francis QC, author of the report, told MPs earlier on Tuesday that NHS personnel involved in poor care and unnecessary patient deaths could potentially face criminal charges.
He told the health select committee that given the evidence he uncovered during his two inquiries, he felt some staff members could be charged with "individual manslaughter" or "offences in relation to wilful neglect of vulnerable people".
• This article was amended on 15 February 2013. The original referred to home care providers who send nurses, rather than carers, to help elderly and vulnerable people. This has been corrected.
GRAFTON, N.D. – Tom Campbell, a farmer and Republican state senator, will run for the seat held by U.S. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D.
Campbell announced his decision Wednesday, Aug. 16, becoming the first candidate of either party to declare for the seat Heitkamp won in 2012. Campbell, who had earlier mulled a run for governor, also launched a statewide advertising campaign.
Heitkamp, North Dakota's lone Democrat elected to statewide office, has been aggressively raising money for the race, and it was time for a Republican to challenge her, Campbell said in a phone interview.
“It's time, pushing the end of August,” he said. “I think we need to catch up and jump in.”
Heitkamp has not yet announced her intentions, but has said she will decide before Labor Day.
Campbell's campaign released a bio, stressing his farm roots. He started a custom-combining business at the age of 16, traveling over 1,000 miles to Oklahoma, Kansas and Nebraska to harvest wheat.
Two years later, Campbell started his first potato farm. Campbell bills himself as pro-life and pro-gun, and said he wants to “partner” with President Donald Trump.
“North Dakota has been a big supporter of Trump, and I've been supporting Trump's agenda,” Campbell said.
If elected, he said tax reform would top his list of priorities. He said he wants to replace Obamacare, which he said is unaffordable for many.
YouTube Share
Pinterest
Email
Harvey Weinstein had a few choice words about Bernie Sanders while on a promotion stop on the morning news show “CBS This Morning” for his upcoming movie, “Sing Street.”
Asked about his thoughts on Thursday night's Democratic debate, Weinstein said his family members have “all types” of political views, his mother started out as a Donald Trump supporter and switched to Hillary Clinton. And Weinstein's 18-year-old daughter Emma was a Sanders supporter until the Senator from Vermont questioned Clinton's qualifications to be president.
An outspoken Clinton supporter, Weinstein referenced The Who's 1971 “Won't Get Fooled Again”, addressing Sanders's record-breaking Washington Square Park rally that brought out 27,000 supporters last Sunday. “When it comes to diagnosing the problem, he's got a great idea,” he said, adding “I can afford to send my kids to school, let's concentrate on the kids we can't afford to go to school…. Lets get the ones who can't afford health care. It's an easier solution than saying, ‘let's give it away' and then bankrupt the country.”
“So I'd rather go with Hillary's, who's a strong, proven leader,” Weinstein said. “And the world is crazy right now. We need that strong hand, smart hand.”
Watch Weinstein's full interview here:
Is there an area in which you feel like you're “behind” where you should be?
Do you feel behind in friends, money, respect, free time, happiness, productivity, fitness, health, organization, relationships, or success in general? If an area comes to mind, think about it as you read through this post.
Duke Was Behind, and Then This Happened
Duke University's basketball team was losing by 22 points in their Final Four basketball game against Maryland in 2001. During a timeout, coach Mike Krzyzewski told them, “You're losing by so much, you can't play any worse. So what are you worried about, losing by 40?”
Duke came back and won the game by 11 points.
If we assume their comeback was successfully prompted by their coach's comments, what would the lesson be?
Don't play as if you're behind.
Coach K. likely saw that his team started playing differently when they fell behind, and his comments changed that. But why would anyone—a basketball player or someone in regular life—act differently when they fall behind? The answer to that question betrays the problem with “playing from behind.”
Most people think falling behind is a special circumstance that requires a different-than-usual response. They're wrong.
In basketball and in life, the fundamentals of success don't change when you fall behind.
This isn't to say we should deny the reality of our situations, it's to suggest that we strategically choose our reaction when we are behind. Being behind and acting as if you're behind are two different things. Duke likely won that game because they started playing as if the game were tied. This allowed them to relax, stop panicking, and play basketball the way they typically did (the way which typically won them games).
When you feel like you're behind, “regular work” won't seem to suffice, but don't be deceived, because it is the key to your turnaround! The fundamentals always work, and “special plans” to “catch up” often fail. Here are some examples of how playing (or living) from behind can put us further in the hole.
Examples of “Living From Behind”
Weight loss attempts. Many people think that to lose weight, they must go above and beyond what everyone else does, so they adopt extreme diets and restrictions that nobody else has. Big mistake. There are actually biological problems with this approach that I cover in Mini Habits for Weight Loss, and that's on top of the psychological issues that come from “playing from behind.” With these factors in mind, it's not surprising that dieting is one of the best ways to gain weight long term.
Working on a project. I've been writing Mini Habits for Weight Loss for more than a year and it still isn't finished (currently targeting Nov 2016 release). In this time, my least productive days came when I felt like I was behind. I'd feel behind when thinking about the research I needed to do, the topics I needed to cover, or the impossibility of meeting my rosy-eyed target release date. This didn't change the fundamentals of productivity that have allowed me to write books and blog posts in the past, it only removed my focus from them. The techniques I used successfully before seemed like they weren't enough because I felt so far behind, so I didn't use them, and my productivity suffered.
Happiness. Nothing will make you sadder than always feeling like you're behind. Some people always feel this way regardless of their circumstances, success, and progress. It sucks of the joy out of life because it makes you constantly focus on the endless list of what you still need to do. It prevents you from enjoying moments and celebrating your progress. It prevents you from being present.
Instead of Living From Behind, Do This
What if, instead of living from behind, you lived as if the score was 0-0 in every aspect of your life, and even one point would put you ahead? This idea removes all hesitation to move forward.
When you're down by 22 points, metaphorically speaking, you may overthink your options trying to figure out how to score 22 points in one play (impossible). You'll question yourself and your actions and wonder if they're good enough instead of just doing them and moving ahead.
Instead of living from behind, let's live as if any and every move forward puts us ahead. This is factually true, because every move forward puts you ahead of where you just were. And the true measure of success is not how you measure up to an arbitrary goal that you or society has set, it's how you measure up to who you were the very moment before this one. If you're any amount smarter, wiser, faster, stronger, better or further along than you were last minute, you're succeeding!
The fundamentals of what makes a basketball team successful don't change just because they're down by 20 points. In the same way, the fundamentals of successful living and progress don't change just because you're overweight, overwhelmed, in debt, or behind on a project.
The fundamentals of successful living? Frequently use small steps to move forward and create momentum, be consistent in key areas to build good habits that will compound, and value forward progress in any amount. If you can focus on those regardless of the circumstances, results, peaks, and valleys in your life, you will continuously improve your life and get wins.
If you are way behind, take comfort in the fact that it doesn't matter, because your way forward remains the same.
Advertisement Fire chief gives first-person account of shooting at Townville school Chief Billy McAdams offers new details about shooting Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Most of the doom and gloom is starting to lift from the media, and there are talks of economic recovery. However, we are still in a recession, and President Obama and others have warned us that economic recovery is likely to be a slow process. You don't come out of a funk like this (something decades in the making) overnight. If you are lucky, and if you have been making the right moves, chances are that you are positioned to have your personal finances mostly survive the recession.
Even if you think you will be fine — and especially if you aren't quite sure — there are some smart personal finance moves that you can make during a recession. These are things that can help you extend your money supply and improve your cash flow. And you can continue practicing these personal finance principles even after the recession ends. It never hurts to start preparing for the next downcycle.
Here are 6 smart personal finance moves for the recession:
Track your spending. Know what you are spending your money on. Be aware that some of the little things, added up and compounded, can take a big bite out of your finances. Also, make a note of where you do your spending and what you use to pay. Paying with credit card (and carrying the balance) means that even more of your money is going elsewhere. Identify your problem areas. Do you buy more when something is on discount? Do you look for deals and then buy just to buy? Do you have a weakness for certain products? Figure out what you are spending the most on, and why. And then consciously make an effort to improve. Prioritize your spending, cutting out most of the unnecessary. Decide what is really important to you. Now that you've tracked your spending and found your weak spots, you can create a spending plan that addresses these issues and makes sure that you cover the important things first. (Hint: some sort of savings is one of the most important spending priorities.) Save a little. During a recession, you may not be able to save as much as you would like. However, you should do what you can to set as much as you can aside. Work toward building up your emergency fund. Also, a recession is a good time to keep adding to your retirement fund. Investments are on sale right now, and adding to your retirement account can mean bigger gains later. If you are a little nervous about some of the investments out there, you might consider index funds. Stop adding to your debt. Even if you don't have money to spare for aggressive debt reduction right now, you can still stop digging the hole deeper. Arrange your spending plan so that you cut out the waste and the excess so that you don't “need” to turn to credit cards. And, of course, if you have a little bit that you can use to pay down your debt, that's even better. Try to diversify your income. Now is a good time to attempt to diversify your income streams. Dividend investing can be one way to increase your cash flow. You can also sell some of your unused stuff. Try starting your own business, or making money from a hobby. You can even look for ways to make money online. Just be careful of scams and be realistic. You may not see immediate results. But starting now could provide a source of income that can serve as a safety net down the road.
A solid financial future is based on taking responsibility for your personal finance situation and responding with appropriate action. Even during a recession, there are things that you can do to position yourself for a better future.<br>
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- A 34-year-old man who worked as a massage therapist has been sentenced to three months in jail for inappropriately touching a client. Lance Dion-Tyler Martinez was sentenced Thursday, July 28, in Kent County Circuit Court on a charge of fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct. He was working at Massage Green Spa, 3529 28th St. SE, when a woman reported that he inappropriately touched her during a Sept. 23 spa. Martinez, of Grand Haven, said little during Thursday's sentencing.
Massage therapist enters plea in sex assault case The man was the second employee charged with sex assault at Massage Green Spa.
His attorney asked for a sentence of only probation, but Judge Dennis Leiber said some punishment was necessary. The judge added: "To be fair, your days as a massage therapist are over." As part of the sentence, Martinez was placed on three months of probation.
fullscreen continue view fullscreen close
This year OHNY opened up the doors to the gorgeous TWA building at JFK Airport, a mid-century time capsule that sits abandoned across from Terminal 5. Over there, you're reminded of a time when air travel had a bit of dignity and elegance. You could sit down at a sleek bar and drink a dirty martini, instead of waiting online at Starbucks for a $13 scone. Goddamn it was a beautiful time to be launched 30,000 feet in the air.
(Photo by Tod Seelie/Gothamist)
The Eero Saarinen-designed building is on the National Register of Historic Places, and may soon, eventually, finally come back to life... but in the form of a hotel. While there, photographer Tod Seelie noted there was a "strong indication that the proposed hotel development is a go," with posters of the plans displayed around the former terminal.
The mid-century modern gem has been slowly restored over the last six years, and MCR Development is currently "advancing a privately-funded $265 million plan to rehabilitate the national landmark to its original splendor and deliver the first on-site, world-class airport hotel at JFK International Airport." They promise to preserve the building's history and beauty as they move forward with their plans—"The TWA Flight Center Hotel will celebrate and preserve Eero Saarinen's masterpiece," CEO Tyler Morse said, "returning the landmark to its original glory and reopening it to the public" in 2018.
Here's some footage of the TWA building back in the 1970s:
The building is closed to the public, but you can expect more tours like the one at OHNY before it reopens as a hotel. You can also gaze upon it as you depart Terminal 5... but they need to fire whoever put that light pole there.
(Photo by Jen Carlson/Gothamist)
The filmmaker and star's Sundance award-winning drama depicts the events of April 29, 1992, through the eyes of a Korean shop owner and the young black girl who befriends him.
Gook, the second directorial feature from Justin Chon, tells the story of the 1992 Los Angeles riots from a perspective seldom covered in mainstream media: that of Korean Americans, whose own simmering tensions with their African-American neighbors came to a violent head in the aftermath of the Rodney King trial verdict.
Chon, whose acting credits include the Twilight saga, 21 & Over and Seoul Searching, sets his film on April 29, 1992, and bases it in part on the experience of his father, whose shoe store in Paramount, California, was looted during the riots. In the story, Eli (played by Chon) tries to keep his shoe store afloat while dealing with Daniel (David So), his wannabe-R&B artist brother, and Kamila (Simone Baker), an 11-year-old black girl from the neighborhood who prefers hanging out with the brothers to attending class.
The dramedy (it draws as much from the era's Boyz n the Hood as its Clerks) premiered in January in Sundance's Next section, where it won the Audience Award and drew critical praise (THR's John DeFore said it “demonstrates a strong kinship with the indie cinema of that period, yet feels wholly alive in our present moment."). Gook will screen in Little Tokyo on Saturday night — the 25th anniversary of the riots – as the centerpiece film of the L.A. Asian Pacific Film Festival and complete the festival circuit before receiving a theatrical release via Samuel Goldwyn Films in August. Chon spoke with The Hollywood Reporter about his personal connection to the L.A. riots and the surprising bonding that took place on set with his father (Sang Chon), who plays a supporting role in the film: "When you think of your parents, you think of them as the people who tell you to rip your napkin in half because you need to use it twice. You don't think of them as artists."
When did you start working on this story?
It's a film I've wanted to make for the last few years, but after hearing about a few other L.A. riots projects being made, I felt that it was now or never. I'm actually really excited to see the other films — I'm a huge fan of Denis Gamze Erguven [the Turkish Mustang director making her English-language debut with upcoming Halle Berry-Daniel Craig L.A. riots romance Kings] and John Ridley [who helmed ABC documentary Let It Fall and has had a narrative script set up at various studios], and I really want to see their takes on the event, but I thought it was very important to also tell the story from a Korean-American perspective.
Do you think that perspective has been under-represented?
It's really cool to see how much Asian-Americans have progressed in terms of their voices in media. I've gotten a lot of coverage on this 25th anniversary, and a lot of people are in positions where they can write about it. On the other hand, I feel like the Korean aspect of the experience is often represented, but more in passing. I'm happy that people are interested in even telling our story, but it's from an observational standpoint rather than from the actual perspective of being a Korean during that time. They don't know what it felt like.
What did it feel like?
I was 10, about to turn 11. From an 11-year-old's perspective, you don't understand why these things happen, and especially with Asian culture where they don't explain anything to you. You're like a spectator. You know these violent things are happening, you don't know why. You don't really register how dangerous it is, either. You just think, "What does this mean for me now? Do I have to change schools? Do we have to move houses?"
Now, my dad had a totally different experience. I grew up in Irvine because my dad wanted me and my sister to go to good public schools, so he commuted an hour to an hour and a half to Paramount every single day, and he still works there. He does wholesale athletic shoes, and he's done the drive for 30 years. So I was in the suburbs watching the riots on TV, and he was watching the riots slowly approach his store. He could see the fires getting closer from his roof. His experience was waiting for the impending violence that could come his way. He wasn't thinking about anything except for the fact that he needed to protect his store: "This is our livelihood, and we have to protect it."
So when did you find out when your dad was safe? Were you guys on the phone?
We didn't know. We had no idea. He wasn't calling because that's not what he was worried about at the time. My younger sister and I were just watching television. We had no concept of whether he was safe or not safe or when he was gonna come back.
What was the extent of damage to the store?
It was bad. It looked like a tornado came through and just took the store and shook it and set it back down. But my dad was really, really lucky. He was one of the very few people who had insurance. Back then, Korean people didn't know the concept of that, so after the riots, a lot of people went back to Korea because they were broke. They didn't have money to continue on.
How much of what's in the movie is taken from personal experience?
Kamilla in the film is 11, the same age I was when the riots took place, so there's a direct correlation with that. And my dad actually plays the liquor store owner across the street. But I wasn't trying to do a direct recounting. The purpose of my film wasn't to do a history lesson; rather, it's about friendship between this kid who inherited his late father's women's shoe store and the 11-year-old African-American girl in his neighborhood. How are they friends, how do they fit into each other amidst the tension in this neighborhood? The L.A. riots provides the climate for this story to take place.
Black-Korean relations, especially during that time, were hostile. It's rare to see a friendly relationship depicted in the stories from that period.
I grew up with Boyz n the Hood, Juice, Menace II Society. That whole era of Singleton and Spike, Do the Right Thing. Another huge influence for this film was La Haine, which is also from the early '90s, about the riot in Paris when this boy was killed by the police. That was also in black and white, like my film.
I remember watching Menace II Society, this is like the quintessential portrayal of the stereotypical relationship between African-Americans and Korean store clerks. The guy's like, "Get out, get out!" and they blow his brains out and they have the tape. That was a huge plot point. I was a huge fan of that film, even though they killed a Korean store clerk, because I was such a fan of that time in cinema, and I wasn't that offended by it. I understood their complaints about Korean people in their neighborhoods. They didn't assimilate.
At the same time, when it comes to telling my story, it has to humanize Koreans and what we were going through. But this film was an opportunity for me to do justice for everyone. It's just as much an African-American film as it is a Korean film. Half the cast is black, and half the storyline is black. I had long discussions about stereotypes with one of my actors, Curtiss Cook Jr. [who plays Kamila's uncle Keith, who holds a deep resentment against Eli], about how I'm portraying African-American males. Am I repeating the angry black man stereotype?
You can't be everything for everyone, but I tried my best. At first I portray this Korean store clerk very stereotypically, behind the Plexiglas. As the story progresses, I start to humanize him little by little. In my story, everybody's mad, because that was the climate. At that time in '92, everybody was angry. The Rodney King verdict was announced and there was an uprising, because people didn't feel like they were heard. This was in every minority community at that time. And I'm hoping that I was able to give a little bit of perspective from everyone, rather than just the Korean experience.
Your dad's in the movie. Was this his first time in front of the camera?
No, my dad was a really famous child actor in South Korea. He was like the Macaulay Culkin of the '60s. He had acted, but when he met my mother, my mom's family didn't approve of him being an actor, so he quit, and that's what prompted him to move to the U.S. and start a new life. I wrote the role for him, but I had to beg him to do it for about three months. The riots were not a good experience, and he was perplexed as to why I wanted to revisit that.
What was it like directing him?
My dad is an average Korean father, where he'll never tell you he's proud of you. And he had a lot of complaints about random things during the shoot: He didn't want to do any night shoots, he didn't want to smoke cigarettes in the film. But once he showed up on set, it was really interesting to see him approach the work as a true actor. He asked all these questions, he had thoughts about his wardrobe. They were very character-driven concerns, and I've never had that kind of conversation with my dad. When we were doing scenes, he wanted direction. It was like how any relationship with the director and actor would be. He wanted to service the story. It was cool to share the screen. The first few takes were awkward and uncomfortable, but after a few takes, it just felt like anything I've ever acted in. He relaxed really quickly, too.
So he never talked shop with you about your previous roles?
Oh my god, no. He would give me notes, and they'd be really stupid: “You need to act more natural.” I'm like, “No shit, Dad. That's like the worst acting note you can give me.” Even when I was in Twilight he would say stuff like, “Well, you were barely in the movie. What are you so proud about? Let me know when you actually have a real meaty role, where you're acting. Don't bring me to this shit.” (Laughs.)
But this was a totally different interaction. I was totally shocked because when you think of your parents, you don't think of them as artists. You think of them as the person who tells you to rip your napkin in half because you need to use it twice.
So how much did he help you with your research for this film?
I would get tiny, tiny snippets growing up. I remember doing cleanup in his store after the riots. I opened his desk drawer in his office, and there was a black handgun inside. I was like, “Oh shit, obviously he needs to protect himself." He didn't really talk about it, so it wasn't until I started really getting into making this film that I started asking him specific questions, and it was like pulling teeth. But when he knew I was really serious about it, he told me stories like how he was a Marine in Korea, and there was a group of Korean Marines driving around L.A. in a van kind of acting like the police. They'd have CB radios, and wherever they would hear there was a conflict, they'd show up. Obviously I did a lot of other research on my own, but my dad's accounts were the most valuable, because they were personal.
Has he seen the film?
Yeah, he was at Sundance. He was like, "Don't even think about bringing me out for the Q&A. I'm gonna wear hiking clothes, so if you bring me up, you're gonna be really embarrassed." But when the film finished and they called everyone up, he was like the first one up on stage. (Laughs.) He told everybody else he liked it, but he didn't tell me. He hasn't told me he's proud of me or anything. At the after party, he told me to stop drinking because he said I needed to be professional. But I think after the fact, he understands why the film was important.
What about when you won the Audience Award? What was your dad's reaction to that?
My dad doesn't know what that is. He doesn't care. I think he was just happy that it was playing somewhere and people liked it. I honestly didn't expect to win. It's awesome because it wasn't the jurors deciding, it was the audience. So what was really encouraging was being able to see that the audience has an appetite for this. There were other films in my division with Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara [David Lowery's A Ghost Story] and Michael Cera [Dustin Guy Defa's Person to Person], yet they voted for our film, which was just a bunch of no-name black and Asian kids. That was incredible that that's even possible now.
We talked almost exactly a year ago about challenges facing Asian-American actors. What have you learned about opportunities for Asian-American filmmakers?
What I'm starting to realize after having made a film and selling it is, there is room. There is an appetite, and people just want compelling, great stories. That's the magic of cinema: You can watch someone that's not your skin color or your ethnicity, and you can relate to them. After Sundance I met with everybody under the sun in terms of production companies. Everyone's like, “What's next?” I tell them a few stories, and they're excited. It's not like, "Oh, we don't do that." Especially in the last year, we just saw Ghost in the Shell and what happened to that. Obviously there are the tentpoles, but I think execs are getting privy to alternate programming. I mean, look at Get Out, holy shit! That movie was so incredible, and Jordan Peele just created a new genre, the social thriller. I think people are ready for it.
I have to ask you about the title, which is generally used as an ethnic slur against Asians. What was the decision behind that?
In the film, I explain how that word actually means "country" in Korean. Hangook is Korea, Chingook is China, and Migook, which breaks down to "beautiful country," is America. The title wasn't meant to be for shock factor. That's really what encapsulates that time: the racism, the implosion, but also the irony of the whole situation. Had I not explained it in the film, it'd be a really terrible choice. But it's a huge turning point in the story. When people say it, I want people to feel uncomfortable. And if they don't feel uncomfortable, then at least if you watch the film, you have an explanation of what it's about. While I was filming, the younger millennial people didn't know what the hell it was. They were all pronouncing it wrong, which maybe is a good thing, that it's not even in their vernacular.
Moving forward, it's the 25th anniversary of the riots, and this is an opportunity for us to say, “Let's never go back there." But the irony is, we haven't progressed. There's still insane police brutality. Kamilla in the film is the bridge between the Korean and African-American communities, but on a bigger scale it's a metaphor about the country. We're so divided, and what I wanted to say was, "Look what happens when there's no conversation. Look what happens when no one wants to step inside someone else's shoes."
I LOVE DRAWING UNDERWATER THINGS
IDK why but I find drawing my own OCs is good therapy for me, they always cheer me up when I'm not feeling good. c: I really need to draw more pics of them, especially to make up for Klausen's inactivity. (which I'm really hoping to keep active again after Ponycon)Just had the mental image of this scenario and felt like drawing it. Joen and Reina are just friends here but Reina is taking Joen to the beach, which they both love. Joen wasn't a good swimmer and Reina was the one that taught him to swim. So they have a little paddle in the sea and well, Joen is trying to play it smooth as he warms up to Reina for being so nice to him, until a crab decides to mess everything up and nip his leg. (and yes that's his leg, although it was very close to his valuables if u know what i mean)But he doesn't mess anything up because yay for Reina for having a sense of humor and not freaking out about Joen freaking out.Oh by the way Reina's wings are there, they're just kind of floating beneath the surface of the water but it's not very clear.oh and also *scREAMS TO THE HEAVENS*I'm going to draw that more. If I think of stuff.Anyway hope you guys like! I gotta get back to my con work and commissions and trades. Hopefully more OC artwork when I get the chance.
The New Jersey Devils' Brian Gibbons is one of the most surprising stories in the early going of the 2017-18 NHL season.
At 29 years old and a veteran of more than 300 AHL games, it only makes sense Brian Gibbons was approached about the possibility of taking his game overseas. After all, he was coming off the best season of his career in the AHL, a 16-goal, 36-point campaign with the Albany Devils, and, after spending the entirety of the past two seasons in the minors, no one would have thought twice had Gibbons taken his shot at an opportunity across the pond.
To hear Gibbons tell it, though, playing in Switzerland, Sweden, Finland or Russia never really crossed his mind. He'd listen, of course, and he understood that his skill set as a speedy, diminutive forward might be a fit in one of Europe's top leagues, but he never really considered leaving North America in search of greener pastures. Instead, his focus was on battling his back into the NHL for the first time since a 25-game stint in 2014-15 with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
“That's always the goal and has always been the goal for me. I've never really lost faith in it,” Gibbons said. “Sometimes it's been harder than others, but last year I really enjoyed my time (with Albany). It got me refocused and reenergized to try to make it back up here.”
And “make it back up here” he has. Signed by the New Jersey Devils on July 1 to a one-year, two-way deal worth $650,000 in the NHL and about a quarter of that in the AHL, Gibbons turned some heads in the pre-season with his quickness, his acumen on the penalty kill and his ability to chip in offensively, enough that he was brought into the lineup for opening night and he hasn't looked back. In fact, Gibbons is one of the most surprising stories in the early stages of the 2017-18 NHL season.
With eight goals in 17 games, three more than his previous career-high of five in 41 games with the Pittsburgh Penguins back in 2013-14, Gibbons has become somewhat of a scoring sensation in New Jersey to start the campaign. In his first six games, he had three goals and five points and he hasn't slowed down, putting his name among the league's top goal-scorers. At this point, the list of players he's scored more goals than is remarkable, and includes, among others, Evgeni Malkin, Johnny Gaudreau, Max Pacioretty and Brandon Saad. If Gibbons were to continue at this rate, he'd easily be a 30-goal player at season's end. That's not to mention that there is presently no better value contract when it comes to price per goal. But asked what he believes is helping him put up already career-best NHL point totals, Gibbons only points to the same things that got him back to the NHL in the first place.
“I just try to play a consistent game from shift to shift and do the right things on the ice. I work hard defensively and earn some ice time, and once you get some ice time you're able to try to make some plays or get more chances offensively with that,” Gibbons said. “I've been fortunate to play with some good players, even on the penalty kill a lot with (Adam) Henrique. We create some chances there, too.”
With what Gibbons has been able to accomplish, though, it's difficult not to draw some parallels between him and Paul Byron, another small, speedy winger who battled his way to a full-time spot and a breakout season.
Byron potted 22 goals for the Canadiens in 2016-17, doubling his previous career best, and was one of Montreal's most consistent contributors, and Gibbons is seemingly cut from the same cloth. It's believed Byron — who, like Gibbons, had a low shot volume and high shooting percentage — was able to consistently score because he was getting to good ares of the ice. Gibbons has done much the same this season. Comparing the two players' individual metrics paints a picture of that. For instance, for every 60 minutes at 5-on-5, Byron averaged 8.3 shot attempts, 5.9 scoring chances and 3.8 high-danger attempts last season. While a much smaller sample size, Gibbons has similar rates with 9.9 shot attempts, 6.0 scoring chances and 2.7 high-danger attempts through the early part of this campaign.
It might be that Gibbons is simply creating because he's playing straight-line hockey, not overthinking things with or without the puck, a benefit of playing with the Devils after spending last season with their farm team. It doesn't hurt that he's familiar with the coaching staff in New Jersey, either. Coming out of Boston College back in 2011-12, Gibbons landed with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins and spent two-and-a-half seasons playing under now-Devils coach John Hynes and assistant Alain Nasreddine.
“The more familiar you are with the systems and how things are run, the more comfortable you can be on the ice,” Gibbons said. “It allows you to play faster, not think too much, just react and trust your instincts. The more you know the system the faster you'll be able to play.”
Speed has been key to not only Gibbons' success but the success of the Devils overall, as well. But Gibbons also said what has allowed New Jersey to get off to such a hot start and unexpectedly leap to the top of the Metropolitan Division at this point in the campaign is they're finding ways to win each night. Be it goaltending, offensive success or a power play that clicks at just the right time, the Devils keep defying expectations. That goes for Gibbons, too, but he says it's not about the goals he's scoring, it's when those pucks are going in.
“The best part is that, for the most part, the goals have come in wins,” Gibbons said. “As a team we've been off to a good start and on a roll. To contribute to a winning team has definitely made it a lot better.”
Want more in-depth features and expert analysis on the game you love? Subscribe to The Hockey News magazine.
This is a literate Haskell file. You can find this code on Github and follow along in ghci .
In order to warm up for a round of interviews next week, I've been playing around with coding puzzles. Those are usually solved using imperative languages, and I thought I'd have a go at them using Haskell. I'll share today's experience, which hopefully will convince you that purely functional languages are (sometimes) suitable for puzzles.
====Disclaimer: There is probably nothing new here. Also, there might be better solutions to solve the problem. I like this solution because it gave me an excuse to showcase Haskell's laziness. Feel free to ping me if you come up with something better.
====The puzzle Let's start with the problem itself. You are given a number, x 0 , and a target, x f . You are allowed two functions: f(x) = 2x + 1 and g(x) = 3x + 1 .
Give either the minimal number of applications of f and g that you need in order to reach x f from x 0 , or state that one cannot reach x f from x 0 .
For instance:
in order to reach x f = 4 from x 0 = 1, you need one application: x f = 4 = 3 ⋅ 1 + 1 = g(1) = g(x 0 )
in order to reach x f = 10 from x 0 = 1, you need two applications: x f = 10 = 3 ⋅ 3 + 1 = g(3) = g(2 ⋅ 1 + 1) = g ∘ f(1) = g ∘ f(x 0 )
you cannot reach x f = 8 from x 0 = 1.
I like to think of the values as a tree where each node has degree 2. To get to a left child, apply f. To get to a right child, apply g. In this case the answer is equal to the depth of x f , where the root is x 0 . Now you just need to traverse the tree, starting from the root, until you find x f . Using the following observation:
4 ⋅ x > 3 ⋅ x + 1, ∀x > 1
we know that we can safely stop whenever we hit a node with depth d > 4 ⋅ x.
Clearly the number of nodes traversed (assuming a BFS) is proportional to the exponential of the depth (it is actually 2d). But we also know that there is at least a factor 2 between each “layer” (∀x > 0, f(x) > 2x). So we can conclude that x f − x 0 > 2d and so our algorithm should run in O(x f − x 0 ). Now let's write some code.
====The code
First we need to define a suitable tree structure. We define a binary tree in which each node holds some data. The data we will record is the node's depth (or distance from the root) and a value:
We keep the links to the children lazy so that we can build an infinite tree. Whenever we create a node it is very likely that we will need the data it contains, so we keep the data strict. This is a typical lazy spine/strict leaves structure, and has the added bonus of easily allowing GHC to unpack the Int s.
Now, let's build that tree:
Note that we don't have to limit ourselves to the functions f and g. Here's, for instance, a complete binary tree:
This second tree would look like this:
Now comes the fun part, the breadth-first search (note that you typically don't want to do a depth-first on an infinite tree). A typical implementation of a BFS uses a queue. It would go something like this:
Dequeue a node from the queue and append it to an output list.
Enqueue all this node's children.
Repeat until your queue is empty.
This is a simplified version that will work just fine for a tree (we don't need to check whether or not we have already visited the current node). If you know your functional data structures, you'll recognize a typical queue:
Whenever you want to enqueue a value, you con it on back . Whenever you want to dequeue a value, you uncons it from front. And whenever front is empty you replace it with back (in reverse order). This gives you worst-case O(1) for enqueue and dequeue operations, and O(n) for tail (that's where you'll reverse the back, see Okasaki's Purely Functional Data Structures for a good overview).
====The search
Easy enough. Now we just need a State Queue monad, traverse the tree, and update our queue every time, discarding the old one. Also, we'll need a Writer [Tree] to output the nodes. Right? Well, in our case we can do much simpler. We will simply use a list and take advantage of the language's laziness. We'll take a list of nodes and return a list of their children. It will extract the left and right children of a node, then move to the next node, repeat the process and concat the result.
All good. Now we just need to bootstrap it:
Let's check it out on our binary tree in ghci :
Sweet! When concatMap is called the first time, it'll split the root into its left and right children. This means that the root's left child is now the second element in nodes . When concatMap has to work again, it'll spit out first the left child's own children, then the right child's own children, etc, concating the children lists every time. Looks like we have a breadth-first search using a list instead of a queue! And added bonus, we got rid of Queue 's O(n) the worst case, since we never even tail !
In this case, a queue is nothing more than a window, or slice, of a list. Every time we enqueue, we expand the window to the right. Every time we dequeue, we shrink the window on the left. This is unfortunately not an all purpose queue. Once the first cell of the list is created, all the remaining ones must be determined already.
The only thing left to do is to traverse the nodes produced by bfs until we hit either x f or a number that we know is too large:
Et voilà! We can go a bit fancy and add a cli (that will happily crash on you on bad input):
Compiled with
$ ghc --make -O2 -funbox-strict-fields bfs-tree.lhs
the program runs to up to 10,000,000,000 under two seconds, which is not too bad. (Dell XPS 13, 2015)
$ time posts/2016-07-31-bfs-tree 1 3000000000 Nothing posts/2016-07-31-bfs-tree 1 3000000000 0.57s user 0.13s system 99% cpu 0.708 total $time posts/2016-07-31-bfs-tree 1 6000000000 Nothing posts/2016-07-31-bfs-tree 1 6000000000 1.04s user 0.19s system 99% cpu 1.230 total $ time posts/2016-07-31-bfs-tree 1 10000000000 Nothing posts/2016-07-31-bfs-tree 1 10000000000 1.49s user 0.62s system 99% cpu 2.111 total
Today, the Global Times reports that half a million pairs of fake shoes were seized by police in Anhul, China. The shoes were intended to be exported to the Middle East and Africa, with a total value surpassing 600 million yuan, or $87.3 million dollars.
According to China Central Television (CCTV), fake Nikes, Converse and Vans were made to resemble authentic pairs, but were made with cheap materials. They're being produced for about 20 yuan ($3 dollars), then sold for about 400 yuan ($58 dollars) in foreign markets. Though tagged as being manufactured in countries like Vietnam and Malaysia, the shoes were made in the neighboring area of Bengbu.
What makes this story even more interesting is that the bust began with a tip from Nike Sports China to Bengbu police in December 2015, explaining the presence of counterfeit shoes resembling its branded products in Middle East countries. Police spent about a month working with the lead from Nike, before identifying Jinfeng Factory, a subsidiary of the Feiyu Group, as the target in its investigation. In particular, they singled out a major suspect with the surname of Dai, the factory director who had previously served a suspended prison sentence of two years for manufacturing counterfeit shoes in 2008. Ten other suspects have been arrested in connection to the crime in the past two years—Dai reportedly still remains at large.
For now, the case has been handed to local courts for further investigation and sentencing.
Two precedents were set in the news coming out of Wednesday's Arizona Wildcats football practice. Per the Arizona Daily Star:
1. Running back Daniel Jenkins will start in front of Ka'Deem Carey, who was suspended for the 2013 season opener.
2. Two freshmen linebackers will quit the sport after suffering from concussions.
The first precedent set was about representing the school and the team well. Carey obviously didn't do that with his legal issues this offseason. On the opposite side of the spectrum is Jenkins, who has spent his entire career as a promising backup. Where things haven't fallen in his favor, he ultimately decided against transferring to Washington State. Now that loyalty has paid off, even if it's a more symbolic start -- Carey is still expected to play.
In a different sort of news, linebackers C.J. Dozier and Dakota Conwell won't return to the football field after struggling through concussion issues. It being their sophomore years in college and considering neither played really significant minutes, it makes one wonder how often these types of admissions should be aired and don't. It's good then, that Rodriguez is allowing them to remain on scholarship -- and putting the individual before the football team.
All of the above puts some good vibes out there. Rodriguez's program, like the hoops program, is about the players and in both examples above, it goes beyond the product on the field.
Reptiles have scales. Birds have feathers. Mammals have hair. How did we get them?
For a long time scientists thought the spikes, plumage and fur characteristic of these groups originated independently of each other. But a study published Friday suggests that they all evolved from a common ancestor some 320 million years ago.
This ancient reptilian creature — which gave rise to dinosaurs, birds and mammals — is thought to have been covered in scale-like structures. What that creature looked like is not exactly known, but the scales on its skin developed from structures called placodes — tiny bumps of thick tissue found on the surface of developing embryos.
Scientists had previously found placodes on the embryos of birds and mammals, where they develop into feathers and hairs, but had never found the spots on a reptilian embryo before. The apparent lack of placodes in present-day reptiles fueled controversy about how these features first formed.
“People were fighting about the fact that reptiles either lost it, or birds and mammals independently developed them,” said Michel C. Milinkovitch, an evolutionary developmental biologist from the University of Geneva in Switzerland and an author of the new paper. “Now we are lucky enough to put this debate to rest, because we found the placodes in all reptiles: snakes, lizards and crocodiles.”
As you may know, I'm the ‘author' of one of the blueprint calculators that some people use in EVE Online. The one at http://www.fuzzwork.co.uk/blueprints/
If you didn't know that, how did you get here? 😉
Anyway, it's not uncommon to see people asking how to get the materials for building something out of the Static Data Export; and as such, I thought I'd write up a post here that I can direct people to. Oh, and if you're looking for the code for the blueprint calculator, take a look at https://github.com/fuzzysteve/eve-blueprint-calc It's mostly up to date, just missing a few twiddly bits.
The SQL
Now for the meat of this post. Being able to run this SQL is dependent on having a copy of the SDE up and running. If you're using anything other than mysql, postgresql or oracle, you may have problems with the greatest function, in the first bit of sql. replace it with a case statement. You're wanting to return 0, if the value is negative.
select typeid,name,greatest(0,sum(quantity)) quantity from ( select invTypes.typeid typeid,invTypes.typeName name,quantity from invTypes,invTypeMaterials where invTypeMaterials.materialTypeID=invTypes.typeID and invTypeMaterials.TypeID=? union select invTypes.typeid typeid,invTypes.typeName name, invTypeMaterials.quantity*r.quantity*-1 quantity from invTypes,invTypeMaterials,ramTypeRequirements r,invBlueprintTypes bt where invTypeMaterials.materialTypeID=invTypes.typeID and invTypeMaterials.TypeID =r.requiredTypeID and r.typeID = bt.blueprintTypeID and r.activityID = 1 and bt.productTypeID=? and r.recycle=1 ) t group by typeid,name
SELECT t.typeName tn, r.quantity qn, r.damagePerJob dmg,t.typeID typeid FROM ramTypeRequirements r,invTypes t,invBlueprintTypes bt,invGroups g where r.requiredTypeID = t.typeID and r.typeID = bt.blueprintTypeID and r.activityID = 1 and bt.productTypeID=? and g.categoryID != 16 and t.groupID = g.groupID
Notes
There are three bind variables in total, two in the first, one in the second. These are all the same value, the typeid of the item being manufactured. You could just replace them, but bind variables are your friend. Learn how to use them, and love them. People that do string replacement are asking for trouble. PHP has PDO, Perl has DBI, Python has DB-API, Java has JDBC. They all support bind variables.
The reason for the two queries is that CCP have split the materials into those affected by ME, which are also recovered when you recycle it (the base materials), and those which aren't affected (the extra materials). The base materials query here doesn't return the materials recovered, but that's due to the removal of materials which are marked as recyclable in the extra materials.
Extra Credit
The queries above only give you the materials for a perfect blueprint. It's rare that you actually have one, so you'll need to take ME and Production Efficiency into account as well. The waste factor referred to in the formulas is that one that's defined in invBlueprintTypes. Perfect is the number of the materials defined by the above queries.
If your ME is 0 or greater, then for each material in your base materials:
If your ME is less than 0, then for each material in your base materials:
If your production efficiency is less than 5, then you also need to add to your materials. You only do this for:
Base materials
Extra materials that also appear in the base materials
If it's 5, you're adding a number that's been multiplied by 0. You may wish to do this for completeness, or so that your code works for more than just your main producer.
That's it for now. If you have any questions, feel free to ask here, or in Eve.
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
More
Tumblr
Facebook
Print
Related
Eve SDE SQL – Blueprint Details by Fuzzwork Enterprises is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
