Today's news tells of another mistake of exaggerated climate science prediction.
I'm not getting in the foxhole with the warriors on either side of the raging climate war. But I think there's something more alarming going on than the spike in CO 2 level charts.
Our global system of air currents, ocean currents, cloud patterns, resonant temperature cycles, energy storage and release mechanisms, and further processes is mind-bogglingly complex.
Presently, the best climate models fall many orders of magnitude short of the power and intricacy needed to effectively predict the long-term climate patterns that emerge from the interactions of all these planetary systems. And that's not a failure of science; it's just the reality of how tough the problem is.
Predictions are made by building models using the smartest simplifications we have thought of and running them on the most powerful computers ever built. Basically, it's the best we can do right now.
But there is a major failure of science going on.
The failure is the lack of transparency and honesty about how feeble these models are and how much we should stake on their all-too-fallible forecasts. Thus the same problem continues: climate science has once again botched a prediction that its models were underequipped to make.
It seems that there can be no moderate and honest discussion of this issue. Skeptics are singled out in creepy enemies lists. Actually, we're now supposed to call them deniers, as though they were disputing the existence of HIV or the holocaust. Numerous scientists, as well as senators, anti-vaccination Kennedys, and clickbait purveyors have even called for the imprisonment and legal prosecution of those who disagree with them.
Climate science acts like it is fighting a holy war. There are only those who are just and those who must be silenced and stopped at all costs. Anyone who mounts reasonable logical, empirical, or skeptical challenges to the orthodoxy must be ruined, not by counterfactual evidence, but by vicious attack.
Weekly, we're bombarded with doom-and-gloom future scenarios spit out of these models. The public is supposed to quiver in fear and to disregard and forget the many times that these predictions have failed.
Models told us that the years of 1998-2013 were supposed to show ever-increasing runaway warming. And yet, these years actually exhibited the famous "global warming hiatus." An article published in Nature says that zero models predicted this.
Numerous modelers have told us that the Arctic polar ice would be completely gone by now. It's still there. Many models now seem to skew in the opposite direction, predicting more ice than we see today.
Modeler Kerry Emanuel's widely reported initial correlation of global warming with dramatically worse hurricane seasons has been strongly rebutted by multiple groups, leading him to reconsider.
The scientific failure here isn't that models are inaccurate -- it's that the models are presented as undebatable apocalyptic predictors, harbingers of certain future catastrophe. Omens that compel us to rethink our lives. If we take issue with that, we're heretics.
Given how fallible climate models are, why shouldn't we be skeptical of the scary headlines? How good can your science be if you try to prove your point by ruining your detractors rather than through empirical success?
Climate scientists may win their war in a friendly press and with political parties aligned with their agendas. But they make enemies of those people who make logical and empirical evaluations of their results, those who don't give in to pressure and political and professional expediency.
The crusader mentality of climate researchers leads them away from the factual debate and empirical accounting of sound science. We really deserve more from our publicly funded scientific establishments.
(AP photo)
Future lawbreaker? (via Flickr user Rawle C. Jackson)
The DOT recently announced that New York City has more cyclists than ever, with the number of daily riders up 150 percent since the mid 1990s. But advocates say a bill currently being debated in Albany that would require helmet use by all adult cyclists in the city could stifle that growth if it passes next year.
Assembly Member Nily Rozic of Queens and State Senator Simcha Felder of Brooklyn have each sponsored a bill in their respective chambers that would require adult cyclists in New York City to wear helmets when riding a bike, under the penalty of a $50 ticket. The current helmet law in the city only requires children under the age of 14 to wear a helmet.
According to the "justification" language in the state Senate bill, there are two reasons for making helmets mandatory. One, the bill claims the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety found helmets reduce head injuries by 50 percent and head, neck and face injuries by 33 percent. And two, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says 71 percent of cyclist deaths occur in urban areas. Per the bill's language, "requiring everyone who operates a bicycle to wear a helmet is a simple and effective was [sic] to save lives in New York City."
However, Caroline Samponaro, a spokesperson for Transportation Alternatives, bluntly rejects these justifications. Samponaro told Gothamist that TransAlt is "adamantly opposed to mandatory helmet laws, because they're proven to make cycling less safe."
Samponaro said the primary reason for this is because laws requiring helmet use discourage cycling and cut against the "safety in numbers" phenomenon. Studies have found that "motorists adjust their behavior in the presence of people walking and bicycling," and therefore
The likelihood that a given person walking or bicycling will be struck by a motorist varies inversely with the amount of walking or bicycling. This pattern is consistent across communities of varying size, from specific intersections to cities and countries, and across time periods.
"The proven way to make cycling safer is to build more bike infrastructure, encourage more people to ride bikes and to enforce laws against speeding and failure to yield, deadly driver behaviors that actually kill cyclists," Samponaro told us.
Felder's most recent legislative action regarding city streets was proposing a law to increase the speed limit on Ocean Parkway. Under pressure from his own constituents, Felder, who is a Democrat but caucuses with state Republicans, finally killed the bill recently.
Neither Felder nor Rozic responded to our requests for comment.
The proposed law could also undercut the Citi Bike program, since helmet rental next door to bike docks isn't a thriving business, and Australia's mandatory helmet laws were found to be a huge barrier to people using the bike share system in Brisbane and Melbourne. While the Citi Bike didn't come out swinging against the law, their spokesperson echoed Samponaro's advice on how to make cycling safer.
"With more than 43 million rides to date, Citi Bike has proven to be an incredibly safe bike share program," Citi Bike spokesperson Madeline Kaye told Gothamist. "We believe the way to make bicycling even safer is to increase funding for bike lanes and traffic calming infrastructure and to enforce existing laws."
While the DOT declined to comment on the proposed law, the agency recently announced they would expand the city's bike network in ten neighborhoods in Brooklyn and Queens to enhance cyclist safety. Those neighborhoods lacking bike infrastructure "account for nearly a quarter of all cyclist fatalities and serious injuries and include just 17 percent of the city's bike lane network," the agency says, acknowledging that bike lanes slow traffic by reducing street width.
And as for the safety of helmets, while the bill doesn't repeat the widely thrown around (and discredited) number that helmets prevent 85 percent of head injuries, Eben Weiss, who writes Bike Snob NYC, has previously pointed out that helmets for casual riders aren't necessarily all they're cracked up to be:
Of course, there's plenty of anecdotal evidence that bicycle helmets make us safer, and I'm sure you're going to read plenty of "A helmet saved my life!" testimonials in the comments below. Did it really though? People often come to this conclusion because their helmet cracked. However, a helmet is supposed to compress to absorb the energy of an impact, and if it shattered instead of compressing this could be a sign that it didn't do its job. They may still be alive because they wore a helmet, or they may still be alive despite the fact that it failed.
Ultimately, according to Samponaro, the proposed helmet law is a retreat from progress that the city has made in creating safer streets for cyclists and pedestrians.
"Vision Zero is based on the idea that a system protects individuals, specifically that a system of well-designed streets protects individuals. This is a throwback to victim blaming approach before Vision Zero, and making them individual people responsible for their own safety. In the Vision Zero era, there's no place for a mandatory helmet law."
The translator — and literary critic, and award-winning poet — Michael Hofmann moved to England from Germany with his family when he was four years old. He remembers watching his father, the novelist Gert Hofmann, draft manuscripts, then clamp them with bulldog clips and put them to the side to rest, “rather like hams from the rafters.” In the same fashion, Hofmann likes to let the manuscripts he translates sit for a bit before he does the final polish. Although he grew up bilingual, he started translating by accident in 1985, when a London editor enticed him with Kurt Tucholsky's Castle Gripsholm. Since then, Hofmann has translated nearly 80 books and story collections from German — specializing in early-20th-century novels by Franz Kafka, Joseph Roth, and Hans Fallada (he also translated several of his father's books). Today, he lives in the United States and teaches at the University of Florida, where he brings his poet's ear for voice to all his work.
¤
LIESL SCHILLINGER: Do you think translators get short shrift, or are they getting more attention lately?
MICHAEL HOFMANN: I think it comes and goes. Translators certainly do not get reviewed enough, but every aspect of a translator's life requires consolation. It begins with guilt: the guilt of producing books that you haven't yourself written. Then, people are sort of stuck in books, or they're suffering under awful contracts, or somebody writes some shitty review — or, no mention is made at all. I always felt unfairly privileged as a translator, because people knew me either from the newspapers as a reviewer or through my poems. I think I tend to be noticed a bit more than if I was just Joe-translator, and that makes me a feel a little bit guilty.
Do you find translating to be a different muscle, to call on different resources, than other forms of writing?
Not a very different method; I think for me, translating is as near as I'm going to get to writing a novel. My father was a novelist, Gert Hofmann.
Do you remember when you first became aware of translating, as a thing somebody might do professionally?
I have the wrong sort of upbringing for that question, because I am German — we moved to England when I was four, and I have no memory of learning English. With my parents and sisters, we spoke German at home always, so we were all happily bilingual. If you're bilingual, there isn't a sort of magnet pulling you out of one language into another. If a word doesn't come to you in one language, you say it in another. In a way, I think the people with the biggest draw to translating are monolingual people who translated something in order that they may read it, because they can't read it in the original. What happened to me, was that I started publishing book reviews and poems, in 1979 or 1980 or so, and everything was short term. A poem is something you write in a day; a review is something you do in a week; and I was looking for something that would pay me bigger checks at longer intervals. The first book I translated was a Kurt Tucholsky book — Castle Gripsholm — by a then well-known publisher, Chatto & Windus. This was in 1985. They paid me 500 pounds, and I translated this very odd, funny, quite wonderful novel about a summer holiday in 1935, and it seemed to kind of set my period. Most of the things I do are set in the 1920s and 1930s. There are great writers from then. I thought I would keep on translating maybe a book a year, and it would supplement my income. I was a freelance writer for 10 years, and I thought translating would give me a kind of dietary balance — like giving me carbohydrates — but then in 1988 I translated a book called Blösch, by Beat Sterchi. It was 400 pages about a cow — the great Swiss novel — and that's what made me a translator.
Do you have any favorites among the books you've translated?
Many really. One recent one is Jakob Wassermann's My Marriage, which The New York Review Books recently published. Wassermann was a friend of Thomas Mann, he was one of that generation of professional writers; he wrote a book a year. In one of his books — the last book of his that he finished, which came out posthumously — he has a character who is told by his therapist to tell the story of his marriage, and the story is of Wassermann's marriage, and I think it's the best thing ever written about an awful marriage. I managed to persuade Penguin to publish it in England and NYRB to do it here. It is amazing. It came out in January. I also love Wolfgang Koeppen's Death in Rome, from longer ago. But I have lots of favorites.
What would you say makes a translation good?
What I like, and what I like in poetry, too, is vocal quality — the sound of somebody talking. There's a character in Death in Rome who is a young composer, and he is rather lugubrious, and I loved doing his voice. But the vocal thing is just a permanent part of literature.
What would you say makes a translation worthwhile?
It is important to me that it be somehow a big story, or an important story — something that either is important on its own or is important about Germany. I'm quite conscious of putting over Germany in a lot of books I do — helping English and American and other readers think about Germany, think about German history, think about German guilt, think about the last century.
Hans Fallada's novel of the German resistance, Every Man Dies Alone, is a masterpiece; your translation was flawless. How did you get the chance to translate that book, and what did you think of working on it?
That is an amazing book. I just remember the draw of it — I read it in two days. Another reason to translate things is to learn. Translating that book taught me a new thing: I'd never translated anything like a thriller before, and I just wanted to learn, to have that experience. The main task I set myself was not to get in the way of the reader, so that the reader in English can have an experience of similar speed to the experience of the German reader. When I read it in German, I couldn't put it down.
How would you describe your process? And are there any specific tools you rely on when you're translating?
I do the first draft as quickly as I can, then I put it away. I used to see my father's manuscripts, clamped with bulldog clips, hanging rather like hams from the rafters. These manuscripts would be resting, or maturing. I like to do this: I work as quickly as I can; I let it hang for three months or six months, then I'll go back to it and revise it five, 10, 15, 20 times. Bulldog clips — that would be my tool.
When you do your revisions, are you doing them through rewrites, or is it more like fine-tuning?
I am mostly copyediting. My girlfriend is German, and I am native, so if there is something sort of old or obscure then I may ask her advice — as luck would have it, she is a German copyeditor. Actually, on the question of a special tool I use for translating — she would be my instrument!
What shared characteristics do you find translators have?
I don't really know many translators. I find writers or poets reclusive, and I think translators are fairly similar. I have met very few. I was lucky enough to meet Edie Grossman: she is just a wonderful character.
What do you dislike about translating?
In my own writing, my natural unit is a poem, which is under a page, or a book review, which is maybe four or five, so when I'm translating a book, the idea of being trapped under a large amount of prose is horrible. I kind of put my head down and drill through it.
Do you think that, as a native speaker of the language from which you translate, you work differently from translators who had to study the language they translate, and might their formal study of a foreign language give them an advantage at the craft?
People come at it from such different ways. I've never studied German; my program is quite wrong, my equipment is Glücksfall — luck — but I did study a bit of French and classical languages. Now my Latin and Greek are gone, but I did do Latin for six or seven years, and that seems to me terribly important. When I first translated Kafka, I made the discovery that it seemed more like translating Latin than German, because the structures are so firm and ineluctable. It was not a matter of vocabulary, it was a matter of argument; there would be a very strong drift one way, then a strong drift in the other.
I find Thomas Mann terribly difficult to translate.
But that's just because of his vocabulary.
Do you have any favorite translators from the past?
I was lucky to meet Ralph Manheim, in Paris a long time ago. I think he just summoned me. We had drinks at his apartment in Paris, and from him I learned that translating could be a profession. Here was somebody who treated it as a job, who had an office, who got up in the morning, went to the office, came back, had whiskey, had his dinner — he didn't live in the middle of it, which is what I suppose I do. I'm a little bit like Kafka's creature in “The Burrow,” which I've just finished. I've just translated a collection of Kafka's “other” stories — the ones that weren't published in his lifetime — called The Burrow and Other Stories. Penguin will publish it in England, and I hope they will in America too.
Have you translated works that have previous translations, and if so, do you have any firm policy on looking at prior translations?
Yes — that is about as exposed as you can feel in literature. It is almost impossible that you would know a book and love it, and then a new translation would come along, and you would think, “Oh, this is even better!” That must be extremely rare. It is really difficult offering a new translation; there are readers like you and me who are just always going to prefer Constance Garnett. When I have retranslated, it's either been work I didn't know had been translated before, like Koeppen's Death in Rome; or it's been Kafka, of whom there are many other versions. I'm also doing a new translation of Alfred Döblin's Berlin Alexanderplatz. I suppose I must retranslate a lot, because I do so many novels from the 1920s and 1930s. Germany is the only place I really know about. You tend to get new translations in Europe of important novels every 20 or 30 years, but in English, a version lasts for 80 years. Berlin Alexanderplatz was translated once, 80 years ago, so far as I know.
Will you read the earlier translation of Berlin Alexanderplatz as you work on your own?
Well, if I'm very unhappy about some particular bit, then I will look at it. I will only look at a preexisting translation in a spirit of anxiety, or to see how some unusual word is translated, like, for instance, “brougham.”
What is the difference between a poor translation and a good one?
A poor translation reads like a dead text — a foreign, alien text. A good translation provides an experience; it is alive, it quivers. That is the goal I've set myself.
Can you fill in the blanks: A translation is to the original as X is to Y?
I think that's really difficult. It depends on what your view is. Is this thinking of a reader who can read both the original and the translation? Or is it thinking of somebody who can't?
Well, either; Petrarch once wrote something to the effect that a translation was to the original as the son is to the father: sharing similar, related blood and sinew, but having a distinct identity and form. I was thinking along those lines.
Well, I think there's something filial about it in my case; there is my writing poems and translating, and my father's writing novels — and indeed, my translating his novels. I was translating my father's novels when he died 20 years ago, and it seemed to suspend mortality. I translated a book of his called The Film Explainer, then two more: Luck and Lichtenberg and the Little Flower Girl.
How many books have you translated?
I think I have translated 80-odd books, more than one a year, but I'm not really counting. I stopped counting some time ago. There is no definite number.
Which has been your most meaningful collaboration?
I have two answers, one is Joseph Roth, from whom I've translated the most books, and probably with whom I'll be associated for a long time, the other is somebody I ironically think of as “my living author,” Peter Stamm, because he is alive. Otherwise, I specialize in translating dead people. Peter is my living author, and I think I've said ironically, “The dead are more grateful.” Peter is very charming, he tells this rueful story about getting my translation of his first book, then going through it and sending me two pages of notes and queries, quibbles; until then it sort of dawned on him, or people told him, that I knew what I was doing, and thereafter he left me completely alone. I've done 10 of his books.
What effect would you say online translating engines have on translation?
Hurting, I think. I guess I'm a linguistic conservative, and I feel most things relating to language and expression are getting worse, and I think machines and gadgets are not helping. I think one is a craftsman, and a person does better work than any machine.
Are there any books in translation that you are longing to read?
I haven't read Knausgaard. I think I'm due, and I've just read something that Penguin is doing in England by the Romanian writer Mihail Sebastian called For Two Thousand Years. It's set among Jewish characters in Bucharest in the '20s.
Can you name an author who writes in German and who ought to be translated into English but hasn't been, or hasn't been enough?
Jakob Wassermann. It's really a question of getting a commensurate readership, I think. I'm sort of expecting the great German novel of reunification, of the fall of the Wall, but I've been waiting for a long time. I tried to get a writer named Hans Joachim Schädlich published; he is an East German author, and he has a great story about a character by the name of Tallhover, a Prussian police spy. It starts in 1848, and just keeps going. Demand for his services doesn't cease, so the man himself doesn't stop either. He lives through German unification, World War I, Weimar, the Nazi period, East Germany and the Stasi, and at the end he's still going.
Why should people read books in translation?
Our own stories are not enough for us in an age of increasing insufficiency. For our own humanity, it is important to read the stories from other places: the book of Africa, the book of Asia, the book of Antarctica.
¤
Liesl Schillinger is a New York–based critic and translator.
The Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, today issued the following statement on the inauguration of Donald J. Trump as President of the United States of America:
“On behalf of the Government of Canada, I would like to extend my congratulations to Donald J. Trump on his inauguration as 45th President of the United States of America.
“Canada and the United States have built one of the closest relationships between any two countries in the world. This enduring partnership is essential to our shared prosperity and security.
“Together, we benefit from robust trade and investment ties, and integrated economies, that support millions of Canadian and American jobs. We both want to build economies where the middle class, and those working hard to join it, have a fair shot at success.
“Canada and the United States have unparalleled cooperation on matters of national security, and have always worked side by side to protect our citizens and ensure our shared border is secure.
“We look forward to working with President Trump, the U.S. Administration, the 115th Congress, and officials at the state and local levels to restore prosperity to the middle class on both sides of the border, and to create a safer and more peaceful world.”
Selena Gomez in November in L.A. (Photo11: Jason Kempin, Getty Images for LACMA)
Selena Gomez has been having a grand time in Dubai. She's been sharing Instagram shots of herself and pals, including Kendall Jenne and model Gigi Hadid.
But she's been at swirling in controversy for sharing an Instagram photo of herself in a mosque - the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, flashing her ankle and smiling.
That's a no-no, notes Billboard. Both acts in a mosque -- showing off a bare ankle and laughing or smiling -- are considered signs of disrespect in the Muslim culture.
Some Internet commenters quickly pointed out the problem, prompting Gomez to delete the photo. You can still see at the Daily Mail and other sites.
And she didn't delete a group shot that also seems to show her exposed ankle.
Some say this is disrespectful, too.
But none of it seems to have really put a damper on Gomez's fun. Her latest posts show her frolicking in the water in the sun today with friends.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Bes2ur
Teachers are being demotivated by “crackers” performance targets that are impossible to meet, a conference has heard.
It comes after TES revealed that some primary school teachers were being denied pay rises on the basis of ‘unreliable' 2016 Sats results.
John Girdley, a member of the NASUWT union's national executive, told conference delegates about one teacher who was told “to get 18 pupils to grade A or better” – despite only having 13 pupils in his class.
Describing the target as “crackers”, he said that when the teacher pointed this out to management, he was told: “It doesn't matter, you've got to do it.”
He said another teacher was given a target of increasing his school's year 7 intake from 110 to 130, and asked “how was that in his control?”
He said other examples of unfair targets included a head of department being held accountable for the results of others, and a teacher being told to get all pupils to A*.
Mr Girdley cited the School Teachers' Pay and Conditions document which states: “Pay decisions must be clearly attributable to the performance of the teacher in question.”
He told the conference: “Having impossible targets drives workload. It's utterly counterproductive. It demotivates teachers.
“We have the tools already to fight this abuse. We will escalate to industrial action whenever the members ask us. We will win, because we will see it out to the end.”
The conference passed a motion saying it was “deeply alarmed by the widespread abuse of pupil performance data in the management of teachers”.
It called for the NASUWT national executive to escalate industrial action “to defend members from inappropriate management practices”.
Mark Parsons, who seconded the motion, told delegates: “Achievements of pupils are highly individual and subject to a number of influencing factors most of which are not in the direct control of the teacher.
“But performance management is about enhancing and developing the performance of teachers. Reducing this to a simplistic numerical figure is wholly inappropriate.”
Lahore Development Authority (LDA) is planning to construct 28-storey-high twin towers.
The multibillion dollar project will offer a panoramic view of the city and will feature rooftop restaurant, offices, department stores, food outlets and a cinema.
According to the LDA, the twin towers will spread over an area of 22 kanals and will cost around Rs. 4.5 billion. It will be located on Jail Road and will be the biggest commercial hub in the city.
Moreover, the project will be administered under the management and transfer of property laws given in the Development Authorities Act, 2014.
As per the proposed terms, land will be provided by LDA for the project, whereas the private partners will be responsible for design, financing, construction, marketing, sales and management of the project.
Furthermore, a restaurant will be set up on the vacant rooftop. EOIs from local and multinational restaurant chains have been invited by LDA for setting up the outlets on around 8,000 square foot.
The officials also revealed that the project is a joint venture under public-private partnership and over 100 Chinese companies have shown interest in the construction of the twin towers.
The background, objective and the technical details of the project was revealed by the Director General of LDA, Zahid Zaman. He mentioned that CM has instructed to equip the twin towers with modern facilities.
LDA has formally invited expressions of interest (EOI) from renowned companies for the construction of the twin towers on joint venture basis. The deadline for submission of EOIs for the project is May 24.
Pre-qualification documents for the project can be obtained from the office of LDA chief engineer or the official website of LDA.
Via ARYNews
Hundreds of young blacks smashed police cars, smashed store fronts, and brutally attacked random white pedestrians. Now, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has openly admitted to protecting and aiding the rioters. She says she ordered Baltimore police to stand down and let people riot.
Fast Forward to minute mark 7:30
“I worked with the police and instructed them to do everything that they could to make sure that the protesters we are able to exercise their right to free speech. It's a very delicate balancing act. Because while we try to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on. We also gave those who wished to destroy, space to to do that as well.” – Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake
This video shows some of the racially motivated violence directed at white people. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake ordered police to stand down and white victims had to fend for themselves.
Jersey City is planning to switch ambulance providers after 130 years with Jersey City Medical Center. Pending approval, the city will award a contract to for-profit CarePoint Health and Bayonne-based McCabe Ambulance.
The new three-year pact, if approved by the city council next week, would bring in $2.6 million for the city annually, officials said in announcing the change.
In its most recent contract, JCMC has been charging the city $3.8 million annually for ambulance service over the last three years. But CarePoint/McCabe offered to pay the city for the contract.
The $2.6 million from CarePoint/McCabe would allow the city to pay for firefighters who act as first responders for any calls the new providers cannot respond to in time, according to city officials.
“We made the right choice for the taxpayers of Jersey City and equally important we made the right choice for anybody who needs transportation to the hospital,” Mayor Steve Fulop said in a statement. “This ensures Jersey City residents will receive the highest quality of emergency health care.”
CarePoint — which owns Bayonne Medical Center, Christ Hospital in Jersey City and Hoboken University Medical Center — bid for the ambulance service contract in a partnership with McCabe, owned by Mickey McCabe.
CarePoint has not purchased his 40-year-old company, McCabe said.
The move is being panned by JCMC spokesman Marc Rabson and Ward C Councilman Rich Boggiano, who called the deal, “pathetic.”
“We're being run by out-of-towners again,” Boggiano said.
Referring to Fulop and former Mayor Bret Schundler, Boggiano said, “Evidently we have another Mr. Schundler on our hands.”
Rabson, meanwhile, said the city will “take its chances” with CarePoint and McCabe, which Rabson called, “an unproven, untested EMS provider.” JCMC offered to provide the service for free.
“Jersey City residents will be reaping the consequences of today's decision for years to come in terms of unreliable response times, an unproven level of healthcare services provided and the transportation fees associated with a for-profit EMS provider,” he said.
Rabson said the JCMC is “making plans where citizens requiring an ambulance will be able to contact the (hospital) directly.”
See internal memo from Peter Kelly,CEO of Christ Hospital, to hospital and CarePoint employees and medical staff obtained by The Jersey Journal.
CarePoint officials did not return a call for comment, but McCabe laughed when he heard Rabson's comments, and later called the attack, “blasphemous.”
“McCabe Ambulance has worked hand-in-hand with Jersey City EMS for the last 25, 30 years,” he said. “As far as being unexperienced, untested — we're 40 years in existence. We have been doing emergency work since the beginning and 911 work since the inception of the 911 system.”
McCabe Ambulance provides services for Bayonne, which pays the company about $800,000 annually to go on an average of 10,000 emergency calls a year.
In response to Boggiano's complaint about “out-of-towners,” Fulop noted that JCMC has been purchased by the Barnabas Health system, based in West Orange. He also noted that JCMC has been charging the city for years until now.
“When they never had anybody bidding against them, they took $4 million from us,” the mayor said. “When you open it up for competition, all of a sudden they can do it for free. That's infuriating.”
Today the Supreme Court heard arguments about gay marriage, and so, in a timely update on the climate of same-sex marriage acceptance across religions, the Public Religion Research Institute posted an article last week creatively titled Attitudes on Same-sex Marriage by Religious Affiliation and Denominational Family.
The outcome of the study was that, “The most supportive major religious groups are Buddhists (84 percent), Jews (77 percent), and Americans who select “Other religion” (75 percent); additionally, more than three-quarters (77 percent) of the religiously unaffiliated also support same-sex marriage.”
This isn't terribly surprising for two reasons. First, Buddhism historically has very little to say about marriage as an institution, usually regarding it as a state matter. To sum up a 2012 article I wrote on Buddhism and Gay Marriage, Buddhism's long history is one of a fair degree of acceptance and, more importantly, cultural malleability. In terms of acceptance, we can take a case from the Vinaya, purportedly recalling events from the Buddha's life:
In the Vinaya, there is reference to a monk in whom the sexual characteristics of a woman appeared, and a nun in whom the sexual characteristics of a man appeared. In both cases, the Buddha appears to accept this and simply say that the ex-monk nun should follow the rules of the nuns, and the ex-nun monk should follow the rules of the monks. (Harvey, p.412)
However, it's not always so simple. Pandakas, a complex category that would generally fit in to what we today call ‘intersex', were barred from entering monastic life throughout most of Buddhist history. And while many Asian cultures appear quite liberal regarding people outside the heteronormative mainstream there are still legal and social barriers to full gender equality (Thailand is discussed here).
The second reason that this isn't surprising is that the survey, part of the larger “American Values Atlas” was done bilingually (English and Spanish), thus leaving out huge numbers of Asian immigrant Buddhists. This is important because convert (and now second generation) Buddhists in the U.S. tend to bring with them liberal political positions, while many Asian Buddhists — many here after fleeing Communist regimes — hold more conservative views. As a Tricycle article in 2008 explained:
When we look at the wider picture, the chorus of convert Buddhist support for liberals looks less like a religious position, and more like a class and ethnicity one. Most convert Buddhists already supported a liberal political orientation before they became involved with Buddhism, and convert Buddhism draws heavily from a section of the educated, white, middle-to-upper class demographic that supports liberal candidates regardless of whether the individual believers are Buddhist, Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, or agnostic. Naturally such people are attracted to elements of Buddhism that seem to resonate with liberal values, but it is worth asking how much of this is an inherent liberal bias within Buddhism, and how much is the process of picking and choosing which selects only compatible parts of Buddhism and leaves aside other, central practices and views that are less supportive of liberal positions.
So, while it's nice to see Buddhism listed as the “most supportive”, a more inclusive survey might have led to different results.
Another noteworthy part of the survey is one of the smaller groups in the poll, one apparently not worthy of the title “major religions”: Unitarian Universalism (UU). The UU scored a full 10 points higher than the Buddhists (94% in favor of same-sex marriage).
The article does note that the small sample size here should lead one to caution, which is correct. And the UU's uniting article of faith is, perhaps paradoxically, that religion is a private affair and that each person is responsible for what they believe. Despite that, the Unitarian Universalist Association has a long and powerfully pro-LGBTQ history and equally strong support of marriage equality.
Happily enough, it is a Unitarian Universalist group just behind the SGI Buddhists in the photo above.
So while English and Spanish speaking Buddhists ranked first in the survey, we should remember that the polling missed a significant number of Buddhists, and we should give credit where it is (albeit cautiously also) due, to the Unitarian Universalists.
Eskimos quarterback Mike Reilly is a CFL Player of the Week for Week 5 for his performance in last Saturday's game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats at The Brick Field at Commonwealth Stadium.
Reilly completed 32-of-42 passes (76%) for 354 yards and three touchdowns. He also rushed five times for 24 yards.
The Central Washington product has passed for more than 350 yards and completed better than 70% of his passes in all four games this season.
CFL Players of the Week are chosen by a panel of judges who independently send their selections to the CFL head office. The panel includes former players Matt Dunigan and Duane Forde of TSN and Pierre Vercheval of RDS.
The Eskimos host the Winnipeg Blue Bombers this Thursday, July 28, at The Brick Field at Commonwealth Stadium. Kickoff is 7 p.m. MT. Click here for tickets.
YOU REALLY WANT TO CHANGE. SO WHY CAN'T YOU?
We have all been there. We WANT to exercise more. We WANT to stop smoking. We WANT to eat healthier. We WANT a new job this year. And we REALLY WANT these things. We explore goal-setting websites, we set goals, we have the best intentions and we try and change our behavior.
It works. For a month or two and then our good intentions and resolve start whittling away and most of us realize we are back where we started.
Obviously, a lot of this depends on the goals you set. You need to set achievable, realistic and measurable goals. But there is more to that. There are other things we need to pay attention to.
Motivational speaker, Zig Ziglar captured it succinctly, “You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win and expect to win.” And this is where we fall short sometimes.
PLAN AND PREPARE
Goals are great but to just trust your resolve to achieve your goal is not sustainable. To persist, we need to plan and prepare for them. Otherwise, they get knocked about in our everyday life and finally get relegated to something that we should do once the madness of life settles down.
For example, if your goal is to go to the gym three times a week and you've got a gym membership, you've packed your gym bag and you have left it in the office, that's all great. But you can't just stop there. You also need to think about your lifestyle and think when the best days and times you can fit in this task.
After work? Great, unless you work in a place which frequently has impromptu after work pub sessions that you hate to miss. If that's the case, lunch time is probably a better option. And ensure that you don't schedule any meetings close to lunchtime on those days.
If you don't factor this in, what's most likely going to happen is that you will go to the gym 3 times a week for about 3 weeks. And in the fourth week, you will have had a bad day at work and you will decide to skip one gym session for an after-work drink and then instead of skipping once, it'll be twice and soon, your gym bag will be part of the long forgotten stash if items under your table.
EXPECT TO WIN
This is actually more insidious than people realize. At work, I have lots of colleagues who are trying / have given up smoking and I realize there is a key difference in the way those who've given it up and those who are trying and still failing talk about the task:
Successful quitters:
Yeah. Done with smoking. It was costing too much money and my wife doesn't like it as well.
Instead of smoke breaks, I'm taking fresh air breaks and going for a walk around the building.
I threw away all my cigarettes. And when my usual gang goes for smoke breaks, I just make myself a cup of tea now.
I stopped going to the shops where I usually get my cigarettes.
Unsuccessful quitters:
I've seen a hypnotist and that's sorta helping me but yeah, I want to quit but work is so stressful and I really need a break sometimes.
It's really difficult. I've been trying to quit for years. I'm giving it a try again. We'll see how it goes this time. But it's really taking a lot of effort.
I'm going to try and be good but yeah, I do have some cigarettes in the drawer just in case I need it. You never know.
There's almost a sense in the second group that this is a difficult task and it's going to take a lot of effort to get it done and also it seems like they are not expecting to beat their smoking habit. Whereas for the first group, the sense that they might fail is not even popping up. A decision has been made and they seem to be quite sure they will stick with it and there are not preparing for failing (e.g. having a just-in-case cigarette stash).
And that is the thing with most of us. We WANT to stop smoking but we believe we can't. We WANT to lose weight but we think it's too difficult and we've tried it before and this time, we will try again with this new diet but really, we don't think it's going to happen. We WANT a new job but the job market out there is bad and the CV is not spectacular, etc. We are not really expecting success. This actually shocks most people.
So closely monitor how you speak about your goals with others. That will give you important clues on whether you actually do think you will achieve your goals. Reversing these unconscious barriers will go a long way in helping you change your behavior.
Remember, you were born to win.
Shoba Haridas is a Project Manager for marketing campaigns and her focus is setting goals and making them measurable. Over the past year, she has tried several experiments in goal setting in her own personal life and has achieved success with some and has pretty much forgotten the rest. She is also a certified Feng Shui consultant and regularly writes on her blog, http://practicalfengshui.blogspot.com on all issues Feng Shui.
Various regulators around the world are concerned as to how the CFTC might look to hamper the growth of development and innovation in the world of blockchain technology. However, CFTC Commissioner J. Christopher Giancarlo seems to be quite keen on the concept of distributed ledgers himself, as he seems to be in favor of letting the ecosystem develop at its pace. Quite an interesting turn of events in the regulatory world, but overall, a positive sign for the digital currency ecosystem.
Also read: Bitcoin Price Watch; Bullish Start to the Week?
Blockchain Technology Growth Should Not be Harmed
There has always been a question of whether blockchain startups should worry about regulation before or after launching their business. Given how the regulatory outlook on the blockchain is in a grey area right now, something has to change to make things clearer moving forward. But that doesn't mean innovation should be hampered, as there is no better time for stimulation of new technologies than right now.
CFTC Commissioner Giancarlo seems to agree with that statement, as he is for a “do not harm” regulatory approach to distributed ledger technology. Back when the Internet was just launched, the same route was taken by regulators to let the technology develop and mature. Fast forward to today, and it is impossible to picture the world without Internet.
That doesn't mean there should be no set of foundational principles for the development of blockchain technology, though. The Internet was allowed to evolve through social interaction and a free market model, and that same approach should be taken to the concept of distributed ledgers. Hopefully, that should lead to the creation of new jobs, increasing productivity, and fostering consumer choice.
SEC Chairperson May Jo White stated:
“Our agency is currently considering whether certain blockchain applications may require registration as transfer agents or clearing agencies. She observed that the SEC recently reviewed the registration statement of Overstock, Inc., which is seeking to offer and sell digital securities that trade and settle entirely on the blockchain, bypassing intermediaries.”
Achieving the goal of a ‘hands-off” approach to regulating the blockchain will require cooperation across nations. Not only the United States but also foreign regulators should get together and create a principles-based approach to overseeing blockchain development. Moreover, Giancarlo feels the CFTC should revise its rules – including recordkeeping requirements – to ensure technological neutrality and avoid impeding development and innovation in this industry.
Source: Lexology
Header image courtesy of Shutterstock
Australia captain Ricky Ponting has been reprimanded for damaging a television set in the dressing room after being dismissed against Zimbabwe. Ponting, 36, was run out for 28 runs as Australia began the World Cup with a 91-run win in Ahmedabad. The International Cricket Council acted after receiving a report from the Indian Cricket Board (BCCI). Ponting accepted the Level 1 charge, which could mean he loses 50% of his match fee. ICC match referee Roshan Mahanama said: "Ricky knows that his action was in breach of the code, involving a brief moment of frustration. "That said, it was clear that the damage he caused was purely accidental and without malice, he apologised shortly after the incident at the ground and immediately agreed to pay for the damage." Officials at the World Cup venue in Gujarat accused Ponting of causing the damage after the Tasmanian was run out at the non-striker's end by a direct throw from Chris Mpofu as he attempted a second run. On his way back to the pavilion, Ponting appeared to talk angrily to himself having failed to push on to a sizeable score in his first competitive innings since the fourth Ashes Test against England in December. The report relating to the alleged incident was sent to the BCCI by the Gujarat Cricket Association, which oversees the sport in Ahmedabad. "When Ponting was run out, he was perhaps frustrated. He threw his gloves straight at the TV," Gujarat Cricket Association secretary Rajesh Patel said. "It was an LCD TV, which was properly damaged. We could not view anything so I had to replace it immediately. "An Australian team captain should not behave in this manner." Ponting is attempting to become the first skipper to achieve the feat of winning three World Cup titles in a row.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
blog posts about new features and big efforts delivered in 56.
Chrome 56.0.2924.76 contains a number of fixes and improvements -- a list of changes is available in the
Security Fixes and Rewards
Note: Access to bug details and links may be kept restricted until a majority of users are updated with a fix. We will also retain restrictions if the bug exists in a third party library that other projects similarly depend on, but haven't yet fixed.
This update includes 51 security fixes. Below, we highlight fixes that were contributed by external researchers. Please see the Chrome Security Page for more information.
[$8837][ 671102 ] High CVE-2017-5007: Universal XSS in Blink. Credit to Mariusz Mlynski
[$8000][ 673170 ] High CVE-2017-5006: Universal XSS in Blink. Credit to Mariusz Mlynski
[$8000][ 668552 ] High CVE-2017-5008: Universal XSS in Blink. Credit to Mariusz Mlynski
[$7500][ 663476 ] High CVE-2017-5010: Universal XSS in Blink. Credit to Mariusz Mlynski
[$3000][ 662859 ] High CVE-2017-5011: Unauthorised file access in Devtools. Credit to Khalil Zhani
[$3000][ 667504 ] High CVE-2017-5009: Out of bounds memory access in WebRTC. Credit to Sean Stanek and Chip Bradford
[$5500][ 681843 ] High CVE-2017-5012: Heap overflow in V8. Credit to Gergely Nagy (Tresorit)
[$2000][ 677716 ] Medium CVE-2017-5013: Address spoofing in Omnibox. Credit to Haosheng Wang (@gnehsoah)
[$2000][ 675332 ] Medium CVE-2017-5014: Heap overflow in Skia. Credit to sweetchip
[$2000][ 673971 ] Medium CVE-2017-5015: Address spoofing in Omnibox. Credit to Armin Razmdjou
[$2000][ 666714 ] Medium CVE-2017-5019: Use after free in Renderer. Credit to Wadih Matar
[$1000][ 673163 ] Medium CVE-2017-5016: UI spoofing in Blink. Credit to Haosheng Wang (@gnehsoah)
[$500][ 676975 ] Medium CVE-2017-5017: Uninitialised memory access in webm video. Credit to Dan Berman
[$500][ 668665 ] Medium CVE-2017-5018: Universal XSS in chrome://apps. Credit to Rob Wu
[$TBD][ 668653 ] Medium CVE-2017-5020: Universal XSS in chrome://downloads. Credit to Rob Wu
[$N/A][ 663726 ] Low CVE-2017-5021: Use after free in Extensions. Credit to Rob Wu
[$N/A][ 663620 ] Low CVE-2017-5022: Bypass of Content Security Policy in Blink. Credit to evi1m0# ly.com
[$N/A][ 651443 ] Low CVE-2017-5023: Type confusion in metrics. Credit to the UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)
[$N/A][ 643951 ] Low CVE-2017-5024: Heap overflow in FFmpeg. Credit to Paul Mehta
[$N/A][ 643950 ] Low CVE-2017-5025: Heap overflow in FFmpeg. Credit to Paul Mehta
[$500][ 634108 ] Low CVE-2017-5026: UI spoofing. Credit to Ronni Skansing
[$N/A][ 661126 ] Low CVE-2017-5027: Bypass of Content Security Policy in Blink. Credit to 李普君 of 无声信息技术PKAV Team
We would also like to thank all security researchers that worked with us during the development cycle to prevent security bugs from ever reaching the stable channel.
As usual, our ongoing internal security work was responsible for a wide range of fixes:
[ 685349 ] Various fixes from internal audits, fuzzing and other initiatives
Many of our security bugs are detected using AddressSanitizer , MemorySanitizer , Control Flow Integrity , or libFuzzer .
Chevron takes $1 million-a-day oil gamble deep in Gulf A $1 million-a-day gamble in the Gulf
Chevron has a lot riding on its high-tech drill ship 190 miles southeast of here. But will it pay off in oil or come up empty?
Long sections of drill pipe, pushed through a buoyant riser, enter the moon pool at the center of a ship Chevron has contracted to drill a Gulf exploration well. Long sections of drill pipe, pushed through a buoyant riser, enter the moon pool at the center of a ship Chevron has contracted to drill a Gulf exploration well. Photo: Melissa Phillip, Chronicle Photo: Melissa Phillip, Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Chevrons takes $1 million-a-day oil gamble deep in Gulf 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Years of research and planning have brought the oil giant to this point, and to this solitary location about 190 miles southeast of Houston, where water depths reach nearly 7,000 feet and a vast, uninterrupted expanse of sea is the only view.
Now, the only thing left to do is wait, as a drill bit far below inches closer to a target that may or may not exist.
“You can do all the planning you want,” said Tom Jones, drilling superintendent of Chevron's Moccasin prospect, aboard the new rig called the Discoverer Inspiration. “But there's only one way to find out, and that's to drill a well.”
The fact that one of the world's biggest oil companies has found itself here underscores how difficult the global hunt for oil has become. It also helps explain why the Gulf of Mexico has recently taken on greater importance in that search.
As oil companies face limited access to new reserves elsewhere around the world, the heavily explored U.S. basin — with its established oil and natural gas infrastructure and stable fiscal regime — has grown more attractive. Recent deepwater discoveries there have also brought new attention to the region, while improved drilling rigs and other technologies have put fields into play that once weren't feasible to explore and develop.
“(Oil companies) understand the financial risk in the Gulf of Mexico and are a whole lot more comfortable with that than some of the other areas they might consider going to work,” said Steven Newman, CEO of drilling contractor Transocean Ltd., owner of the Discoverer Inspiration, with headquarters in Zug, Switzerland, and large operations in Houston.
Others on board
BP, the largest oil and gas producer in the Gulf, recently relocated its global exploration and production business to Houston from Europe as it eyes growth in the U.S. offshore area.
Royal Dutch Shell says in coming years, its Upstream Americas unit, which oversees oil and gas exploration and production activities in North and South America, has the opportunity to attract up to 40 percent of the European company's global upstream budget, up from 25 percent in 2005, partly for projects in the Gulf of Mexico.
Elsewhere, Houston's Marathon Oil said in February it plans to spend $370 million this year on exploration wells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, more than double what it spent in 2009. And more state-owned oil companies are either entering the region for the first time or making expansion plans.
For Chevron, the deepwater Gulf of Mexico is the largest of four geographic focus areas for the company. As such, it receives “more than its fair share” of company resources — of the $17.3 billion the company will spend in 2010 on its upstream oil and gas exploration and production budget, $4.1 billion will go to the U.S., including the Gulf of Mexico, and will for the next five to 10 years, said Gary Luquette, president of Chevron's North America Exploration and Production Co. in Houston.
“I've heard the term used, a resurgence in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. But for us, this has been a constant purpose now for nearly a decade,” Luquette said.
And President Barack Obama's new plan to open more U.S. waters to drilling in the coming years, including parts of the eastern Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic coast, will allow Chevron to sustain investments in the Gulf of Mexico beyond what it is planning today, he said.
The sweet spot
Major oil companies have focused particular attention on an ancient rock bed geologists call the Lower Tertiary trend, which runs miles below the sea floor in an outer rim of the U.S. Gulf between Texas and Louisiana.
Thought to be the biggest U.S. oil discovery in generations, Lower Tertiary fields are expected to help offset declines in shallow water fields and lift overall output of the Gulf of Mexico, which today accounts for about a quarter of U.S. oil production.
But the region also presents huge technical and cost challenges.
Not only are fields often found in waters 2 miles deep, but oil and gas deposits, buried under think salt layers, are hard to detect in geologic surveys. Also, extreme temperatures and pressures in reservoirs test equipment.
Last month, Shell became the first to begin commercial production of oil from Lower Tertiary fields at its new $3 billion Perdido hub.
Over time, 15 of the 19 discoveries made so far in the region have the potential to be big enough to warrant commercial development, estimates Leta K. Smith , director of IHS-Cambridge Energy Research Associates ' E&P Trends Forum in Houston.
“It represents a big opportunity, particularly for the larger oil companies, because they're the only ones that can afford that kind of risk,” she said.
The industry's success rate in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico is roughly one discovery for every three exploratory wells drilled, she said, although others peg it closer to one in eight.
Either way, the odds of coming up empty remain frighteningly high, as do the consequences: Each dry hole is estimated to cost at least $100 million.
Steering drill's path
Last year, Chevron racked up four misses in the deepwater Gulf but also celebrated the huge Buckskin discovery, in an area known as Keathley Canyon, that will help cover outlays for the dry holes.
The Moccasin well Chevron is drilling today is about five miles southeast of the Buckskin. The plan calls for a well drilled to a total depth of 29,000 feet — which includes the 6,750 feet of water between the ship and the sea floor.
On a recent visit to the Discoverer Inspiration, drilling operators were about a third of the way to the target. A geologist on board analyzed rock and salt “cuttings” returned to the surface for clues about what the formation may hold.
If need be, engineers, armed with real-time well data, can recommend small adjustments to the path of the drill bit, which operators can make with joysticks from a control room on the ship.
But they can only “see” where the bit is now. Chevron, despite the millions spent getting to this point, still remains blind to what's ahead.
“Exploration is what it is,” said Jones, the drilling superintendent. “It's a shot in the dark.”
brett.clanton@chron.com
Shrek is coming to the small screen, as part of a deal Netflix struck with DreamWorks Animation on Monday.
The multi-year deal to air 300 hours of original TV series on Netflix featuring DreamWorks' characters is Netflix's biggest deal to date for original first-run content. It's also part of a larger plan for DreamWorks to expand into TV production.
As is typical for Netflix deals, financial terms weren't disclosed. Netflix shares jumped 7% on the news.
The first series is expected to begin airing on Netflix (NFLX) in 2014. In addition to Shrek, the companies also said characters from DreamWorks franchises "Madagascar," "Kung Fu Panda" and "How to Train Your Dragon" are on tap to star in new TV series. Also next year, Netflix will exclusively air newer DreamWorks feature films including "The Croods" and "Turbo."
As part of the deal, Netflix will also develop shows with some classic TV characters: Last year, DreamWorks (DWA) acquired the massive Classic Media library, which includes titles like "Rocky & Bullwinkle," "Lassie" and "Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer."
Related story: Netflix bulls vs bears: Who has the upper hand?
Netflix and DreamWorks had previously signed a small deal to air an original series based on "Turbo," which will premiere next month.
Netflix is going all-in on its original content strategy. Last month's premiere of a new season of "Arrested Development" followed the splashy February debut of "House of Cards," for which Netflix paid a reported $50 million per season.
The company has insisted it spends as much on original series as it would on exclusive deals for existing content, and it's letting many of those exclusive deals expire. Netflix allowed its Viacom (VIA) streaming deal to lapse in May, and in June Amazon (AMZN) snapped up the exclusive rights to air children's shows like "Dora the Explorer," plus adult fare from MTV and Comedy Central.
By now you may have heard about the viral video from a few days ago appearing to show President Trump ignoring a boy in a wheelchair. Trump did not ignore him, as the unedited video shows, and tonight Fox News' Greg Gutfeld went off on Trump opponents for just making things up to attack him on.
J.K. Rowling in particular spread the video, going on an anti-Trump tweetstorm in reaction to it, though she did apologize today.
Gutfeld said that generally, people should take a skeptical approach to videos like that, but “few did, figuring that Donald Trump is so evil he doesn't deserve such courtesy”:
“If Donald Trump is so evil, why would you need to make up evil stuff about him? The stuff should be right in front of you. Maybe you realize in quieter moments that he may not be as bad as you think. Perish the thought.”
Jesse Watters agreed with him about the Democrats viewing Trump and the Republicans as “evil,” saying, “The Democrats need to keep this charade up because it allows them to smear Republicans.”
Watch above, via Fox News.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The former director of the National Security Agency has enlisted the US surveillance giant's current chief technology officer for his lucrative cybersecurity business venture, an unusual arrangement undercutting Keith Alexander's assurances he will not profit from his connections to the secretive, technologically sophisticated agency.
Patrick Dowd continues to work as a senior NSA official while also working part time for Alexander's IronNet Cybersecurity, a firm reported charging up to $1m a month for advising banks on protecting their data from hackers. It is exceedingly rare for a US official to be allowed to work for a private, for-profit company in a field intimately related to his or her public function.
Reuters, which broke the story of Dowd's relationship with IronNet, reported that the NSA is reviewing the business deal.
Since retiring from the NSA in March and entering the burgeoning field of cybersecurity consulting, Alexander has vociferously defended his ethics against charges of profiting off of his NSA credentials. Alexander was the founding general in charge of US Cyber Command, the first military command charged with defending Defense Department data and attacking those belonging to adversaries. Both positions provide Alexander with unique and marketable insights into cybersecurity.
His final year as the agency's longest serving director was characterised by reacting to Edward Snowden's disclosures – and the embarrassment of presiding over the largest data breach in the agency's history – and publicly urging greater cybersecurity cooperation between the agency and financial institutions.
“I'm a cyber guy. Can't I go to work and do cyber stuff?” Alexander told the Associated Press in August.
Alexander, whose adult life was spent in uniform, intends to file patents for what he has described obliquely as a new forecasting model for detecting network intrusions. His assurance prompted speculation that the retired general is profiting from technical sophistication that competitors who do not have a US intelligence pedigree cannot hope to replicate.
Alexander portrayed Dowd's unusual joint positions with the NSA and IronNet as a way for the public to keep benefitting from Dowd's expertise, while saying less about how Alexander will profit from the same skill set.
“I just felt that his leaving the government was the wrong thing for NSA and our nation,” Alexander told Reuters.
The NSA, whose operations are almost entirely secret, has long been criticised for its close corporate ties. One long-serving official, William Black Jr, left the agency for Science Applications International Corporation, before returning in 2000 as deputy director.
While Black was in his senior position, SAIC won an NSA contract to develop a data-mining programme, called Trailblazer, that was never implemented, despite a cost of over $1bn. Whistleblowers have charged that Trailblazer killed a more privacy-protective system called ThinThread.
Black, however, did not serve simultaneously at the NSA and SAIC.
Compounding the potential financial conflicts at the NSA, Buzzfeed News reported that the home of chief of its Signals Intelligence Directorate, Teresa Shea, has a signals-intelligence consulting firm operating out of it. The firm is run by her husband James, who also works for a signals-intelligence firm that Buzzfeed News said appears to do business with the NSA; and Teresa Shea runs an “office and electronics” business that lists a Beechcraft plane among its assets.
Police say a gunman shot an Amtrak conductor Tuesday afternoon in front of several terrified riders in Naperville. But NBC 5 spoke to a passenger who says what happened during the chaos left her even more shaken. Chris Coffey reports.
Police say a gunman shot an Amtrak conductor Tuesday afternoon in front of several terrified riders in Naperville. But NBC 5 spoke to a passenger who says what happened during the chaos left her even more shaken.
The suspect had been subdued by passengers, police said. No one else was hurt and authorities arrived within minutes.
Gina, whose last name NBC 5 is not using for privacy concerns, says she was waiting for a train to Chicago when she witnessed the shooting. But she questions how the seconds following the shooting were handled.
“There were those who were already in the train station that had no idea the shooting even occurred,” she said.
There were no announcements, according to witnesses. Gina says she guided some people to the building for shelter.
“My goal is not to get anybody in trouble but to, my goal is just to, for an emergency situation like that to have some sort of procedure for people to feel safe,” she said.
Amtrak says the shooting happened at the opposite end of the station and it's hard to tell if any staff heard the gunshot.
Still, Amtrak says it will look at the incident to see if there are lessons to be learned. There are recommended federal guidelines to keep rail passengers safe. Rail systems are urged to train for evacuation, panic prevention and communication.
Metra says its part of the office was unstaffed that afternoon.
When Apple announced the newest MacBook Air a few months ago, I immediately ordered one even though the last thing I needed was to add another laptop to my ever-growing stable of gear. What pushed me over the edge was the inclusion of the Intel Haswell processor which was not available in other laptops at that time.
My review of the Air almost three months ago gushed over the performance of the Haswell and rightly so. The Haswell gives good performance while extending the battery life significantly.
See related: New MacBook Air: Haswell ups the game (review) | The new MacBook Air with Haswell on the way | MacBook Air and Pro: No touch screen required (unlike Windows 8)
So how has the MacBook Air held up over the past 12 weeks?
In a word, superbly. I noted in my initial review of the MacBook Air that due to the Haswell and other speed improvements Apple put in the Air that it regularly outperformed my MacBook Pro with a faster (non-Haswell) processor. I am happy to report that the performance of the Air is still as fast as can be. Things happen instantly on the MacBook Air and using it is a real joy.
The battery life of over 9 hours I first reported is still the case, and I've gotten used to it. This long battery life is normally only found on low-powered Atom or ARM processors (or giant laptops) so it's amazing to get it on a fast Core i5 processor. Battery life is so good that I can't remember the last time I checked the battery status while out and about. I no longer think about remaining battery when out for long days, and that is liberating.
There's nothing you can complain about having good battery life and performance when it's contained in such a svelte package. The MacBook Air isn't much bigger or heavier than the iPad in a keyboard case.
I own a couple of Windows laptops that each has a touch screen but I don't miss it when I use the MacBook Air. After heavy use, I still find the touch operation on OS X (touchpad only) to be better than that of Windows 8, even with a touch screen on the Windows laptops.
I'm using the current version of OS X like everybody else and not the beta version Mavericks. I'm hoping Apple makes the touchpad operation even better and doesn't screw up what's obviously working so well for me.
I'm not complaining about Windows 8, I find it to be a good touch operating system . But when I use the Air with the touchpad I find operation to be totally natural. I regularly find I am doing swipe operations on a Windows 8 trackpad and when nothing happens I realize I'm doing OS X gestures. That indicates how natural those gestures are when I want to do them all the time.
I am very happy with the MacBook Air almost three months in. The hardware is fantastic, performance is great, and battery life is wonderful. It's one of the best laptops I've ever purchased, if not the best, and I'd happily buy it again.
I also like my other laptops and the platforms they run, I use them a lot too. Just to head off the inevitable "you like the MacBook Air so you hate everything else" responses.
See also:
If the latest reports are to be believed, the Dodgers managerial search is down to three candidates: Bud Black, Gabe Kapler, and Dave Roberts. The good news is, those three are all very good candidates, for very, very different reasons. It's not difficult in the least to make a strong, compelling, case for any of the three of them. It's nice to not have a “please, not that guy” horse in the race. So now matter how this turns out, I think I'll be pleased.
But that's not the same thing as not caring, and I care. If I'm throwing my support behind any of these guys, it's the one you might think I'd like the least. I want the next manager of the Dodgers to be Bud Black.
With that out there, I need to give you some reasons as to why. So, here's three of them.
Because I'd rather keep Kapler where he is.
I'm just the biggest fan of Kapler. You saw how excited we were last year when there were merely rumors that he'd be coming on board, and he's more than lived up to that. In addition to the improvements in food and fitness, I keep going back to this Pedro Moura article from over the summer:
Scott Schebler understood only a little bit of the array of data Kapler presented at first. That's why, Kapler said, they have to talk about it again soon, and the Dodgers' minor-league staffers must also be fluent in the figures, to aid in the understanding. “The first time you present information to a player, it's brand new, totally foreign,” Kapler said. “The second time you present it to a player, it feels a little less awkward, a little uncomfortable. The third, fourth, fifth, sixth time they hear about wOBA and it being more indicative of positive performance than batting average, then it's not so foreign and awkward anymore, and it feels like a conversation they're ready to have. “I believe it's a commitment you make over time to help players understand how they're being evaluated. You can't quit halfway, because then everything goes out the window.”
All of which is just fantastic. You don't need players to be able to calculate wRC+ in their head; you do want them to understand what's really important, and what they're being graded on.
But then I wonder… is the best place for that the major league clubhouse? Do I prefer Kapler being able to shape the younger, impressionable prospects, or trying to change the baseball worldview of an Andre Ethier, Adrian Gonzalez, or J.P. Howell? I'm not sure that message flies in the clubhouse, and I'm not sure he can do as much good. Even if that doesn't bother you, his single year of managing a Single-A team eight years ago doesn't demand that he's the obvious choice, and that leads into the next item…
Because Roberts has no managerial experience.
Roberts is another guy I like a lot, because he's got the playing experience, is extremely well-respected, and would be a sorely-needed minority manager. He worked with Josh Byrnes in San Diego, and he reportedly came in a “close second” to Scott Servais in Seattle, which is notable because Jerry Dipoto appreciates the advanced stats of the world.
Obviously, the Dodgers were impressed:
Dave Roberts, who didn't get an interview in San Diego, apparently impressed in his Dodgers interview. https://t.co/ZcEq3NfgN4 — Dennis Lin (@dennistlin) November 4, 2015
But he has no managerial experience at any level, and only a few years of even being on a major league staff. I wonder if it's telling that when Black was fired by San Diego, they called up minor league manager Pat Murphy to run things, not Roberts.
As you may know, I'm not a huge fan of managers with no pro managerial experience, which leads us to…
Because Black has everything you want.
You know what I hear a lot from fans? “No retreads,” i.e., we don't want a guy who skippered a loser somewhere else, because he's proven he doesn't know how to win, or something.
Except, that's a huge fallacy. Look at this year's World Series. Ned Yost failed in Milwaukee. Terry Collins failed in Anaheim and Houston. Remember when Terry Francona broke the curse in Boston in 2004 and added another in 2007? He'd led some truly awful Philadelphia teams first. Clint Hurdle is highly respected in Pittsburgh, but only after running some terrible Colorado clubs. A.J. Hinch just led Houston to the playoffs, after leading Arizona to the basement. John Gibbons took Toronto to the ALCS, after that very same team fired him in 2008. Likely Hall of Famer Bruce Bochy had a pretty inconsistent 12 years with San Diego before going north. “Legendary World Series champion Joe Torre” doesn't happen without “finishing third or lower 11 times in 14 seasons for the Mets, Braves, and Cardinals” Joe Torre.
You get the idea, and look at the current landscape. While I grew to like Don Mattingly, there's no arguing that his first few years were rough. Matt Williams was hired with no experience, and look how that ended. Brad Ausmus had no experience, and it's a minor miracle he kept his job. Bryan Price, Robin Ventura, & Walt Weiss aren't exactly covered in accolades. I'm still not sure about Paul Molitor. The exceptions seem to be Mike Matheny & Jeff Banister, though Matheny has the power of the always-talented Cardinals roster behind him, and Banister at least managed several years in the minors back in the 1990s.
While I'm not always against inexperienced managers, it's got to be the right situation. A young team with low expectations, all maturing together — think Kevin Cash in Tampa Bay — makes some sense. A team with the biggest payroll in the game, massive expectations, and even bigger egos, well, that demands someone who's been around.
Black's been around. He's worked under Byrnes. He was a pitcher, a manager, a colleague of Joe Maddon for years under Mike Scioscia, and he was the top choice of another very talented, win-now team in Washington, before that fell apart and went to Dusty Baker. He even finished atop Grantland's bullpen usage rankings, as you'd expect from a former pitcher, and he finished atop something I don't totally understand from Bpro called “Manager Grind Runs.” He's even dealt with baseball's toughest personality, blowing out Milton Bradley's knee on the field once, which you can take either as a good thing or a bad thing.
Point is, he's been there.
* * *
So the ultimate outcome here: Black manager, Roberts bench coach — clearly they can work together — and Kapler right where he is. You can see different permutations of that, but it's the best way to get all three men, all of whom are very impressive, and the best way to get the best candidate in charge.
I've now guaranteed this will never happen.
In a single news conference on Monday, the rookie Mayor of Saanich admitted that he lied to the media to hide an extramarital affair, made complaints of misconduct against police and staff at City Hall, and announced that he does not feel safe conducting city business in his municipal offices.
Last week Mayor Richard Atwell, who was elected in November, was on the defensive over reports that he had called police during an incident in the home of a campaign supporter and her fiancé on Dec. 11. This week, at a news conference held in a rented boardroom outside of City Hall, Mr. Atwell told reporters he didn't answer questions about that incident honestly because he was inexperienced and poorly advised.
"I made a mistake. I was not totally truthful when I denied allegations that I had been involved in an extra-marital affair." From that admission, however, he then promptly segued into a list of his own allegations that he has been targeted by police and others.
Story continues below advertisement
"I have not felt secure and comfortable working from the mayor's office," he told reporters.
"I called 9-1-1 as a complainant looking for help and at no time did I commit any criminal act. But I do have concerns about the way the investigation was handled and how details of the incident became public." On Monday he formally asked the B.C. Police Complaints Commission to investigate.
As well, Mr. Atwell said he was stopped by police during the municipal election campaign and since a suspicious number of times. "Police pulled me over – not once – not twice – not three times – but on four separate occasions. In two of the instances, the officer administered a roadside breathalyzer test which I believe was done without reasonable suspicion." He said he passed the sobriety tests with perfect "zero" readings, and has now called for a review of those stops by the region's integrated road safety unit.
And, he said last month he "became aware that a member of the District of Saanich's IT team had been instructed to place spyware on my computer" which would capture information typed and accessed on his computer for others to see.
He said he believes the Saanich Police department is in a "clear conflict of interest" and so he has asked for an investigation by a different police force.
"The information provided to me causes me great concern about my private communications and the private communications of citizens contacting me," he said, adding he will correspond in future with constituents through a privately-managed e-mail account. The mayor would not take media questions.
Mr. Atwell, who stressed that he was elected as an outsider to bring change to City Hall, has already generated controversy in his short tenure. City council has protested his decision to terminate the city's chief administrative officer shortly after he was elected. Councillors released a public statement last month saying the decision was taken without their knowledge, and will cost Saanich taxpayers $475,000 in severance.
This article is over 4 years old
An anonymous student at Imperial College London has made 30,000 dogecoin by surreptitiously setting the university computers to work each night
A student at London's Imperial College has been using his university's computers to mine Dogecoin, the meme-based cryptocurrency.
According to the bitcoin news site Coindesk, the anonymous student has been accessing Imperial's computer lab every evening and setting the computers to work, using their processing power to run the algorithms that bring new Dogecoins into existence.
“I've not had a single issue yet,” he told Coindesk's Kadhim Shubber, “so I've kept scaling up! It seems they don't have anything set up to bring attention to the fact I'm maxing out the CPUs, which is nice.”
The student has reportedly made 30,000 Dogecoin in the mining operations so far, worth around £20.
Mining any cryptocurrency is a computationally expensive process, which not only renders the device unusable for other reasons but can rack up electricity bills and put computers at risk of overheating. For that reason many establishments ban the use of shared computers to mine the currency.
The problems at Imperial College follow Harvard University, where a student was disciplined in February for mining Dogecoin using the university's Odyssey supercomputer.
The university permanently blocked the individual in question from all research computing facilities, saying their actions were “strictly prohibited for fairly obvious reasons”.
• Bitcoin being used to trade child abuse material, IWF warns
Family members are asking the public for help in identifying the murderer.
Police are investigating the murder of a transgender woman and her friend.
Shante Isaac — identified by local TV station KTRK by a male name — and friend Willie Sims died of multiple wounds Sunday night at a Houston residence.
Isaac, a transgender woman known as Shante to friends, was on the phone with mother Leola Thompson just before the attack. The victims, both 34, were discovered around 11:15 p.m.
"He said, 'I'll call you right back, I'll call you right back,'" Thompson told KTRK.
The murder weapon was initially believed to be a gun. However, police, after arriving on the scene, are now investigating what may have caused the victims' multiple wounds.
"The boy that was trying to protect my brother got shot, and my brother got hit in the head with something, like a crowbar from the car," said Isaac's sister, Jessica Thompson.
The crime, which occurred at the onset of National Crime Victims' Rights Week, sparked outcry from LGBT groups. Chuck Smith, the CEO of Equality Texas, pointed to the transphobic and homophobic fearmongering that has "engulfed" Houston in the past few years. Anti-LGBT scare tactics in local media most notably resulted in the the repeal of the pro-LGBT Houston Equal Rights Ordinance in 2015.
"The rhetoric is fueling an atmosphere of hate in Houston and Texas and across the country that is causing innocent Texans to be beaten and killed,” said Smith in a statement. “This rhetoric is unacceptable and has real consequences for real Texans who are victims of hate crimes.”
Anyone with information about this crime is encouraged to call (713) 222-TIPS.
Issac is at least the eighth known transgender person killed in the U.S. this year — the vast majority of whom have been trans women of color. Last month, a transgender woman named Quartney Davia Dawsonn-Yoachum was killed in what police believe was a domestic dispute on Los Angeles's "Skid Row," while Jasmine Sierra was found dead in January in Bakersfield, Calif. In February, 30-year-old Louisiana trans man Demarkis Stansberry was shot to death, the same month that police shot and killed 24-year-old Arizona trans man Kayden Clarke in his own home. In the span of 24 hours in late February, Philadelphia police discovered the bodies of two transgender women, including 25-year-old Maya Young and Veronica Banks Cano. Texas trans woman Monica Loera was the first known trans person killed in the U.S. this year, shot to death in her own home on January 22.
Hillary Clinton held a Monday press conference in which she addressed the recent bombs planted in New York City and New Jersey, telling reporters outside her campaign plane that the Islamic State terror group has “seized” and amplified Donald Trump's rhetoric.
The press conference in White Plains, N.Y., came as authorities announced they are seeking a person of interest in the mostly unsuccessful bomb attacks: Ahmad Khan Rahami, a 28-year-old U.S. citizen who was born in Afghanistan.
“We choose resolve, not fear,” Clinton said on the tarmac.
A reporter asked Clinton whether she believed foreign terror groups could be trying to influence the U.S. election by plotting attacks that would shift support to Trump.
“I don't want to speculate, but here's what we know: We know that a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from Donald Trump has been seized on by terrorists, in particular ISIS,” Clinton said.
Clinton said ISIS uses Trump's past statements to argue that the U.S. is waging a war against an entire religion instead of against a terror group. The GOP nominee once advocated stopping all Muslims from entering the U.S., but has since muddled his position.
“They want to use that to recruit more fighters to their cause by turning this into a religious conflict,” she said. “That's why I've been very clear: We're going after the bad guys, and we're going to get them, but we're not going after a religion.”
“Secondly, we know that Donald Trump's comments have been used online for recruitment of terrorists,” Clinton continued, citing an analysis by former CIA Director Michael Hayden and Matt Olsen, the former head of the U.S. Counterterrorism Center. Clinton quoted Hayden calling Trump a “recruiting sergeant” for terrorists and Olsen saying Trump's rhetoric is giving “aid and comfort to our adversaries.”
Clinton argued that she is the only candidate in the race who has “been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield,” in the Situation Room. “I know how to do this,” she said.
She also briefly outlined her own plan to stop terror attacks by convincing Silicon Valley tech companies to help law enforcement intercept online recruiting. Clinton also said she would give more resources to local law enforcement agencies and step up the air campaign against ISIS. She then slammed Trump for saying he was keeping his anti-ISIS strategy private to avoid tipping off the terror group.
“You don't hear a plan from him,” she said of Trump. “He keeps saying he has a secret plan. Well, the secret is he has no plan.”
After a reporter asked Clinton whether this latest security threat could cause Americans to support Trump's tough immigration stance, she warned the public not to get “distracted and diverted” by campaign rhetoric. “I am absolutely in favor of and have long been an advocate for tough vetting,” Clinton said. “We need a better visa system. Let's remember what happened on 9/11. These were not refugees who got into airplanes and attacked our country and our city.”
For his part, Trump said Monday morning on Fox News that “we're going to have to be very tough” against ISIS and “knock the hell out of them.”
_____
Related slideshows:
Slideshow: Explosive devices found in Elizabeth, New Jersey >>>
Slideshow: ‘Substantial' police presence in NYC following Chelsea explosion >>>
Slideshow: Pipe bomb explodes at Jersey Shore >>>
Slideshow: Explosion in New York City's Chelsea neighborhood >>>
The Problem: I am a keyboard person. I love to use the keyboard to navigate through webpage and scroll up/down the content. It becomes a hassle when I have to shift my hand to the mouse every time I want to click a link or select an item.
The Solution: Need to bind a keyboard shortcut for the left mouse click, and probably move the cursor around.
Apparently, this is very easy in Ubuntu (probably in other Gnome based distro too). Many tutorials will tell you to install xbindkeys and go through complex steps to map the shortcut key.
Here is one quick and dirty way:
1. Go to System Settings. Click on the Universal Access button.
2. Go to the Pointing and Clicking tab.
3. Under the “Mouse Keys” section, turn the “Control the pointer using the keypad” to ON.
That's it. You can now move your mouse cursor around with the keypad and press ‘5' to activate the left mouse click. For right mouse click, you can use “Shift + F10”.
Note: This is just a quick and dirty trick. Once the option is turned ON, you won't be able to enter number via the keypad anymore, even when the NumLock button is ON. The good thing is, it can be turned ON/OFF easily.
Image credit: Big Stock Photo
When we first reviewed the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3, we were more than impressed. Not only was it the best Android tablet that had ever come out, but it even stood up to Apple's iPad Pro – the only real competitor. In fact, the Tab S3's only fault was its high price tag, which seemed to punish Android lovers who didn't want to succumb to to beckon of iOS. Since its original release, however, it has dropped down a full £200 from £599 to £399.
That's a cracking bargain, especially considering that the newer Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 will set you back well over £500. Although the Tab S4 is, technically speaking, the superior machine, it's hard to recommend it over the Tab S3 because of its numerous shortcomings. It really wasn't the revolutionary upgrade from the Tab S3 that we'd been hoping for, with its outdated internals and various design flaws. If it's value for money you seek, the Galaxy Tab S3 is the better choice right now.
Buy now from John Lewis
Our original Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review continues below.
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review
It's a while since an Android tablet really gripped my attention. We're living in an era dominated by iPads after all, with Apple effectively owning the big-screen mobile experience. But Samsung's surprise announcement of the Galaxy Tab S3 at this year's MWC has piqued my interest once more.
It looks to be the biggest leap forward in the tablet game since the 9.7in iPad Pro landed back in 2015. It's a seriously strong contender for the Google Pixel C's crown, which otherwise remains the only Android tablet I'd ever really recommend.
The Galaxy Tab S3 doesn't look much different to Samsung's last premium tablet offering, the Galaxy Tab S2. It's still got that gorgeous 9.7in AMOLED display on the front (more on that later) and it's still seriously thin and lightweight. The big difference this year? Samsung lobs its enhanced S Pen in the box for free. And that's almost worth the price of admission alone.
READ NEXT: the Best tablets you can buy today
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: Price and competition
The Tab S3's obvious competition is Apple's new iPad. It's Apple's cheapest tablet offering, with prices starting at £339 - yet there's no sacrifice in performance, and its battery life is stellar. Basically, it's an affordable iPad, and people will flock to buy it.
For the Galaxy Tab S3, on the other hand, you'll have to fork out £599. That's £260 more than Apple's newest iPad, and £200 more than the 9.7in Galaxy Tab S2, which retailed for just £399 two years ago. I wouldn't go putting all the blame on Brexit, though: there's a decent set of improvements inside to justify that price bump.
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: Specs
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 Processor Quad-core 2.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Octa-core 1.9GHz Exynos Octa 5433 RAM 4GB RAM 3GB RAM Display 9.7in 2,048 x 1,536 AMOLED 9.7in 2,048 x 1,536 AMOLED Storage 32GB 32GB Battery 6,000mAh 5,870mAh Android version Android 7.0 Nougat Android 5.0 Lollipop
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: Display and sound
Now, let's get to the thing you first see when you crack open the box - that stunning display. The 9.7in screen completely dominates the front of the Tab S3, despite those reasonably chunky side bezels. Surprisingly, there's no change in resolution, which remains at 2,048 x 1,536, but the screen does now support HDR content. It's seriously bright too, at a maximum 301cd/m2 - and as it's an AMOLED display, its contrast and colour coverage are both excellent.`
What does that mean in practice? The Tab S3 is well suited to outdoor use, even in near direct sunlight, and anything you watch on it - from Netflix to YouTube - will look positively stunning. Colours are remarkably crisp, and images are filled with punchy detail. If you're after something for on-the-go media consumption and Facebook feed scrolling, this is it.
Sound, meanwhile, is provided by a four-speaker arrangement. All of the quad-speaker tablets we've seen so far – the iPad Pro 12.9in, the iPad Pro 9.7in and the Huawei M2 10 – have sounded great, and Samsung hits this one out of the park. Audio quality is excellent, and thanks to an AKG-branded “quad-stereo” array, which automatically detects the orientation you're holding the tablet in, you get a proper stereo image in both landscape and portrait modes.
Buy now from John Lewis
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: S-pen and keyboard
The attraction of this tablet lies partly in its optional keyboard and bundled S-Pen stylus. The keyboard (which we haven't yet tried for ourselves) attaches via a magnetic pogo-pin connection on the left edge of the tablet, folding over and propping up the tablet just like the iPad Pro 9.7in's Smart Keyboard. It also doubles as a case when it's not in use; it's a neat accessory, but an expensive one at £119. Expect a review in due course.
As for the stylus, it's Samsung's most advanced S-Pen yet, with a smaller tip than ever, measuring just 0.7mm across. While I'm certainly no artist, I found it lovely to write with on the Galaxy Tab S3's screen. My favourite thing about it is a new feature called Screen Off Memo, which allows you to scribble quick notes on the screen without having to unlock the tablet or even turn it on.
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: Performance and battery life
How about those internals? The Galaxy Tab S3 gets a bump up from its predecessor to a spec that's decent by today's standards, if not cutting edge. A quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor runs the show – a little behind the times in smartphone terms, perhaps, but the overall experience is lightning quick.
Buy now from John Lewis
That's reflected in a Geekbench 4 multi-core result of 4,208 and a single-core score of 1,751. Obviously, the Tab S3 blazes past Google's Pixel C and the older Tab S2, but is marginally bested by Apple's new iPad, with its 4,204 and 2,490 scores.
There's also 4GB of RAM, 32GB of built-in storage and a microSD slot for expansion, which will take cards up to 256GB in size. A 4G/LTE model is available too, promising download speeds of up to 300Mbits/sec for road warriors.
While the battery is slightly larger than the Tab S2's, the bump to 6,000mAh doesn't seem to have paid off. The S3 lasted 11hrs 43mins in our continuous video playback test with the screen set to 170cd/m2 - that's nearly three hours short of the Tab S2's 14hrs 33mins, and further behind the new iPad's 14hrs 47mins. That Snapdragon 830 must be pretty power-hungry; on the upside, it recharges speedily via the USB-C port on the bottom.
Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: Verdict
The Galaxy Tab S2 was already great, but the S3 really kicks things up a notch. With its speedy performance, bundled S-Pen and pixel-perfect display, it's a very nice tablet indeed.
Unfortunately, that absurdly high price has to be taken into consideration. Prior to the announcement, I'd have guessed a price of under £500, to undercut Apple's 9.7in iPad Pro. Asking punters to pay £260 more than the cost of a new iPad feels like a greedy gamble that might not pay off.
Even so, Samsung's Galaxy Tab S3 is undeniably an impressive device. If you've got the cash at hand (lucky you) and prefer to stick with Android, rather than following the iPad crowd, the Tab S3 is definitely the tablet for you.
A turban themed Halloween costume drew the ire of the Sikh Coalition for resembling Osama Bin Laden a bit too closely for comfort.
Huffington Post reported that the Sikh group wrote letters to retailers selling the costume, including Amazon and Walmart, saying the costume perpetuated "negative stereotypes about turbans and beards that have led to violence and discrimination against Sikhs and other minorities."
In a statement to Huffington Post, Rajdeep Singh, Director of Law and Policy at The Sikh Coalition, said:
"If you lost a loved one during the 9/11 attacks or during our nation's war against Al Qaeda, or if someone attacked your father in a hate crime because he wears a turban, I doubt this costume would make you comfortable."
The Coalition provided a photo of Osama Bin Laden wearing a similar outfit side by side with the photo of the costume to show the resemblance.
The costume, manufactured by Fun World, is no longer for sale at either Walmart.com or Amazon.com. URLs for the product listing now point to broken link pages.
However, the item still appears to be on sale at Sears and Rite Aid.
Sikh Americans face significant ignorance about their religion, with about 70 percent of Americans assuming they are of the Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist or Shinto faiths.
Sikhism was founded over 500 years ago. There are over 20 million Sikhs around the world, making it the world's fifth largest religion.
Removing the turban is considered sacrilegious and shameful by some Sikhs.
The "Turban Beard Adult Halloween Instant Costume" isn't the only controversial outfit in this year's mass produced Halloween lineup.
On Friday, Walmart also removed a "Naughty Leopard" outfit from its shelves, according to the NY Daily News. While the "naughty" title is not an unusual addition to costume names, this one touched a nerve because it was made for toddlers.
Do you think the "Turban" costume crosses a line? Leave a comment below.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh says he can work with Donald Trump despite their campaign clashes — and adds that Boston could benefit from Trump's push to keep jobs in the United States, saying he would forge a relationship with the president-elect despite concerns over his actions during and after the campaign.
“You can't hold grudges in this business, you just can't — there's a day when you need something,” Walsh said in a Herald interview yesterday, adding that he thinks Trump will also let bygones be bygones. “You can't take it personally. I don't think he's going to take it personally, it doesn't seem like it.”
And while Walsh has said he's concerned with some of Trump's Cabinet appointments — two weeks ago singling out Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt's selection as head of the Environmental Protection Agency — he thinks Trump would be pragmatic in how he works with Boston and other large cities. His goals for keeping job from leaving the country in particular could align with Boston's economy, Walsh said, and a successful Boston would benefit a Trump White House.
“Having companies that want to invest in cities, bring more manufacturing to cities, that's kind of what Trump's talking about, keeping more manufacturing in the United States of America,” Walsh said. “If companies want to stay, they want to stay in a place with a talented workforce. There are not many more cities as talented as Boston with a workforce that educated. The White House needs cities to be successful.”
Walsh, a longtime Hillary Clinton supporter, repeatedly spoke out against Trump during the presidential campaign and last year said Trump would have to apologize for denigrating Mexican immigrants if he wanted to build a hotel in Boston. Trump fired back, saying that if Walsh did not apologize to him, “voters should vote him the hell out of office.”
Walsh said he was concerned about the “uneasy, unsettling” political climate since Trump's election, and said the president-elect had encouraged bad behavior on the campaign trail. But Walsh said Trump is moderating his tone, and he plans to reach out to Trump after he is inaugurated next month.
Meanwhile, as Walsh prepares for his re-election campaign in 2017, he said the 2016 presidential race and Clinton's campaign offered an important lesson: Don't assume anything.
“You can't take anything for granted, no matter who your opponent is,” Walsh said.
While District 7 Councilor Tito Jackson has been mentioned as a potential opponent, Jackson has not declared his candidacy. Walsh said his record would stand up against any challenger, and said he was confident about his support in minority neighborhoods.
“Go with me to Roxbury next time I go, tell me how you think the people of Roxbury feel about me,” Walsh said.
Predicting the next wicket in a T20 match using machine learning
I have been thinking about ways of apply machine learning to predictions related to cricket. Last two blog posts; Predicting outcome and Predicting score were not totally new since that work has also been done a few times before. I wanted to come up with something unique that has not been done before in the context of cricket. This blog post is about predicting the next wicket in a t20 match using machine learning. This is an interesting read, lets dive right in.
Predicting next wicket in a T20 match using machine learning
Machine learning can also be called pattern finding. Humans are not very good at finding patterns in many things. The purpose of this project was to see if a machine learning model can find patterns in ways cricket players get out in t20. I came up with some very interesting results.
Data
The data set I use is of 400 International T20 matches excluding matches of teams like Oman, UAE, Afghanistan.
Features
First of all, we have two values “Previous Balls” and “Next Balls” that corresponds to how many previous balls are we giving to our machine learning model and in how many Next Balls does our model have to tell us about whether a player will get out or not. I tried different values and found Previous Balls = 18(3 overs) and Next Balls=6 to be optimal. This means that our machine learning model is given the information about last 18 balls and is asked to predict whether any player will get out in the net 6 balls. This is a binary classification problem.
The features for this problem are pretty cool. Lets take a look at them.
Score of each ball in last 18 balls (Values can be 0,1,2,3,4,6)
Wicket in each of last 18 balls (Binary variable with length 18)
Overs going right now
Team Playing
Opposition Team
Home Ground or Not
Chasing or Not
Total wickets in the match till now
Regions where each ball from last 18 balls went (8 regions in the pitch).
The reason for giving score and wicket for all balls is that we want to let the classifiers find patterns. Therefore, we are just providing them with raw data. Another reason is that neural networks are capable of learning features given the data and labels.
Some other features that I also tried were Ball Speed of each ball, Ball Variation of each ball. I removed these features since not each match had data for these features.
Feature Calculation
We start with the 18th ball in the first innings and for each iteration, we take 18 balls as our previous balls and 6 balls next to our 18 balls as next balls. We check if there is a wicket in our next balls and if there is, we make our label 1. Otherwise, it stays 0. We do the same for second innings but the chasing variable is set to 1 here. We do this for both innings and this is how we calculate features from a match. For each match, we have 0-20 positive labels (0-20 wickets in a match) and others remain 0.
Soft Classification
I tried a large number of classifiers for this problem but I ended up using just Random Forests and Feed forward neural networks.
One thing to note is that I did not rely on classifier's accuracy since that was coming out to be bad. But when I looked at the probabilities for each decision, there was a clear distinction between probabilities for 0 and 1 labels. If the probability of 0 was more than 90%, it was indeed 0 in the data but if it was less than 90%, then it was mostly 1 which means the player got out there.
Our classification was done by assigning 1 whenever the probability of assigning 0 by the model is less than 88% and 0 otherwise.
Results
After feature extraction, we have over 50,000 rows of data. We split the data randomly in 70% training set and 30% test set. I wanted to see the results on a large data, so I kept the test data to 30%.
Accuracy: 82-85% (Remained in this range with both classifiers with and without a few features removed)
True Positives: 39%. This is our most important metric. These were the values that our model predicted as a wicket and there was indeed a wicket. We were able to correctly predict a wicket 411 times out of 1050 times.
True Negatives: 87% (These were the values where our model said that there was going to be a wicket and there was no wicket). We were able to correctly predict that no wicket would occur 14102 out of 16174
These results seem very abstract. Lets run the model and find the wickets in a few matches.
Results for a single match
I selected this match for our test match and ran the model after extracting features from this match's data. This match was not included in the training data. The results we get are:
Match Link: http://www.espncricinfo.com/twenty20wc/engine/match/287875.html
True Positives: 50%. Out of 16 outs, our model predicted 8 correctly.
True Negatives: 89%
Predicted Outs:
The balls where our model predicted an out in the next 6 balls are:
Banglandesh Innings: Over 2.1, 8.5, 9.6, 14.2, 14.5, 18.1
Pakistan Innings: Over 8.1, 14.3
The following graph sums up the results.
This was an exciting project and the results seem very convincing to me. I believe we can do a lot more stuff using such techniques.
Let me know about your opinions in the comments.
Remember the coolest cooler? It was a cooler with a speaker, a blender, big wheels, USB power, lights and more. Sony is releasing its own version of the coolest cooler! Here it is, a weirdly shaped TV remote that comes with a built-in speaker, making it the least practical TV remote in the world.
As you can see on the picture, the company is targeting the Japanese market with this device as everything is written in Japanese. And did I tell you that this remote weighs nearly a pound?
The idea is that sometimes you want to listen to something that's on the TV but you're not actually watching the TV. Maybe you are cooking for example, or playing with your kids. With this Frankenstein-inspired device, you can carry a TV speaker with you and become the worst parent ever!
The remote comes with a base station that you connect to your TV in order to transmit the audio recharge the device. It's got a battery life of 16 hours.
Sony says that this device is particularly useful when there's a lot of noise going around you. Instead of having to crank up the volume, you can put the speaker right next to you.
But let's be honest, this device looks ridiculous and impractical in every possible way. Now that we live in a world of time-shifted TV and streaming services, hitting the pause button seems much better than spending $160 on this gigantic remote.
[gallery ids="1200791,1200792,1200793,1200794,1200795,1200796"]
Claim: Lou Pritchett penned an “open letter” to President Obama.
CORRECTLY ATTRIBUTED
Example: [Collected via e-mail, May 2009]
AN OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA AN OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA Dear President Obama: You are the thirteenth President under whom I have lived and unlike any of the others, you truly scare me. You scare me because after months of exposure, I know nothing about you. You scare me because I do not know how you paid for your expensive Ivy League education and your upscale lifestyle and housing with no visible signs of support. You scare me because you did not spend the formative years of youth growing up in America and culturally you are not an American. You scare me because you have never run a company or met a payroll. You scare me because you have never had military experience, thus don't understand it at its core.. You scare me because you lack humility and ‘class', always blaming others. You scare me because for over half your life you have aligned yourself with radical extremists who hate America and you refuse to publicly denounce these radicals who wish to see America fail. You scare me because you are a cheerleader for the ‘blame America' crowd and deliver this message abroad. You scare me because you want to change America to a European style country where the government sector dominates instead of the private sector. You scare me because you want to replace our health care system with a government controlled one. You scare me because you prefer ‘wind mills' to responsibly capitalizing on our own vast oil, coal and shale reserves. You scare me because you want to kill the American capitalist goose that lays the golden egg which provides the highest standard of living in the world. You scare me because you have begun to use ‘extortion' tactics against certain banks and corporations. You scare me because your own political party shrinks from challenging you on your wild and irresponsible spending proposals. You scare me because you will not openly listen to or even consider opposing points of view from intelligent people. You scare me because you falsely believe that you are both omnipotent and omniscient. You scare me because the media gives you a free pass on everything you do. You scare me because you demonize and want to silence the Limbaughs, Hannitys, O'Relllys and Becks who offer opposing, conservative points of view. You scare me because you prefer controlling over governing. Finally, you scare me because if you serve a second term I will probably not feel safe in writing a similar letter in 8 years. Lou Pritchett
Origins: Lou Pritchett is a former vice president of Procter & Gamble whose career at that company spanned 36 years before his retirement in 1989, and he is the author of the 1995 business book, Stop Paddling & Start Rocking the Boat.
Mr. Pritchett confirmed to us that he was indeed the author of the much-circulated “open letter” quoted above:
I did write the ‘you scare me' letter. I sent it to the NY Times but they never acknowledged or published it. However, it hit the internet and according to the ‘experts' has had over 500,000 hits.
In April 2012, the following update was added to the original:
In April 2009, I sent President Obama and the New York Times a letter
titled “You Scare Me” because, as a candidate, he promised to
“fundamentally transform America.” Now, after observing his performance
for over three years, he no longer scares me — he terrifies me for the
following reasons: In April 2009, I sent President Obama and the New York Times a lettertitled “You Scare Me” because, as a candidate, he promised to“fundamentally transform America.” Now, after observing his performancefor over three years, he no longer scares me — he terrifies me for thefollowing reasons: FIRST– He has done more to damage America's standing in the world, to
lower the standard of living in America, to impoverish future generations
and to shake our faith in the country's future than any other American
president in history. SECOND– With a compliant Democrat congress, a lapdog media and a weak,
almost nonexistent Republican opposition, he has shattered the American
dream of job security, home ownership and rugged individualism for
millions of Americans and has poisoned and divided our civil society with
his politics of envy, class warfare, race warfare, and religious warfare
which he is using as fundamental building blocks for his ‘socialist'
agenda. THIRD– culturally, he remains totally out of touch with traditional
American values. This has absolutely nothing to do with race or where he
was born, rather it has everything to do with where, how and with whom he
was raised, schooled, educated, trained and associates with still today. FOURTH– he has surrounded himself with naive academicians, lawyers,
politicians, bureaucrats and socialist leaning czars who arrogantly think
and behave exactly as he does.
People who offer no balanced suggestions or devils advocate positions and
think in lock step with him that big government is the answer to all our
problems. FIFTH– he not only encourages but aids and abets the unionization of all
American industry, the albatross around the neck of the free market. In
turn, they provide the money and muscle to intimidate his opponents. SIXTH– he has increased the national debt by over 30% in just three
years. If re-elected and this rate of increase continues, America will be
burdened with an unsustainable 20 trillion dollar debt which will result
in the Country's financial death. Recovery will be impossible —- America
will be the Greece of 2016. SEVENTH– given his fanatical beholding to the ‘environmental' and
‘man-caused global warming' fringe, he has deliberately discouraged U.S.
fossil fuel exploration and production while wasting millions of tax payer
dollars on solar, wind and algae experiments. He refuses to accept that
oil, gas and coal are not America's enemies, they are America's assets
which, properly managed, could make us energy independent within a
generation. EIGHTH– He views the U.S. as a power in retreat which abused its World
dominance. Therefore he systematically apologizes round the world. Last
March he whispered to Russian President Medvedev “–this is my last
election. After my election, I have more flexibility”. Just what is the
secret that Obama and Putin are concealing from the American people until
after the election? With what other leaders has he made similar secret
agreements? NINTH—and finally, after all his mis-steps, bad decision making, poor
management, and zero leadership, the fact that he has the audacity to seek
re-election should terrify every American.
I predict that if re-elected, future historians and political interpreters
will look back at the eight year period 2008-2016, and conclude “the 44th
President of the U.S. allowed the takers to overpower the payers which
resulted in the greatest economy in history vanishing from the face of the
Earth”. Lou Pritchett April 15, 2012
Farewell America, the World will really miss you!
No similar apps have been recommended yet. You can add your suggestions to the right.
No similar apps have been recommended yet. You can add your suggestions to the right.
SelfControl is a free, open-source application for OS X 10.5 Leopard or later that lets you block your own access to distracting websites, your mail servers, or anything else on the Internet. Just set a period of time to block for, add sites to your blacklist, and click "Start." Until that timer expires, you will be unable to access those sites--even if you restart your computer or delete the application.
Is SelfControl really the best app in Productivity category?
Is there a better alternative to SelfControl?
Learn how MacUpdate Desktop can install apps on MacUpdate with the simple click of the icon. Plus, keep all your apps updated.
Thank you for your review
Like this app? Be the first to add it to a collection!
Create a Collection by bringing together complementary apps that have a common theme or purpose, then share it and discover new collections!
+
Create a Collection
End a Codependent Relationship the Healthy Way
It's not a good idea to label yourself codependent, unless you plan to do something constructive about it.
Because labels don't empower you; they reinforce the undesired effect.
Codependency is, however, a label of our time. So many facets of society are codependent. It's usually synonymous with romance, too.
Codependency is so ubiquitous that first of all, it's hard to recognize. Secondly, it's hard to end it — the healthy way.
How to determine if a relationship is codependent
You need to do three things to determine if a relationship you're in is codependent:
1. Educate yourself on codependency
Learn about what codependency is, and why it's so fatal. If you're looking for helpful books on the topic, I recommend Codependent No More by Melody Beattie, and Co-Dependence: Misunderstood–Mistreated, by Anne Wilson Schaef. You need to educate yourself until you have a working definition of codependency in your own words that you understand and cannot misinterpret. So that you can then measure your life experience against that definition, in step #2.
2. Be honest about how you relate to others and yourself
Understanding codependency at an intellectual level doesn't do you much good. You have to be willing to see traces of it in your own life and behavior. And you have to be willing to acknowledge all of your emotions, even if you've trained yourself to stuff them for years. You need to recognize your codependent behaviors so that you can choose more functional and healthier ones.
It's natural to go back and forth between self-education and self-honesty; each informs the other.
3. Be mindful of how you use the label
The whole point of using the label “codependency” is to quickly identify dysfunctional behaviors and assertively reprogram them. In other words, the whole point is so that you take care of yourself. It's empowering to refer to the label only when you're ready to move on from it. (We'll cover how to determine when you're ready in a later section.) Keep in mind that codependency can have strong connotations that can easily place you as powerless, bad, victim or weak. If you label yourself as such, it will only cause you more grief and prevent you from taking care of yourself and getting in touch with your true power — which is essential for ending a codependent relationship.
You need to use the label wisely to ensure that you're being constructive with it. Step #3 impacts both #1 and #2.
Hints for determining if a relationship is codependent
Codependent relationships are virtually everywhere. (Especially in Disney princess movies and cheesy chick flicks.)
Here are twelve signs that you're relating to someone in your life codependently:
You feel like you cannot live without the other person. As in, you're certain you wouldn't have any reason to go on (even after recovering from the heartbreak).
You're convinced you need the other person to be happy. Yes, we all need to be connected to people in order to be happy (that makes us human). But there's no one person that you absolutely need in order to breathe (unless it's a rare and extreme situation).
You feel trapped by the relationship, and that if you do something for yourself (like change or grow), you'll be horrible for abandoning them.
You feel guilty about moving on from the person, because after all, they've done so much for you in the past. And they'd crumble up and wither away with you.
You want to save the other person in some way. You're certain that you're the best person for the job of savior because you love and truly understand them. But the person doesn't want saving, is resistant to your help, or acts like they care but then continually sabotages all your efforts.
You tolerate mistreatment or abuse from the other person because you love them too damn much, and you're stronger than this, better than this. It's a royal rationalization.
You repeatedly tell yourself that if you hang on long enough, they'll change, take your advice, see the light, and finally love you the way you deserve. And boy when that happens, it will have been worth it, because they will be gold. In the meantime though, it's back to living hell.
You feel as if you can never stop the other person from hurting you — that you have a life sentence of pain and betrayal. And you might even make excuses for why you deserve this treatment, or at least have to put up with it.
You feel like you can never get out of the relationship. Meaning, if you tell the other person to leave you alone, they will pester you and try to leech themself back into your life until they've succeeded or made life so miserable for you that it ends in a volcanic emotional eruption.
You have mixed feelings about the person on a regular basis. You simultaneously love and hate them. Or you feel empowered yet disempowered by the relationship. That's your being in denial of the bad times, and hoping that the good times will make them go away — which won't happen.
You're depressed or sad for no reason. That is until you're off on your own or with other people who care about you and respect your boundaries.
You cry uncontrollably for no reason. You've gotten so out of touch with the pain that you can't name it anymore and it violently thrashes your body.
You continually fantasize about life without the other person. Or you can't stop from dreaming about it in your sleep.
You start to develop addictions that before weren't an issue. And when you're away from the person, suddenly it's a non-issue.
What it takes to end a codependent relationship
Knowing how codependency manifests in your own life is not a good enough reason to end the relationship. In fact, knowledge will never be enough motivation to do so.
The motivation has to come from your gut, your pain.
You'll need to be pushed and pricked and shoved so hard — that you finally recognize how toxic the situation is.
And the only way to recognize that, is through your anger.
In order to end a codependent relationship, you need to be intimately connected to your anger. Your anger gives you the fuel to reclaim yourself after you've continually given yourself away.
Why connecting to your anger is key
Codependency comes from a lack of boundaries.
Read the literature enough, you'll see that all the symptoms trace back to lack of physical, mental, psychological, or emotional boundaries. Which usually originates from the family environment.
Codependency comes from believing that you need to be connected to a dysfunctional person that treats you in dysfunctional ways — for whatever reason. And it comes from being so sure that you can't lay down a boundary because if you do, the sky will fall and you can forget about ever being happy again.
Anger, on the other hand, is nature's signal that a boundary has been encroached upon, or violated.
When you listen to your anger, form a bond with it, and work with it constructively — you naturally pay more attention to your boundaries or lack of them. And you set and maintain healthy boundaries to protect yourself.
And guess what? That kind of behavior is the complete opposite of codependency.
Codependency is all about boundaries
Relationships are only healthy when both individuals have healthy personal boundaries.
When the personal boundaries aren't healthy, break down, or don't exist — it's a codependent relationship.
When the boundaries are healthy, breathable, and strong — it's an interdependent relationship.
So the key to ending a codependent relationship is using your anger to set and maintain healthy personal boundaries that protect your livelihood and well-being.
How not to end a codependent relationship
But simply getting in touch with your anger and being cognizant of the boundaries you lack, do have, and desperately need — still isn't enough.
Well, it's enough to end a codependent relationship, but not enough to end it the healthy way.
Here's how not to end a codependent relationship (unless it's a life-threatening situation or you have no other choice), because it's ultimately unhealthy:
Blaming it all on the other person's dysfunctions before distancing yourself
Cutting the other person out of your life without first telling them how you feel wronged by them
Cutting the other person out of your life without warning, ultimatum, or giving them a chance to work with you first
Deliberately hurting them in the process of ending it; it can't be about revenge and still be healthy
Not being direct with them about why you're ending it, but trying to be nice to protect their feelings instead
Ending it in a passive aggressive way — that is, doing it in a roundabout but surefire way that's supposedly less painful to them, you, or both of you (but not)
Having someone else end it for you
Simply running away
Why ending a codependent relationship — the healthy way — is tricky
Ending a codependent relationship in any of the above ways isn't healthy and can actually do more damage than good.
That's because it's setting a boundary (i.e. ending the relationship) in such a way that's motivated by fear. Like fear of sticking around and being continually let down.
You can't set a boundary because of fear and expect for it to last. Or expect for it to be sensible or well-reasoned in the first place. Very rarely do fear-based decisions end up as constructive ones.
But there's also a deeper fear that's involved when ending the relationship in one of the above ways.
Don't fall back into codependency at the last minute
Let's back up a few steps.
Once you've educated yourself on codependency and noticed your codependent patterns, you've done something pretty amazing.
You've transformed your awareness and how you relate to yourself.
And as a direct result of this, you've transformed how you view the other person. You can no longer see them as your only hope for love and/ or happiness. You can no longer paint them as a saint, or a damsel in distress.
Instead, you see the other person as someone who is not very healthy in how they behave or how they treat you. Now you have to be very careful here. Because you can easily see them as the enemy. The reason that you got so messed up. The trigger for your pain. Guilty, while you're innocent.
For a time, that's the healthiest thing to do — early on. Not when you're about to end the relationship. But when you're still figuring things out and emoting.
You also have to be careful because you can convince yourself that you're now above codependency. Which makes you see the other person as unhealthy with the disease — and you exempt.
This is the trap of healing from codependency — ending the relationship in an abrupt and emotional way in order to get rid of the “problem” (the other person, who's codependent). Without acknowledging and taking response ability for how you co-created or enabled that problem in the first place. And possibly breaking your heart in the process. Or doing something that you won't be able to undo later on and will regret for the rest of your life.
If you try to banish the trigger, you may have gotten rid of the person, but you haven't healed the problem.
You're problem. That you're still codependent because frankly, you don't know how to end it without doing it in one of the above unhealthy ways.
How to end a codependent relationship the healthy way
You end a codependent relationship, the healthy way, by transforming your behavior.
A relationship requires two people.
A codependent relationship automatically ends when you stop relating to the other person in codependent ways — regardless of whether you actually “end” the relationship, or if it naturally falls apart.
A codependent relationship automatically ends when you develop a healthy, working relationship with your anger (in other words, yourself) and use that relationship as a springboard for creating and maintaining sound personal boundaries that protect you.
If you're trying to end it in a more dramatic way — by cutting things off — it's actually codependent.
Avoid codependency relapse by staying with your pain
Because you're trying to control the situation. You're trying to end your pain with force.
The whole point of healing from codependency is to finally feel your pain! To finally listen not only to your anger, but the deep wounds that lurk beneath it.
So don't get rid of the other person just to avoid being reminded of how much they have hurt you, how vulnerable you are, and how horribly you can be hurt — for the rest of your entire life. Just work on yourself instead. Keep your relationship with you strong, and your other relationships will naturally fall into place.
The gift of codependency
End a codependent relationship not by focusing on separating from the other person, but by reconnecting with who you are.
When you really heal from codependency, you see the frailty of humanity. You see how delicate you are, and how chaotic and dangerous that means life can be.
But in the end, that makes you stronger. And it gives you the power to love yourself and others with a strength you otherwise wouldn't have.
This is the fourth article in the series, “Codependency and You.” (Not to be confused with the article category: “Codependency.”) Are there any other articles on the topic that you'd like to see?
Legendary TV talk show host Byron Allen is taking on Al Sharpton, President Obama, and the most powerful media corporations in the world in a battle to spotlight the crisis at the heart of American race relations. It's a daunting mission. But for some reason he doesn't sound scared.
Allen told The Daily Caller that top media interests are actively freezing out and in some cases destroying black-owned media companies — and they're paying Reverend-turned-MSNBC host Al Sharpton to give them racial cover to do it.
As for Washington politicians like Obama? According to Allen, they're bought out by the very same interests, and they're playing a part.
Allen, 53, is the chairman and CEO of the production company Entertainment Studios, which joined with the National Association of African-American Owned Media to file a $20 billion racial discrimination lawsuit this week against Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Sharpton's National Action Network, the NAACP, the Urban League, and former FCC commissioner Meredith Attwell Baker. Allen and his fellow plaintiff also filed a $10 billion suit against AT&T and DirectTV.
“It's cheaper to give Al Sharpton money than it is to do business with real African-American owned media,” Allen told TheDC. “What Comcast does is they give Al Sharpton money so he doesn't call them racist. That is the issue here.”
It's an issue that Allen, the cool longtime host of shows like “Real People” and “Entertainers,” talks about with off-the-air passion.
Comcast's more than $45 billion acquisition of Time Warner Cable is waiting on approval at the FCC, with a decision expected soon. If approved, the merger would make Comcast the most powerful media corporation in the world. But as Allen, who owns seven upstart cable networks, points out: Comcast pays out $11 billion in licensing fees to networks that it carries on its platform. How much of that money goes to 100 percent African-American owned media companies? $3 million. A fraction of one percent.
Sharpton's curious takeover of the 6 pm timeslot on Comcast-owned MSNBC in late 2010 was predicated on the Reverend signing off on Comcast's last merger: its historic acquisition of NBCUniversal, which the FCC and Department of Justice approved in January 2011 after a tough regulatory fight from California Rep. Maxine Waters on racial discrimination grounds. Comcast lavished donations upon Sharpton's National Action Network and other civil rights groups to get them to sign off on the deal, according to Allen's suit.
“Why is Sharpton on TV every night on MSNBC? Because he endorsed Comcast's acquisition of NBCUniversal. He signed the memorandum of understanding back in 2010. He endorsed the merger. Next thing you know we're watching him on television trying to form a sentence. Every night we have the privilege of watching adult illiteracy.”
“Al Sharpton is nothing more than a black pawn in a very sophisticated white economic chess game,” Allen continued. “He's not even bright enough to know he's on the chess board and he's being used by his white masters at Comcast, specifically [executive vice president] David Cohen and [chairman and CEO] Brian Roberts.”
AT&T, which is looking to acquire DirectTV for $67 billion including assumption of debt, also pays off Sharpton for racial cover, Allen said.
“I find it outstanding that AT&T is the biggest sponsor of Sharpton's 60th birthday party,” Allen said. “AT&T spent more money on Al Sharpton's birthday party than they have on 100 percent African-American owned media combined. [Sharpton] should return the money because AT&T doesn't even celebrate Martin Luther King Day as a national holiday. The employees there take it as a sick day.”
“Reverend Jesse Jackson, you were on the balcony when Martin Luther King was assassinated. Why are you taking money from AT&T? Why is Al Sharpton getting more money from AT&T than Ebony Magazine, which has been around for 70 years?”
“[Corporations] trick people like, ‘I got the diversity award.' Well, diversity is defined as women and white women.”
“My wife happens to be white and I ask her who is the white guy who speaks for all white people? You can't even think that. That idea is racist. That's wrong. So why do I have some black guy who speaks for me? Why is he cutting deals that somehow I don't benefit from but somehow he's on television every night?”
Sharpton's power, including his informal adviser role at the White House, is just part of the game.
“I think that Obama uses him to control the Negroes,” Allen said of Sharpton.
“DC has been taking payoffs. Comcast owns every politician in that town including President Obama,” Allen said, noting Comcast executives' fundraising for the president. “Obama has been bought and paid for.”
“President Obama, you control a couple billion dollars in advertising. What have you done to make sure African-American owned media is participating in government advertising? We got more respect from President Clinton.”
“Shame on you, President Obama,” Allen said. “I think African-Americans would have done much better with a white president. They are murdering us on the street and murdering us in the boardrooms.”
But maybe, Byron Allen just might be able to tell enough truth to change things.
“No one's ever called them out and said it's time to be accountable,” Allen said of the defendants in the case, stressing the need to fight for black ownership of media, so that black people can control their own image in the world.
“If we don't have an economic divide, you don't have the race issues you see today.”
Sharpton, for his part, told The Hollywood Reporter that he “welcomes the opportunity to answer the frivolous allegations.”
“We do not generally comment on pending litigation, but this complaint represents nothing more than a string of inflammatory, inaccurate, and unsupported allegations,” said Comcast.
Follow Patrick on Twitter
BLinD-RawR Profile Blog Joined April 2010 ALLEYCAT BLUES 43985 Posts #2
someone needs to post polls and PM them to me when the event is done. I won't be able to update thread todaysomeone needs to post polls and PM them to me when the event is done. Moderator Woo Jung Ho, never forget.| Twitter: @BLinDRawR
bovienchien Profile Joined March 2014 Vietnam 581 Posts #3 The last chance for Terran race! 3 gosus (Stork, Bisu, Jeadong) advanced Ro.8 only remain the God aka Flash. https://www.facebook.com/StarcraftRemasteredVN/
Crisium Profile Blog Joined February 2010 United States 1616 Posts #4 Yeah, as much as I'd like to see Rain make it, we need Terrans. Go Flash and Sea! Broodwar and Stork forever! List of BW players with most Ro16, Ro8: http://tinyurl.com/BWRo16-Ro8
BigFan Profile Blog Joined December 2010 TLADT 23520 Posts #5 On December 27 2016 15:19 Crisium wrote:
Yeah, as much as I'd like to see Rain make it, we need Terrans. Go Flash and Sea!
Thoughts alike. Flash and sea fighting! Thoughts alike. Flash and sea fighting! BW Editor-In-Chief "Watch Bakemonogatari or I will kill you." -Toad, April 18th, 2017
neobowman Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Canada 3319 Posts #6 I csnt stay up for this but I'll be watching the vods and catching up on this thread when I'm up. Send me your messages from the past folks
Let's go Terran! Let Sea get past the ro16 for once. Yum Bo Sung fighting! I love all the players but we really need some Terran. 2 Terran 2 Zerg 4 Toss isn't bad. AKA: DayNife on steam. HMU for things.
Caihead Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 8514 Posts #7 Please don't deny us TBLS flash "If you're not living in the US or are a US Citizen, please do not tell us how to vote or how you want our country to be governed." - Serpest, American Hero
Greg_J Profile Blog Joined July 2010 China 3949 Posts #8 Movie and Sea are going to struggle here. Rain looked so good in his first group games (also the only games I have ever seen him play).
valaki Profile Joined June 2009 Hungary 2368 Posts #9 My heart says Flash and Movie but my mind says Flash and Sea, we need terrans. ggaemo fan
bovienchien Profile Joined March 2014 Vietnam 581 Posts #10 On December 27 2016 16:13 valaki wrote:
My heart says Flash and Movie but my mind says Flash and Sea, we need terrans.
your mind is correct too ^^! your mind is correct too ^^! https://www.facebook.com/StarcraftRemasteredVN/
Genjimaru Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Canada 515 Posts #11 Need more old CJ players. Gogo Movie.
[[Starlight]] Profile Joined December 2013 United States 1571 Posts Last Edited: 2016-12-27 08:03:55 #12 On December 27 2016 15:19 Crisium wrote:
Yeah, as much as I'd like to see Rain make it, we need Terrans. Go Flash and Sea!
This. Even though I have a feeling it's going to be Flash and Rain advancing.
This. Even though I have a feeling it's going to be Flash and Rain advancing. User was warned for being hilarious
[[Starlight]] Profile Joined December 2013 United States 1571 Posts Last Edited: 2016-12-27 08:09:51 #13
BisuDagger: I'm extremely sick and just spent 9 hrs on the road, so I will not be casting. I'm passing out, but if someone can relay this to the day 4 LR i would appreciate it.
Does this mean no BD/FlashFTW cast, or rather a solo FlashFTW cast?
Oh and get better, BD. Sounds like Xmas was very unkind to you.
This in from BisuDagger, from the ASL Day 3 thread:Does this mean no BD/FlashFTW cast, or rather a solo FlashFTW cast?Oh and get better, BD. Sounds like Xmas was very unkind to you. User was warned for being hilarious
FlaShFTW Profile Blog Joined February 2010 United States 8205 Posts #14 On December 27 2016 17:06 [[Starlight]] wrote:
This in from BisuDagger, from the ASL Day 3 thread:
BisuDagger: I'm extremely sick and just spent 9 hrs on the road, so I will not be casting. I'm passing out, but if someone can relay this to the day 4 LR i would appreciate it.
Does this mean no BD/FlashFTW cast, or rather a solo FlashFTW cast?
Oh and get better, BD. Sounds like Xmas was very unkind to you.
This in from BisuDagger, from the ASL Day 3 thread:Does this mean no BD/FlashFTW cast, or rather a solo FlashFTW cast?Oh and get better, BD. Sounds like Xmas was very unkind to you.
I would be doing this but im stuck in san fran for now cause parents didnt give me a path down to san diego where all my equipment is :/ looks like were stuck with tastosis again for tonight.
Also Flash and Rain to advance, and with every group captain eliminated, the trend looks worrisome for sea I would be doing this but im stuck in san fran for now cause parents didnt give me a path down to san diego where all my equipment is :/ looks like were stuck with tastosis again for tonight.Also Flash and Rain to advance, and with every group captain eliminated, the trend looks worrisome for sea Writer #1 KT and FlaSh Fanboy || Woo Jung Ho Never Forget || Author of the SC:R Power Rank
Katsuge Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Singapore 7083 Posts #15 still waiting for the korean yt stream to be up...hmm 김태연 | 정은지 | ﻿아이유 | 한효주 | 이민정 <3 -|||- 소녀시대 에이핑크 사랑해!
bovienchien Profile Joined March 2014 Vietnam 581 Posts #16 On December 27 2016 18:54 Katsuge wrote:
still waiting for the korean yt stream to be up...hmm
why don't you watch English channel? why don't you watch English channel? https://www.facebook.com/StarcraftRemasteredVN/
TanGeng Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Sanya 6756 Posts #17 no FlashFTW & co casting no FlashFTW & co casting Moderator 我们是个踏实的赞助商模式俱乐部
Katsuge Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Singapore 7083 Posts Last Edited: 2016-12-27 10:01:40 #18 On December 27 2016 18:56 bovienchien wrote:
Show nested quote +
On December 27 2016 18:54 Katsuge wrote:
still waiting for the korean yt stream to be up...hmm
why don't you watch English channel? why don't you watch English channel?
i belong to the old school group who always watched it in full korean commentary when there was no english commentary and i can understand builds and pushes without needed english explanation :3 i belong to the old school group who always watched it in full korean commentary when there was no english commentary and i can understand builds and pushes without needed english explanation :3 김태연 | 정은지 | ﻿아이유 | 한효주 | 이민정 <3 -|||- 소녀시대 에이핑크 사랑해!
thezanursic Profile Blog Joined July 2011 5446 Posts #19 Flash and somebody else advance! http://i45.tinypic.com/9j2cdc.jpg Let it be so!
FlaShFTW Profile Blog Joined February 2010 United States 8205 Posts #20 here we gooooo Writer #1 KT and FlaSh Fanboy || Woo Jung Ho Never Forget || Author of the SC:R Power Rank
1 2 3 4 5 31 32 33 Next All
Contents show]
New Skins in the Store
The following skins were released along with this patch.
The following skins were announced and released on an earlier mini-patch on Friday, June 17.
This skin was announced on June 17 but was not available to purchase until Friday, June 24.
The following skins were released along with this patch, but were not available for purchase until Monday, June 27.
League of Legends v1.0.0.120
Champions
Molten Shield Fixed a bug where its damage wouldn't trigger if the damage done to Annie was absorbed by other shields.
Rocket Grab Blitzcrank will now attempt to immediately attack champions affected by a successful grab.
Feast A particle will now appear correctly on enemy targets when they can be killed by Feast.
Hate Spike Missile speed increased.
Shadow Walk Now apply a 30 / 35 / 40 / 45 / 50% slow for 3 seconds instead of a stun for 1 / 1. 25 / 1. 5 / 1. 75 / 2 seconds.
Malice and Spite Health restored reduced to 150 / 225 / 300 per kill or assist from 350 / 500 / 650. Attack speed bonus reduced to 25 / 50 / 75% from 50 / 75 / 100%.
Drain Range increased to 475 from 450. Heal is no longer reduced if the damage done to the target is shielded.
Dark Wind Base damage increased to 65 / 90 / 115 / 140 / 165 from 65 / 85 / 105 / 125 / 145.
Crowstorm Ability power ratio per second increased to 0. 45 from 0. 4 . Channel duration reduced to 1. 5 seconds from 2.
Idol of Durand Will now correctly increase its damage when the damage taken is absorbed by shields.
Grog-Soaked Blade Now applies a 7% slow instead of reducing healing and regeneration. Duration reduced to 3 seconds from 10. Poison magic damage changed to 3 + (1 × level) per second from 5 + (1 × level). Both the slow and the damage stack up to 5 times.
Parrrley Now applies Grog-Soaked Blade Fixed a bug where it could sometimes restore gold to other players.
Raise Morale Active duration increased to 7 seconds from 6.
Cannon Barrage Base damage per cannonball increased to 75 / 120 / 165 from 65 / 110 / 155.
Perseverance Now marks Garen as being in combat even if the damage taken is absorbed by shields. Now shows the particle on Garen even if at 100% health. Fixed a bug where it could sometimes activate immediately after taking damage.
H-28G Evolution Turret Mana cost reduced to 70 / 80 / 90 / 100 / 110 from 120 / 125 / 130 / 135 / 140. Fixed a bug where his turrets would not assist him if damage from an enemy champion was absorbed by shields.
Transcendent Blades Heal from champions increased to 25% of damage dealt from 20% of raw damage. Heal is no longer reduced if the damage done is absorbed by shields.
Tailwind Now deactivated while Janna is dead. [1]
Demacian Standard Armor bonus reduced to 10 / 13 / 16 / 19 / 22 from 10 / 14 / 18 / 22 / 26. Attack speed bonus reduced to 10 / 13 / 16 / 19 / 22% from 10 / 14 / 18 / 22 / 26%.
Martial Cadence Target's max health to magic damage ratio reduced to 8% from 10%.
Leap Strike Attack damage scaling reduced to 70% from 100%. Can no longer be cast on wards.
Mirror Image Fixed a bug where its clone would be permanently disabled if disabled when it spawns.
Nether Blade Passive base mana restore per attack increased to 8 / 11 / 14 / 17 / 20 from 4 / 8 / 12 / 16 / 20. Active changed to dealing 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 / 60 (+0. 15 ability power) bonus magic damage dealt on hit for the duration instead of receiving 7 / 15 / 25 / 38 / 50 armor penetration for the duration.
Null Zone Base damage to max health ratio reduced to 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 / 8% from 5 / 6 / 7 / 8 / 9%. Ability power ratio reduced to 1% per 100 ability power (0. 01 ) from 1% per 80 ability power (0. 0125 ). Cooldown reduced to 14 from 16.
Nether Grasp Ability power ratio over the duration reduced to 1. 3 from 1. 5 .
Strut Is now properly removed when taking damage that is absorbed by a shield.
Iron Man Shield generation is no longer reduced if the damage done to enemies is absorbed by shields.
Children of the Grave Fixed a bug where it could steal enemy passive abilities permanently.
Black Shield Base shield strength changed to 95 / 160 / 225 / 290 / 355 from 100 / 150 / 200 / 250 / 300.
Javelin Toss Bushwhack Fixed a bug where they would target a wrong location when cast immediately after transforming back to human form.
Consume Base damage reduced to 400 / 525 / 650 / 775 / 900 from 500 / 600 / 700 / 800 / 900.
Ice Blast Slow reduced to 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 / 60% from 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 / 60%.
General Fixed several incorrect interactions with clones or unusual movement types.
Clockwork Windup Fixed a display error on the tooltip. Fixed a bug which was causing it to add less damage than intended.
Command Protect Fixed a bug causing the shield particle to not display.
Heroic Charge Poppy will now attempt to immediately attack champions affected by a successful cast.
Defensive Ball Curl Fixed a bug where it had an ability power ratio.
General Fixed a bug where damage absorbed by a shield wouldn't mark Renekton as in combat for the purposes of Fury generation.
Cull the Meek Heal is no longer reduced if the damage dealt is absorbed by shields.
The Equalizer Trail's burning damage reduced to 100 / 140 / 180 per second from 120 / 160 / 200. Trail's burning damage ability power ratio per second reduced to 0. 2 from 0. 25 . Cooldown increased to 105 / 90 / 75 from 90 / 75 / 60.
General Fixed the dance animation to loop properly.
Hallucinate Clone now correctly benefits from critical strikes.
Cannibalism Heal is no longer reduced if the damage dealt is absorbed by shields.
General Fixed a bug where shields and Ignite
Ravenous Flock It now heals Swain for 50% of the actual damage dealt to enemies (instead of 50% of the raw damage the ability deals). Now to heal is not reduced if the damage dealt is absorbed by shields.
Move Quick Passive movement speed bonus is now correctly removed even if the damage taken is absorbed by shields.
Noxious Trap Mushrooms are no longer targetable/manipulated by spells (except for Teleport
Rocket Jump Fixed a bug where the cooldown reset upon kill or assist could fail if Tristana's damage output was fully absorbed by a shield.
Undying Rage Fixed a bug where it improperly showed "Endless Rage!" to represent damage being prevented.
Stances Mana cost decreased to 55 / 50 / 45 / 40 / 35 from 75 / 65 / 55 / 45 / 35.
Turtle Stance Now heals Udyr based upon the actual damage dealt (instead of the raw damage dealt). Heal is no longer reduced if the damage is shielded.
Phoenix Stance Base activation damage increased to 15 / 25 / 35 / 45 / 55 from 10 / 18 / 26 / 34 / 42.
Vayne
Silver Bolts True damage will no longer be blocked by spell shields.
Tumble Bonus damage reduced to 40 / 45 / 50 / 55 / 60% from 55 / 60 / 65 / 70 / 75%.
Condemn Base damage reduced to 45 / 80 / 115 / 150 / 185 from 50 / 90 / 130 / 170 / 210.
Final Hour Movement speed bonus is now tripled instead of quadrupled. Attack damage bonus reduced to 25 / 40 / 55 from 35 / 55 / 75.
Transfusion Cooldown changed to 12 / 10 / 8 / 6 / 4 from 12 / 10 / 8 / 6 / 3. Base damage changed to 90 / 125 / 160 / 195 / 230 from 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 / 250.
Hungering Strike Heal is no longer reduced if the damage dealt is absorbed by shields.
Crescent Sweep Targets' current health to damage ratio reduced to 15% from 20%. Bonus armor and magic resistance per champion hit reduced to 5 / 8 / 11 from 7 / 10 / 13.
Items
General
Updated tooltips for many champions.
Life steal and spell vamp are no longer reduced if the damage done is absorbed by shields.
Healing reductions now reduce health regained by life steal and spell vamp.
Maximum gold for killing a player on a long kill streak reduced to 500 gold from 1000.
Minimum gold for killing a player on a long death streak reduced to 15 gold from 90 gold.
Gold rewards for kills where the target is on a 3 kill or 3 death streak or less should give comparable amounts or even more gold than before.
Experience granted for kills is now determined by the dying champion's level. Killing champions higher level than you will now grant more experience . Killing champions lower level than you will now grant less experience. Killing equal level champions is unaffected.
Wards and spawned minions that don't attack are no longer targetable/manipulated by spells (except Summoner spell Teleport This means, for example, that wards will no longer be able to block Rammus' Powerball Teemo's Noxious Traps Jax Leap Strike
Fixed a bug where minions were playing their particles multiple times when attacking.
Undocumented changes
Champions
Classic splash art has been updated.
General Animations and sound effects have been updated.
Items
Aegis of the Legion Aura bonuses are now only applied to ally champions instead of to all ally units. [2]
Hotfix
Two hotfixes for this patch went live a few hours after the release. The first one addressed a serious bug that was affecting Yorick, where a champion targeted by his Omen of Death would continuously respawn with 1 health point. A second one reverted the changes for Kayle which were accidentally released in this patch. The changes in question were the following:
Important Note: The following changes were reverted and should not be documented anywhere else on the wiki:
Holy Fervor Attack damage to ability power conversion ratio reduced to 20% from 30%. Ability power to attack damage conversion ratio reduced to 10% from 15%.
Reckoning Base damage increased to 80 / 130 / 180 / 230 / 280 from 60 / 110 / 160 / 210 / 260. Ability power ratio increased to 1. 0 from 0. 8 . Mana cost reduced to 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 from 80 / 85 / 90 / 95 / 100.
Divine Blessing Heal changed to 60 / 115 / 170 / 225 / 280 from 65 / 100 / 135 / 170 / 205. Ability power ratio reduced to 0. 25 from 0. 5 . Movement speed boost increased from 12% at all ranks to 18 / 21 / 24 / 27 / 30%. Duration reduced to 4 seconds from 10. Mana cost increased to 75 / 90 / 105 / 120 / 135 from 60 / 65 / 70 / 75 / 80.
Righteous Fury Base bonus damage increased to 10 / 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 from 4 / 10 / 16 / 22 / 28. Range buff increased to 425 from 400. Cooldown reduced to 17 seconds at all ranks from 22 / 21 / 20 / 19 / 18. Mana cost reduced to 50 from 65.
Patch Preview
The Patch Preview was streamed live just before the grand finals of the Season One Championship at Dreamhack. You can watch the patch preview on the following link: V1.0.0.120 Patch Preview (0' to 20')
It's kind of impossible to say which superhero is the best, since there's just too many of them to count, but a seven-year study at the University of Leicester purports to help shine a light on the debate. Photo Credit: Getty Images
Coming as a surprise to no one, the student-lead research determined that Superman is the "best-equipped" superhero of all thanks to high-density muscle tissue on Earth, and a Super Flare attack that could release energy through every cell in his body with an output of 7.07x105 Joules per second.
Other top-tier superheroes include some Marvel standouts, including Wolverine, who can thank his fast regenerative powers for his high rating; Mystique, who can manipulate her genes; and Thor, who like Superman, has a large energy output.
Black Bolt, the leader of the Inhumans, also gets a special mention as being "the single most destructive superhero" due to the potential for his hypersonic voice to level cities.
Sadly, this research is invalidated a bit by the superhero who came in last: Batman. Yes, the Caped Crusader has no powers and has more weaknesses than strengths according to the students' qualifications. In real life, Batman wouldn't survive a landing if he was gliding with his cape. However, everyone knows that he can take down every member of the Justice League if he wanted. Just watch him explain that he has contingency plans for every powerful member.
Of course, the research is actually more for fun than for actual scientific progress, and is all up to the interpretation of both the researchers and the readers. The supplemental papers do expand on a lot of the physics involved with some of the more popular abilities seen in comics.
"I encourage them to be as creative as possible with their subject choices," Dr Cheryl Hurkett from the university's Centre for Interdisciplinary Science said. "As long as they can back it up with hard scientific facts, theories and calculations!"
Check out this handy chart, which shows some of the strengths and weaknesses of other test subjects. In a future study, I would like to see comparisons including other powerful characters such as Jean Grey (post-Phoenix), Wonder Woman, Aquaman or even Squirrel Girl (who saved the world from Galactus, by the way).
[RedOrbit via University of Leicester]
Credit: Marvel Comics
Credit: Andrea Towers
Andrea Towers has been hired as Marvel's new Sales & Communications Administrator, taking over from the outgoing Chris D'Lando. Towers will work out of Marvel Comics' New York City offices, in the Sales & Marketing department overseen by Marvel Senior VP of Print, Sales & Marketing, David Gabriel.
"Today in Big Personal News, I join Marvel working with the amazing sales and marketing team!" Towers tweeted. "Thrilled & excited to work at a place I love."
Towers previously worked as an Assistant Editor for Entertainment Weekly, acting as the point person for their comics coverage and also worked closely with Marvel for the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. episodic posters. Towers has also written about comic books and associated media for CBR, ComicBook, Paste, Image Comics' Image+, and Marvel's own website.
The Vatican today committed to tackle once and for all what it called the ‘unnatural and unforgivable practice' of the sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests receiving widespread media coverage.
‘As a religious leader, I believe I have a moral obligation not to stand by and allow those in a position of influence and responsibility to take advantage of their role and publish such shameful and damaging stories,' said the pope today. ‘If there's one thing vulnerable, sexually-abused children don't need, it's being exploited by shameless journalists looking to make a quick buck by pedalling verifiable truths from credible sources. The whole thing makes me sick.'
The Vatican's crackdown will see the introduction of a harsh three-strikes-and-you're-out policy for all media outlets caught reporting the abuse of children by Catholic priests. Based on existing disciplinary procedures, a first offence would see the church turn a blind eye, a second offence would attract a verbal warning and a third indiscretion would result in the Vatican demanding that the journalist be moved on to a new publication. If that doesn't work, the church has threatened to take drastic action to end the supply of stories by redoubling efforts to hush them up.
Although some have criticised the church's latest response to the abuse crisis, the Vatican has defended its new policy by citing some little-known scripture in which Jesus states that while paedophilia is not to be encouraged, there can never be any justification for relaying incidents of a physical union between a choirboy and his mentor to a wider public less intimate with religious teaching.
‘We desperately need to put a stop to this and make sure the public are no longer preyed upon by these evil, manipulative reporters,' continued the pontiff. ‘I would hate for stories of child rape by Catholic priests to fall into the hands of the young and impressionable. It's about time we started putting the children first in all this.'
‘What we need is some kind of protection – some sheath, if you will – to stop whatever may occur between a choirboy and his mentor leaking or being spilled and accidentally giving birth to something with much longer-lasting implications. Or maybe we just need to apply for more gagging orders. After all, victims say that's often how the whole thing started.'
The European court of human rights has lost its legitimacy in Britain, Chris Grayling, the justice secretary, has said.
Grayling, a senior Tory minister, said he is finalising proposals to curtail the court's power after 2015 and make sure the UK supreme court's judgments are final.
The court has proved controversial because of judgments on issues such as prisoner voting, and overruling the wishes of parliament. It was recently criticised by Lord Judge, the former lord chief justice, for getting too powerful.
However, any move to detach the UK from the European court or scrap the Human Rights Act would have to be part of a Conservative manifesto rather than government policy, as they would be blocked by the Liberal Democrats in the coalition.
"I think that what we've got to is a situation where the European court of human rights has lost its legitimacy in the UK by doing things that frankly, the people of this country and their elected representatives do not want," Grayling told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
Grayling said the Tories would set out a "clear pathway" for change by publishing a draft bill and leaving the European convention on human rights would be one possible option.
"We're looking at a number of different options," he said. "There are four principles that have to underpin what we do. We have to curtail the role of the court in the UK. We have to replace the Human Rights Act, which as Lord Judge rightly says is one of the key reasons why the European court of human rights seems to have such sway in the UK. We've got to ensure there's a balance of rights and responsibilities in our laws, and I think above all, we've got to make our supreme court supreme."
He said legal advice suggests that the UK could remain part of the Council of Europe while withdrawing from the jurisdiction of its court. However, he said the Strasbourg court should first rethink its purpose when a country such as Britain reconsiders membership.
"The key issue here is that we were told recently by one of the senior officials of the court who came to parliament that Britain was best in class when it came to human rights," he said.
"If the country that is best in class is saying: 'Hang on, this has gone too far, enough is enough', then actually it is for those in Strasbourg to ask themselves the question: 'Why has that come to pass?'."
Grayling said every word of the European convention on human rights is sensible but the way that it is interpreted is problematic.
Why bosses are right to distrust women who don't want children... by a VERY outspoken mother (and ex-boss)
Much as I like to trumpet the importance of a woman's right to choose all things at all times, there's one choice I simply cannot understand: the choice of an otherwise sane and healthy woman not to have children.
If a would-be mother is a singleton of 40 who decides to have a baby without a partner, I might wish she'd thought of it sooner and prepared for it better - but I understand.
If she's half of a lesbian couple who 'borrows' the wherewithal, I might cross my fingers that the child is not teased at school - but I understand. Even if she's a 66-year- old pregnant pensioner, threatening to turn motherhood into a freak show, I might (indeed, I do) think she's monstrously selfish and dangerously wrong - but again, more or less, I understand.
Carol believes she can always pick which female staff have children
Yet if she says she hasn't a shred of maternal feeling in her, moreover, if she says she would prefer to concentrate on her career and that a child would only get in the way of it, then my head might acknowledge her right to do so. But my heart whispers: 'Lady, you're weird.'
It was welcome news, therefore, to discover this week that I am not alone. Research conducted over six years shows that far from bosses and colleagues always being suspicious of a working mother, the opposite is becoming true: it is the childless woman who is regarded as cold and odd.
As a result, it is these single-track careerists who are increasingly likely to be vilified, refused jobs and denied promotion because many employers believe them to lack what the study calls 'an essential humanity'. And I know exactly what they mean.
In the little hothouse of my own trade as a hack, I play a game with myself. Reading all the other female scribblers, sometimes with grudging admiration and sometimes none at all, I try to guess from their expression of their world view whether or not they are mothers.
I haven't - yet - been wrong. Now, with MPs so much in the headlines, I've extended the game and started to guess about the women among them, too.
As far as I can tell, my score is also pretty high there - even though it's just a feeling. On both sides of the political divide, as with the writers, it's not what MPs say or do, so much as how they go about it.
'Mothers bring something extra'
And if that touch of 'essential humanity' - or its absence - colours such notably tough professions, it's hardly surprising that employers are starting to notice that the same applies across the spectrum of workplaces.
Of course, we need not be silly about it.
Nobody wishes to see a female soldier in combat with a six-week-old infant in one arm and a rifle in the other.
Or a high-flier working 20-hour days while still breast-feeding. Or the mother of a small brood taking on any job of such erratic hours that she cannot promise them when or even if she'll be home.
But most jobs aren't like that - and most children don't stay babies for long.
Carol says it's not the mothers who are the source of office bitchiness
Besides which, in my experiences both as a colleague and an employer, I have found that mothers almost always bring something extra to the job, to the benefit of all.
It's not the mothers, for a start, who are going to turn up late and hungover after a night on the razz; they'll have been up, dressed and alert for hours, having cooked a family breakfast and delivered their children to school. On time.
It's not the mothers, usually, who run the office bitch-fest.
They're not there to compete for the attentions of the male executives; they're there to get out of the house; they're there because they genuinely enjoy some adult company; and they're there because they have mouths to feed other than their own and shoes to buy for someone else's feet.
Two-thirds of working mothers, a recent survey found, could not provide for the children they love in the manner they would wish if they lost their jobs. So there's incentive for you.
They will, it is true, snatch time off for poorly children and Christmas carol services. And it's true they will insist that, in return for arriving on the dot of 9am, they must also leave on the dot of 5pm.
Valuing assets in your staff
But rarely have I encountered a mother who did not offer to make up time lost, often in lunch hours. As for leaving on time, put enough mothers together in one workplace and you'll get rid of the ghastly ethos of 'presenteeism', whereby people vie for plaudits based solely on how late - albeit often uselessly - they hang around the office.
The prioritising that may baffle other people is a cinch for a woman who has spent years juggling a household. Negotiating skills? A request for 10 per cent off an overdue invoice is nothing to a woman who has had to broker a deal on Britain's Got Talent versus bedtime.
When it comes to emergencies, if you have run all the way to a clinic with a terrified toddler vomiting down your neck then, trust me, a package delayed in transit is a piece of cake. And if those are the tangibles, the intangibles - the 'essential humanity' - are more important still.
You cannot be a mother without knowing something about selflessness, compassion, generosity, commitment, fierce loyalty and plain hard work. You cannot - surely - be a boss and not value assets such as those in your staff.
Nor is it the boss who pays the price for the extras a mother brings with her; she's the one who pays for that. Enough reams have been written about the long hours of slog it takes to run a home and hold down a job at the same time. Yet still we keep doing it because we want our work, our independence and our money.
But, more than all the things we want, we actually need our children; they complete us as women, they are our light and our love and our legacy.
We feel desperately sorry for those who yearn for children they cannot have; the unwilling barren, if you will. But when we meet a woman who chooses her childlessness in the belief that there is something out there worth more, we smile politely even while - once again - our guts whisper: 'Lady, you're weird.'
So three cheers for the employers who are catching on, the ones who don't want to people their workforces with the cold, the calculating, the sad and the mad. The only question is: what took you so long?
Washington (CNN) There are issues that have deeply divided President Donald Trump and conservatives during the first turbulent months since his inauguration.
The judiciary is not one of them.
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch is a clean win . And lawyers inside and outside of the administration are working to vet potential conservative nominees, fill vacancies and ensure that the appellate bench is deep in case another Supreme Court vacancy arises.
As such on Thursday, the President announced 16 more nominees -- including his own deputy White House counsel -- for lower court seats.
Democrats, for their part, are on full alert, aware that any nominee who comes through the doors of Senate judiciary committee could one day return for a Supreme Court seat. They are readying themselves for the fight, especially for those on Trump's list of potential Supreme Court nominees.
Deputy W.H. counsel nominated for key post
Gregory G. Katsas is up for a seat on the most powerful federal appeals court in the country: the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. The court is just blocks from the Supreme Court and frequently hears cases concerning government agency actions, such as with the Environmental Protection Agency.
Katsas is a former clerk of Justice Clarence Thomas and a veteran of George W. Bush's Justice Department. He's also an alumnus of Jones Day, a powerhouse law firm that has populated many positions in the Trump administration.
But it's his time at the White House that is likely to trigger the most searching questions during his confirmation hearing. He's been the right hand man to White House Counsel Donald McGahn and the two have grappled with critical issues such as Trump's travel ban, emoluments and DACA.
"Greg Katsas has a long an illustrious career both in government and private practice and is a widely respected Supreme Court advocate," said Carrie Severino of the conservative Judicial Crisis Network, herself a former Thomas clerk. "While I expect the Democrats will try to put partisan politics first, it's hard to overlook his impressive qualifications and his commitment to the rule of law."
Eyes on Senate judiciary committee
Controversial hearings before the Senate judiciary committee are nothing new and for years both sides have accused the other of using various procedural tactics to block nominees.
As things stand now, Democrats who haven't forgotten that former President Barack Obama's last Supreme Court nominee was denied a vote — are looking hard at Trump's early nominees for lower court vacancies. They are particularly interested in individuals that were also included on Trump's list of potential nominees for the Supreme Court that he announced during the campaign.
Gorsuch, of course, made the final cut. But the administration is working to move up some judges on that list from district and state courts to appellate seats.
So far, from Trump's original list, Judge Amul Thapar has been one of the six judges confirmed. He now sits on the sixth Circuit.
Christopher Kang, Obama's former deputy counsel, pushes back on the notion that Democrats are obstructing anything.
"The reason that there are so many vacancies now, is historic Republican obstruction during the last two years of President Obama's presidency. Republicans allowed the fewest confirmation since President Truman," he said. "The Senate has confirmed more judges at this point since President Carter, which is even more troubling given how extreme these nominees are and that some of them were on President Trump's short list for the Supreme Court."
Kang said he is referring to nominees like Justice Joan Larsen of the Michigan Supreme Court. On Wednesday, the Judiciary Committee held hearings for Larsen, a former clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia who is also up for a seat on the sixth Circuit.
During the hearing, Democratic senators seemed to forget at times she was up for a lower court position, not the Supreme Court. Or maybe they saw it as a warm-up round.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Connecticut, asked her for her views on Roe v. Wade. She looked puzzled: "I don't want to make any commitment to an office where I haven't even been nominated," she said.
Then he asked her about the fact that she was on Trump's short list.
She assured the senator that she had no idea how her name got on the list and said that no one had asked her for her opinion of a particular case.
Minnesota Sen. Al Franken also announced this week that he would not return a so-called "blue slip" for David Stras. Also on Trump's list, he has been nominated for a seat on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. Blue slips are a Senate tradition meant to encourage the involvement of home state senators in the picking process.
Franken's complaint? He was worried that Stras, a former law clerk for Thomas, would "be a deeply conservative jurist in the mold of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia."
Franken criticized the White House for not consulting him in a meaningful way.
In a statement, he said he had hoped "in recognition of our different views, President Trump would work with me to identify a consensus candidate -- a nominee whose experience demonstrates an ability to set aside rigid beliefs in favor of finding common ground," he said.
Sylvain Charlebois is professor at the Food Institute, University of Guelph
If asked about sustainable food systems, most people think about the environment, climate and social responsibility. These pillars are key to sustainability, but so is the economics of food.
For any organization to be sustainable, it needs to be profitable for everyone across the supply chain: farmers, processors and retailers. What's currently threatening the delicate balance between these key drivers is counterfeiting.
Story continues below advertisement
Food fraud isn't new to the food industry. During the Middle Ages, staple foods such as bread, meat and wine were often adulterated, leading to the implementation of legal regulations to ensure quality and quantity.
Because of modern advanced technologies, however, most consumers believe that today's food-supply chains are protected and that counterfeit products are the exception. Yet in recent years, evidence of widespread fraudulent behaviour has increased.
A recent U.S. study revealed a high substitution rate of 57 per cent in meat products. Consequently, there have been discrepancies between the contents of meat products and the information found on their labels. Similar results in parts of Europe were found in a study involving sausages. In Britain, two-thirds of takeout ham-and-cheese pizzas recently tested contained neither ham nor cheese.
If you think Canadian food is immune to fraudulent labelling, think again. Recent studies have discovered that 25 to 70 per cent of all seafood products sold here are mislabelled due to counterfeiting somewhere along the supply chain. Recently, several inspections at one well-known Toronto restaurant revealed menu misrepresentations.
Chances are you have already unknowingly purchased a counterfeit food product at a restaurant, a retailer or even at a high-end specialty store. What's more concerning is that retailers, restaurateurs serving and selling counterfeited items may not even know it.
National brands have registered deep concerns about food fraud. Many consumers purchasing products purported to be coming from faraway parts of the world were actually purchasing local products. For example, it has been estimated that Canadians buy $3.6-billion in counterfeit Italian food products annually. The way some suppliers package, repackage, present and market food products can make local products seem imported from Italy, known for its good food.
The same thing is likely happening to our own "local" food products. Counterfeiting causes products to go down in price, which makes it more challenging for ethical, honest local food producers and processers to make a decent living. Counterfeiting takes away the opportunity for a localized food economy to flourish, which makes it unsustainable in the end.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
With all this in mind, we could be just one major scandal away from a collapse of consumer trust. Food retailing and service in Canada is a $200-billion business – efforts to curtail food fraud need to be taken.
The government could step in, but more inspections and regulations can only go so far. It would be impractical, and even undesirable, to expect regulators to effectively monitor everything, every single day. Additional monitoring would likely result in more bureaucracy and higher food prices.
More can be done by industry. In order to validate food authenticity, modern food traceability systems will need to track food content and ingredients, not just packages. The application of anti-counterfeiting packaging in the food industry is a real option. With the rise of food prices in recent years, the business case for better, more sophisticated packaging is getting stronger. In fact, the global market for anti-counterfeiting packaging technologies in food is expected to increase by almost 15 per cent yearly over the next decade or so.
In the not-so-distant future, food could also be randomly checked for authenticity. One recently developed test can rapidly differentiate products using nuclear magnetic resonance, a new frontier in foodomics.
Some tests using that technology in Germany allowed researchers to differentiate between organic and non-organic tomatoes in more than 300 cases. It could potentially detect geographical origin, genuineness, substantial equivalence, shelf life, even freshness. The technology does need refining, though, as it is not ready to be used commercially.
DNA analysis could be another option, although getting test results can be slow and very costly. The Canadian Food Inspection Agency recently partnered with the University of Guelph to explore the use of this technology.
Story continues below advertisement
The most potent option will eventually come in the form of portable technologies that consumers can use to protect themselves – not an app, but an actual device the size of a smartphone. Many universities and research centres are currently attempting to develop tools that consumers can use safely at home or in stores in real time to authenticate labels and food content.
Through such technological empowerment, consumers could actually police the industry themselves. And when that day comes, possibly in the next decade or so, the entire supply chain will need to discipline itself.
For food supply-chain sustainability, counterfeiting is the proverbial elephant in the room. Most of the industry knows it exists, but rarely speaks out against it. Eliminating it will help everyone become more sustainable.
'Plight' blog post, paper cause stir
Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Barack Obama. Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Barack Obama. Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close 'Plight' blog post, paper cause stir 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Multiracial activists - and some Barack Obama supporters - are seething over best-selling economist Steven Levitt's assertions that mixed-race people are inherently more likely to engage in "bad behavior."
There are those who saw in it the acrid tang of conspiracy: a casual, yet explosive Aug. 12 blog post by the celebrity economist, co-author of "Freakonomics." Titled "The Plight of Mixed-Race Children," it outlined the conclusion of a paper Levitt had co-authored: Multiracial kids are more likely to engage in bad behavior than single-race kids. In short, rather than being the "best of both worlds," mixed kids were far more likely to be the worst. (Though, said Levitt, they do have one thing in their favor: Multiracial kids are significantly "more attractive" than their single-race peers.)
The post enraged multiracial activists, who saw it as mirroring pernicious stereotypes. It also prompted some to see a hidden attempt to sandbag Obama, the man whose rise has propelled mixed identity into the forefront of American culture.
"You have this paper with 'provocative' conclusions on multiracial identity that was first written in July 2005, being published in this final version in August 2008," Jason Sperber, Japanese American co-founder of the parenting blog RiceDaddies, said in a telephone interview. "Hmm, why is this issue suddenly on the national horizon? Oh, right, the presidential campaign! It's hard not to wonder whether there's a larger agenda."
Given that "Freakonomics" is all about hidden incentives, it would be surprising if there weren't an ulterior motive - though it's less likely a drive by Levitt to torpedo a fellow Chicagoan and Harvard alum's presidential ambitions than a simple desire to recapture public attention.
Levitt and his collaborator, Stephen Dubner, are close to completing their new book "Superfreakonomics"; a "Freakonomics" documentary is scheduled for early next year. With these franchise extensions imminent, it only makes business sense to revive the brand's awareness through "shocking" positions on topics in the media spotlight.
It's that cultivation of controversy that has drawn fire from the likes of prominent economist John DiNardo, who has blasted the book's methodology and conclusions as "scholarship in the service of storytelling."
The study, co-authored with Harvard's Roland Fryer and two other economists, seems particularly suspect, even to social scientists whose work the study cites. "I don't know what their objective was, but this is a paper with a surprising number of problems," said Yoonsun Choi, associate professor of social service at the University of Chicago, Levitt's home base. "There's so much more going on here than what they're saying that the decisions they make look capricious, at a minimum."
Discredited theory
The central issue voiced by critics isn't the study's raw findings; it's the researchers' interpretation of those results, particularly their decision to use them to support a 1920s-era sociological concept called "marginal man" theory, which holds that people with multiple contrasting identities are, essentially, broken at birth.
But marginal man is almost universally considered to have little credibility today. "Among scholars who study multiracial identity, I don't think any of us believe in that hypothesis," said University of Pennsylvania sociology Professor Grace Kao, whose work is also cited in "Plight." "It's the most controversial take; it's basically the reason used to keep interracial marriages illegal until the 1960s. At best, we might use it as a straw man."
It's also interesting to note that the marginal man concept wasn't originally associated with multiracial identity, but rather, the assimilation issues of immigrants. And where that topic is concerned, it's still regularly invoked: Suggestions of divided allegiance, of being trapped between two cultures and belonging to neither - those are at the core of how Asians continue to be positioned in the great American racial dialogue.
Lost in the mix
This makes it only more confounding that Asian Americans are excluded from the "Plight" study, which defines "multiracial" solely as those of black-white heritage - despite the fact that Asians are far more likely than any other group to be part of an interracial couple, and, thus, to produce multiracial offspring.
Part of the problem is the dataset the study uses, the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health; though it's the richest pool of youth data available, it dates back to 1994, when the Asian American population was just 8.8 million and mixed-race Americans numbered about 1.3 million. Since then, the Asian American population has nearly doubled, and America's mixed-race population has more than tripled, with much of that growth due to multiracial Asian Americans. It's hard to believe that conclusions about identity from a 14-year-old dataset have much to say about the "plight" of mixed-race individuals today - especially when restricted to a rigid black-white definition.
And that gets to the heart of the concerns critics have with the study's sensationalistic claims. "You have this assumption that blacks are one monolithic population, whites are another monolithic population, and multiracials are the monolithic blending between them," Jenn Fang, who blogs on race and identity at Reappropriate.com, said by phone. "But that's just not representative of racial reality."
In fact, most studies suggest that the advantage of being competent in multiple cultural contexts creates more benefits than problems. "Take, for example, growing up in a multilingual environment," Choi said. "You may be a little slow to acquire language, but once you do, you find it easier to understand syntax and pronunciation for other languages as well. Straddling cultures may add risks, but if we can address those risks, it flips over into a strength."
And a big part of the flipping of that switch has been the arrival of multiracial role models. "We're talking about mixed identities in the public arena like never before," Sperber said. "Over the last 10 years, you've had a new prominence of people who identify in fluid and dynamic ways - Barack Obama being just one example."
In short, those who owned a multiplicity of identities may once have been "marginal" - but today? Today, they're at the center of everything.
The folks behind the worlds of Dofus and Wakfu invade the B3 realm!
King Baby Duck welcomes Ankama's Lead Character Designer Kim "Tchô" Ettinoff, the Communications & Marketing Manager Pauline Guillemant, and the lead storyboard artist for Season Three of Wakfu Fafah Togura, as they chat about the process of adapting their games into animated series and films. Find out how the tone will change drastically in the next season of Wakfu, what's in store for fans & newcomers in their latest film Dofus Book I: Julith, as well as their upcoming projects Mutafukaz and Abraca! Oh, and keep your ears peeled for an appearance from Wakfu/Dofus story writing mastermind Tot...
Drop a couple kamas and get some juicy details that'll make even the Smug Duck jealous! It's One-On-One: Ankama Animation!
Special thanks to Pauline Guillemant for setting up the interview!
Share your 2 cents
There are plenty of great things about the XBOX One, but not being able to stuff it into a backpack and take it with you on a road trip is definitely a downer. If you've got $1,500 to spare, however, you might just be able to snag an Xbook One: a portable chassis with the guts of the XBOX one and a 22-inch screen.
The Xbook One was developed by hardware modder Ed Zarick using a couple of Makerbot Replicator 2 3D printers, lasers, and lots of time. Since XBOX Live rules don't allow for modifying the the actual hardware, Zarick's acrylic chassis contains the real deal inside. However, it also has a new, low-profile cooling shroud and a built-in 22-inch 1080p display with a slot-loading Blu-ray drive on the front.
Advertisement
The overall effect does resemble a (rather large) gaming laptop, but the Xbook One doesn't include batteries since the XBOX isn't really designed to run on batteries. You'll still need to find an AC power outlet if you want to lug this baby around. And, I presume, an oversized backpack.
If you'd like to order one of these for just $1,500, head over to Zarick's website. [Ed Zarick via SlashGear]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's administration on Thursday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to revive his plan to temporarily ban travelers from six Muslim-majority nations after it was blocked by lower courts that found it was discriminatory.
A picture of the travel advisory page of Qatar Airways advising passengers bound for the United States from seven newly banned majority Muslim countries that they need to have either a U.S. green card or diplomatic visa, January 28, 2017 in London, Britain. Picture taken January 28, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Boyce
In deciding whether to allow the ban to go into effect, the nine justices are set to weigh whether Trump's harsh election campaign rhetoric can be used as evidence that the order was intended to discriminate against Muslims.
The administration filed emergency applications with the nine high court justices seeking to block two different lower court rulings that went against Trump's March 6 order barring entry for people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days while the U.S. government implements stricter visa screening.
The move comes after the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on May 25 upheld a Maryland judge's ruling blocking the order.
The administration also filed a separate appeal in that case.
“We have asked the Supreme Court to hear this important case and are confident that President Trump's executive order is well within his lawful authority to keep the nation safe and protect our communities from terrorism,” Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said in a statement.
The American Civil Liberties Union, one of the legal groups challenging the ban, tweeted in response: “We've beat this hateful ban and are ready to do it again.”
At least five votes are needed on the nine-justice court in order to grant a stay. The court has a 5-4 conservative majority, with Justice Anthony Kennedy - a conservative who sometimes sides with the court's four liberals - the frequent swing vote. Another of the court's conservatives, Neil Gorsuch, was appointed by Trump this year.
If the government's emergency requests are granted, the ban would go into effect immediately.
The court first has to act on whether to grant the emergency applications, which could happen within a fortnight. Then, the justices will decide whether to hear the government's full appeal. The Supreme Court is not required to hear the case but is likely to due to its importance and the fact that the request is being made by the U.S. government.
The Justice Department has asked the court to expedite the case so that the justices could hear it at the beginning of their next term, which starts in October. That means, if the court allows the ban to go into effect, the final decision would be issued long after the 90 days has elapsed.
In the court filings, Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall highlighted the unprecedented nature of courts second-guessing the president on national security and immigration.
“This order has been the subject of passionate political debate. But whatever one's views, the precedent set by this case for the judiciary's proper role in reviewing the president's national-security and immigration authority will transcend this debate, this Order, and this constitutional moment,” he wrote.
In its 10-3 ruling, the appeals court in Virginia said the challengers, including refugee groups and others represented by the American Civil Liberties Union, were likely to succeed on their claim that the order violated the U.S. Constitution's bar against favoring or disfavoring a particular religion.
The government had argued that the court should not take into account Trump's comments during the 2016 U.S. presidential race since he made them before he took office on Jan. 20. But the appeals court rejected that view, saying they shed light on the motivations behind Trump's order.
During the campaign, Trump campaign called for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.”
His administration has argued that the travel ban is needed to prevent terrorism in the United States.
Federal courts in both Maryland and Hawaii issued rulings suspending key parts of the ban. The appeals court in Virginia upheld the Maryland ruling. A San Francisco-based appeals court is currently considering the Hawaii case.
The administration is asking the Supreme Court to throw out the injunction imposed in both cases.
The March ban was Trump's second effort to implement travel restrictions on people from several Muslim-majority countries through an executive order. The first, issued on Jan. 27, led to chaos and protests at airports and in major U.S. cities before it was blocked by courts.
The second order was intended to overcome the legal issues posed by the original ban, but it was blocked by judges before it could go into effect on March 16.
Dear White Women
I see you. I hear you. I read your comments. I know what you think because you make it clear.
If Mike Brown had never gone into that store, if Eric Garner had just done what he was told, if Tamir Rice hadn't been allowed to play with a toy gun, they would all be alive now. What happened to them was sad, but they brought it on themselves, right?
You show no sympathy for Mike Brown or Eric Garner or the other black people killed by the police. You show no empathy for me, as a fellow woman, as a black woman who has once again watched her country fail.
(OK, fine #NotAllWhiteWomen. I get that, but if you're not doing these things then I'm not talking to you.)
I, on the other hand, have empathy for you. I get where you're coming from. I do. I am female too and I live in the world and in this country. It has been made clear to us from the beginning of our lives that we are not valued either. Further, it has been made clear to you, White Woman, that Black Men are the greatest danger you could possibly face.
Now that isn't true but the lie is hard to overcome seeing as it has been repeated so many times and in so many ways.
Like I said, I get it. I do.
But it's not OK and you need to stop it. You need to reach down into yourself and find both sympathy for the dead and empathy for those still living. You have to. This is not optional. You have to do it for your own mental and emotional health. You have to do it for your spiritual health, assuming you believe in such a thing. You have to do it because to do otherwise is to ally yourself with your own enemies.
Does this surprise you?
Nope. Sorry. The people who most benefit from things like this, not just to police officers that are killing people but the politicians and regular citizens who see violence against the people they don't value as a tool of control? They hate you too. They hate you and they hurt you.
It's not like the people who are defending the Darren Wilsons and Daniel Pantaleos of America are respecting and valuing women while they disrespect and devalue People of Color.
That doesn't happen.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that at least some of the people reading this have been in abusive relationships. Because, you know 60% of women have.
I need you to remember what that was like. Remember being in the thick of it. Don't look back on it from a place of (what I hope is) improved mental health and physical safety. That's who you are now.
Remember who you were then.
Remember the person who defended and made excuses for her abuser.
Remember the woman who explained away bruises and tears.
Remember the first time.
Remember the tenth time.
Remember the hundredth time.
Remember.
Now remember what your abuser said to you.
If you didn't make me so angry.
If you did things right.
If you were more respectful
That person convinced you that you were responsible for your abuse. They convinced you that you were to blame and that only you could improve the situation. They convinced you that if you acted in a specific way, which they defined and changed at will, you would be safe.
They did. That's why you stayed.
Please don't think I'm blaming you for staying. I'm not. I am one of you, not a White Woman, but a survivor of abuse. I stayed too.
I stayed for a lot of reasons but the primary reason was gaslighting. I bought in to the idea that my understanding of relationships; that they should be based on shared respect and autonomy, on valuing the basic humanity of your partner and working together toward a better life, was wrong. I allowed myself to be convinced that I was misremembering every snide remark, every deliberately hurtful action, every dollar spent to keep us poor and desperate.
And I stayed, just like you. Not only did I stay, I tried to be less provocative. I tried to be what he wanted me to be because I believed that it would stop if I could just figure out the magical formula that would make me acceptable and respectable.
Because gaslighting fucking works. It's horrible if you are subject to it, but it's effective. That's why they keep doing it.
You dressed like a slut. If you had just worn clothes that were decent you would have been fine. You deserved it. You didn't have my dinner on the table. If you could just keep house properly you would have been fine. You deserved it. Why are you crying? Words don't hurt. You're so emotional. You're overreacting. If you would just stop being such a crazy bitch you would be fine. You deserve it.
And you know what? America has been gaslighting our black citizens since about 1619.
Taryvon was just a thug. He wasn't a kid walking home who was attacked for walking while black. If He deserved it.
Mike Brown stole! He attacked the officer! If he had just not committed a minor crime, if he had just been respectful to the officer he would have been fine. He deserved it.
Eric Garner was illegally selling cigarettes. If he had just accepted the three police officers surrounding him and aggressing against him after he broke up a fight and helped his neighborhood, he would have been fine. He deserved it.
Black people are just thugs.
Black people deserve it.
It's not true.
You know it's not true, just like it wasn't true when your abuser tried to gaslight you into responsibility for your abuse.
Remember, as well those moments when you had taken so much that rather than staying silent and accepting the abuse in the hopes it would lessen the duration of each incident, you let your pain show through.
Remember what happened? Either your abuser showed what you couldn't admit at the time was satisfaction, because that's the point of abuse, for your abuser to feel their power over you, or they doubled down on the gaslighting.
They made it about them. They told you how much It hurt them to hurt you. Or maybe they didn't even admit that they were hurting you. Maybe it was just another example of you being “crazy.” Oh how good they were to you that they would stay and put up with that kind of “insanity.” Aren't you grateful? Don't you feel sympathy for their pain?
You know what is true? Not only did you not deserve to be abused, you deserved a healthy and respectful relationship.
Not abusive is the absolute minimum that a person should be able to reasonably expect from an interaction with another human,. This applies to relationships between individuals and interactions between the society and the citizens that make up that society.
I mean, clearly it isn't, but it should be.
Now I want you to remember something else. Remember the moments when you felt like you couldn't take any more but did.
Not the moment you decided to leave, that is coming up. I mean the moment you kind of got through to your abuser for a minute and convinced them, somehow, that maybe they should not abuse you so constantly and overtly.
The abuse didn't stop, of course, but you may have had a moment or a week or a month of respite. You had a period of time wherein maybe instead of screaming in your face that you are a cheating slut and punching you, your abuser just checked you text messages and stalked you.
It wasn't good, but it wasn't as bad as it had been, so it felt like good. You forced your abuser to step back and mitigate the worst of the abuse and that made you feel powerful and in control. It also created a situation where you were more accepting of “lesser” abuse.
Yeah, abuse skews your perceptions. Because what the fuck is lesser abuse? I typed it and I don't really know what it is.
It skewed to perceptions of black Americans to the point wherein lack of respect and recognition of our basic humanity felt like good as long as we had access to lunch counters and didn't have to sit at the back of the bus.
We convinced ourselves that not being overtly abused was the same as not being abused at all. But we were wrong.
Just like you were wrong when you believed that being stalked was the same as not being abused.
We, all of us were wrong.
Why? Because we were trapped in the idea that this relationship, be it personal or societal was the best we could do.
And that's not our fault. It's an extension of the gaslighting. It's what they told us and told us, over and over again, in shouts and whispers, with fists and bullets, until we believed it.
Now I want you to remember the moment when you were done.
Whatever it was, whatever thing or thought or feeling that led you to get out and first I want to say that I'm glad. I hope you are healthier now. I hope you are happy. I hope you are safe.
Second, I bet that the moment we knew we had to leave was very similar for all of us. No matter the actual form it took, at its core, that moment is the one wherein we stopped buying in to the concept that a little bit of not abuse is the same as healthy and happy and safe.
It is the moment you knew that you had value, that you have a right to respect, that you deserve better.
Let me say that again:
YOU DESERVE BETTER
And so do we.
You deserve to live life happy, healthy, and safe.
So do we.
You woke up and valued yourself enough to step, or run, away from that unhealthy, unsafe environment.
We woke up too but we can't really just dump our country. I mean, some people can but those people have already moved because they had the money to do so.
For the rest of us, while we appreciate the fact that we don't have to sit in the back of the bus anymore, that America has stopped the larger, more visible abuse, the more insidious “lesser” abuse continues. It is American society reading our texts and stalking us. It's not healthy. It's not safe. It's not the kind of life we all deserve.
We deserve better.
We deserve not to be criminalized for existing.
We deserve the same basic steps that our justice system says are our right.
We deserve to not be summarily executed because we have been accused of a crime.
We deserve to be able to adjust our waistline or reach for our phone and not have the whole world respond as if that is a threat.
We deserve that, just like you deserved not to be abused.
Everyone deserves to live a life free of abuse and when you White Woman, person I can usually count on to be my ally in struggles against the 1% and misogyny or for Gender and Sexual Minority rights and marriage equality, refuse to stand with me on this issue of race and the value of black people in America you ally yourself with my abusers.
You become just like the person who hurt you.
You hurt us through your indifference and your willingness to gaslight us.
You hurt us with your colorblindness and you insistence that our pain, black American's shared pain has so little value that we cannot name it. You hurt us when you tut and wag your finger and tell us that all lives really matter and I shouldn't concentrate on “just” black lives.
You hurt us when you shake your head at the violence in Ferguson and ignore the 100 days of peaceful protests that preceded it and when you ignore the blatant provocation of the authority figures in that community.
When you do this, when you devalue our pain, when you try to co opt it and make it about you, when you tell us that we deserve the abuse that is heaped upon is, it chokes me. It chokes me with anger. It chokes me with disappointment. It simply chokes me and I can't breathe.
It chokes me, because I know that you can do better than this. I know, as a fellow survivor, that abuse is not an easy thing to live through. It's not an easy thing to leave behind. I know that you can do better than this, in your everyday life, in conversations and online.
I know that you have both the fortitude and the integrity to shut down other people when they start to act like the people who abused us both.
I know that you have the ability to look silently outraged at someone until they stop trying to convince you and everyone who is listening that Tamir Rice deserved to be killed for playing with a toy gun.
I know that you have the strength to ask why it matters that Mike Brown may have stolen some cigars and to point out that petty theft isn't actually a crime that one can be executed for in this country.
You have the responsibility to speak out in spaces where my voice, and the voices of the people who look like me and are most directly impacted by the issue of racism will never be heard.
I know that you can do this because to think otherwise lessens you as a person of strength who survived so much and I won't do that to you.
I believe that you will do this because to believe otherwise brings back that choking sense of disappointment and righteous anger and I can't breathe.
The head of the RCMP admitted that Canada's national police force neglected to keep tabs on hundreds of cases of serious misconduct committed by Mounties across the country for years.
Commissioner Bob Paulson acknowledged that access to information request by CBC News inadvertently revealed that not even senior leaders in the RCMP could say with confidence whether incidents of misconduct that include assaults, impaired driving and fraud were a problem in the force.
"You're right," said Paulson, who has been on the job just over a year. "The RCMP hadn't been tracking until I got here and now we are. We're tracking them all."
The discovery that no one within the RCMP had a comprehensive list of Mounties who'd been disciplined, became obvious after CBC News asked for basic data between 2005 and 2008 that included offences and findings by internal adjudications boards.
CBC News submitted the request in November 2008. It was delivered four years later in November 2012. An officer who handled the file offered an embarrassed apology, and explained the delay was due to the list having to be created from scratch.
Serious problem in management
Walter Kostekyj, a Vancouver lawyer and former RCMP officer himself, was astonished.
"It tells you there's a serious problem in management," Kostekyj said.
"How would they measure their training? How would they measure who they're selecting to be a police officer if they're not keeping track of who it is they're having problems with?"
Josh Paterson, executive director of the B.C. Civil Liberties Association called it irresponsible.
"The RCMP is an organization charged with keeping track of crime right across the country," Paterson said.
"And yet within their own organization, they had no way, short of spending four years pulling this research together, knowing the rate at which their officers were committing very serious misconduct.
"Senior leaders in Ottawa, and here in British Columbia would not have been able to say with any confidence, do we have a problem or do we not have a problem with the most serious kinds of misconduct with our force. They just didn't have that information."
Misconduct not rampant
As it turns out, the details don't suggest that misconduct was rampant. There are approximately 19,000 serving members, and just 335 were brought before a tribunal over the four year period, including:
35 cases of assault, sexual assault and harassment.
30 officers impaired on the job or while driving.
29 Mounties who gave false or misleading statements.
16 unauthorized uses of CPIC, the central police data base.
Many of the allegations are also criminal offences, including two cases of possession of child pornography. The CBC asked for details on which cases went on to criminal prosecution, but the RCMP did not make that information available.
And while about 50 of the cases were withdrawn, in some cases due to the expiry of the statutory time limit for a hearing, more than a third were deemed so egregious the officers involved either quit, were forced to resign or had to forfeit 10 days pay — the harshest punishment under the RCMP Act short of dismissal.
Just mistakes
However the commissioner downplays the significance of the findings.
"95 per cent are just things where people have made mistakes", Paulson told CBC News. "And, police work is very complicated and people are going to make mistakes."
Paterson took issue with Paulson's characterization.
"Surely they are mistakes", he said. "But these aren't just your garden variety, Oops! I screwed up today at work. These are some serious, serious matters."
Compassion for misconduct
Although the list obtained by CBC News had all the names removed, Abe Townsend, a long serving member of the force, recognized some of the cases just by the allegations.
"It's sad," he said. "One incident is too many."
Townsend sits on the National Executive of the RCMP's Staff Relations Representative (SRR) program. When a Mountie runs into trouble, they turn to the SRR for help.
Townsend wasn't surprised by the number of incidents. He said it's consistent with the average of about 100 cases of formal discipline a year.
"I'm discouraged that it wasn't being tracked in a more centralized way" he said.
But, Townsend said the details show that members are being held accountable. Even when they're off duty, officers are still subject to the code of conduct, and Townsend appeals for compassion.
"It's physically and psychologically arduous work," Townsend insisted.
"That's been shown not only by our studies but by other Canadian studies, and international studies, and it wears on you. It does wear you down both physically and psychologically. Not to make any excuses because that's not what I'm making, I'm just pointing out a reality."
But Kosteckyj believed that most Canadians would be surprised by the breadth of misconduct committed by people who go through rigorous recruitment and training.
"It's a fair comment that you're going to get some aberrant behaviour in the RCMP", Kosteckyj conceded.
"You're going to have some mistakes made. You're going to have some guys drinking more than they should — and driving. But these things go beyond that", Kosteckyj said, adding that Police are supposed to set an example.
"You're not expected to be driving and impaired, you're not expected to be guilty of harassment, you're not expected to mistreat prisoners," Kosteckyj insisted.
"These are all things that the RCMP are sworn to uphold and prevent — not participate in."
The RCMP withheld some data requested by CBC News. The reasons why some Mounties were punished were redacted, including for the 21 officers who resigned over their misconduct.
The RCMP also refused to list the regions in which all of the incidents took place. An RCMP spokesman told CBC News that was to protect the privacy of the offenders, even though none were named in the document.
"My suspicion would be that the greatest amount of these would be in the province of British Columbia," Kosteckyj suggested.
"E Division (the largest division in the RCMP) has the highest proportion of members in uniform in Canada."
Paterson was all for privacy, but he didn't see the argument in this case.
"I think there's a higher public interest in being able to know where in the country are these kinds of things occurring.
"Are the instances of very serious police misconduct going up? Going down? What are the trend lines? And really we need that information broken down by region so that [it] is of much more use to people right across the country.
"There's been a real crisis of confidence," Paterson pointed out. "I think people in this province would want to know, do we have a problem?"
Paulson said he wants to know as well.
"We always need to be aware of our training practices," he said.
"It's another sort of indicator I need on my dashboard to know where the organization is going."
By Alex Tarrant
A more comprehensive tax policy looks set to be on new Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern's Election 2017 agenda as the shackles imposed by Andrew Little's ‘no change' stance are lifted.
Ardern was keeping her policy cards close to her chest on Tuesday after taking over from Little, saying she would embark on a 72-hour stock take of Labour's campaign and policy manifesto.
But importantly, she did not rule out taking a much more comprehensive tax policy to the electorate before 23 September than Labour's current policy, and even seemed to encourage speculation.
I'm told that a more progressive stance is set to appear.
Ardern also indicated she would like to add policy to the election manifesto. As Labour's policy costings have already been published, any extra spending might need to be covered by extra revenue as the party seeks to stay within its self-imposed Budget Responsibility Rules.
However, this doesn't seem to be in the 'revenue-for-policy-sake' bucket. Rather, it will be in the 'we think New Zealand needs a more progressive tax system' bucket.
'Tackling inequality'
Asked whether she favoured bringing back Labour's former capital gains tax policy, Ardern replied:
“I think it's fair to say, and anyone's who's watched me in politics over the last nine years, and watched Labour's values as well, will know that I'll be very focussed on issues of inequality. That's a major concern for me.”
While she asked for time to review policy ideas over the next three days, Ardern added: “but there will be a few different ideas that I'll be talking to the team about.”
Later during her first press conference as leader, I asked whether Labour would be taking a more comprehensive tax policy into the election as opposed to Little's former stance. As I asked the question, a wry smile appeared momentarily on finance spokesman Grant Robertson's face.
Robertson appears energised by the prospect of actually being able to take a progressive tax policy into the election campaign.
Former Labour leader Phil Goff's move to run on a capital gains tax stance in 2011, something David Shearer and David Cunliffe carried on, has softened the electorate to such talk from a major party. Capital Gains Tax was only spoken about in dark corners of the Parliamentary precinct before Goff went out on a limb with it following the 2010 Tax Working Group's recommendations.
What we're still not sure on at the moment is what a new Labour package could include. But Robertson is a CGT fan and also a fan of a top higher personal income tax rate. The word 'progressive' may as well be tattooed across his back. I'd note that Robertson was also the driving force behind Labour's consideration of a universal basic income before Little shut the idea down as being too wild.
While a UBI might be a step too far this election, could Labour's previous policy of a tax-free threshold for income come back on the agenda? It would be the first step in that direction.
Perhaps Ardern and Robertson won't look to rock the boat that much, but we can certainly expect the Labour Party before 23 September to announce a much more comprehensive tax policy than it currently has.
When Little became leader in 2014 he was quick to drop pretty much all of Labour's tax initiatives including that capital gains tax. Talk of a higher top personal income tax rate also disappeared under his tenure. In its place have appeared a number of minor tweaks – extending the bright line test, ending secondary tax, and later, a move to combat negative gearing.
As I wrote on Monday, the stance meant the Green Party was able to take on the mantle of being the number one promoter of a more progressive income tax system, while also being able to attract the attentions of those keen on a capital gains tax.
Little did allow Robertson the promise that Labour would form a new tax working group sometime before 2020 to work out how to tax income, wealth and assets much more fairly, with the potential to take recommendations into that year's election. But that's not really a proper tax policy.
Ardern's first press conference as leader - being able to handle Winston & The Greens
Meanwhile, Jacinda Ardern's first press conference as leader appeared to be well-received. She was happy to take control of proceedings, and push back at journalists when asked critical questions.
Importantly, Ardern indicated she was willing to find common ground with New Zealand First leader Winston Peters if that were required. What was her message to him? “I like single malts,” she said referencing Peters' famous love for whisky. It was a whisky session with Jim Bolger in 1996 that helped form a government back then, after all.
“The point I'm trying to make is that, we'll find our common ground. You won't hear a lot of conversation about that from us in the election campaign. We're going to be focussed on Labour,” Ardern said.
However, there was still a hint of Little's criticism of Peters from the weekend. If voters wanted assurance that National wouldn't be in charge after the election, the surest way was to vote Labour. “If the voters present something different to us, then we'll work with that. But I'm sure we'll find common ground if and when we're required to do that.”
The message was largely the same for the Green Party. The Memorandum of Understanding between the two parties would stay, although Labour's campaign would only be about Labour's policies.
Ardern said attaching any of Labour's current woes to the rise in the polls the Greens have seen since the MoU was signed wasn't a useful exercise. Labour's team took responsibility for its own campaign. “I'm not interested in the relative effect of other parties,” she said.
One of the answers that drew the most reaction from the media pack was to a question of whether Ardern could lead a cabinet that included the Greens and Winston Peters: “I used to be the President of an international youth organisation that had members from Lebanon, Palestine and Israel. I think I can do this.”
It wasn't an answer anyone was expecting, and it did the trick. There were answers to every question. Was she ready to be Prime Minister? Her team wouldn't have appointed her if they didn't think so.
“I've had nigh on twenty years of experience working in and around politics,” Ardern said. She also referenced her “pretty diverse rural background” growing up in Morrinsville as helping prepare her for the job. “Granted, I am a young proposition for the party. But this team has worked alongside me for nine years. They have faith in me and I absolutely believe I'm up to the job.”
An inter-generational election
Another tack into Greens territory was Ardern's targeting of young people, and talking about her appointment as signalling generational change.
“I'm very mindful that the next generation is about to inherit a New Zealand that isn't better than what their parents experienced. So, our focus will be about bringing fairness back into New Zealand. We'll have a focus on equality and inequality…” she said. “I want to take stock for a bit. What will be clear to people though - it is a generational difference.”
Also: “At stake is a chance to build a New Zealand that is better than we found it, and to build a future to look forward to.” And: “We can prepare ourselves and future generations for a much brighter future.”
On the Maori Party, the door was left open, even by new deputy Kelvin Davis. Maori Party President Tuku Morgan on Tuesday called for the new Labour leadership to be open to working with his party, as Maori around the country had been telling him they would prefer the two parties worked together than Maori with National.
It was a far cry from Morgan's sharp criticisms of Little a few months ago, where he accused the Labour Party leader of throwing his Maori caucus under the bus by not accepting them on the list. Little then ruled out working with the Maori Party – which formed in 2004 after splitting from Labour.
Davis' message to Morgan and co: “If the Maori Party is still standing after the election, they'd have to up their game if they want to work with us.” It's not in ‘wide open arms' territory but the comment was welcomed by Maori co-leader Marama Fox to some extent. Do we see a slight twinkle in the eye of those who reckon a Labour-Greens-Maori coalition could get over the line if polling improves? (By a lot.)
The worst job in politics
Asked whether she was ready for the extra scrutiny that came with becoming Prime Minister, Ardern did say there wasn't much that compared to the role in terms of preparing for it. “And all of us are untested until we have the opportunity to trial for something like that.”
“I present a real difference for New Zealanders and a new vision as well, on behalf of the Labour Party. So, I'm ready to take on that challenge and I'm excited about the campaign,” she said. “Everyone knows I have just accepted, with short notice, the worst job in politics. But I also welcome this job. It is an enormous privilege to be the leader of the New Zealand Labour Party.”
Some commentators have pointed to Ardern's age (“I'm youth-adjacent,” she did admit) as implying she won't be able to handle the role of leader of the Opposition, let along Prime Minister. The Labour Party is well known for its infighting and strong voices.
From what was on show, Ardern appeared ready to at least try and handle it. Stuart Nash was asked about a comment yesterday that he didn't think Labour should change leader this close to election. Before Nash could reply, his new leader took control: “Stuart already has acknowledged to me that he was wrong.” To which Nash could only add: “What she said.”
So, if she was ready for the role, and believed Labour does stand a chance – with or without a grand coalition of the left – then did she have a message for Prime Minister Bill English?
“Don't be complacent.”
Seeing the Moon a guest May 17th, 2012 43 Never a guest43Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 6.07 KB Chapter 8 – Which Came First: the Chicken or the Max? The eyes of the crew were glued to the window as they watched the end of one of theirs. The Red October drove a straight, fast course for the base of a mountain. Then it touched. The world stood still. The crew held their breath. An empty boom echoed through the water. Pebbles from the damaged mountain drifted through the water, to the ocean floor. Little cracks spread over the sub's body like a dropped eggshell. The submarine's nose crunched and compressed. The world began to rumble. The Nautilus crew could feel it too. It was imminent destruction. Chunks of concrete, fragments of metal, and shards of glass flew through the interior. In the control room, the rubble triggered something: an electric energy that was surging through the entire sub. There was a half-second of silence before all the energy was released as light and sound. The generated heat dissipated into bubbles in the water, rising quickly towards the surface while pieces of the mountain hurried down. One explosion triggered the next until nothing remained. The Nautilus exploded in chaos. “What the hell just happened?” “The Red October…” “Why did it suddenly…?” “Pollak was…” “I can't believe he…” “Alex is actually dead…” “I have a feeling that wasn't a mistake…” “It wasn't.” “Somebody else must've killed him.” “It was NAD.” “Well, who is NAD?” “Who would want to kill Pollak?” “Cedric…” “It wasn't me, I swear!” “We'll you're the only one who knows how to control the…” “There are two other captains and Pollak is one of them!” “Yeah, but Pollak wouldn't kill himself…” “If I could have everyone's attention!” Appropriately Named Handsome Stranger Ranon Cox was wearing his detective hat again. The hall fell silent. “We need to stop accusing each other,” he said, finally. The crew looked puzzled. “What?” “Why?” Ranon sighed. Was no one else noticing this? “All of the suspects keep dying.” Ranon paced the hall, surveying the remaining crew. “This NAD guy only kills who we think he is.” “No,” Max pointed. “If that were true, I'd be dead by now.” Ranon gave him a deeply pitiful look. “I think I know who he is… And if I'm right, he's just saving you for last.” Max tried to keep that shiver from running up his spine. Upset, he managed to stammer, “Who is it?” “I don't know for sure, but…” “Who do you think he is?” Max demanded. Ranon frowned. “I don't think I should say.” Max frowned. “Well, I think I know who he is too.” He took a step forward. “And maybe you're next.” Ranon looked at him now, eyes narrowed. “Is that a threat?” Max threw his hands up in defense. “No, man! All I'm saying is be careful!” “Why would I need to be careful?” “You're trying to crack this case.” “That's because I'm probably the most logical guy left.” Aside, Cedric shook his head in protest. “Your investigations are taking you where NevAlDe doesn't want you to go.” “And how would you know where NevAlDe doesn't want me to go?” Max and Ranon glared at each other, suspiciously. “Hey, guys?” The crew looked down the hall, where Max stood, near the escape chute. “What's going on? What did I miss?” he called. Ranon was the first to look back to the Max he had been arguing with. Of course, that Max was no longer there. “What the fuck, Max?” V shouted. “What did I do?” the real Max called, his voice cracking. “And where have you been this whole time?” Cedric inquired, suspiciously. “I was at… the Mess Hall,” Max stammered. The crew stared at him in disbelief and Max stared back at them, wide-eyed. “I was hungry!” he tried to explain. “I had all these chicken sandwiches I was going to eat and…” “Fat-ass,” Cedric mumbled under his breath. “… but I didn't get to eat any of them! It was the earthquake! I fell down the stairs!” “You fell… down the stairs?” Cedric repeated in disbelief. “It keeps happening!” Max squawked. Patrick erupted in frustrated declarations. “I WARNED YOU, DOG! I TOLD YOU ABOUT THE STAIRS!” Max whined. “Eating chicken is hard…” Ranon was deep in thought. Too deep for you. “This one's the real Max,” he mused. “What?” the Other Max squawked. “But he--!” “How do you know?” Ranon was thinking too loudly to hear them. “Now there's only… I need to find…” He walked off, too pensive to continue. The crew watched him go, completely confused. Max looked around, still baffled. “So, guys?” he asked. “What just happened?” NAD paced down the empty hall, shaking his head, miserably. “An underwater earthquake?” he thought aloud. “How stupid is he?” “I could take you in a straight up fist fight. Definitely.” NAD turned to face El Mysterio. “That was a nice move back there,” he congratulated him. “Crashing the sub, killing Pollak, being Max…” El Mysterio was silent, confused, as if to say, “That wasn't me; I didn't do that…” NAD chuckled pleasantly. “I know, I know, that was me.” He smiled. “But I'll let you take credit for it, though… if you want…” El Mysterio still didn't respond. NAD figured he was here to talk about a fistfight and a fistfight only. That was so typical of materialized electrical energies. Unless their creator was manipulating them at the time, they couldn't do anything more than what they were assigned to do. El Mysterio, or EM (who NAD was tempted to call “Emma”)'s current task was to challenge NAD to a fistfight. NAD resolved to give him a response. “If you want to, I guess,” he smiled. “When are we talking?” Emma didn't respond. Instead, he vanished. NAD watched him go and wondered who this mysterious “el” was. Actually, he wasn't very mysterious. He was more… strange. And it's too bad he was wearing a mask. NAD bet he was handsome, too.
RAW Paste Data
Chapter 8 – Which Came First: the Chicken or the Max? The eyes of the crew were glued to the window as they watched the end of one of theirs. The Red October drove a straight, fast course for the base of a mountain. Then it touched. The world stood still. The crew held their breath. An empty boom echoed through the water. Pebbles from the damaged mountain drifted through the water, to the ocean floor. Little cracks spread over the sub's body like a dropped eggshell. The submarine's nose crunched and compressed. The world began to rumble. The Nautilus crew could feel it too. It was imminent destruction. Chunks of concrete, fragments of metal, and shards of glass flew through the interior. In the control room, the rubble triggered something: an electric energy that was surging through the entire sub. There was a half-second of silence before all the energy was released as light and sound. The generated heat dissipated into bubbles in the water, rising quickly towards the surface while pieces of the mountain hurried down. One explosion triggered the next until nothing remained. The Nautilus exploded in chaos. “What the hell just happened?” “The Red October…” “Why did it suddenly…?” “Pollak was…” “I can't believe he…” “Alex is actually dead…” “I have a feeling that wasn't a mistake…” “It wasn't.” “Somebody else must've killed him.” “It was NAD.” “Well, who is NAD?” “Who would want to kill Pollak?” “Cedric…” “It wasn't me, I swear!” “We'll you're the only one who knows how to control the…” “There are two other captains and Pollak is one of them!” “Yeah, but Pollak wouldn't kill himself…” “If I could have everyone's attention!” Appropriately Named Handsome Stranger Ranon Cox was wearing his detective hat again. The hall fell silent. “We need to stop accusing each other,” he said, finally. The crew looked puzzled. “What?” “Why?” Ranon sighed. Was no one else noticing this? “All of the suspects keep dying.” Ranon paced the hall, surveying the remaining crew. “This NAD guy only kills who we think he is.” “No,” Max pointed. “If that were true, I'd be dead by now.” Ranon gave him a deeply pitiful look. “I think I know who he is… And if I'm right, he's just saving you for last.” Max tried to keep that shiver from running up his spine. Upset, he managed to stammer, “Who is it?” “I don't know for sure, but…” “Who do you think he is?” Max demanded. Ranon frowned. “I don't think I should say.” Max frowned. “Well, I think I know who he is too.” He took a step forward. “And maybe you're next.” Ranon looked at him now, eyes narrowed. “Is that a threat?” Max threw his hands up in defense. “No, man! All I'm saying is be careful!” “Why would I need to be careful?” “You're trying to crack this case.” “That's because I'm probably the most logical guy left.” Aside, Cedric shook his head in protest. “Your investigations are taking you where NevAlDe doesn't want you to go.” “And how would you know where NevAlDe doesn't want me to go?” Max and Ranon glared at each other, suspiciously. “Hey, guys?” The crew looked down the hall, where Max stood, near the escape chute. “What's going on? What did I miss?” he called. Ranon was the first to look back to the Max he had been arguing with. Of course, that Max was no longer there. “What the fuck, Max?” V shouted. “What did I do?” the real Max called, his voice cracking. “And where have you been this whole time?” Cedric inquired, suspiciously. “I was at… the Mess Hall,” Max stammered. The crew stared at him in disbelief and Max stared back at them, wide-eyed. “I was hungry!” he tried to explain. “I had all these chicken sandwiches I was going to eat and…” “Fat-ass,” Cedric mumbled under his breath. “… but I didn't get to eat any of them! It was the earthquake! I fell down the stairs!” “You fell… down the stairs?” Cedric repeated in disbelief. “It keeps happening!” Max squawked. Patrick erupted in frustrated declarations. “I WARNED YOU, DOG! I TOLD YOU ABOUT THE STAIRS!” Max whined. “Eating chicken is hard…” Ranon was deep in thought. Too deep for you. “This one's the real Max,” he mused. “What?” the Other Max squawked. “But he--!” “How do you know?” Ranon was thinking too loudly to hear them. “Now there's only… I need to find…” He walked off, too pensive to continue. The crew watched him go, completely confused. Max looked around, still baffled. “So, guys?” he asked. “What just happened?” NAD paced down the empty hall, shaking his head, miserably. “An underwater earthquake?” he thought aloud. “How stupid is he?” “I could take you in a straight up fist fight. Definitely.” NAD turned to face El Mysterio. “That was a nice move back there,” he congratulated him. “Crashing the sub, killing Pollak, being Max…” El Mysterio was silent, confused, as if to say, “That wasn't me; I didn't do that…” NAD chuckled pleasantly. “I know, I know, that was me.” He smiled. “But I'll let you take credit for it, though… if you want…” El Mysterio still didn't respond. NAD figured he was here to talk about a fistfight and a fistfight only. That was so typical of materialized electrical energies. Unless their creator was manipulating them at the time, they couldn't do anything more than what they were assigned to do. El Mysterio, or EM (who NAD was tempted to call “Emma”)'s current task was to challenge NAD to a fistfight. NAD resolved to give him a response. “If you want to, I guess,” he smiled. “When are we talking?” Emma didn't respond. Instead, he vanished. NAD watched him go and wondered who this mysterious “el” was. Actually, he wasn't very mysterious. He was more… strange. And it's too bad he was wearing a mask. NAD bet he was handsome, too.
Hey African Americans, Ben Carson is targeting you. He has a radio ad out now that's intended to reach urban demographics. Uh oh.
You know what this means.
Advertisement
Dammit.
And of course it's as bad as you think it would be because it's EXACTLY what you think it is.
In case you weren't sure just how out of touch Ben Carson is with the Black community, you are DEFINITELY going to be sure now. From the article:
Carson himself doesn't rap in the 60-second radio spot, which will play for two weeks in Miami, Atlanta, Houston, Detroit, Birmingham, Alabama, Jackson, Mississippi, Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas. A rapper named Aspiring Mogul raps, "Vote and support Ben Carson for our next president and be awesome," over clips of Carson remarks about freedom and personal responsibility.
Advertisement
Those cities? Those are some Black ass cities. I see what you're trying to do Ben Carson. But let's be honest here for a second, okay, Uncle Ben? This ad isn't going to make anybody vote for you. In fact, it sounds like exactly what would happen if a white person was trying to make a rap ad. Maybe it's a class thing. Maybe Ben is so out of touch with the very community he's seeking that he doesn't even know that he looks worse than Jeb Bush doing this. Sure, Jeb would do this and it would be racist. But at least he could feign ignorance.
By the way, making a hiphop ad doesn't make him out of touch with the Black community. THINKING that you're going to get the voters most likely to vote for you, ie UBER conservative Black people, with a hiphop ad does. He has NO clue how to reach the very people who are most likely to vote for him. And I guarantee those people will not be swayed - if they'll ever even hear - a rap ad. Ben better take his ass to somebody's church and fight that fight with The Clark Sisters and Israel Houghton.
But nope. Ben called up somebody and said, "hey, I'm trying to get Black votes in the south…oh and Detroit, there's lots of Black people there right? Can you make me a rappity ad? Black people like rap right? In my day we listened to Bach and Brahms…and Shalamar. But now they're all into the rap. So let's do us a rap ad? That's not a bad idea is it, guys?"
Advertisement
Since I imagine that most of Ben Carson's staff is white people, I'm thinking they were like, "Um, I don't know? But we know it can't be racist if YOU do it Ben!"
Also, can somebody get Aspiring Mogul on the line so we can ask him who he really is? I'll be mad as hell if it's Smitty. But hell, a check is a check, right?
"Vote and support Ben Carson for our next president and be awesome!"
If I can do a bit of theorizing here, I'm guessing "Aspiring Mogul" got hit off the phone and was like, "oh hell naw!" Then he thought about it and was like, "this nigga won't know if I gave him anything decent or not. I'll just give him some throwaway track my cousin Mookie made on Fruity Loops and say a few words that rhyme. What rhymes with Carson? Oh, right. Awesome. Sweet. This shit is almost too easy. BEN I'M ALL IN!"
Advertisement
That's what I'd do. Then Ben threw in the word "freedom" which I think all Black folks are attuned to. If I'm walking down the street and somebody yells out "freedom" from 100 yards away, I can't lie, I'm gonna turn around and say, "where's the freedom!!?!?!?!"
It's a shit ad. But it's also the exact type of shit ad you'd expect Ben Carson to drop if he was trying to reach Black voters in some of the Blackest cities in America. Notice that ad isn't coming to DC, NY, or Chicago.
Then again, if Ben Carson releases a drill ad, maybe he can get it in Spike's movie.
Advertisement
Thanks, Obama.
NEW HAVEN — When Maya Jenkins was accepted to Yale, her family erupted in joy. Still, her mother confessed a concern: that her daughter might be assigned to Calhoun College, one of the 12 residential colleges at the heart of the university's undergraduate life. It is named for John C. Calhoun, a Yale valedictorian-turned-politician from South Carolina and one of the 19th century's foremost white supremacists, who promoted slavery as “a positive good.”
Ms. Jenkins, a black sophomore from Indianapolis, brushed aside her mother's apprehensions, but a few months later, she was indeed placed in Calhoun, where depictions of its namesake abound. As she eats lunch in the dining hall or studies in the common room, the historical association feels inescapable.
“I'm constantly thinking about Calhoun the slave owner staring me down,” Ms. Jenkins, 19, said. “It's supposed to be my home, but I feel like I can't be my full self here.”
She belongs to a growing chorus of students, alumni and faculty members calling on Yale to rename the college. The idea has circulated around campus for decades, to minimal effect. But this academic year, galvanized by the massacre in Charleston and the removal of the Confederate battle flag outside the South Carolina State House, Yale finds itself in a renewed debate over its historical ties to slavery and the symbols of that affiliation.
Common SJW Phrases Translated into English
Have you ever looked at an SJW and wondered “just what is this idiot trying to tell me?” Or, have you perhaps contemplated the intellectual musings of a Tumblrista and wondered “what in the everlasting fuck is this person actually saying?”
Well, wonder no more. Your friendly neighborhood Lord High Inquisitor of Capitalism has provided these translations from Communese into modern American English. For my friends of British persuasion, just add an occasional pointless “u” into words like color, in order to translate into the Queen's.
1. “Let's have a Conversation.” The direct translation for this is “your opinion hurts my feelings and you need to change it.” But this fails to capture the essence of the phrase. When an SJW says this, what they really mean is that you have departed from the traditional narrative, and you are being warned that your non-conforming opinion needs to be changed immediately. Failure to do so will result in denunciation and accusations of racism, sexism, etc… Having a conversation means agreeing with the SJW on all particulars.
2. “Educate yourself!” Directly translated, this is “I can't understand why you don't agree with the accepted narrative.” But again, there are nuances here. This can be considered a final warning before denunciation and attempts to attack your character. The SJW is warning you that there will be consequences if you don't agree with the politically correct narrative. Perhaps they will try to get you fired, or dox you, or some other form of unpleasantness. The subtle translation is “obey the dictates of Social Justice or else!”
3. You are a Racist!” You're white. And probably male, cis-gendered, and straight. Remember, all white men are racists, and any accusation of racism is prima facie evidence of guilt. Progressive white men can be exempted by proclamation by the SocJus community. But this exemption can be revoked at any time, in which case you revert to being a racist.
4. “You're a Misogynist!” You're white. And probably male, cis-gendered, and straight. Remember, all white men are sexists, and any accusation of sexism is prima facie evidence of guilt. Progressive white men can be exempted by proclamation by the SocJus community. But this exemption can be revoked at any time, in which case you revert to being a sexist.
5. “You're an Islamophobe!” You have common sense, which is, of course, a violation of accepted SocJus norms. The only sense you are allowed to have is fed to you by the media. When the media tells you Islam is good and Christianity is evil, you must accept this with no further discussion or demands for evidence.
6. “I can't be a racist because racism equals privilege plus discrimination.” This means the SJW is a racist and hates white people. Bahar Mustafa, a woman of Turkish ethnicity famously proclaimed that her Turkish heritage meant that she could never be a racist. My Armenian ancestors would disagree, of course. But college feminists are far more oppressed than people thrown into rail cars, shot, beaten to death, and/or crucified.
7. “That's Triggering!” Directly translated, this statement means roughly: “waaaaaaaah waaah waaaaaaaaaah!” A more nuanced translation would be “this made me cry, and I will throw a temper tantrum unless you make it go away.”
8. “We need a Safe Space!” The SJW wishes to re-institute segregation along racial and ethnic lines. Members of the KKK are currently kicking themselves for not thinking of this idea first. “Damnit,” says the Grand Wizard Dragon of Podunk, “if only we called Jim Crow ‘Safe Spaces for People of Color' we could have pulled it off…”
9. “Sexuality is Sacred!” When the dog humps the couch and manages to get himself off, you are required to give thanks to the environmentally-friendly, non-judgmental, transsexual, ethnic Goddess of Fedora-wearing neckbeards. Femen protesters, of course, can run around buck naked, touching themselves, and this is no big deal. The SJW is really saying that if you are not an SJW, all sex is rape and therefore you are a rapist. Of course, male SJWs never have sex with women anyway, so de facto, the SJW is saying that all heterosexual activity is rape.
10. “This is an example of Rape Culture!” It's something that normal human beings have been doing since the dawn of time, or creation, or whatever. This may mean having sex, reproducing, looking at attractive members of the opposite sex, etc… Usually, however, this is a specific reference to anything which depicts a beautiful or attractive woman in any way that would interest men. Wearing a bikini on a magazine cover, for instance. A direct translation would be “I saw a woman more attractive than my lard-filled, unshaven rear-end, and this hurts my feelings.”
11. “I am oppressed.” Generally uttered by upper-middle class white SJWs, but can occasionally be spoken by wealthy members of other ethnicities. What it really means is “I feel threatened by the peasantry.” It is a variant of the famous phrase attributed to Marie Antoinette: “let them eat cake.”
12. “I was raped.” Directly translated, this means “I had sex and later regretted it.” But sometimes having sex isn't even necessarily a prerequisite for this statement. It may also mean “I want attention from the media” or ” somebody said hi to me when I was walking to my gender studies class.” Context is important when deciphering this phrase.
13. “Gamers are dead.” Gamers are very much alive and are an irritant in the eyes of the SJW who uttered this.
14. “Fat is beautiful.” Directly translated: “Every human being is equally attractive to every other human being, except white males, who are really, really ugly.” Usually uttered by the most vile, mammoth, sloth-like, vaguely-female “humans” ever to walk the Earth.
15. “Jesus was a Socialist.” Direct translation: “I'm a moron who thinks that a cursory understanding of religion fed to me by the media is more accurate than the beliefs of those who actually adhere to and study their faith.”
16. “Everybody should be equal.” Directly translated: “Give me money. Really. My Patreon is over there…”
17. “I was discriminated against.” Directly translated: “Somebody doesn't like me. I'm a good gender-queer, hydrosexual, poopkin, trans-ethnic feminist, so I can't imagine why.” Usually uttered by the dumbest, most unpleasant people imaginable. Most individuals would rather hang out with Jeffrey Dahmer than whoever said this.
18. “I think you're a Nazi.” Directly translated: “Everything I don't like is literally Hitler. The undercooked fries from McDonald's? Hitler. The fitness magazine depicting attractive men and women? Hitler. Republicans? Hitler. Straight people? Hitler. White people? Hitler.”
19. “You're a Homophobe.” This one has a bit of nuance to it. This is really code for being a cis-gendered heterosexual who failed to praise homosexuality with every second breath. However, any homosexual (Milo, basically) who departs from the narrative can be safely attacked. Indeed, failing to insult a conservative homosexual is grounds for immediate expulsion from SocJus and is, paradoxically, proof of homophobia.
20. “That's Cultural Appropriation.” Translation: India's culture dates back at least 4,000 years, but it is threatened whenever a white girl wears a bindi. Chinese civilization is ancient, and arguably the largest economy in the world at the present moment. But it is threatened by the presence of a white guy ordering take out. Cultural Appropriation is one of those nebulous terms that periodically pops up in SJW discourse. Since, according to them, white people have no culture, they must steal it from everyone else. And this stealing is racism. But, since they view everything as cultural appropriation of some kind, the only way to satisfy them would be to cease to exist. Or, perhaps, you could pull a Shaun King and declare yourself to be black. That, of course, is not Cultural Appropriation.
That about covers it. But, as always, your friendly neighborhood Lord High Inquisitor of Capitalism (and literally-Hitler) is always searching for more translations. Post in the comments and I'll pick the best ones for a followup.
Like this: Like Loading...
"We don't have any power and that petition with 2 or 3 thousand names, they won't give it the time of day"
NORTH BAY - A North Bay petition with more than 1,700 supporters is gaining momentum in the community.
Callander native Trevor Holliday created the petition on change.org called “To create the Province of ‘Northern Ontario.'”
Here's what it states:
"The Ontario Government has caused a divide of this beautiful province and vacating as well as segregation of the People of the North in order to solely get votes and not worry about the outcome or affects on Northern Ontario therefore an expansion of provinces is needed. In the 1970's the Northern Ontario Heritage Party saw the same issues and we're right on track.
"Northern Ontario includes: - Algoma, Manitoulin & Kapaskasing - Kenora - Nickle Belt - Nipissing & Timiskaming - Parry Sound & Muskoka - Sault Ste. Marie - Sudbury - Thunder Bay Rainy River - Thunder Bay Superior North - Timmins James Bay The people of Northern Ontario need to unite and be responsible for OUR: -Resources -Hydro -Transportation -Federal Government Financial Allow cation -Health care -Transportation Development & Mining We/you can truly make a difference! The province name I am proposing is not necessarily the official proposed name of the province 'Northern Ontario.'"
Ed Deibel has been down this road before.
More than 40 years ago, Mr. Deibel and a group of northern supporters camped out on the lawn of Queen's Park demanding to meet with then-premier Bill Davis.
Deibel eventually got in and asked Premier Davis if he would support a plebiscite on whether Northern Ontario should or could be its own political entity.
Deibel, now close to celebrating his 84th birthday, is still fighting for the rights of Northern Ontario as the leader of the Northern Ontario Heritage Party.
While he supports the petition, he believes getting the governments attention on this topic will be a challenge.
“We don't have any power and that petition with two or three thousand names, they won't give it the time of day,” said Deibel.
“But if we could have a party and elect 11 members who are there every day. That's the goal to elect them to the Ontario Legislature, we don't need a new province.”
However, he's glad his old idea is gaining some new youthful momentum.
“This movement he is carrying on, I congratulate him, on the basis that I am so proud of the fact that they are carrying on this movement to get our young people into it because they are going to be the ones that are going to move this thing ahead,” he said.
“We are trying to get people to vote for the Northern Ontario Heritage Party on the basis that the three parties in the legislature, they don't have a manufacturing policy for Northern Ontario, they don't have an economic policy for Northern Ontario, and this has been going on for 100 years.”
Check out the petition here
The death of CIA veteran John Lloyd Hadden a year ago went utterly unreported by establishment media in the United States. Given Hadden's known history, the blackout is perhaps not as much a reflection of the difficulty reporting on a clandestine career as a slap at his harsh but ardent defense of American interests against the State of Israel's constant incursions. Contrasted with big media's fawning recent obituaries of Israeli Shin Bet Chief Avraham Shalom, Americans should ask why journalists have passed over the opportunity presented by Hadden to report on epic historic showdowns between two state intelligence services.
A Harvard engineer intent on going to West Point, Hadden obtained a postwar”emergency commission” to work in Berlin engineering roads, bridges and an airstrip. After the Berlin Blockade, Hadden rushed to join the fledgling CIA so he could continue serving in Berlin. He was later stationed in Hamburg, Salzburg and intermittently in Washington. During the 1967 Six-Day War, Hadden served in Tel Aviv as CIA station chief. The closure of the Straits of Tiran and movement of Egyptian forces into the Sinai slowly reached a boiling point. In the run-up to Israel's sneak attack on Egypt, Hadden was urgently summoned to meet with Mossad Director Meir Amit on May 25, 1967. After Amit lamented that Israel had not immediately attacked Egypt, Hadden bluntly told the Israeli, “that would have brought Russia and the United States against you.” When Amit disagreed, stating the crisis was a U.S. problem as well, Hadden retorted, “Help us by giving us a good reason to come in on your side. Get them to fire at something, a ship for example.” After again warning Amit that an attack would provoke a US defense of the “attacked state,” hinting that US aid was on the line, and then telling Amit not to surprise the US, Hadden took his leave.
Despite Hadden's admonitions, the crisis did not play out at all like the 1956 Suez crisis in which President Eisenhower's resolve beat back an ill-advised British, French and Israeli pincer on Egypt. Amit simply went around Hadden and obtained what he later characterized as a “flickering green light” from the LBJ administration to attack Egypt. The Israeli war of choice that created so many lingering tensions and illegal land occupations began. In the end, the only significant vessel fired upon was the American surveillance ship the USS Liberty, attacked by Israel during the conflict on June 8, 1967 with the loss of 34 crew members.
Hadden's actor/writer son recorded interviews of his father after 9/11 as source material for his one-man play “Travels with a Masked Man.” The son recounts how during the Six-Day War Station Chief Hadden was not above disobeying ill-advised orders.
“One day, it was during the Six-Day War, I was at the office. I got a hot cable from Washington telling me to go to …my friend in the Mossad…and tell him we think it's okay to…XYZ (a catastrophe of destruction). I took one look at the thing and just dropped it in the shredder. It was on a weekend – some deputy's watch, some gung-ho idiot. It was the days of the proconsuls – and when [CIA Director Richard] Helms came in on Monday he said, ‘Christ, someone gets hold of him [Hadden] and tell him to ignore…XYZ!' I was lucky…I could say I'd never seen the damn thing…There were interesting moments.”
Hadden eventually came to be hated by the Mossad and Israeli intelligence services targeting the United States – a feeling that was mutual. He even went public with the CIA's findings that Israel had stolen large amounts of weapons-grade uranium from a US Navy contracting company called NUMEC run by Israel sympathizers in Apollo, Pennsylvania. His public statements helped fan public and congressional interest in finding out what happened at NUMEC and punishing the perpetrators. Insultingly, Hadden even compared spymaster Rafi Eitan's 1960 exploit kidnapping Nazi war criminal Adolph Eichmann from the streets of Buenos Aires with the later and much easier work of looting an under-capitalized smuggling front under the obliging eye of its owner.
"Just imagine to yourself how much easier it would be to remove a pound or two of this or that at any one time, as opposed to – which is inert material – as opposed to removing all at one blow. One hundred fifty pounds of shouting and kicking Eichmann. You see, they [the Israelis] are pretty good at removing things."
Hadden unequivocally claimed that NUMEC was "an Israeli operation from the beginning." The Israelis in Hadden's view were an unreliable source of US intelligence, and too often spurred to violence.
“The Israelis, of course, are a special case, because they're so small – and they're at war all the time – they can go out and murder people and do all kinds of things that we can't do. They get a lot done. Of course, Israeli intelligence is our main source of intelligence. Unexamined, and that's another problem…”
Hadden's obscure passing can be contrasted with the more recent and glowing New York Times and other fawning mainstream obituaries of Israeli spy Avraham Shalom. The “paper of record” duly mentions Shalom's aiding Rafi Eitan to capture Eichmann and ascension to commander of Shin Bet after the 1972 terror attacks on the Israeli Olympic team. Shalom's late in life criticism of Israel's harsh treatment of the Palestinians is also well known following the Oscar-nominated 2012 documentary “The Gatekeepers.”
Although many American obituaries mention that Shalom's real name was Avraham Bendor, none mention that he also accompanied Rafi Eitan on a well-documented 1968 incursion into the NUMEC plant along with the nuclear weapons program chief Avraham Hermoni at the invitation of NUMEC president (and Zionist Organization of America executive) Zalman Shapiro. According to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, 1968 was the year of NUMEC's highest losses. According to the Department of Energy, 339 kilograms currently remain “unaccounted for” even as the US Army Corps of Engineers expends $500 million in taxpayer funds cleaning up after the smuggling front.
Israeli journalists are not as skittish as their US counterparts in reporting – at least to other Israelis and paying subscribers – the long string of Israeli espionage assaults on American sovereignty. Veteran intelligence reporter Yossi Melman confessed in his Jerusalem Post May 27, 2014 report titled “Spy Story” (behind a paywall) that,
“The naked truth is that even before its inception and even more so since independence in 1948, Israel time and time again violated US laws, spied on US soil, stole its secrets, and violated its sovereignty… In rare cases, some of the Israeli operations were exposed by the FBI and US Customs. Israelis were expelled, equipment confiscated, complaints filed but they usually managed to get away unpunished. This happened even with the two most daring and outstanding operations targeting the US nuclear sector. In the first case in the '60s, according to US documents, a joint Lekem-Mossad team led by master spy Rafi Eitan stole enriched uranium from a depot of the NUMEC company in Apollo, Pennsylvania, which was handling nuclear waste for the US Atomic Energy Commission. NUMEC's owner was Zalman Shapiro, an Orthodox Jew who later would be on the board of governors of the Israeli Intelligence Heritage Center.”
The Israeli Intelligence Heritage Center honors spies for Israel who secretly took action to advance the state. The center also protects those “who are still operating and could be endangered by information from the past.” Seven of the center's eight “Hero of Silence” award recipient's identities remain secret, though former NUMEC president Zalman Shapiro – still denying culpability from Pittsburgh – is presumably one of them.
Despite intense, ongoing litigation over lingering radiation-related illnesses surrounding the former NUMEC site and massive cleanup costs, the Israeli government has never stepped forward to claim responsibility for creating the front company that created so much material loss, property damage and health problems. The CIA has never released any of its thousands of files about the NUMEC affair, signaling in one Freedom of Information Act response that only when a US president gives the go-ahead, and US intelligence agency worries about offending Israeli intelligence liaisons are diminished, will there ever be any direct information release. That time – likelier than not – will be never.
It is unseemly that the quiet passing of John Hadden – an American who tried to avert Israel's 1967 attack on Egypt, and then keep it from escalating – is so utterly overshadowed by laudatory obituaries for the Israeli he exposed looting weapons-grade nuclear material from Pennsylvania.
Read more by Grant Smith
Yakut,[1][2] also known as Sakha, Saqa or Saxa, is a Turkic language with around 450,000 native speakers spoken in the Sakha Republic in the Russian Federation by the Yakuts.
Like most Turkic languages and their ancestral Proto-Turkic, Yakut is an agglutinative language and employs vowel harmony.
Classification [ edit ]
Yakut is a member of the Northern Turkic family of languages, which includes Shor, Tuvan, and Dolgan in addition to Yakut. Like Turkish, Yakut has vowel harmony, is agglutinative and has no grammatical gender. Word order is usually subject–object–verb. Yakut has been influenced by Tungusic and Mongolian languages.[3]
Geographic distribution [ edit ]
Yakut is spoken mainly in the Sakha Republic. It is also used by ethnic Yakut in Khabarovsk Region and a small diaspora in other parts of the Russian Federation, Turkey, and other parts of the world. Dolgan, a close relative of Yakut, considered by some[who?] a dialect, is spoken by Dolgans in Krasnoyarsk Region. Yakut is widely used as a lingua franca by other ethnic minorities in the Sakha Republic – more Dolgans, Evenks, Evens and Yukagirs speak Yakut than their own languages. About 8% of the people of other ethnicities than Yakut living in Sakha claimed knowledge of the Yakut language during the 2002 census.[4]
Phonology [ edit ]
One characteristic feature of Yakut is vowel harmony. For example, if the first vowel of a Yakut word is a front vowel, the second and other vowels of the same word are usually the same vowel or another front vowel: кэлин (kelin) "back": э (e) is open unrounded front, и (i) is close unrounded front. Yakut initial s- corresponds to initial h- in Dolgan and played an important operative rule in the development of proto-Yakut, ultimately resulting in initial Ø- < *h- < *s-. Ubrjatova (1985) suggests that the rule was either reintroduced through Evenki contact, or may be a substratal feature of the Yakut language itself. An example is shown in the word meaning "not": Dolgan huoq and Yakut suox. This phonetic observation gave rise to two acknowledgements:[5]
that the original phenomenon in proto-Yakut may have likewise been the result of substratal influence. that the change of *s > h (debuccalization) is, however, well known and is far from unusual, being characteristic of such languages as Greek and Indo-Iranian in their development from Proto-Indo-European, as well as such Turkic languages as Bashkir, e.g. höt 'milk' < *süt.
Consonants [ edit ]
Consonant phonemes of Yakut Bilabial Dental Alveolar Palatal Velar Glottal Nasal m n ɲ ŋ Plosive voiceless p t c k voiced b d ɟ ɡ Fricative voiceless s x h voiced ɣ Approximant plain l j nasalized ȷ̃ Flap ɾ
Vowels [ edit ]
Vowel phonemes of Yakut Front Back unrounded rounded Close short i y ɯ u long iː yː ɯː uː Diphthong ie yø (wø) ɯa (ɛ) uo (wo) Open short e ø a o long eː øː aː oː
Writing system [ edit ]
Yakut is written using the Cyrillic script: the modern Yakut alphabet, established in 1939 by the Soviet Union, consists of the usual Russian characters but with five additional letters: Ҕҕ, Ҥҥ, Өө, Һһ, Үү.
Сахалыы сурук-бичигэ Saqalıı suruk-biçige (Yakut alphabet)
Letter Name IPA Note Turkic Latin translit.[ citation needed ] А а а /a/ A a Б б бэ /b/ B b В в вэ /v/ found only in Russian loanwords [6] V v Г г гэ /ɡ/ G g Ҕ ҕ ҕэ /ɣ, ʁ/ Ğ ğ Д д дэ /d/ D d Дь дь дьэ /ɟ/ C c Е е е /e, je/ found only in Russian loanwords Ye ye or e Ё ё ё /jo/ found only in Russian loanwords Yo yo Ж ж жэ /ʒ/ found only in Russian loanwords J j З з зэ /z/ found only in Russian loanwords Z z И и и /i/ İ i Й й ый /j, ȷ̃/ Nasalization of the glide is not indicated in the orthography Y y or Ỹ ỹ К к кы /k/ K k Л л эл /l/ L l М м эм /m/ M m Н н эн /n/ N n Ҥ ҥ ҥэ /ŋ/ Ñ ñ Нь нь ньэ /ɲ/ Ny ny О о о /o/ O o Ө ө ө /ø/ Ö ö П п пэ /p/ P p Р р эр /ɾ/ R r С с эс /s/ S s Һ һ һэ /h/ H h Т т тэ /t/ T t У у у /u/ U u Ү ү ү /y/ Ü ü Ф ф эф /f/ found only in Russian loanwords F f Х х хэ /q~x/ Q q (X x) Ц ц цэ /ts/ found only in Russian loanwords Ts ts Ч ч че /c/ Ç ç Ш ш ша /ʃ/ found only in Russian loanwords Ş ş Щ щ ща /ɕː/ found only in Russian loanwords Şş şş Ъ ъ кытаанах бэлиэ /◌./ found only in Russian loanwords " Ы ы ы /ɯ/ I ı Ь ь сымнатар бэлиэ /◌ʲ/ natively in дь and нь (see above); otherwise only in Russian loanwords ' Э э э /e/ E e Ю ю ю /ju/ found only in Russian loanwords Yu yu Я я я /ja/ found only in Russian loanwords Ya ya
Grammar [ edit ]
Syntax [ edit ]
The typical word order can be summarized as subject – adverb – object – verb; possessor – possessed; noun – adjective.
Nouns [ edit ]
Nouns have plural and singular forms. The plural is formed with the suffix /-LAr/, which may surface as -лар (-lar), -лэр (-ler), -лөр (-lör), -лор (-lor), -тар (-tar), -тэр (-ter), -төр (-tör), -тор (-tor), -дар (-dar), -дэр (-der), -дөр (-dör), -дор (-dor), -нар (-nar), -нэр (-ner), -нөр (-nör), or -нор (-nor), depending on the preceding consonants and vowels. The plural is used only when referring to a number of things collectively, not when specifying an amount. Nouns have no gender.
Final sound basics Plural affix options Examples Vowels, л -лар, -лэр, -лор, -лөр Кыыллар (beasts), эһэлэр (bears), оҕолор (children), бөрөлөр (wolves) к, п, с, т, х -тар, -тэр, -тор, -төр Аттар (horses), күлүктэр (shadows), оттор (herbs), бөлөхтөр (groups) й, р -дар, -дэр, -дор, -дөр Баайдар (rich), эдэрдэр (young), хотойдор (eagles), көтөрдөр (birds) м, н, ҥ -нар, -нэр, -нор, -нөр Кыымнар (sparks), илимнэр (fishing nets), ороннор (beds), бөдөҥнөр (large)
Pronouns [ edit ]
Personal pronouns in Yakut distinguish between first, second, and third persons and singular and plural number.
Singular Plural 1st мин (min) биһиги (bihigi) 2nd эн (en) эһиги (ehigi) 3rd human кини (kini) кинилэр (kiniler) non-human ол (ol) олор (olor)
Although nouns have no gender, the pronoun system distinguishes between human and non-human in the third person, using кини (kini, 'he/she') to refer to human beings and ол (ol, 'it') to refer to all other things.[7]
Questions [ edit ]
Question words in Yakut remain in-situ; they do not move to the front of the sentence. Sample question words include: туох (tuox) "what", ким (kim) "who", хайдах (xaydax) "how", хас (xas) "how much", ханна (xanna) "where", and ханнык (xannık) "which".
Vocabulary [ edit ]
Yakut (Cyrillic) Yakut (Latin) Turkish Azerbaijani English Mongolian (Cyrillic) /Mongolian (Latin) аччык aççık açlık aclıq hunger аас aas aç ac hungry аат aat ad ad name балык balık balık balıq fish балыксыт balıksıt balıkçı balıqçı fisherman yy uu su su water ус /us тимир timir demir dəmir iron төмөр /tömör күөл küöl göl göl lake нуур /nuur атах atax ayak ayaq foot мурун murun burun burun nose баттах battax saç saç hair үс /üs илии ilii el əl hand күн kün gün gün day, sun муус muus buz buz ice мөс /mös ыт ıt it is dog сүрэх sürex yürek ürək heart зүрх /zürx сарсын sarsın yarın sabah tomorrow бүгүн bügün bugün bugün today былыт bılıt bulut bulud cloud хаар xaar kar qar snow хаан xaan kan qan blood эт et et ət meat тиис tiis diş diş tooth ат at at at horse таас taas taş daş stone үүт üüt süt süd milk сүү /süü ынах ınax inek inək cow үнээ /ünee хара xara kara qara black хар / xar сыттык sıttık yastık yastıq pillow быһах bıhax bıçak bıçaq knife бытык bıtık bıyık bığ mustache кыс, кыһын kıs, kıhın kış, kışın qış, qışın winter туус tuus tuz duz salt тыл tıl dil dil tongue, language хэл /xel cаха тылa saxa tıla saha dili, sahaca saxa dili, saxaca Yakut language кыыс kııs kız qız girl, daughter уол uol oğul, oğlan oğul, oğlan son, boy үөрэтээччи üöreteeççi öğretici, öğretmen müəllim teacher үөрэнээччи üöreneeççi öğrenci,talebe şagird, tələbə student уһун uhun uzun uzun long, tall кулгаах kulgaax kulak qulaq ear сыл sıl yıl il year жил /jil киһи kihi kişi insan, kişi human, man хүн /hün суол suol yol yol road, way асчыт asçıt aşçı aşbaz cook тараах taraax tarak daraq comb орто orto orta orta middle күн ортото kün ortoto gün ortası günorta midday, noon күл kül gülmek gülmək to laugh өл öl ölmek ölmək to die ис is içmek içmək to drink бил bil bilmek bilmək to know көр kör görmek görmək to see хар /xar үөрэн üören öğrenmek öyrənmək to learn үөрэт üöret öğretmek öyrətmək to teach ытыр ıtır ısırmak dişləmək to bite хас xas kazmak qazmaq to dig тик tik dikiş dikmek, dikmek tikiş, tikmək to sew кэл kel gelmek gəlmək to come салаа salaa yalamak yalamaq to lick тараа taraa taramak daramaq to comb биэр bier vermek vermək to give бул bul bulmak tapmaq to find диэ die demek demək to say киир kiir girmek girmək to enter иһит ihit işitmek eşitmək to hear ас as açmak açmaq to open тут tut tutmak tutmaq to hold
Numbers [ edit ]
In this table, the Yakut numbers are written in Latin transcription (see Writing system).
Old Turkic Azerbaijani Turkish Yakut English bir bir bir biir one eki iki iki ikki two üç üç üç üs three tört dörd dört tüört four beş beş beş bies five altı altı altı alta six yetis yeddi yedi sette seven sekiz səkkiz sekiz ağis eight tokuz doqquz dokuz toğus nine on on on uon ten
Literature [ edit ]
The first printing in Yakut was a part of a book by Nicolaas Witsen published in 1692 in Amsterdam.
In 2005, Marianne Beerle-Moor, director of the Institute for Bible Translation, Russia/CIS, was awarded the Order of Civil Valour by the Yakut Republic for the translation of the New Testament into Yakut.[8]
Oral traditions [ edit ]
The Yakut have a tradition of oral epic in their language called "Olonkho", traditionally performed by skilled performers. Only a very few older performers of this Olonkho tradition are still alive. They have begun a program to teach young people to sing this in their language and revive it, though in a modified form.[9]
See also [ edit ]
Yakuts
Dolgan language
Semyon Novgorodov – the inventor of the first IPA-based Yakut alphabet
References [ edit ]
Content in Yakut [ edit ]
Gather around hockey fans and devoted gamblers, it's time for our daily meeting before we go off and make some potentially regrettable decisions with our money. Today on the docket: 3 games, sorted into Gold picks, Silver Picks, Bronze Picks, and black lumps of coal.
Let's see how today's numbers break down, using the trusty database-recall system.
—
—
Monday's Sheet: (goalies updated 12PM PT)
—
– One of these days, we're gonna get punished for continually fading the Avs, but until that day happens, I say “stay the course”. Give me CGY +100.
– Canucks are a decent pick as well, but I think the line is pretty much where it should be. I wouldn't jump all over it.
– Coyotes are off the podium this morning after the goalie change. Not a huge difference, but PHX was barely a recommended play to begin with.
—
Agree with the Gold pick? Disagree with it? See a betting line on the board that seems wrong? You know what to do (fill up the comment section).
—
Close
The remaining population of the cheetah in the wild hints that the world's fastest mammal is heading toward extinction.
Only 7,100 Cheetahs Left In The Wild
A new study that looked into the number of the speedy big cat estimated that there are only 7,100 of these animals left in the wild. The findings prompted calls for the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to re-categorize the species from vulnerable to endangered.
More than half of the surviving cheetahs in the world thrive in southern Africa as the cheetahs in Asia are already essentially gone and a group in Iran only numbers less than 50.
The current estimated number of cheetahs is based on data from experts in areas where these animals live and estimates for other areas.
Cheetah specialist Sarah Durant, from the Zoological Society of London, who is the lead author of the report that was published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, said the number is currently the best estimate of the cheetah population globally.
"This study represents the most comprehensive analysis of cheetah status to date," Durant said. "It is likely to be much more vulnerable to extinction than was previously thought."
Why Cheetahs Are In Trouble
Conservationists are faced with the challenges of protecting the cheetah because the animal ranges far beyond the protected areas.
The animal is among the widest-ranging carnivores roaming across areas of land far outside protected areas. About 77 percent of the habitats of cheetahs are outside parks and wild reserves, the study revealed, and this requires outreach to government and villages to promote tolerance for the meat-eating animal that sometimes hunt people's livestock.
Because farmers increasingly develop lands, cheetahs face habitat loss. They also face threats of attack from villagers as well as see decline in their prey because of bushmeat hunting.
The impact of the major changes in land tenure on the species is evident in Zimbabwe where the animal's population fell from around 1,200 to just 170 animals in just 16 years.
Other Threats Faced By Cheetahs
Despite their declining numbers, cheetah cubs are illegally traded. The young cats sell by as much as $10,000 each on the black market. About 85 percent of the 1,200 cheetah cubs that have been trafficked out of Africa over the past decade died during the journey. The animal is likewise threatened by trafficking of their skins and getting hit by vehicles.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT DISPENSARIES ALREADY IN PLACE,ESSENTIALLY GIVING THE MEDICALDISPENSARIES FIRST DIBS ON THEADULT-USE MARKETSINCE 2010, MARIJUANADISPENSARIES IN SACRAMENTO HAVEBEEN PROVIDING CANNABIS TOCLIENTS WITH MEDICAL MARIJUANACARDS, AND WITH A VOTE FROMSACRAMENTO CITY COUNCIL TOMORROWNIGHT, THOSE 30 DISPENSARIES CANAPPLY TO BECOME THE CITY'S FIRSTRECREATIONAL MARIJUANA STORES,SELLING CANNABIS PRODUCTS TOANYONE OVER 21.>> RIGHT NOW, WE'RE REALLYFOCUSED ON ESTABLISHING AREGULATORY ENFORCEMENT FRAMEWOFOR THE CANNABIS INDUSTRY THATWE HAVE IN SACRAMENTO.KEVIN: JOE DEVLIN IS IN CHARGEOF CANNABIS POLICY ANDENFORCEMENT FOR THE CITY.HE SAYS TUESDAY'S NIGHT CITYCOUNCIL MEMBERS WILL DECIDE TOWHAT EXTENT MARIJUANA WILL BEAVAILABLE IN THE CITY.JOE: IF THEY CHOSE TO DO SO, ITIS GOING TO BE IN A THOROUGH ANDMEASURED APPROACH.KEVIN: THE PROPOSAL WOULDN'TTURN DISPENSARIES INTO OPENSTORES AUTOMATICALLY OROVERNIGHJOE: WE'RE GOING TO GO THROUGHAND HAVE AN EVALUATION OF ALL OFOUR DISPENSARIES.KEVIN THE DISPENSARIES WOULD: FIRST HAVE TO SUBMIT ANEIGHBORHOOD RESPONSIBILITY PLANFOR CITY APPROVAL BUT THE CITY, IS MOTIVATED TO MAKE SOMEDECISIONS QUICKLY, WITH A LISTOF PERMITTING FEES RANGING FROM$4,000 FOR A SMALL INDOORGROWING OPERATION T $18,000 FORA DISTRIBUTION CENTER.THE CITY ESTIMATES MARIJUANACOULD BRING IN $16 MILLION INREVENUE IN THE FIRST THREE YEARSENOUGH TO PAY FOR 54 CITYPOSITIONS.COUNCILMEMBERS WILL ALSOCONSIDER RELAXING SOME PERMITREQUIREMENTS FOR LABORATORIES.CITY STAFF SAY THERE IS ASHORTAGE OF LABS IN PLACE RIGHTNOW TO TEST ALL MARIJUANA ANDMARIJUANA PRODUCTS FOR POTENTCYAND SAFETY.THAT'S SOMETHING THE CITY WANTS
Advertisement Sacramento may limit the number of recreational pot stores Sacramento City Council poised to vote on regulations for recreational-use marijuana stores Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Sacramento City Council will approve rules Tuesday for recreational-use marijuana stores within the city.City leaders will vote on a proposal, introduced by Sacramento's Office of Cannabis Policy and Enforcement, that outlines costs, permits and programs.Since 2010, medical dispensaries in Sacramento have provided cannabis to clients with medical marijuana cards."Right now, we're really focused on establishing a regulatory enforcement framework for the cannabis industry that we have in Sacramento," Cannabis Policy and Enforcement Chief Joe Devlin said.Devlin said city council members will decide to what extent marijuana will be available in the city."If (city council members) choose to do so, it is going to be in a thorough and measured approach," Devlin said.Council members are poised to pass the proposal but could change some of the rules. Here's a look at five highlights outlined in the regulations:POT STORE CAPThe cannabis office is proposing a cap of 30 marijuana store permits – at first.That number is the same as the number of medical marijuana dispensaries already in operation within the city. The move would essentially give the medical dispensaries first crack at the recreational marijuana market.DISPENSARIES WON'T CHANGEThe proposal wouldn't turn marijuana dispensaries into stores automatically or overnight."We're going to go through and have an evaluation of all of our dispensaries," Devlin said.The dispensaries would first have to submit a "Neighborhood Responsibility Plan" for city approval before receiving a recreational-use permit.POT PERMIT COSTSWith a list of permit fees ranging from roughly $4,000 for a small indoor growing operation to $18,000 for a distribution center, the city estimates marijuana could bring in $16.1 million in revenue in the first three years. That's enough to pay for 54 city positions.LAB PERMITSCouncil members will also consider relaxing some permit requirements for laboratories.City staff said there is a shortage of labs in place, right now, to test all marijuana and marijuana products for potency and safety.Testing requirements are something the city wants in place before recreational-use marijuana goes on the market on Jan. 1.NEW PROGRAMThe proposal also includes the creation of the CORE Program. It would waive fees for minority-owned cannabis small businesses.--How ready is California for pot? (Tap here for a closer look)Infogram
Speaking of diverse, a Beetle race car is not something we've seen in a long time, not to mention it's being driven in the 2014 GRC by a star of the track, Tanner Foust. In this next video, the ex Top Gear US host talks about his new ride. Powered by a 1.6-liter "TSI direct injected" turbocharged engine producing, this all-wheel drive Beetle is capable of accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in only 1.9 seconds.That's not the only thing making the Bug a fearsome track tool. To make 70-foot jumps possible, custom strut-type suspension with ZF dampers and about 9.1 inches of travel has been installed on all four corners. Mods also include a full roll cage, 17-inch rallycross wheels with Yokohama tires, a massive rear wing and widebody fenders. This is the sort of equipment that will make fans screamAndretti Motorsport has actually built two of these monsters, one for Foust and another for ex-Formula One and NASCAR driver Scott Speed."So why are they showing videos of a VW Polo?", you may ask. Well, Volkswagen says they'll be starting the season in a coupe of Polos that look very similar to the ones in the WRC. Mid-season, they will switch to the newer, more "".
Da Vinci's Resume
An Historic Lesson for Job Seekers
Corsair's Publishing Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 5, 2015
Much has been written about Leonardo Da Vinci's letter to Sforza, the Duke of Bari and Regent of Milan. Some claim it is the perfect Cover Letter, others the perfect Resume. It is probably a little of both, but as it includes bullet points — I would lean more toward the latter. Full text at the end of article.
Articles have appeared across the web analyzing the effectiveness and style of Da Vinci's letter. TheLadders, Business Insider, and Entrepreneur.com (just to name a few) have all posted blogs and articles on their sites. These articles focus on Leonardo's confidence, his salesmanship, his emphasis on what he could do over what he had done.
This is great, but I think it misses the point. The letter to Sforza is an amazing origins story for the modern resume. One that surely takes some liberties. It is also an historic view into the thinking and mindset of a 30 year old Da Vinci, a man a few years short of his coming glory, and in great need of a job.
It is also quite compelling that this letter, which is really only a draft, worked. Leonardo got the job or should we say… the project? For all of Da Vinci's wonderful bullet points about his vast knowledge and skill, he was brought to Milan for one of the final paragraphs.
Moreover, work could be undertaken on the bronze horse which will be to the immortal glory and eternal honour of the auspicious memory of His Lordship your father, and of the illustrious house of Sforza.
The bronze horse is the project he was given. Leonardo would never complete the project. It would actually take more the 500 years for the horse to be completed! Later correspondence would show that the project ran woefully over budget, but undaunted, Leonardo turned this opportunity into other more lucrative and successful projects including The Last Supper.
In the end, Da Vinci's resume is interesting, but maybe we should be more in awe of his 35 word project proposal. Or perhaps, his subsequent letters could teach us something under the more contemporary title of:
Da Vinci Gettin' Paid
Ramon Jaime Horta was deported from the United States six times, but still the Mexican national was somehow able to come back into the country and is now accused of a hit and run accident that left a man dead.
Horta (who was identified in some other reports as Ramon Horta-Jaime) was arrested this week and charged with killing Marcello Bisarello. Police said Hort did not have a valid license and was under the influence when he struck and killed the man in Santa Ana, then fled the scene.
Police caught up with Horta a few blocks later after a witness saw him allegedly flee the scene of the fatal accident. The witness, identified as Cesar Guzman, reportedly chased the suspect down, honking his horn and ultimately using his own vehicle to trap Horta and prevent his escape.
In Horta's car police allegedly found open beer containers, the OC Register reported.
Deported 6 times, Ramon Jaime Horta driving drunk hits and runs – Hero Witness captures him. #KatesLaw #CCOT #TRUMP pic.twitter.com/zN2xOfVvP6 — J Smith (@j_smith_7) November 6, 2015
Now Ramon Jaime Horta's long history with the law has come to light. He was convicted in 2001 of possession of a controlled substance and driving on a suspended license, NBC Los Angeles reported, leading to a nine month stint in jail and his first deportation.
Drunk driver Ramon Jaime Horta responsible for fatal hit-and-run deported SIX times https://t.co/kNh2PghKHf pic.twitter.com/5DCE2p3lgg — automagicdog (@automagicdog) November 7, 2015
But Horta couldn't seem to stay out of trouble after that initial arrest. He was deported four other times — in 2002, 2006, 2009, and 2012 — the report found, and during that time racked up convictions for drug possession, battery, and a number of other offenses.
The arrest of Ramon Jaime Horta has led to outrage in Southern California, with many angry at police and immigration officials for allowing him to return to the United States despite his constant trouble with the law.
The case is also reminiscent of another controversial case. Back in August, Victor Aureliano Martinez Ramirez was charged in a fatal attack on 64-year-old Marilyn Pharis. Police said Martinez broke into Pharis's home with a hammer on July 24, then sexually assaulted and ultimately killed her.
The details of the case were brutal, and they led many to criticize officials for allowing Ramirez to remain in the country despite his many convictions.
Santa Maria police chief Ralph Martin said the terrible killing could have been avoided if state and federal officials were stricter on illegal immigrants.
“I think this is a national issue – it starts with administration and their policies,” Martin said after Pharis died from the attack (via Fox News). “You can draw a direct line to this governor and legislature.”
“I am not remiss to say that from Washington, DC, to Sacramento, there is a blood trail to Marilyn Pharis' bedroom,” he added.
As Fox News reported, authorities had a chance to deport Martinez, who had been arrested six times, but did not.
“U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement admitted in a statement it did not issue an immigration detainer, which would have led to deportation, for Ramirez following the most recent arrest. The agency said its decision was ‘based on the agency's enforcement priorities after a thorough review of his case history showed he had no prior deportations or felony criminal convictions.'”
There have been other troubling cases. In San Francisco, illegal immigrant Francisco Sanchez was arrested for the shooting death of Kathryn Steinle, which police said appeared to be a random attack.
Ramon Jaime Horta is scheduled to be arraigned on December 4 for his hit-and-run charges. He is being held without bail.
[Image via Santa Ana Police Department]
The Baen Free Library is a digital library of the science fiction and fantasy publishing house Baen Books where 61 e-books as of June 2016 (112 e-books as of December 2008) can be downloaded free in a number of formats, without copy protection.[1] It was founded in late 1999 by science fiction writer Eric Flint and publisher Jim Baen to determine whether the availability of books free of charge on the Internet encourages or discourages the sale of their paper books.[2]
The Baen Free Library represents an experiment in the field of intellectual property and copyright. It appears that sales of both the e-books made available free and other books by the same author, even from a different publisher, increase when the electronic version is made available free of charge.[3]
Baen Ebooks also sells individual e-books and a subscription-based e-book program. The books in the Free Library are available via the website for Baen Ebooks in various formats including HTML, Rich Text Format, and EPUB as well as unencrypted .mobi for Kindle.[4]
Baen CDs [ edit ]
In 2002, Baen also started adding CD-ROMs into some hardcovers of the newest titles in successful series. They contain the complete series of novels preceding the printed book (for those books that were the latest in a series), other works by the same author, some works by other authors, and multimedia bonuses. The CD-ROMs have a prominent permissive copyright license which expressly encourages free-of-charge copying and sharing, including over the Internet.[5]
Some of these CDs also contain MP3 audiobook versions. As of 2015 CD 24 Invasion published in 2010 was the last promotional Baen CD.[6]
The credit card-sized computer that sells for about £30 is a British success story, and has sold 1.75m units – 1m of which were made in South Wales
More than a million Raspberry Pi computers have been made in Britain, with 1.75m sold globally since going on sale for around £30 in February 2012.
The initial batch of the credit card-sized barebones computer were made in China, but a partnership between the Raspberry Pi Foundation, RS Components and Premier Farnell saw all Raspberry Pi manufacturing moved to a Sony-owned manufacturing plant in Pencoed, Wales in September 2012.
Since June 2012, production of Raspberry Pis at the Pencoed factory have ramped up from just 204 a week to nearly 40,000 Raspberry Pis a week in April 2013.
The Raspberry Pi is a credit card-sized barebones computer that uses a smartphone-like ARM processor to provide a basic and extensible computing platform for hobbyists, teachers, pupils and corporations alike.
The small computer has USB ports for a keyboard and mouse, an Ethernet port, a SD card slot, and an HDMI port for connecting to a monitor or a TV. It runs a variant of the free open-source operating system Linux, which powers many web servers and Android smartphones.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Raspberry Pi is a barebones computer with a smartphone-like ARM processor that runs Linux. Photograph: Christopher Thomond/The Guardian
Costing around £35 including shipping within the UK, the Raspberry Pi has lowered the entry level for access to a programmable computer geared up for learning how to code and for hacking projects, like building your own media player or retro video game console.
Sold out within minutes
The demand for the Raspberry Pi meant that it was sold out within minutes after going on sale at 6am on 29 February 2012, crashing retailer websites in the process. In March 2012 demand for the Raspberry Pi ran at "700 per second".
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Eben Upton with the Raspberry Pi computer. Photograph: Antonio Olmos
It took until April 2012 before the first Raspberry Pi computers actually shipped, however, due to manufacturing delays and safety testing.
In August 2012, the Raspberry Pi was available to purchase through British high street retailers, with a revised "B" version released in September 2012 with twice the amount of RAM. A camera accessory was then released in May 2013, which added the capability of capturing images and video for around £20.
Computing had become lacklustre and even boring
The Raspberry Pi started life as an idea to bring computing in schools back to the era of the BBC Micro in the early 1980s, which inspired children to learn how a computer worked and allowed them to discover what was possible through learning to code.
"What was needed was a return to an exciting, programmable machine like the old BBC Micro; and it had to be affordable, say around £20, so every child could potentially have one," explained Eben Upton co-founder of the Raspberry Pi at its launch. "Computing wasn't being seen as the exciting, vibrant subject it should be at school – it had become lacklustre and even boring."
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Raspberry Pi provides affordable access to programmable computers. Photograph: Christopher Thomond/The Guardian
Google also saw potential in the Raspberry Pi for education, donating 15,000 of the computers to British schools in a collaboration with the Raspberry Pi Foundation in January 2013.
"We've been working to encourage the next generation of computer scientists, and we hope that this donation of Raspberry Pis to British school pupils will help drive a new wave of innovation," Eric Schmidt, Google's executive chairman said at the time.
Sums don't add up
While an affordable, programmable computer for schools is a step in the right direction, Nick Williams, senior product manager at networking specialist Brocade warned that the IT infrastructure within schools needed investment to support the connected device trend:
“Whilst the devices on offer to schools have taken a quantum leap in affordability and accessibility, schools still exist with twenty-year-old networking technology and the sums just do not add up."
“Old technology used by most educational IT departments simply can't keep pace with the new world and a transition needs to take place to enable new innovations in education to come to fruition.
“Since its launch last year the Raspberry Pi Foundation has been on a mission to transform the education experience for students, but is it delivering? The reality is that there is more work to do to ensure that schools are ready for this new wave of mini computers," explained Williams.
• From keeping tabs on your baby to brewing your own beer, here are 12 things you can do with a Raspberry Pi.
The following provides a basic outline of how Freemasonry is structured and how members are committed by their oaths, as well as how member...
http://humansarefree.com/2016/12/freemasons-luciferians-they-are-bound.html
The following provides a basic outline of how Freemasonry is structured and how members are committed by their oaths, as well as how members are introduced to Luciferianism in the higher degrees.
It also lists other secret societies that are directly connected to Masonry through overlapping memberships, and explains a little bit about how they are connected and the differences between them. A list of references and suggested reading is also provided.
The entry level of Masonry is the Blue Lodge, which consists of the first three degrees:
These other secret societies include but are not limited to:
The Order of the Illuminati
The Origins of Freemasonry
Will & Grace returned to television after an 11-year hiatus September 28 to ruin the good memories some of us had of watching Will & Grace in the past. The episode, "11 Years Later," took three minutes to catch us up on what we missed in the intervening years, then dove right into politics. It didn't let up in the entire episode, which was written around a trip to Washington, D.C. as an excuse to rant about politics without the writers having to be clever.
Will (Eric McCormack) heads to Washington, D.C. to attend an event where fictional Senator Steve Sandoval is speaking because, despite environmental policies he finds abhorrent, he is incredibly attracted to the Senator. In the meantime, Grace's (Debra Messing) assistant Karen (Megan Mullally) gets her a job redecorating the Oval Office by asking her close friend Melania Trump. resident Trump's only request? “He wants it to look like he's there from time to time.” Yes, the jokes were that lame and predictable.
Some of the jokes, like saying President Abraham Lincoln was gay (“You wanna hook up with a power gay. It's called an 'Anderson Cooper.' It used to be called an 'Elton John,' and before that, an 'Abraham Lincoln,'" Jack snarks) and making fun of middle America (Will observes, “Look, there's the vegetable garden where Michelle Obama introduced broccoli to the Midwest.”) were a bit below the belt, but they took a shot making fun of President Ronald Reagan's Alzheimer's that went beyond the pale.
Karen: The first time I was in this office, Nancy and I were chasing Ronnie around that desk... Trying to get some protein into the ol' Gipper. We used to put a scoop of tuna fish in an ice cream cone and tell him it was mint chip.
Grace: Karen, hand me that curtain swatch. I need to make sure it works with his coloring. Yup, that's the one.
Karen: Ah.
Sandoval: Paige, please give Mr. Truman here a tour of the West Wing.
Paige: Oh, Congressman, before I give anyone a tour of the West Wing, there is a security protocol that I have to-- what the hell? Rules don't mean anything in this place anymore. I'll go get your credentials.
Obviously, a lot of shows are happy to display the left-wing politics of their cast, writers, and others involved, but they usually manage to do so in a way that is slightly clever. A pointed comment, a witty joke. Writing the storyline around being at Trump's White House is just a lazy way to take shots at the president for the entire length of the show.
Paige: We'll start in the Oval Office, But you should know, the owner's got someone in there redecorating.
Will: "The owner"?
Paige: There are a lot of new words they want us to use. Follow me.
Will: Hmm...redecorating for this president? What desperate fool would take that job? It's just gonna be redone in a year.
Secret Service Agent: Actually, you could say my job's gotten a lot easier. The nutjobs that we protected the last president from are this guy's biggest supporters.
I run the risk of being repetitive, but have you ever seen such lazy dialogue? They aren't even trying to have a plot.
The left is obsessed with the idea that Trump is going to be impeached while also obsessed with grieving the loss of the wife of the last president who was impeached. Awkward. As for whose supporters are more dangerous, only the Secret Service and law enforcement know for sure, but Rep. Steve Scalise just got out of the hospital today after nearly dying when a nutjob opened fire on Republican congressmen practicing for a charity baseball game back in June. Then again, the media blamed Republicans for that, too.
In the end, the only thing Grace does is leave a red hat in the Oval Office that says "Make America Gay Again" with an equal sign. Has this show forgotten that Trump is the first president to be elected while supporting gay marriage?
But it would have been shocking if this show wasn't political, considering those involved. Back in September 2016, the cast got together to make a video supporting Hillary Clinton. Since Trump won, Debra Messing has completely gone off the rails. Eric McCormack openly said, “We're going to be as progressive and offensive as we can be. If we don't offend somebody with every show, we're probably getting a little safe," with Debra Messing adding that “political commentary is built in the DNA of Will and Grace."
Hollywood still hasn't realized that shows like this do nothing but help Donald Trump. When will Hollywood learn that they're basically running his reelection campaign by doing this? I got the sense they wrote a bunch of political jokes, then made up a loose plot to string them together, rather than writing a plot and adding in jokes where they fit. I knew this show was going to be incredibly political, but I thought it might still be clever. This was just embarrassing.
The New Yorker's fascination with us in the era of Trump continues.
Evan Osnos wrote up Jared Taylor. Richard Spencer and Company may soon be a cover illustration (giving Nazi salutes, I presume, sigh)
And in the January 9 edition, Kelefa Sanneh (half-white, half-African, English-reared, Harvard-degreed) drills down to the godfather, Sam Francis.
It is true, too, that Trumpism draws on a political tradition that has often been linked to white identity politics. One Journal author suggested that the true progenitor of Trumpism was Samuel Francis, a so-called paleoconservative who thought that America needed a President who would stand up to the “globalization of the American economy.” In Francis's view, that candidate was Pat Buchanan, a former longtime White House aide who ran for President in 1992 and 1996 as a fiery populist Republican—and in 2000 as the Reform Party candidate, having staved off a brief challenge, in the primary, from Trump. Francis and Buchanan were united in their disdain for the Republican élite, which seemed to them too cozy with international business interests and too removed from the concerns of everyday Americans. Both also saw themselves as defenders of an American culture that was implicitly white, or even explicitly so. Francis once wrote that he wanted to fight for “the survival of whites as a people and a civilization.” (The Journal article that cited Francis also made passing reference to his “undeniable lapses in judgment and decency.”) [Intellectuals for Trump , January 9, 2016, links added]
The "Journal" in question is the short-lived, slightly tongue-in-cheek Journal of American Greatness.
I'll give it to the New Yorker. Their obsession with Trump (one edition had, by accident or design, every single cartoon about Trump) has at least steered its readers toward actual sources of the National Question, white advocacy, race realism and alt-rightism.
Sam Francis rightly believed that races differed in inherited intelligence and behavior, and that this unchangeable fact doomed the multiracial society to failure. Clashing cultures, languages and religions radiate out from this iceberg of reality, but the point remains the same: neither government policy nor changed attitudes can melt the iceberg, so it's best to steer the ship clear of it.
Francis' point was social and political, but biological at its root, and should transcend the left-right divide. Including the distraction of Nazi salutes.
A 17-year-old Danish girl charged with planning to bomb two schools in Denmark, including a Jewish one, allegedly was inspired by the terrorist who killed a security guard at a Copenhagen synagogue in 2015.
A Danish prosecutor alleged last month that the teen looked up to the 2015 synagogue gunman, Omar El-Hussein, according to the BT newspaper.
The girl, who was not named, adopted El-Hussein's last name on several occasions, telling the court she did so because she thought he was “tough,” according to BT.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Following a trip to Turkey, the teen became interested in Islam and converted to the religion upon returning to Denmark, according to the prosecutor. She allegedly attempted to get in contact with the Islamic State terrorist group on the internet.
The teen was arrested in 2016 for allegedly planning bombing attacks on the Jewish school in Copenhagen and another school in Denmark. She had acquired chemicals to create the explosives, according to Danish prosecutors.
In February 2015, El-Hussein killed a Jewish volunteer guard in a shooting attack during a bat mitzvah celebration at the synagogue. El-Hussein was killed in a shootout with police.
Also last month, a Danish imam was reported to the police for giving a sermon in a Copenhagen mosque that cited a teaching calling on Muslims to kill Jews, the BBC reported. Mundhir Abdallah cited the teaching that the Day of Judgement “will not come unless the Muslims fight the Jews and the Muslims kill them.”
Abdallah also said that Muslims will soon fight to liberate Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa mosque “from the filth of the Zionists,” according to the BBC.
West Ham United can confirm the Development Squad's 2016/17 pre-season schedule.The Hammers' young professionals have six matches penned-in as they prepare for the new campaign.All six will be played away from home, with the pre-season starting with a trip to National League South club Chelmsford City at Melbourne Stadium on the evening of Friday 15 July.Four days later, Academy Manager and Head of Coaching and Player Development Terry Westley will take a side to London Road to face Peterborough United on Tuesday 19 July at 7.30pm.Saturday 23 July will see the reigning U21 Premier League Cup holders make the short trip to the seaside to tackle Southend United at Roots Hall in a 3pm kick-off.The Development Squad will then travel to the Netherlands for a week-long training camp hosted by partner club VVV-Venlo, which will also feature two pre-season fixtures.First up is a clash with Jupiler League side FC Eindhoven on Wednesday 27 July at 7pm, before the young Hammers take on their hosts in the Herman Teeuwen Memorial Cup on Saturday 30 July at 3pm. Both Dutch fixtures will be held at Venlo Seacon Stadion – De Koel.Westley and his players will then return to England to complete their preparations with a trip to Cobham to take on Chelsea on Friday 5 August at 1pm.Ticket details for these fixtures will be published on whufc.com and across our social media channels as and when they are confirmed.v Chelmsford City, Melbourne Stadium, Friday 15 July, 7.45pmv Peterborough United, London Road, Tuesday 19 July, 7.30pmv Southend United, Roots Hall, Saturday 23 July, 3pmv FC Eindhoven, Venlo Seacon Stadion – De Koel, Wednesday 27 July, 7pm CESTv VVV-Venlo, Venlo Seacon Stadion – De Koel, Saturday 30 July, 3pm CESTv Chelsea, Cobham training ground, Friday 5 August, 1pm
U.S. Bronze medalist Brendan Hansen (Getty)
LONDON – The value of an Olympic medal, for many the crowning achievement of a lifetime's work, is of course priceless – an irreplaceable memento to outstanding athletic achievement.
Yet in real terms, at least for the third place finishers at London 2012, the actual monetary value of medals is astonishingly low.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The bronze medals awarded at these games have been valued at just £3 ($4.71).
[ Photos: U.S. medal winners ]
Those that occupy the bottom rung of the podium are given prizes that are made up of 97 percent copper, 2.5 percent zinc and 0.5 percent tin, which according to London's Daily Mail newspaper makes them worth £3 at current prices.
“Copper is not a particularly valuable metal,” jewelry expert Dan Cohen said in a telephone interview with Yahoo! Sports. Cohen is director of Bellore, a leading store in Hatton Garden, the famous jewelry quarter of central London. “Copper prices have gone up recently though, so much so that people have been stealing brass cables and so on. One and two pence pieces in the United Kingdom are no longer made of copper, because they would be more valuable if they were melted down.”
London 2012 medals weigh just under one pound and at three inches across are the biggest ever awarded at a Summer Olympics. They were designed by artist David Watkins and 4,700 of them will be handed out over the course of the event.
The gold and silver medals, naturally, have a greater actual value. A gold is worth $644, yet is only one percent gold, with the rest made up of silver and copper. The silvers replace the gold element with extra copper, and are worth about half as much.
[ Photos: Netherlands Women's Field Hockey team ]
Story continues
Such prices are effectively irrelevant though, as any Olympic medal that comes on the collectors market can command huge sums from memorabilia hoarders.
Related Olympic video from the Yahoo! Sports network:
More London Olympics content on Yahoo! Sports:
• Actor James Caan has a special reason to root for U.S. boxer
• Will Welsh soccer fans boo 'God Save The Queen'?
• Embracing the Olympic spirit of sports betting
If you want to know what's wrong with the modern book trailer, you might start by watching the one for Jonathan Franzen's “Freedom.” Sitting at a table in front of several rows of bookshelves and looking directly into the camera, Franzen explains—in a tone that is polite but characteristically aggrieved—his “profound discomfort” with having to use moving images to promote the printed word. “To me, the point of a novel is to take you to a still place,” he says. “You can multitask with a lot of things, but you can't really multitask reading a book … To me, the world of books is the quiet alternative—an ever more desperately needed alternative.”
Franzen may be tiresomely preoccupied with the ways in which new technologies are threatening the life of the mind (what other writer would make a book trailer about being reluctant to make a book trailer?), but in his vexing and insightful way he articulates a common sense of unease about the advent of video advertisements for literature. In an article in the Rumpus highlighting “fantastic” book trailers, Shirin Najafi wrote that “a trailer inherently removes an element of the imaginative process and potentially cheapens the medium by suggesting a sort of inadequacy.” According to the International Business Times, Ben Marcus—whose trailer for his 2012 novel “The Flame Alphabet,” animated by Erin Cosgrove, is one of the more original examples of the form—thinks it's “sad” that books today must appeal to readers through visuals. What's most sad about it is the whiff of defeat—the sense of a publishing industry in forlorn compliance with the laws of a YouTube world.
For each expression of apprehension, though, there is another of pragmatic acceptance. Lorin Stein, while helping to conceive trailers as an editor at F.S.G., in 2006 (when the rise of YouTube was giving videos a new reach), pointed out that the job of publishers is “putting books in people's hands.” “We've been advertising our wares in silly ways since putting a dirty picture on the cover of a Faulkner book,” he said. Even Franzen, in the same breath he used to state his objections, admitted that book trailers have become a necessary evil: “I understand that a lot of commerce happens online now,” he said in the “Freedom” trailer, “so I think it makes eminently good sense to be recording little videos like this.”
This sense of necessity has driven many authors and publishers to embrace “little videos” in recent years. The results are often dismal: at worst, the one- to five-minute ads are made with stock footage and bad sound effects, and text-presentation flourishes reminiscent of PowerPoint. (One especially lame but popular early approach, seen in “The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo” trailer, was recycling a book's cover design and promotional blurbs.) The better ones look like low-budget film trailers, or impressionistic video collages that give only a vague sense of a book's storyline. Of the fifty or so trailers I watched while writing this article, approximately eight—several of them animations, like Ben Marcus's or Sloane Crosley's, for her essay collection “How Did You Get This Number”—piqued my interest. The rest of them, so clearly made in haste or half-heartedness, suggest publishers' lingering uncertainty about whether trailers can actually help sell books.
Then there is the leading book-trailer auteur of our time, Gary Shteyngart.
The key to Shteyngart's trailers, which are more like Funny or Die videos or comedic short films, is that they parody the absurdities and humiliations of authorly self-promotion. In the trailer for his 2010 novel “Super Sad True Love Story,” which featured James Franco and a slew of famous writers, he played a Russian-accented version of himself who knew how to navigate the literary world despite the fact that he couldn't read (for example, by teaching a seminar at Columbia on how to behave at Paris Review parties). When the paperback edition of “Super Sad” came out, he made a follow-up in which Super-Russian Gary and Paul Giamatti played roommates trying to pick up women at a book club in Brooklyn.
The newest edition to Shteyngart's oeuvre is a trailer, released last week, for his memoir “Little Failure,” which comes out next month (and was excerpted in The New Yorker in June). Featuring actors like Alex Karpovsky, Rashida Jones, and, once again, James Franco, its premise is that Franco, playing Shteyngart's husband, has written an “erotic journey” called “Fifty Shades of Gary” that has completely eclipsed “Little Failure.” There are matching pink bathrobes and a cameo by none other than Franzen, in the role of Shteyngart's shrink. The jokey theme of the video, like his earlier ones, is that social or professional success is elusive when you are a nebbishy immigrant who writes literary fiction. But the meta joke knows that Shteyngart's trailers are, in fact, expert works of viral marketing, packaged with comedic appeal, respectable production values, and a peppering of Shteyngart's celebrity buddies (this is one popular nebbish!). The first “Super Sad” trailer got a quarter of a million views on Facebook; the most recent one premièred on Buzzfeed last Friday and has since been enthusiastically “liked” and reblogged.
There are a number of other authors who have made self-deprecating, parodic book trailers—Julie Klam, Dave Hill, Thomas Pynchon—and theirs, too, are generally more intriguing than the straight-faced ones. (In Hill's, for “Tasteful Nudes,” Dick Cavett calls spell check a “too-thin contraceptive”; in Pynchon's, for “Bleeding Edge,” smoked salmon is used as a skincare product, and a guy in a “Hi, I'm Tom Pynchon” T-shirt stands in for the press-shy author.) Like Shteyngart's, these videos do not attempt to convey, in a few minutes of film, the content or quality of the books they're promoting, because how could they? Maybe one secret to book trailers is acknowledging that it is impossible. But they do give a meaningful sense of the authors' sensibilities. The message I take away is not that words are inadequate without visual aids, or that books are slaves to YouTube, but that some writers have imaginations that extend across different media, and a few even know how to access their inner hams.
Sally Ride risked her life for her country, and yet her domestic partner of 27 years will not get her government benefits. Is that any way to treat a hero?
Curtis Compton / American Library Association / AP In this 2008 photo made available by the American Library Association, Sally Ride, foreground, and her longtime partner Tam O' Shaughnessy discuss the role of women in science during an ALA conference in Anaheim, Calif.
Related Let's Recognize Sally Ride as a Gay American Hero The Sacramento Bee
Sally Ride was the first American woman in outer space. Upon hearing the news of her death last week, media outlets and celebrities alike celebrated Ride as a hero. But under federal law, Ride's domestic partner of 27 years will not receive death benefits or Social Security payments. Is that any way to treat a hero?
(MORE: Sally Ride, First American Woman in Space, Dies at 61)
Even though the majority of Americans now support the right of same-sex couples to marry and more states are embracing marriage equality, 1,138 federal benefits, including Social Security and family medical leave, are still denied to same-sex couples even if they're married because of the Defense of Marriage Act enacted in 1996. And while 60% of Fortune 500 companies offer domestic-partnership benefits to employees — so unmarried same- or opposite-sex partners qualify for health insurance, paid family leave and more — the federal government does not.
According to NASA documents, Sally Ride's domestic partner Tam O'Shaughnessy could receive life-insurance payments if Ride designated O'Shaughnessy as her beneficiary. But despite the fact that our nation owes Ride a debt of gratitude for her unique service, our nation will not be paying her life partner the survivor annuity and basic death benefits provided to the surviving family members of heterosexual astronauts.
(MORE: Coming Out in Hip-Hop: Frank Ocean's Powerful Moment)
Obituaries say Ride left NASA right around the time she began her relationship with O'Shaughnessy. They went on to start a business, Sally Ride Science, and lived together in San Diego. Ride did not broadcast her relationship but didn't hide it either, according to her sister Karen “Bear” Ride. Had Ride worked at NASA while living with O'Shaughnessy, the discrimination would have been even more pronounced. According to NASA documents, Ride could not have qualified for extended family medical leave to care for her partner or get health or life insurance for her. And if Ride had, God forbid, died during a space mission, O'Shaughnessy would not have received those death benefits either.
This is not the fault of NASA, which seems in its policies to do everything possible to recognize and respect domestic partnerships within the constraints of the law. Rather, this is a discriminatory federal policy that affects all government employees and, since same-sex marriages are not recognized for federal purposes under the Defense of Marriage Act, all Americans. In May, a Senate committee on homeland security and government affairs passed legislation that would extend federal benefits to same-sex domestic partners. The bill enjoys support from Republicans and Democrats, but it remains stalled in Congress.
(MORE: Why Voluntary Taxation Is a Bad Idea)
Of course, it's important to recognize that we've come a long way. In 1983, when Ride became the first American woman in space, if she had been openly gay or even discovered to be quietly in a relationship with a woman, she would have likely been denied security clearance and possibly fired. Since then, the government has revised its practice of denying security clearances on the basis of sexual orientation. But that doesn't change the fact that hundreds of thousands of federal employees still face discrimination for being gay, including what benefits are available to their partners.
(MORE: What the Rev. Jesse Jackson Has to Say About Gay Marriage)
When Sally Ride was in the space shuttle, risking her life for the United States government, she enjoyed a view out the window that most of us can only imagine — a glowing blue and green orb of humanity idealized at a distance. Sadly, on the ground, the reality of how we treat one another can be far more ugly. We should spend less time puzzling over why Ride remained quietly in the closet and was not an activist for gay rights and focus our critique on the laws and systems of injustice for federal workers and their same-sex partners. Sally Ride was the first American woman in outer space. Our government should not treat her partner like an alien.
Tuesday, Dec. 15, 2015
AUGUSTA, Ga (WRDW) - Traffic is slow going on I-20 EB as GDOT crews work to make final repairs to the Augusta Canal Bridge.
Traffic on the eastbound side is down to one lane and traffic is backed up past the Riverwatch Parkway exit, a News 12 reporter says.
The repairs are supposed to be finished this afternoon. News 12 will update you when those repairs are complete.
Monday, Dec. 14, 2015
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- Final repairs to the Augusta Canal Bridge are set to be made on Tuesday, according to GDOT.
Officials say the rain delayed Monday morning's work to fix a guardrail that was damaged after an 18-wheeler crashed into it Friday.
Georgia Regents Medical Center says the driver of the 18-wheeler, Eshmon West, was released from the hospital Sunday night.
News 12 First at Five / Dec. 11, 2015
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- Deputies say Eshmon West fell asleep at the wheel and crashed his 18-wheeler through the side of the Augusta Canal Bridge, and into the water around 1:00 a.m.
Traffic was backed up and eastbound traffic was down to one lane until around 6:20, while GDOT works to put 180 feet guardrail back in place.
"For the fourth time in a couple of years I see a truck in the canal on the I-20 eastbound lane, which indicates to me it's more than a coincidence," said former truck driver Bert Mayo.
He started driving years ago, before getting into the trucking insurance business.
He sat through traffic this morning, fuming over how often this same accident seemed to happen.
"80,000 pounds running down the road, traveling 60 miles per hour - that thing is moving 90 feet per second," said Mayo, "So you can imagine, if it funnels through that gap if there's any concern or mishap, what's going to happen."
Accidents like this one happened back in 2011, 2012 and 2014.
Today, the driver is in critical condition, but not all drivers were as lucky to make it out.
Mayo believes the road is to blame, but he says sleep is the most important thing a long haul trucker can get.
"You are not allowed to be on duty more than 14 hours a day, and not allowed to drive more than 11 hours a day," he explained.
The bridge, according to GDOT, is 28 feet wide, which allows for 14 feet per lane. They say this is 2 feet more than the standard 12 feet needed per lane.
Officials also say out of the more than 54,000 vehicles going over the bridge every day, 13 percent are trucks.
Friday, Dec. 11, 2015
3:58 p.m.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- The Richmond County Sheriff's Office has identified the 18-wheeler driver that crashed into the Augusta Canal as Eshmon West.
West is from Atlanta, Ga. Investigators say he fell asleep at the wheel and is being treated for serious injuries at GRU. The crash is still under investigation.
GDOT officials say crews are ahead of schedule making repairs on the bridge and work should be complete by 5:30 this evening. Officials say there should not be any closures tomorrow.
1:20 p.m.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- The driver of an 18-wheeler was asleep when it crashed into the Augusta Canal around 1 a.m.
A Richmond County Sheriff's Office Traffic Division officer told News 12 the driver had fallen asleep at the wheel.
10:56 a.m.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- A News 12 crew on the scene of the crash says all lanes on I-20 westbound are now back up and traffic is moving. Emergency crews still have I-20 eastbound closed.
9:20 a.m.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- North Augusta Public Safety says the westbound lane on I-20 is down to one lane as well.
8:05 a.m.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- Georgia DOT is on the scene repairing the damaged portion of the guard rail and bridge. The outside lane of I-20 Eastbound over the bridge at the state line will remain closed until DOT completes this emergency work.
DOT says they likely won't be able to complete all of the repairs Friday, and will have to return Saturday, Dec. 12 to finish.
Drivers should remain alert in this area, and expect delays since single lane conditions could run through Saturday afternoon.
5:15 a.m.
RICHMOND COUNTY, Ga. (WRDW) -- A Richmond County deputy on scene says the diver of the semi-truck that crashed into the Augusta Canal is in critical condition. The driver is being treated at Georgia Regents Medical Center.
The deputy also said the driver will be cited for failure to maintain lane.
Friday, Dec. 11, 2015
RICHMOND COUNTY, Ga. (WRDW) -- Richmond County deputies confirm that a semi-truck has crashed into the Augusta Canal on I-20. One eastbound lane will be closed for "quite some time", according to deputies on scene.
Dispatch tells us water rescue crews were sent to the accident around 1:03 a.m. Friday.
Deputies say the 18-wheeler crashed through the side of the bridge and into the canal. The driver of that truck was loaded into an ambulance, but deputies would not comment on the injuries. No other passengers were in the semi-truck.
CWA were approached by the project client to deliver a carbon neutral (in operation) solution for an environmentally sensitive site off-grid on the edge of the FNQ beachfront rainforest. The aim was not to simply produce an engineered outcome but produce a building which made the most of the sites natural amenity and re-introduced the surrounding native wetland environment.
The building is literally reflected by way of its siting over an engineered water ecosystem which was the result of lengthy liaison & collaboration with National Parks, Environmental Agencies, State and Local Government.
The design is formed in an innovative combination of in-situ and precast concrete. The concrete has been engineered & insulated incorporating a total solar panelled roof to provide for a constant cooler & more comfortable ambient temperature year-round. The design utilises massive cantilevers to mitigate impact from potential flooding & king tide inundation associated with cyclonic activity. The project has been designed to be solid and to withstand intense cyclones.
ESD initiatives include: total 250,000 ltr water harvesting, recycling & reticulation, renewable solar energy generation with solar backup non-reliant on fossil fuel backup generation, On-site Advanced Tertiary Sewerage treatment plant, grey water recycling & irrigation, Shaded & Insulated Thermal mass engineering, ‘green' cooling & energy conservation controlled via building automation system (CBUS).
(CNN) -- Billing it as a way to end the one-size-fits-all approach to airport security, the International Air Transport Association on Tuesday unveiled a mock-up of what it called the "Checkpoint of the Future."
Instead of a single screening procedure applied to all fliers, the group envisions that passengers would be divided into risk categories based on the information available about them.
They would then be directed to one of three lanes: "Known Traveler," "Normal" and "Enhanced Security."
The first -- and quickest -- lane would only be available to fliers who have registered and undergone background checks with their governments.
Normal screening in the second lane would apply to the majority of travelers. New technology would allow them to walk through without having to take off their clothes or shoes, or unpack their bags.
Passengers for whom less information is available, who are randomly selected or who are deemed to be an "elevated risk," would receive more screening in the third lane.
The system would focus resources on passengers who pose the greatest threat while reducing the hassle for the vast majority of travelers who are low risk, said the International Air Transport Association, which represents the world's major airlines.
"Today's checkpoint was designed four decades ago to stop hijackers carrying metal weapons. ... It is time to rethink everything," Giovanni Bisignani, IATA's director general and CEO, said at the World Air Transport Summit in Singapore.
"That means moving from a system that looks for bad objects to one that can find bad people," Bisignani said.
A biometric identifier in your passport would determine which lane you go through based on a risk assessment performed before you arrive at the airport.
Nineteen governments, including the United States, are working to define standards for a Checkpoint of the Future, IATA said. The group estimated it could be a reality in about five to seven years.
The U.S. Travel Association called for a similar plan earlier this year. In a report, titled "A Better Way," it suggested creating a trusted traveler program that would allow fliers who volunteer certain information about themselves to go through less rigorous security before their flight.
In March, U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the government was working on an "airport checkpoint of tomorrow," designed to make the passenger experience quicker and less intrusive while still maintaining security.
The International Air Transport Association said it is coordinating closely with the U.S. government on the program.
When your life reaches a certain point, and it will, it just becomes too unclassy to drink wine out of a box. To mask the embarrasment of being a cheap ass, and trying to look classy while still buying the cheap boxed wine, throw it into a nice stainless steel mechanism that will dispense it for you, and keep from being the laughing stock amongst your friends.
View all color options here
The Boxxle Boxed Wine Dispenser is made from stainless steel and high grade ABS plastic, and will make your dirty wine bag dispensing duties, a classy event. Once you've reached the end of your "Slap the Bag" years, this unique and classy boxed wine dispenser, will be your best friend.
Not only does the Boxxle class up your bag of wine, but it'll also keep your wine fresh for up to 6 weeks after serving the first glass. You can set it out on your counter at home or at a party for a quick glass of wine whenever you want it.
The stainless steel boxed wine dispenser holds up to 3 liters of wine, is super easy to load and unload your bags of wine, features an above the glass pour line for an easy pour, and the dispenser measures 12 inches tall.
The classy boxed wine dispenser comes in three different colors to choose from, including full stainless steel, stainless steel with red coloring, and stainless steel with white coloring.
The Boxxle can be used with any standard bag of wine, or you can load your own bottled wine into the included bag dispenser, which then loads into the dispenser to get wine with the push of a button. The dispenser also keeps you wine away from light and air to keep it as fresh as possible!
One thing to note, is that the Boxxle does not require you to slap the bag before drinking, nor will you need to lift the bag of wine over your head to consume.
Check out the stainless steel boxed wine dispenser in action via the video below.
A new hobby: creating wedding invitation templates in Microsoft Word
Let me introduce myself properly. My (back then) boyfriend proposed to me in September 2014 in the South of France. We knew right away: we want to get married in the same region, it's so magnificent! So, the planning started….
I browsed online for the perfect wedding dress, the theme for the wedding and of course, the invitation! But I couldn't really find a suitable one for our wedding, so I started creating it myself and it worked.
Pinterest was my biggest friend at the time, but I couldn't find any free wedding templates. At first I just wanted to play around a bit with the different possibilities in Microsoft Word (as I didn't have any knowledge of design software). I thought: there must be more brides-to-be, just like me, who are looking for some inspiration for which they don't have the pay (a wedding is already expensive enough!). Therefore I want to offer the templates to you to download for free! What started out as an experiment is now one of my biggest hobbies!
Please let me know in the comments on each template page if you used the template and what you liked about it. That would mean a lot to me! And of course: tell your friends and other brides & grooms-to-be!
BBC's new 90-minute adaptation of Mary Norton's novels will broadcast over the festive season
For more than 50 years Pod, Homily and Arrietty Clock have delighted "human beans" of all ages with their small-scale adventures under the floorboards – and this Christmas they look to enchant a new audience, as The Borrowers return to television.
With a cast that includes Stephen Fry and Victoria Wood, the new 90-minute adaptation of Mary Norton's Carnegie Medal-winning children's novels will be broadcast on BBC1 over the festive season.
Christopher Eccleston and Sharon Horgan will star as Pod and Homily Clock, determined to protect their rebellious teenage daughter Arrietty from humans. Unsurprisingly, Arrietty has other ideas – befriending the boy who lives above the Clock family, and landing them in serious trouble.
Fry and Wood will revel in their roles as adults on the hunt for the little people – Fry as scientist Professor Mildeye desperate to capture a Borrower, and Wood as Grandma Driver, determined to banish them from her house – while excitable teenagers will be thrilled to see Misfit's Robert Sheehan further reinforce his tearaway status as the leather-jacketed Borrower Spiller. The show will be written by Ben Vanstone.
"I couldn't be more thrilled with Ben's take on this classic Christmas story," said Juliette Howell, head of television at Working Title, which is making the programme. "It feels fresh, original, and above all funny."
The BBC first adapted the books for television in the early 90s as acclaimed Sunday teatime series The Borrowers and The Borrowers Afield, which starred Ian Holt, Rebecca Callard and Penelope Wilton.
In 1997 John Goodman, Jim Broadbent and Celia Imrie starred in a film adaptation of the much-loved children's books, the first of which was published in 1952.
Ben Stephenson, controller of BBC drama commissioning called the show: "a brilliant and bold, contemporary version of this classic tale."
KIEV, Ukraine — Hundreds of thousands of protesters poured into the streets of Ukraine's capital on Sunday, toppling a statue of former Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin and blockading key government buildings in an escalating standoff with the president over the future of the country.
The biggest demonstration in the former Soviet republic since Ukraine's pro-democracy Orange Revolution in 2004 led the government to fire back. It announced an investigation of opposition leaders for an alleged attempt to seize power and warned the demonstrators they could face criminal charges.
The West pressed for a peaceful settlement.
Hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians flooded the centre of Kyiv, the capital, to demand President Viktor Yanukovych's ouster after he ditched ties with the European Union in favour of Russia and sent police to break up an earlier protest in the nearly three-week standoff.
“Ukraine is tired of Yanukovych. We need new rules. We need to completely change those in power,” said protester Kostyantyn Meselyuk, 42. “Europe can help us.”
Packing Independence Square as far as the eye could see, Ukrainians waving EU flags sang the national anthem and shouted “Resignation!” and “Down with the gang!” in a reference to Yanukovych's regime.
“I am convinced that after these events, dictatorship will never survive in our country,” world boxing champion and top opposition leader Vitali Klitschko told reporters. “People will not tolerate when they are beaten, when their mouths are shut, when their principles and values are ignored.”
As darkness fell, the conflict escalated further with protesters blockading key government buildings in Kyiv with cars, barricades and tents.
The protests have had an anti-Russian component because Russia had worked aggressively to derail the EU deal with threats of trade retaliation against Ukraine.
About one kilometre from the main square, one group of anti-government protesters toppled the city's landmark statue of Lenin and decapitated it Sunday evening.
Protesters then took turns beating on the torso of the fallen statue, while others lined up to collect a piece of the stone. The crowd chanted “Glory to Ukraine!”
“Goodbye, Communist legacy,” Andriy Shevchenko, an opposition lawmaker, wrote on Twitter.
The demonstrations erupted last month after Yanukovych shelved a long-planned treaty with the 28-nation European Union to focus on ties with Russia. They were also galvanized by police violence and fears that Yanukovych was on the verge of bringing his country into a Russian-led economic alliance, which critics say could end Ukraine's sovereignty.
“It's not just a simple revolution,” Oleh Tyahnybok, an opposition leader with the national Svoboda party, told the crowd in a fiery speech from a giant stage. “It's a revolution of dignity.”
Yet a solution to the crisis appeared elusive, with the government making no concessions and the opposition issuing contradictory statements on how to proceed.
Heeding the opposition's calls, thousands of protesters blocked the approach to key government buildings in Kyiv by erecting barricades, setting up tents and parking vehicles, including a giant dump truck.
“We are extending our demonstration. We are going to fight until victory. We will fight for what we believe in,” opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk told protesters on Independence Square, which was drowning in a sea of flags.
The West, meanwhile, scrambled to avoid violence and urged dialogue.
In a phone conversation with Yanukovych, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso stressed “the need for a political” solution and dispatched EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton to Kyiv next week to mediate a solution. Yanukovych also discussed the crisis with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Valery Chaliy, head of the Razumkov Center think-tank in Kyiv, said the West must help resolve the crisis and prevent more violence. “It is evident that without international mediation this will not be solved in a peaceful way,” Chaliy said in a telephone interview.
The protest Sunday in sub-zero December temperatures took place on Independence Square, known as the Maidan, in an echo of the Orange Revolution. Those protests annulled Yanukovych's fraud-tainted presidential victory in 2004, and ushered his pro-Western opponents into power. Yanukovych returned to the presidency in the 2010 vote.
During a huge demonstration a week ago, several hundred radical protesters hurled stones and attacked police as they tried to storm the presidential office. That prompted a violent breakup by the authorities in which dozens were beaten and injured, including peaceful protesters, passers-by and journalists.
ISLAMABAD: The World Bank has approved a $12 billion loan for cash-strapped Pakistan to be given out in a period of five years, the country's finance ministry said on Friday.
The finance ministry said the money will target “energy, economy, (fighting) extremism and education”, with $1 billion being transferred to Pakistan in the next week increasing Pakistan's foreign exchange reserves substantially.
The loan will carry a two per cent interest rate.
Pakistan is struggling to overcome a massive energy crisis, and a shortfall in tax revenues, and has borrowed heavily to pay government expenditure.
Pakistan Day was celebrated at the World Bank yesterday, and in the two Development Policy Credit (DPCs) USD one billion was approved for energy and revenue support during the current financial year.
The other landmark achievement of the day was the approval of Country Partnership Strategy under which Pakistan will get US $ 11 billion in the shape of project loans and budgetary support, a statement issued by the Ministry of Finance said on Friday.
It may be mentioned that the World Bank loans are purely concessionary in nature with repayment schedule spanning over a period of thirty years including five years grace period and the interest rate will be nominal at the rate of 2 per cent per annum.
On receipt of USD one billion, an equivalent amount of Rs100 billion will be reduced from the domestic debt which is much more expensive at 12.5 per cent per annum.
The WB loan will incur 2 per cent interest per annum and the Government of Pakistan will be saving net 10.5% in payment of interest on Rs100 billion.
Resultantly, there will be no net increase in overall public debt.
The Finance Minister has congratulated the whole nation on this success and observed that, the Country Partnership Strategy is aligned fully with the vision of Pakistan's development challenges around the four ES “Energy, Economy, Extremism and Education,” based on the manifesto of the Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz (PML-N) and its commitment to the nation.
North American taximeter
Indonesian taximeter
Japanese taximeter
A taximeter is a mechanical or electronic device installed in taxicabs and auto rickshaws that calculates passenger fares based on a combination of distance travelled and waiting time. Its shortened form, "taxi", is also a metonym for the hired cars that use them.[1][2]
History [ edit ]
Argentine Taxímeter "Digitax Printer" in "Libre" (Available) mode
The modern taximeter was invented by German Friedrich Wilhelm Gustav Bruhn in 1891,[3] and the Daimler Victoria—the world's first meter-equipped (and gasoline-powered) taxicab—was built by Gottlieb Daimler in 1897.
Taximeters were originally mechanical and mounted outside the cab, above the driver's side front wheel. Meters were soon relocated inside the taxi, and in the 1980s electronic meters were introduced, doing away with the once-familiar ticking sound of the meter's timing mechanism.
In some locations, taxicabs display a small illuminated sign indicating if they are free (available). In Argentina, this sign is called a "banderita" (little flag), a carryover term from the days of mechanical taximeters, in which a little flag was turned to wind up the mechanism. The flag would be hidden at the start of a trip and moved to the visible position at the end.
World Moto developed the world's first portable taximeter for motorcycles and pedicabs, which Fast Company called "the First Real Taxi Meter Innovation in 100 Years".[4]
Accessories and features [ edit ]
Mechanical autorickshaw meter in India
Taximeters can include several accessories, or act as components in larger dispatching/control systems. Features include:
Ticket/receipt printer
Fraud control and prevention (on the part of the owner or operator), through the impression of control tickets or computer monitoring. Additionally, taximeters are often visually sealed by a municipal weights and scales authority after initial calibration.
Radio communication, allowing trip status to be monitored by a dispatcher or supervisor.
Dispatching of trip assignments through radio or data systems.
Interaction with GPS systems to assist with dispatching and to provide security.
Seat sensors that detect the presence of a passenger (to prevent a cab from carrying fares without activating the taximeter).
Credit or prepaid card support.
Bluetooth support for communication with smartphones or tablets.
USB support for setup, diagnostics, and connectivity to the vehicle computer.
Work cycle [ edit ]
During normal operation, taximeters repeat cyclically through several stages:
Free (or For Hire in the UK): The taxicab is empty and available for hire. The luminous sign, if present, is switched on.
(or in the UK): The taxicab is empty and available for hire. The luminous sign, if present, is switched on. Occupied (or Hired ): The taximeter enters in this stage at the start of the trip and the "Free" sign is switched off. In this stage the running fare and the present tariff are displayed. Additional information that can be displayed in this mode includes extras (e.g. credits for luggage), present time, speed, etc.
(or ): The taximeter enters in this stage at the start of the trip and the "Free" sign is switched off. In this stage the running fare and the present tariff are displayed. Additional information that can be displayed in this mode includes extras (e.g. credits for luggage), present time, speed, etc. To Pay (or Stopped in the UK): At the end of the trip, the driver enters this stage to collect payment, make change, and optionally print a receipt. The exterior roof light may also blink to alert potential passengers that the taxi will soon be available.
See also [ edit ]
Four Octobers ago, I stood in a single-file line outside a small county courthouse in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania. It was a crisp, sun-dappled fall day. I've never experienced such rage.
We were waiting to get into the courtroom where Jerry Sandusky, a former assistant football coach at Penn State, would be sentenced to 30-60 years in prison for the sexual abuse of 10 boys. The college president would resign. The athletic director would resign. And the head coach was fired in disgrace. They all knew.
I was traveling with a man I've known a long time and he quietly reviewed the story of what happened to him, some 40 years ago when he was 12. He thought about his family betraying him the way the Penn State “family” betrayed those boys.
This weekend, former players and tens of thousands of fans paid homage to the late Joe Paterno on the 50th anniversary of his first game as head coach. Paterno happened to win 409 games over 46 years and gave his college town a national identity as a football powerhouse before we found out his real legacy: enabler of a convicted pedophile who raped boys over at least four decades.
Sandusky used his Second Mile Charity for at-risk and underprivileged youth to groom his victims. He did not discriminate. Black, brown and white kids were molested, their economic status creating another layer of vulnerability. Many of these boys were orphaned. They didn't merely come from broken families; they had no family. Second Mile and “Touchdown Jer” became their family.
They say, “We are Penn State.”
They call themselves a family …
Well, I happen to know something about families like this.
Senior writer Mike Wise joins OTL to discuss his column
When the man I knew was a kid growing up in California, he had an uncle who was a magician. The uncle used the stage name “The Magic Trebor” (Robert spelled backwards), while his family called him Spud. He taught the boy his quarter trick, a sleight-of-hand staple in his act that always looked as if the coin had dropped into his right hand but somehow always ended up in the left hand – before he pulled it out of an awed child's ear.
After a while, Spud let himself go. He often smelled of the Winston cigarettes he smoked. He lived in some hovel near Oakland. No one knew what he did for a living.
One 100-degree summer night 40 years ago outside the town of Red Bluff, California, the family held a somber reunion for the boy's grandma, who was dying of lung cancer. His uncle asked him to go outside with him while he smoked.
The uncle began telling him jokes – bawdy, sexually suggestive jokes that piqued the 12-year-old's interest. After 45 minutes or so, his uncle told him that if he ran naked from the steps of his grandpa's shed, where he was sitting, to the front fence and back – maybe 20 yards – and wasn't seen by the family in the mobile home another 20 yards away, he would give him a $1 bill. One dollar in 1976 was 50 pieces of red licorice, he reasoned. He thought nothing of dropping his shorts and sprinting to the fence and back and then pulling up his shorts again.
His uncle giggled and gave him the money.
When it was time for bed, the uncle asked to sleep in the back room with his nephew, a screened-off porch area adjacent to the main home. His grandfather, parents, aunts and uncles obliged.
Over several hours, the boy was pushed to “explore his sexuality” with an adult male relative, who at the time was 36 years old. He felt guilt and shame, but his uncle kept pressing the matter, eventually molesting and sodomizing him. The boy was confused. He had not yet experienced physical intimacy like that with anyone.
The overriding emotion was feeling stupid that he let himself be led on. The smell and taste of those Winston cigarettes remained with him always. As recently as 15 years ago, he would throw up when he saw someone smoking them.
He blamed himself for years, living with a shame and guilt that he could not shake, wondering why he didn't scream or say something to someone.
He eventually confronted the uncle, writing him a letter some 20 years after he was raped. In it, he wrote, “While you are family, some people do things in families to not be part of that family anymore. And for me, you have crossed this line.”
He never got a reply – most victims of child sexual abuse never get acknowledgement from their molesters. He saw his uncle maybe three times in his life afterward, at family gatherings where his uncle steadfastly avoided him and at his father's funeral, which the uncle begged to attend through the boy's aunt.
When he eventually got the courage to tell his family what had happened, he learned that most of the family knew long ago that Spud had problems in the past. They just thought he would never do something like that to his own flesh and blood.
He received a letter from an aunt a couple of years later, pleading with him not to make his uncle feel so bad for what he'd done so long ago. Soon after she sent a picture in the mail of his father, his other two uncles and Spud, their arms around each other at a family function he did not attend.
“Look, they're all together,” the caption read.
A different pain gnawed at him when his sister called 15 years ago to tell him that she had put Spud's name into a public database of registered sex offenders. When his uncle's mugshot popped up, along with the sentence, “convicted of lascivious acts with children,” he froze.
And then he became enraged. He wanted to kill somebody. He medicated with women and food over the years, trying to fill the empty parts of himself, the hole in his soul.
When the bailiff let us into the courtroom that day, we were seated maybe 10 yards from Sandusky. The man wanted to strangle him. Then one of Sandusky's victims spoke. And another victim spoke. And another.
He couldn't believe it – the courage they showed to look their abuser in the eye, to do the job Paterno and the athletic administration at Penn State failed to do years ago: ensure that other boys don't lose their souls to a sick man.
“As I put the 1998 shower incident into focus . . . that night you told me you were the Tickle Monster so you could touch my 11-year-old body,” began Victim 8, choking back tears. “I've been left with deep, painful wounds that you caused and had been buried in the garden of my heart for many years.”
The man especially related to Victim No. 4, who eyeballed Sandusky with venom. “Because of you, I trust no one. I won't leave my child alone with anyone. My only regret, I ask that others [who came forward] before me forgive me for not coming forward sooner.”
The man knew Victim No. 4 had wanted to put his hands around Sandusky's neck, too, and not let go until the smirk was choked from him. But he hadn't. Not then and not over the ensuing years after the rape. No, Victim No. 4 wouldn't throw two lives away. He had not given in to his rage. And in so many ways, this was even more courageous, the man thought. For it gave him hope.
“Uncle Spud” died earlier this year. His siblings visited him at the end. They tried to persuade him to call his nephew and ask for forgiveness. He couldn't bring himself to do it. By then, the man didn't care. All he wanted to tell Spud was that he had not destroyed the boy, that he hadn't ruined his life or his aspirations about finding happiness. It took him longer, but he found healthier ways to fill the void, the hollowness in your soul when an adult has duped you into being his victim under the guise of physical pleasure.
The Veterans Affairs Hospital where he died feted him with a procession outside the facility, folding and handing over an American flag to one of Spud's brothers, who had been moved by the ceremony. Those paying respects that day learned he had briefly been in the U.S. Army, serving in Germany during peacetime. They never learned he sexually abused young boys.
After a while, the man realized there was a part of Spud his siblings loved – the part that protected his sister when children tried to bully her as a child, the part that made children smile and laugh, the ones he never harmed. This was their cognitive dissonance. It helped them cope with the fact that their brother had stolen other young boys' souls.
It's the same kind of cognitive dissonance the Penn State alumni and fans, all in deep, sad denial, need to coax from themselves to cheer for all the good Joe Pa did for everyone.
Joe Pa knew. He knew and he did nothing. He knew in 2001 and 1998 and, because of unsealed court documents, we learned this summer that he also knew as far back as 1976.
Leaders of men do not deserve to be commemorated if they cannot protect children. Taking the good parts of a man's life and celebrating them – paying homage for all the character-building he did for his players – disrespects and demeans the boys who became men after they were abused by Sandusky, especially the ones whom Paterno knew about.
As the Holocaust survivor and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel once said, “The opposite of love is not hate. The opposite of love is indifference.”
The people who stood to honor Paterno may have meant no harm. But to Sandusky's victims, to all victims of child sexual abuse, pining for Penn State's past is the opposite of love.
I was that man in the small county courthouse. I was that prepubescent boy. I was he and he was I, and we have been living with the sadness and the trauma of that night for 40 years.
I am a survivor of child sexual abuse. I write this for myself, because I am the one who should decide when and if to forgive my uncle, and I also write this for the adult survivors, the men who were victimized by Sandusky.
I know now it wasn't my fault. I've purged my shame and guilt. I believe in family, now more than ever, as I've got a family of my own. I've even forgiven my relatives, the ones who knew. But I'm not ready to honor them on a college football Saturday.
It's not up to the Penn State community – the unaffected fan in the stadium's third row – to decide how Paterno's legacy should be treated. It's not up to his widow, Sue Paterno, who persuaded the university to have this weekend.
It's up to the men who were molested. They get to decide.
For more information, go to malesurvivor.org or call the National Child Sexual Abuse Helpline (Darkness to Light) at 1-866-367-5444. If you suspect a child is being harmed, go to RAINN.org.
Proposed Verizon Wireless tower opposed by neighbors in Santa Rosa
Scott and Amelia Chapman and their two young children love the Santa Rosa home they purchased at the north end of the junior college neighborhood in 2014.
After the turmoil of the housing crisis, which caused them lose a previous home and relocate out of the area for a time, the couple were eager to put down roots in Santa Rosa again.
But an unwanted neighbor has them rethinking those plans.
Verizon Wireless wants to erect a 70-foot-tall cellphone tower just 55 feet from their rear property line, a structure the company says it needs to improve cellular service in the area.
The prospect of a towering communications pole, even one camouflaged as a tree, has the Chapmans and several of their neighbors calling for the company to reconsider its plans.
They're anxious about their health, concerned about their property values, angry the city would allow such a thing so close to homes and annoyed other locations aren't being considered.
“This thing is completely disrupting our lives,” said Scott Chapman, a general contractor. “We spend most of our time in the backyard and this thing is going to be within 60 feet of us whenever we're back there.”
Chapman said he and his wife are not anti-corporation or anti-technology, noting they are Verizon customers. But they contend there has to be a better place for such a tower than next to two apartment buildings and a dozen single-family homes.
Verizon says a dramatic increase in demand for voice and data services on its network is forcing it to build new wireless facilities to improve coverage and network capacity in the city. The company has a “significant coverage gap” in its network in the Santa Rosa Junior College area, and looked at several other locations before selecting the site behind the Sutter Hospice Thrift Store, at 510 Lewis Road.
The property is owned by a trust managed by Kurt Kunde, of the storied Sonoma County winemaking family. Reached in Switzerland on Friday, Kunde said neither he nor the other members of the trust would have any comment on the project.
The trust has agreed to lease a small corner of the property for a tower and 26-by-30 foot enclosure where various equipment would be housed. Terms of the lease were not disclosed.
The tower itself would house nine 6-foot-tall wireless directional panel antennas, hidden behind faux broadleaf branches.
But Chapman, who at a recent community meeting saw examples of the leafy material the company plans to use to conceal the tower, has serious doubts about how effective the camouflaging will be.
“It is going to be the tallest ‘tree' in the neighborhood,” Chapman said. “This thing is huge. It's not good for our neighborhood in any way.”
Standing in the backyard of his Lewrosa Way home last week, Chapman raised an arm at a 45-degree angle toward a patch of blue sky over his kids' playhouse, asserting that the tower would loom large over their backyard.
“This is about the quality of life in our home,” Chapman said.
It's not just aesthetics that worry area residents. Deborah Smith, who lives around the corner from the Chapmans on Slater Street, said she has genuine health concerns about living in such close proximity to the constant exposure to the radiation emitted by wireless antennas.
After county commissioners in Miami-Dade, Florida, voted Friday to uphold Mayor Carlos Gimenez's Jan. 26 order to comply with President Donald Trump's crackdown on “sanctuary cities,” some residents reacted in typical liberal fashion.
Hundreds reportedly filled the County Hall and demanded that commissioners rescind the law, shouting “shame on you.”
The Miami New Times reported that the 9-to-3 vote culminated a month of arguing among residents, immigration activists and elected representatives. Protests even included a hunger strike by seven activists.
Fox News reported that several people gave emotional testimonies, speaking out against the order, including school-age children of those who had been deported. Four young girls and a boy also reportedly stood holding hands with Nora Sandigo, who has a foundation that helps children whose parents have been deported.
“These kids are orphans because they took their parents away from them. I can't stand this much pain,” Sandigo said.
Before the vote, the Cuban-born mayor defended his decision and said the county's police would not actively chase potential illegal immigrants or ask those arrested for their immigration status. But Miami-Dade authories will hold detainees who had already been flagged by Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
He added that most of the people who have been flagged had previously committed crimes.
“Look. I am an immigrant myself,” Gimenez said. “I can assure our residents that I will not comply with any executive order that will unfairly put our law-abiding immigrants at risk.”
In the end, it appeared that the county commission decided that compliance with the president's order was best after the Trump administration said in January that it would cut off federal funding to cities that gave sanctuary to illegal immigrants.
Miami-Dade County was the first major metropolitan area to drop its sanctuary status, and it could be start of a trend that liberals hate to think about. Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Share this story on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about this county upholding the mayor's order to cooperate with federal immigration officials.
What do you think about residents protesting the mayor's order? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
H/T The Daily Caller
On Friday, a week later, Mr. Yanukovych resurfaced for a news conference in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, in which he said he was still the legitimate president and urged Russia not to intervene militarily in Crimea.
Mr. Obama's warning suggested a deepening uncertainty among American officials about Mr. Putin's intentions in the region despite a series of high-level contacts in recent days, including a telephone call between the two presidents one week ago. Mr. Yanukovych was an ally of Russia, and his toppling has left the Kremlin grappling for a response.
While American officials said that intelligence indicated that a Russian operation was underway, Mr. Obama stopped short of calling it an invasion. Part of the confusion, one official said, was that Russia routinely moves troops between military bases in Crimea.
Another American official said that intelligence reports from the region were “all over the place,” but that the administration believed that Russia had moved some of its forces into Ukraine, while some of the movement, officials said, seemed to be an increase in protective measures around Russian military installations.
Though he threatened an unspecified cost to Russia, Mr. Obama has limited options to respond to an intervention. Officials said he could cancel his participation in a Group of 8 meeting in Sochi, Russia, in June. The administration could also break off talks on a potential trade agreement. Russia sent a delegation to Washington this week to explore closer trade and commercial ties.
Crimea, a multiethnic region that was granted a large degree of autonomy after Ukraine gained independence from the Soviet Union, has long been a source of tension with Russia and is home to some of Russia's most important military installations, including the headquarters of its Black Sea naval fleet.
The game of Monopoly. (Photo11: AP file) Story Highlights Experts think some Allied POWs escaped with the help of rigged Monopoly sets
Game boxes contained shears, metal files, a silk escape map, mini-compass, and local currency
The boxes arrived from phony charities with clues in their letterhead
(NEWSER) – Monopoly was more than a game for many World War II POWs, who used tools hidden in the boxed sets to help them escape. Christian Donland at Eurogamer looks deeply into the life of a high-strung, eccentric British intelligence officer named Clayton Hutton, who designed the escape tools and had them shipped to POWs in Monopoly games.
The boxes arrived from phony charities with clues in their letterhead, like the Biblical lines, "Ask and it shall be given you; seek and ye shall find; knock and it shall be opened unto you." POWs could also spot them by the red dot on the Free Parking space, notes the Atlantic. Inside, they found shears, metal files, a silk escape map, mini-compass, and money in the local currency.
NEWSER: Deeper 'Grand Canyon' found under Antarctic ice
Experts think some 35,000 Allied POWs escaped and made it back home, some presumably with the help of rigged Monopoly sets. But who knows? Hutton was forbidden to mention his ingenious tools, which were government secrets, after all.
Hutton had a nervous breakdown and later died in 1965, most of his work unacknowledged.
His greatest brush with fame likely came as a young man in meeting Harry Houdini, who bet he could escape from a box built by Hutton's colleagues. Houdini won by bribing a carpenter into adding an escape hatch, but Hutton "learned that, when it comes to escape,every trick counts," writes Donland. "Eventually he would put this knowledge ... to work for him in the Second World War."
Click for Donland's full, engrossing article, or click to read about coded letters from a POW that have finally been decoded.
Newser is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the Web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1m5xQyI
Op-ed: Trans Glamour Versus Trans Activism
This month 14 self-identified trans women graced a trifold cover of Candy magazine, a self-described “transversal style magazine.”
It's gorgeous. Suggestively clad, long-legged women posed in mostly vulnerable and sexualized positions in a color-spanning panorama of stunning trans beauty. It's the pinnacle of Western fashion and culture — and it's all transgender women. In that regard, it's a huge statement that unequivocally screams that trans people can do all the things cisgender (nontrans) people can do — in this case, largely modeling as well as other beauty and entertainment industry professions. We're not inferior, lesser-than, “others,” or any number of tropes that are heaped unjustly upon the trans* community due to unwarranted stereotypes and prejudice.
But in my opinion, that's generally where the Candy cover's positives stop — and where my critique begins.
It is often quoted: Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people. In that spirit, I would like to discuss ideas. Of course, you can't discuss ideas without incorporating events and people. In this instance, the event is the publication of the cover itself — of which there are only 1,500 physically published copies — and the people are the 14 trans women in the pictorial and subsequent photo spread. The ideas are celebrity activism and hero worship.
Transgender celebrities have undeniably afforded the trans community a significant increase in visibility. That visibility has arguably provided an opportunity for increased education about trans people and issues to a wider population. But when does celebrity just become celebrity? Is there an even somewhat discernible line between activist and celebrity?
I believe there is. Being a famous trans person doesn't make you an automatic activist. What makes you an activist is what you do with your time, resources, and fame. And if you don't walk your talk, you're just another famous person with an opinion. The cover of Candy touts the tagline, “the glamorous women who lead the trans revolution.” Exactly which revolution are we talking about? An activist revolution? Or a celebrity revolution?
I do not begrudge any of these women their financial success or fame. They've worked their asses off and they deserve it. But I think it bears acknowledging the fact that only three of the 14 women featured have actively pursued serious trans activism (at least they all made the front cover): Janet Mock, Laverne Cox, and Geena Rocero.
And a recent Huffington Post article is going right along with it, stating these women are “at the forefront of the battle for transgender rights.” That's simply an inaccurate statement. The majority of the women in these photos aren't actively fighting for transgender rights. What they're doing is showing that transgender people are talented and creative people who are capable of extraordinary things. And they're doing a pretty great job of that!
But there remains an important difference between that and genuine activism, which leads me to my next idea: hero worship.
A significant number of trans people acknowledge this shoot for what it is — unrealistic and unattainable stereotyping that plays to an affluent hetero- and cis-normative culture. Most trans women didn't win the genetic lottery and many will never be able to afford the intervening procedures that are generally required to attain such external beauty norms. Many trans women have physical traits that are generally considered more masculine: broader shoulders, deeper voices, less pronounced feminine curves. Showing 14 conventionally, if not exceptionally, beautiful trans women and advertising them as the leaders of the trans community only reinforces the “normality” of straight, cisgender society by pandering to the pervasive notion that your worth is intrinsically connected to how easily you can mimic the cisgender, heterosexual ideal.
As a fashion shoot, it's damn spectacular, but I also have to address the issues from a feminist's viewpoint. Putting a woman on display as a vulnerable, hypersexualized object of desire feeds into patriarchal ideology, the concept of excluding women from power in society and government that is steeped in archaic assumptions that women aren't strong enough, smart enough, capable enough to achieve at comparable rates to men. It says a woman's purpose is to please men. It says, “Don't be intimidated by trans women. They can be subjugated just like any other woman.” Some trans people would argue that any exposure is good exposure, but what good is exposure if it doesn't accurately represent what the community actually looks like? Where are the women in dapper tuxedos? Where are the lesbian and pansexual women? Where are the women with rippling muscles and buzz cuts?
Luis Venegas is the man behind Candy. A man who, according to his website, “proves that fashion publishing has a healthy future if it serves a niche of fellow enthusiasts.” Venegas told Style that he seeks to discover new talent. But what's so original about being straight and thin and soft and gorgeous?
Venegas said he's even more passionate about "[digging] a bit and bring back to the present some artists or works that seem to have been forgotten."
So where are all the trailblazers that don't look like supermodels? The women with queer sexual identities? Where are their stories? What have their contributions been?
For example, Greta Martela is a trailblazer. She led a group to start a 24/7 trans suicide hotline - staffed exclusively by transgender volunteers. Or Julia Serano — the queer author of Whipping Girl, a quintessential book examining the intersectionality of transgender and feminist issues? If we're really digging for trailblazers whose stories have been forgotten or overlooked (and you really don't have to dig too deep), why aren't they and other activists like them on the cover of Candy magazine instead of Carmen Carrera?
Did they not blaze deep enough trails? Or is it more that they're not all that glamorous?
Many in the trans community are content to celebrate this as a milestone in the fight for equality. And in a fashion sense, I suppose it is. But even then it's absolutely not representative of the majority of trans women, let alone the trans community. While it succeeds in its diversity of skin color, it fails to accurately represent the body size and shape and weight, even the sexuality, of most typical trans women, nor does it do anything to highlight how these (admittedly beautiful) women did, in fact, contribute to the fight for transgender rights.
So am I taking an unpopular stance on this? Probably. But I don't take it out of jealousy or envy. I take it out of indignation that a boob job has somehow done more for the trans community than the people putting everything they are into helping others without the flashbulbs or, oftentimes, any recognition at all.
So let's recognize this photo shoot for what it is: a highly successful, Westernized, heteronormative, transgender fashion statement. Let's not conflate that with an accurate portrayal of the trans* community or its activism.
ELLE BOATMAN is a native of Ohio currently residing in Wichita, Kan. She is a veteran of the United States Air Force, a mother of two children, a feminist, and the founder and creative director of the face of trans*, a transgender social awareness and visibility project.
A seventh suspicious package has been found at a Toronto costume store, capping a strange Halloween weekend in which the business had to be closed on two separate occasions because of unwelcome deliveries.
The latest package at the Amazing Party and Costume store, located off the Gardiner Expressway just west of Islington Avenue, was found Tuesday afternoon. Toronto police confirmed officers were on the scene investigating.
It is not immediately clear what the package is or when it was found.
The store was forced to close Tuesday after police discovered a suspicious package on Monday evening and two more on Tuesday morning.
Two fire trucks wait ouside the Amazing Party and Costume in Toronto. (Natalie Kalata/CBC)
The latest packages bring the total to seven, as three previous packages were found at the store over the Halloween weekend.
Investigators have confirmed that at least two packages contained "sophisticated" explosive devices — a mix of incendiary and explosive devices — that could cause death or serious damage.
A bomb disposal squad examined the building earlier Tuesday morning.
"They're the real deal," said Toronto police Insp. Gerry Cashman. "They can cause serious bodily harm or death and or serious property damage because they can ignite and they can cause a fire."
Cashman also highlighted the challenges of sifting through the costume-packed warehouse, noting it is "very difficult to get through all that inventory."
Officers with dogs and bomb-detecting robots located the devices.
The costume store and two neighbouring buildings were evacuated and, after a brief opening on Monday, remain closed Tuesday.
Customer Paula Delbarco said she was shocked anyone would target a store popular with children, a place she relies on year-round for special supplies.
"I'm really disappointed. I'm really sad that this human being thought this would be appropriate," Delbarco told CBC News.
The Halloween season is the Amazing Party Store's busiest time of year, and the owner estimates he has lost about half a million dollars in business.
Police have not yet said whether the three packages found since Monday contain explosives.
This morning's Washington Post's account of Stanley McChrystal's Afghanistan review isn't very surprising. We already knew that McChrystal sees the Taliban as a formidable enemy and thinks the U.S. needs an ambitious coutinerinsurgency to succeed.
What is striking is the back-and-forth, by means of background quotes, between the White House and the Pentagon in the Post's accompanying analysis piece. In the wake of the tainted Afghan elections, Barack Obama sounds increasingly wary about a major escalation in America's support for a government widely seen as illegitimate (not to mention corrupt). Important people in the White House, including Joe Biden, understand that you can't wage a winning counterinsurgency on behalf of a broadly distrusted government. (For more on Biden see my print story this week, not yet online). But the military establishment obviously wants to proceed, and is increasinly relying on press leaks to pressure the Obama team to deliver the boots. Here's the most vivid example from the Post:
But Obama's deliberative pace -- he has held only one meeting of his top national security advisers to discuss McChrystal's report so far -- is a source of growing consternation within the military. "Either accept the assessment or correct it, or let's have a discussion," one Pentagon official said. "Will you read it and tell us what you think?" Within the military, this official said, "there is a frustration. A significant frustration. A serious frustration."
And from the White House, we get this irritated retort:
By Annie Gowen
DHAKA, Bangladesh – The number of Rohingya refugees fleeing a military crackdown in Myanmar has now topped 370,000, a crisis that the United Nations human rights chief called “a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.”
Hundreds of thousands of the long-persecuted ethnic minority continued to stream via land and rickety boats into Bangladesh this week, arriving exhausted, dehydrated and recounting tales of nightmarish horrors at the hands of the Myanmar military, including friends and neighbours shot dead and homes torched before their eyes.
“It seems they wanted us to leave the country,” said Nurjahan, an elderly Rohingya woman who escaped her burning village 10 days ago and ended up camped by the side of the road, unsure of where to go.
Speaking in Geneva on Tuesday, the International Organization for Migration put the number fleeing Myanmar, also known as Burma, at 370,000 but admitted that it could go much higher.
“Clearly the estimates have been bypassed several times over,” said spokesman Leonard Doyle. “I'm reluctant to give a number but obviously people fear that it could go much higher.”
As the refugees continue to inundate the area, ferry operators are charging about US$122 for a river crossing – far out of the reach of many of them.
Relief efforts have been rapidly overwhelmed, with stocks of food, temporary shelter kits and other supplies running low. Prices of vegetables, bamboo and plastic sheeting used to make shelter are soaring.
With camps full, many of the Rohingya refugees like Nurjahan have simply sat down on the roadside.
On Tuesday, Bangladesh's prime minister, Sheikh Hasina, visited the camps in the Cox's Bazar area of the country, which has sheltered thousands of the stateless Rohingya refugees since an earlier exodus in the 1990s. Her foreign minister has accused Myanmar of committing “genocide.”
She said Myanmar would have to take back its Rohingya, since they “created this problem, and they will have to solve it.”
International condemnation of Myanmar's leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has intensified, along with repeated calls for her Nobel Peace Prize, which she won in 1991 as a result for her long fight democracy in Myanmar, to be rescinded – something the Nobel committee has said will not happen.
On Monday, the White House issued a statement condemning the attacks and the ensuing violence, saying that it was “deeply troubled” by the ongoing crisis and “alarmed” by “allegations of human rights abuses, including extrajudicial killings, burning of villages, massacres, and rape, by security forces and by civilians acting with these forces' consent.”
Matthew Smith, the chief executive officer of Fortify Rights, a human rights group, said that the investigators from the group spent nine days at the border documenting those atrocities.
The Organization of Islamic Cooperation, the world's largest Muslim body, is urging Myanmar to allow in UN monitors so they can investigate what it alleges is systematic brutality against the Rohingya. The UN Human Rights Council approved an investigative mission earlier this year, but Myanmar in June refused to allow it to enter. An envoy's visit in July was met with protests.
In Myanmar, a Rohingya man said security forces arrived Monday in the village of Pa Din, firing guns, setting new fires to homes and driving out hundreds of Rohingya. “People were scared and running out of the village,” the villager said, speaking on condition of anonymity out of fear for his safety.
Myanmar police, however, said the houses were burned by terrorists they called Bengalis, a term used derisively in Myanmar against Rohingya.
Suu Kyi has long had strong supporters in Congress and in the Obama administration, who saw her as the one leader who could bridge the country's tentative transition from military junta to a civilian government.
But with Suu Kyi's continued reluctance to speak out on the Rohingya's plight and the ensuing human rights crisis, her star has begun to dim. Her supporters say that the episode has demonstrated how limited her powers are, as the military still controls 25 percent of the seats in the parliament as well as the security forces.
Myanmar's more than one million Rohingya Muslims are essentially stateless and the government considers them illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.
The minority group has endured decades of discrimination and neglect, which worsened in 2012 after Rohingyas clashed with Buddhists in Myanmars western Rakhine State. More than 100,000 were then confined to camps where their movement, access to jobs and education was severely restricted.
A mother of two, Khadiza, 35, said that they were used to living with violence but this latest episode was different: “Both the army and the Buddhists attacked us this time.”
At first, her husband convinced her things would improve, but when a neighbouring village burned they decided to leave. As they were fleeing overland, their group came under fire and was separated, she said. She has not seen her husband since.
“I have no idea where he is now,” she said. “I only came to save my two children.”
The exodus began Aug. 25 after an insurgent group of Rohingya militants called the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) attacked dozens of police outposts as well as an army camp, killing 12 and igniting days of violent retribution.
In addition to torching hundreds of villages and killing civilians, Amnesty International and other human rights groups have accused the Myanmar military of planting land mines at the border, based on the wounds suffered by some of those escaping.
United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, on Monday pointed to satellite imagery and reports of “security forces and local militia burning Rohingya villages.”
“The Myanmar government should stop pretending that the Rohingyas are setting fire to their own homes and laying waste to their own villages,” he added, a swipe at Suu Kyi's government, which has accused the Rohingya of doing the torching themselves. He called it a “complete denial of reality.”
With files from The Associated Press
"Decius," the anonymous author of " The Flight 93 Election ," has responded to critics of the piece, and his response is as good as the original.
It is, in fact, so uniformly good as almost to defy quotation. Every bit is as good as every other bit. Here's a sample, though, on Donald Trump's alleged immoderation.
For this objection to be decisive, Trump's personal immoderation would have to be on a level that aspires to tyrannical rule. I don't see it. Not even close. The charge of “buffoon” seems a million times more apt than “tyrant.” And even so, one must wonder how buffoonish the alleged buffoon really is when he is right on the most important issues while so many others who are esteemed wise are wrong. Hillary Clinton launched the Libya war, perhaps the worst security policy mistake in US history—which divided a country between two American enemies and anarchy, and took a stream of refugees into Europe and surged it into a flood. She pledges to vastly increase the refugee flow from the Middle East into our communities (and, mark my words, they will be Red State communities). Trump by contrast promises not to launch misguided wars, to protect our borders, and to focus immigration policy on the well-being of the currently-constituted American people. Who is truly more moderate: the colorful loudmouth with the sensible agenda or the corrupt, icy careerist with the radical agenda?
WASHINGTON — Real estate developer Donald Trump shot to national fame as a reality television star on ‘‘The Apprentice'' with the snappy tagline: ‘‘You're fired!''
Now president, Trump often makes other people in the White House do the dirty work — or shames those he wants out into quitting themselves.
Ways in which Trump has pulled the plug on aides:
REINCE PRIEBUS
Advertisement
Trump announced on Friday he was replacing his chief of staff after months of speculation about Priebus's fate and a series of belittling and emasculating comments from Trump and other White House aides. Priebus told CNN that he'd resigned on Thursday after it became clear to him the president ‘‘wanted to go a different direction.'' The former Republican Party chairman added: ‘‘He intuitively determined that it was time to do something differently. And I think he's right.''
JAMES COMEY
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
When the president decided to fire the FBI director in May, he deployed one his most trusted and longest-serving aides to carry out the task: bodyguard-turned-security director-turned director of Oval Office operations Keith Schiller. Schiller was sent to the Justice Department to deliver a letter notifying Comey of his firing. But the director was in California for a previously scheduled appearance and learned of his dismissal from TV.
COREY LEWANDOWSKI
After months of infighting and negative headlines during the campaign, Trump finally decided in June 2016 to oust his campaign manager. Lewandowski had guided the campaign with the motto, ‘‘Let Trump be Trump.'' Trump had stuck with Lewandowski even after he was accused of roughing up a female reporter. He agreed to pull the plug only after an intervention from his adult children and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Lewandowski was unceremoniously escorted out of Trump Tower in Manhattan by security after being notified of his dismissal, but continued to speak with Trump regularly.
CHRIS CHRISTIE
New Jersey's governor spent months leading the president-elect's transition team, pulling together policy papers and coming up with lists of potential Cabinet members. But Trump decided he no longer required Christie's services in the days after his Nov. 8 election victory and replaced his longtime personal friend with Mike Pence, the vice president-elect. This time, according to The New York Times, Trump gave chief strategist Steve Bannon the chore of telling Christie he was out.
PAUL MANAFORT
Trump chose to fire his campaign chairman amid a steady stream of negative headlines about Manafort's foreign consulting work. He technically resigned from the position last August after Trump made clear his time was done. Trump's middle son, Eric Trump, said in an interview at the time that his father was concerned that questions about Manafort's past were taking attention away from the billionaire's presidential bid.
MICHAEL FLYNN
Advertisement
Trump's campaign adviser-turned-national security adviser resigned in February following reports that he had misled Pence and other officials about his contacts with Russia. In his resignation letter, Flynn said he gave the vice president and others ‘‘incomplete information'' about his calls with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. But Flynn's resignation wasn't voluntary. Trump later said that he'd fired Flynn, and blamed leaks from intelligence agencies and biased reporting from the ‘‘fake media'' for forcing his hand.
SAM NUNBERG
The man behind many of Trump's earliest and most popular campaign ideas was pushed out of Trump's campaign in the summer of 2015 following a report that he'd posted racially charged material on his Facebook page. This time, Trump delivered the news to Nunberg directly over the phone. The campaign also released a statement that falsely minimized Nunberg's role in the campaign, describing him as a ‘‘short-term consultant'' and ‘‘low-level'' staffer.
SEAN SPICER
The White House press secretary announced his resignation this month after six months on the job. He quit after Trump tapped New York financier Anthony Scaramucci to serve as White House communications director. Spicer, who had long been seeking the more strategic, behind-the-scene role, quit with little warning, telling The Associated Press that he felt it would be best to let Scaramucci start the job with a ‘‘clean slate.'' Spicer was not fired and said in an interview with Fox News Channel that the president wanted him to stay on. But Spicer, a devout Roman Catholic, had been subjected to a string of public slights by his boss, including being excluded from Trump's meeting with the pope during a trip to the Vatican and a series of public statements in which Trump said Spicer had been beaten up by the press.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 30, 2017, 5:54 AM GMT / Updated May 30, 2017, 10:04 PM GMT By Corky Siemaszko
Manuel Noriega, the Panamanian dictator with the pockmarked face whose brutal six-year reign was ended by a U.S. invasion, has died. He was 83.
Noriega, who in recent years had suffered from prostate cancer and survived several strokes, was the first foreign leader to be convicted of crimes in a U.S. court and served more than a dozen years in an American prison before he was finally allowed to return home to Panama.
Noriega acknowledges a cheering crowd in Panama City, Panama, in March 1988. Carlos Guardia / AP
Noriega died at Hospital Santo Tomas in Panama City at around 11:00 p.m. local time, the hospital confirmed to NBC News.
Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela also tweeted about the death, saying his passing "closes a chapter in our history; his daughters and their families deserve a burial in peace."
PHOTOS: Manuel Noriega, Ousted Panamanian Dictator, Dies at 83
Born Feb. 11, 1934 in Panama City, Noriega was the son of an accountant who was abandoned by his dad at age five and raised by an aunt. Young Manuel found his calling in the military.
Educated at a Peruvian military college, Noriega caught the attention of the CIA early on and became a paid informant as he rose through the ranks of the Panama National Guard, which was charged with defending the strategic canal that cuts the country in two.
A U.S. military helicopter flies over a burning building in Panama City on December 20, 1989. Noriega's headquarters, behind the residential high-rise in the foreground, was one of the first targets for the U.S. military in their offensive. AP file
But even as he served his masters in Washington, Noriega was slowly seizing power in Panama while establishing himself as a drug lord in cahoots with the Medellin Cartel in Colombia. He turned his country into a corrupt narco-kleptocracy where some of the biggest banks were used to launder drug money.
By 1983, Noriega had promoted himself to the rank of general and was the de facto ruler of Panama while still on the CIA payroll.
The next year, Noriega gave his blessing to the first free presidential election in Panama in 16 years. But when it became clear a political rival would win, Noriega stepped in to make sure his puppet was victorious in the election.
Noriega ruled with an iron hand. Longtime critic Hugo Spadafora was seized by a death squad and his decapitated and tortured body was found later wrapped in a U.S. Postal Service mail bag. Anti-Noriega demonstrations were put down brutally by his paramilitary forces, known as the "Dignity Battalions."
When his U.S. sponsors turned on him, Noriega played the race card to maintain power, rallying dark-skinned Panamanians like himself against the "white tails," the descendants of the white Europeans who dominated the country's economy.
U.S. Drug Enforcement Agents help Noriega into plane from Panama City to Miami on Jan. 4, 1990. Charles M. Reger / U.S. Air Force via AP
By 1989, the U.S. had had enough. And after a U.S. Marine was shot and killed, President George H.W. Bush ordered in the troops on Dec. 20 of that year.
By Jan. 31, 1990, Operation Just Cause was over and Noriega was in custody.
Two years later, Noriega was convicted in Miami on eight counts of drug smuggling and racketeering after a trial during which the extent of his involvement with the CIA was revealed.
Noriega in January 1990, after he was ousted by an American invasion of Panama a month earlier. AP, file
He was sentenced to 40 years in prison. He was released in 2007 after serving 17 years.
Convicted back in 1999 of money laundering, Noriega was sent to France to do more time before he was extradited back to Panama and jailed for crimes committed while he was ruling the country, including the brutal murder of Spadafora.
Behind bars, Noriega unsuccessfully sued the creators of the "Call of Duty" video game franchise claiming they ruined his reputation.
Last year, Noriega was diagnosed with a benign brain tumor and allowed to return to his home to prep for surgery.
The developers behind the smash hit app, Pokémon GO, have started work on a similar game set in the Harry Potter universe.
Instead of capturing Gyms and trading Pokémon, fans will soon be able to establish and manage schools of wizardry scattered throughout the real world, complete quests to acquire new spells, and engage in ‘large scale magical combat' with rivaling factions.
Niantic's senior developer Marcus Figueroa announced the new project in an interview with IGN
We have acquired the rights for the app. The demand for this title was absolutely insane, so we figured we'd give it a shot. If we're lucky we might see a launch by early 2017, but it's hard to tell this early in the project.
When pressed for details, Figueroa had this to say
We want to do something with schools of witchcraft and wizardry, similar to pokestops in Pokémon GO. As wells a quest system, and possibly large scale completely interactive events, but no promises. That's all I can say.
Pokémon Go rapidly topped the American iOS App Store's “Top Grossing” and “Free” charts after having hired SEO Services by SEOAdvantage.com.au. The game has become the fastest game to top the App Store and Google Play, beating Clash Royale, and in its first week became the most downloaded app on the App Store of all time. Within two days of release, it was installed on more than 5% of Android devices in the United States, according to SimilarWeb, According to SensorTower, the game was downloaded more than 10 million times within a week of release, becoming the fastest such app to do so, and reached 15 million global downloads by July 13.
Microsoft has been working very hard with Windows 10, addressing user feedback as part of the Windows Insider Program and making various refinements and improvements to the operating system. Unlike Windows 8.1, Windows 10 will come with out-of-the-box support for additional new media formats.
As we already know, Windows 10 will get MKV support. MKV, for those that did not know, is a flexible and open standard video file format that has quickly become the preferred file extension for high definition video. Now those who are on Windows 10 can have MKV support without the need for an additional codec. On top of that, Windows 10 also gets support for High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC).
In a tweet by Microsoft's Gabriel Aul, we have learned that Windows 10 will also receive support for Sub Station Alpha (SSA), Advanced Sub Station Alpha (ASS), and the SubRip file format (SRT). For those that didn't know, SSA and ASS is a subtitle file format commonly used by fansubbers, allowing for advanced display features like positioning, karaoke, etc.
This subtitle format is frequently used in anime subs, either to overlay subtitles onto video while it's being encoded, or to store subtitle data alongside video data in a Matroska (MKV) file. SRT is considered a more basic subtitle format, and will also be supported on Windows 10.
With native support for these file formats, encoders will no longer need to rely on third party software and codecs. Windows 10 is expected to be released this summer.
@PaulTheAnimeFan Yes we'll have SSA, ASS, and SRT (UTF8 unformatted). Very exciting! — Gabriel Aul (@GabeAul) March 30, 2015
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
Microsoft today said it will issue 16 security updates on Tuesday, the most in more than three years, to patch Internet Explorer (IE), Windows, Office, Exchange Server and SharePoint Server.
The 16 "bulletins," as Microsoft calls its updates, listed in today's advance notice were nearly double the previous 2014 record of nine set in May and August, trumped 2013's record of 13, and came within an ace of the all-time 17 last set in April 2011.
Russ Ernst, director of product management with security firm Lumension, called November's slate "whopping" in an email today, while Jon Rudolph, senior software engineer at Core Security, christened it "overwhelming."
Five of the 16 were pegged "critical," Microsoft's most serious threat ranking. Nine were tagged "important," the next step down in the four-step scoring system, while two were labeled "moderate."
A quintet were identified as fixing vulnerabilities that, if exploited, could result in "remote code execution," meaning that successful hackers could hijack a system and install malware on the machine. Seven others will patch less dire "elevation of privilege" bugs.
As it is now rote, Microsoft will patch all supported versions of its IE browser, from the almost-retired IE6 on Windows Server 2003 to the newest IE11. The fix for IE on Windows' client editions -- Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8/8.1 -- was ranked critical for IE7, IE8, IE9, IE10 and IE11.
Microsoft did not put a number to the individual IE vulnerabilities it will patch, but in the last five months the company has quashed 161 bugs in the browser, or an average of 32 each month. The largest number of IE flaws fixed in a single month during that stretch was 60 in June, but September (with 37) and August (26) weren't far behind.
Other critical updates will tackle vulnerabilities in various flavors of Windows, including the intriguing Bulletin 5, which affects only the server operating systems. Microsoft said that the one or more bugs set for quashing by Bulletin 5 were not present in the client editions, but that they would be updated nonetheless to provide "additional defense-in-depth hardening" as protection against similar vulnerabilities that may pop up in the future.
A pair of the important updates will address vulnerabilities in SharePoint Server 2010 and Exchange Server 2007, 2010 and 2013. Fixes applied by those updates will deal with elevation of privilege flaws, and may require restarting the servers, often a dicey deal for IT staffs as both SharePoint and Exchange -- but especially the latter -- are mission-critical systems that cannot be offline for any but the very shortest stretches.
"Exchange server patching is always tricky because the systems are mission critical and often deployed on the perimeter," agreed Ross Barrett, senior manager of security engineering at Rapid7, in an email. "Administrators will have to balance the risk of exploit with their perceived exposure and their tolerance for downtime."
Microsoft will release the 16 updates on Nov. 11 around 10 a.m. PT (1 p.m. ET).
This story, "Microsoft plans monster security update for next week" was originally published by Computerworld .
NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported last week that the San Diego Chargers have no intention of trading Philip Rivers this offseason.
General manager Tom Telesco confirmed that stance Monday, via ESPN.com's Eric Williams, at the NFL Annual Meeting.
"It's not even on our radar," Telesco said. "He's a Charger."
We connected the dots from Rivers to the Tennessee Titans after the Bolts quarterback told U-T San Diego that he had reservations about a potential franchise move to Los Angeles and wanted to play out his contract to maintain control over his future in 2016.
Telesco made it clear, however, that Rivers won't be dealt for the Titans' No. 2 overall draft pick -- or any other package.
"He's our guy," Telesco explained. "Like I've said before, we'd like to extend him. And when he's ready to do that, we'll get moving on it."
Coach Mike McCoy was just as emphatic on Tuesday, telling reporters that Rivers is "one of the best in the business."
"The only thing I'm worried about is this next season. We can't worry about 2016 and beyond," McCoy added to NFL Media's Tiffany Blackmon. "He's under contract for this year, and we plan on Philip Rivers retiring a Charger."
The Chargers' position on Rivers is understandable. Armed with leverage provided by the franchise tag, NFL teams simply don't trade proven franchise quarterbacks.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps the inaugural Veteran Combine and discusses which star players were helped (and hurt) by free agency. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
SPACE SHUTTLE
The vehicle which is responsible to transport the payloads and human to outer-space. But very few people know t
he working and engineering behind a space shuttle.
NASA stands for National Aeronautics and Space Administration. NASA's space shuttle is the most complicated and complex machine ever build, making it one of the world's most expensive vehicles. It travels 25 times faster than a speeding bullet and carries cargo worth million's of dollars. Its the world's first reusable space shuttle. On each mission it travels 6.5 millions kilometers. The launching of space shuttle is being done at Kennedy's space center. A new space shuttle cost around 1.7 billion dollars and take it for a spin can cost around 450 million dollars. Because of huge expense, NASA had to reduce its cost by reusing the space shuttle for its next program. And the best thing about space shuttle - "It has to be part plane and part rocket".
But before we get started, let's get introduced with the main components of space vehicle.
The two white booster's are called SRB's which stands for 'Solid Rocket Booster'. They play very important role during initial minutes of flight and produces very large thrust to lift off this giant vehicle. After burnout they are parachuted into the Atlantic Ocean. The orange tank is space shuttle external tank which consist of liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. The main part in middle looking like a aircraft is actually called 'orbiter' which takes the payload and humans to space.
The initial spark that you see above before combustion has also a reason. This is hydrogen burn-off system which eliminates free hydrogen present prior to main engine ignition. Hydrogen vapours are exhausted into main engine nozzles during the start sequence, if ignited when the engines ignite ,a small explosion could happen which can damage engine bells. The six hydrogen burn-off pre-igniters are initiated at T-10 seconds on launch countdown clock. They throw off thousands of hot,luminescent balls into the area below the engine bells , igniting the free hydrogen and precluding a rough combustion when main engine starts. These pre-igniters are Radial Outward Firing Initiators(ROFIs). the ROFIs were designed to provide safe ignition source for any unburned GH2 during space shuttle engine start period.This was done by the use of small rocket motors in the ROFIs that fired zirconium particles outward into the aft engine area and flooded the area between the main engine nozzles and the exhaust duct entrance with hot zirconium sparklers.
The orbiter's three main engine burns furiously during shuttle's 8.5 minute ascent into orbit. They are extremely powerful- 37 million horse-power approximately, and they propel 2000 tonnes shuttle upto 650 kilometers above earth surface.These engines not only travel at enormous distances but also they have to withstand extreme temperatures. Without protection, they would not only melt like an ice-cream melting at room temperature, but would vaporize at such extreme temperature. The temperature in the engines can exceed upto 3300°C or 6000°F. That is the problem-"Engines that melt can never do the job they are supposed to do !! "
So, how is this achieved ?
These are not some random design inside the shuttle's nozzle. But they are small distribution tubes, 1080 to be precise, to pass the super-cooled hydrogen fuel to the engine thereby keeping nozzle cool.
Actually hydrogen which is used as a fuel, works as a coolant. Inside the giant orange tank,the super-cooled liquid hydrogen at -253°C is passed through these tubes, keeping the temperature below the melting point of the material. Hence with one arrow two targets achieved - that is with one hydrogen fuel, it is used as both fuel and coolant. And that's how the nozzle don't melt even at such high temperature.
But even the thrust produced by the orbiter isn't enough to lift the shuttle. Thus, along with the orange tank filled with liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen, two solid rocket boosters are required. More engines, more fuel required, and also the weight will increase. But NASA doesn't want weight to be increased along with increasing number of engines. So, they used SRB's(Solid Rocket Booster), and name itself suggest that, the fuel used is solid. Solid have the least volume compared to liquid and gas. Hence huge amount of fuel can be stacked within small volume with great power to weight ratio. Booster are very large in size- height of a 15 storey building, these are the largest solid rocket booster ever flown producing about 1300 tonnes of thrust, equal to 17000 F1 car engines. To get that amount of power, the fuel has to burn at incredible temperature and incredibly faster. The rocket propellent mixture in each solid rocket motor consisted of ammonium perchlorate(Oxidizer 69.6% by weight) atomized aluminium powder(fuel 16%), iron oxide (catalyst 0.4%),PBAN (binder,also acts as fuel 12.04%) and an epoxy curing agent(1.96%). This propellent is commonly referred to as Ammonium Perchlorate Composite Propellent or APCP.
At launch each booster is burning fuel at the unbelievable rate of 5 tonnes every second(5tons/sec). They burn for about two minutes and then they jettison( Drop from shuttle ). See the below GIF for complete illustration.
They get jettisoned 49 kms up, come back to earth and crash land into Atlantic ocean. The beauty of this system is - They are used again after maintenance ready for its next journey.
But we have not come across the biggest problem. The exhaust gases generate enormous thrust, which is accompanied with another unwanted energy :- ACOUSTIC ENERGY, that is sound energy. It is so powerful that it can have fatal consequences. Even at very far distances at 3 miles , you can feel the energy pounding in your chest. If this energy is not controlled, it can bounce of the ground straight back to the shuttle and cause disaster. On first ever shuttle mission they ripped the heat resistant tile of the surface of orbiter, fortunately that time orbiter returned to earth safely.
Doubt that how sound energy can be catastrophic? We know that sound travels through a medium and is in a form of vibration. This vibration travel in the medium in form of waves. You might have heard about the glass breaking into pieces when opera singer sings.
I hope you remember the movie 'Back to Future' when Marty Mcfly uses huge amplifier.
From Movie -' Back to Future'
That's the power of sound waves. But wait, shuttle's problem is much bigger. It's exhaust gases jet out in about 4000 km/hr, producing vast amount of sound energy as vibrations. So, engineers needed a way to protect the shuttle from these catastrophic vibrations. So, how NASA managed to get rid of this problem ?
They used very clever technique called Sound Suppression System. Bubbles are great insulator to sound waves. They absorb the sound waves and convert it into heat energy. This same technique was used by Germans during world war-II. The German's wanted their submarines to be untraceable by their ally destroyers from their SONAR system.
SONAR means Sound Navigation And Ranging that uses sound propagation waves underwater. The SONAR works by sending out sound wave and waiting for the echo or the reflected waves to bounce back from a solid object. These could tell them where the German submarines were and they can destroy it very easily. But if German submarine somehow manage to absorb the sound wave preventing it from bouncing back then, they can be invisible to their allies.
So German put tiles in their submarine surface. But they were not ordinary tiles, as they were preventing sound waves to bounce back to receiver. These tiles are made of rubber with air bubbles on it. That is, it has dimples on its surface, that traps air and creates many air bubbles.
So, when SONAR hits this surface, it absorbs the waves preventing the receiver to receive the signals, and German submarines become invisible to their allies in very clever and effective way.
In much similar way, NASA's sound supression system work by absorbing the sound/vibration waves through millions of small bubbles. But instead of air bubble in water, they have water vapor in air as shuttle is obviously not underwater. Just after 9 seconds of launch,the water flows out, at an unbelievable 900,000 gallons or 3.5 million liters a minute. Releasing so much water, so quickly through rain-birds creates millions of water droplets suspended in air. And these water drops that absorbs the phenomenal sound energy turning into heat energy.
Orbiter is designed to transport astronauts and payloads including satellite and ISS (International space station) components to space.
But, you can't just pop open the back and pull out your cargo especially when its heavy object like satellite or ISS equipment which are very expensive and obviously not the easiest objects to move. So, every shuttle is armed with a helping hand- The Canadian arm.
The real problem in space is no gravity which not only makes it difficult to hold objects but it knocks the objects farther from itself. This is again a problem as there is no air resistance in space, so if an object starts moving it won't stop. Hence they are made from special type of grippers which are 20cm in diameter that holds the object in space with 100% efficiency.
Grab Position
Release Position
So, Canadarm plays very important role for safely moving heavy and expensive components in space.The Canadarm was a remote-controlled mechanical arm, also known as the Shuttle Remote Manipulator System(SRMS). During its 30-year career with NASA's Space shuttle program, the robotic arm deployed,captured and moved cargo. Canadarm retired in July following the Space shuttle program's final mission. Canadarm could be thought of 15-metre human arm with wrist,elbow and shoulder. each of these joints included a "joint one-degree-of-freedom"(JOD). A JOD was a motor-gearbox that allowed the Canadarm to bend and turn with more flexibility than even a human arm.
Working model of Canadarm
A TV camera located on robotic arm's as well as an optional camera located at its elbow,acted as Canadarm's eyes while one of the five on-board shuttle computers served as its brain. Canadarm weighs 410 kilograms and could not support itself in earth's gravity. Because of this, engineers built a computer based simulation facility-similar to video game-to test the robotic arm and to train astronauts in its use. The facility called SIMFAC, verified canadarm's operation before its first flight. Canadarm could lift over 30,000 kilograms on Earth- or upto 266,000 kilograms in the weightless of space at speeds of upto 60 centi-metres per second(Depending on payload mass).
But the most difficult condition for space shuttle is Re-entry. A return journey is one of the most dangerous part of shuttle. In 2003, the orbiter Colombia burnt up as it re-entered the earth's atmosphere killing all seven astronauts. The problem is incredible speed. Re-entering, the orbiter travels at an enormous speed of 27000 kilometres an hour. Travelling at very high speed in space is not a problem as there is no atmosphere to resist it and create friction. Aircraft, automobile, bullets are streamlined in order to reduce this friction so that they can cut through air with minimum resistance. So, early scientist also thought that, this approach could also work for shuttle. But, they were wrong.
Julian Allen
In the 1950's,space scientist Harry Julian Allen realized that rocket speeds come with their own problem. Travelling at speeds five times and above the sound speed, friction play very vital and different role. No, matter how its designed or material used, nothing can survive that heat. His theory was pretty radical " Rather than make the nose to re-enter the atmosphere sharp , he said to make it blunt,deliberately un-aerodynamic. With blunt design you can smash the air and get out of the way, and not cut through it.
If the nose is sharp then the heat generated due to friction at nose will also flow through the wings. As shown below from model studies it is evident that sharp nose can cause major harm to the wings of shuttle. The sharp pointed nose cuts through air and the high temperature air moves over wings which damages the wing.
Model study of shuttle having sharp nose
While the blunt nose will not have the same effect. Instead the blunt nose smash through air and avoid the high temperature air passing through wings. The model study of blunt nose is shown below.
As it is shown,the air does not pass through the wings but moves away only because of blunt nose.
Model study of blunt nose
But in order to safeguard wings, the nose has to withstand the tremendous friction of Earth's atmosphere and its high generated temperature.
It has no crime, full employment, cheap housing... and is owned by the lord of the manor. So is this the perfect English village?
Aside from the cows, there isn't much in the way of traffic here. There is a bus service, but it comes only once a week and goes as far as the bright lights of Blandford Forum. If you find yourself here for no reason, you are well and truly lost.
The traditional cliche for pretty little villages such as this is 'sleepy'. But there's nothing bleary-eyed about the Dorset backwater of Chettle.
This is a village which defies every statistic and market trend. It has zero unemployment. Its businesses are booming. It has no problem with outsiders buying up second homes - because they are simply not allowed. Rents are way below the market rate.
Chettle: Is this the perfect English village?
This is the village the credit crunch forgot. Young couples are not driven out by property prices and there are as many children (22) as there are pensioners.
Everyone knows everyone and crime is virtually non-existent. The last intruder was driven off by a lady pensioner with a pick-axe handle. So what is Chettle's secret? The answer is enough to make a sociologist or a Labour MP weep.
For the past 1,000 years, this entire village and all the land around it - every last square inch of it - have been owned and controlled by the lord of the manor. And that is just how everybody likes it.
Before World War II, many landed estates owned entire villages. But death duties and demographics changed all that.
Today, it is thought that there are fewer than a dozen villages still wholly in private hands - Edensor and Tissington in Derbyshire, Heydon in Norfolk and a handful in the West Country.
Chettle is particularly interesting, though, because it owes its survival to the determination of a few strong-minded women. And now, after spending the best part of 1,000 years in blissful obscurity, it suddenly finds itself the subject of a new book, The Enduring Village.
So I have come to explore this pretty backwater to see how a Victorian squirearchy survives in the 21st century. But I do not find any forelocks being tugged. Indeed, if there was a contest to find Britain's perfect village, this one would have to be a strong candidate.
'I suppose you could call it benevolent feudalism. It certainly works and long may it last,' says John Sansom, 64, a tenant farmer who runs the same 300-acre dairy farm in Chettle that his father ran before him.
'The Bourke family owns this place and no one has a problem with that, because if it wasn't for them, most of us wouldn't be here.'
Like any village of a certain age, Chettle has a rich history of colourful characters, ups and downs, feuds and illicit liaisons (one former squire was a clergyman with three illegitimate children).
The Manor House: Chettle House is owned by Peter Bourke
But the similarities between Chettle and most other villages end there. All over rural Britain you find the same problems in village after village. First, the place becomes a target for retirees and second-home owners because it looks pretty. House prices rise and the younger generation has to head for the town.
Then, since everyone has a car to get to the supermarket, the village shop shuts down and, weekends aside, a ghostly atmosphere descends.
Chettle, on the other hand, is thriving. 'We have a very simple policy: we want people living here who have a good reason to be here, because that's what keeps it all going,' says Peter Bourke, 41, as we wander through the soaring hall of Chettle House, the magnificent Queen Anne mansion which stands at the heart of the estate.
It was Peter's great-great-aunt who saved this place from ruin and his grandmother who saved it all over again.
His aunt still runs the 1,200-acre estate, while Peter and his wife, Fiona, run the house.
In due course, Peter will inherit everything. But he is determined to run it all like the women before him.
'It's marriages that have saved this place,' he explains.
Since the mid-19th century, Peter's family - 'a perfect combination of lawyers, bankers and smugglers' - have controlled the village because they have owned every one of the 42 farms, cottages and flats here. And because the rents are a fraction of those charged by the other landlords in these parts, people are queuing up to become tenants.
Here, a pretty three-bedroom thatched cottage costs around £60 a week. On the open market, the same property would command £300 a week.
But it's not just a question of joining a housing waiting list. Priority for a home goes to anyone who works in the Chettle timberyard, the Chettle farms, the Chettle village shop or the Castleman Hotel (all owned by the Bourkes). After that, priority goes to anyone whose parents or grandparents lived in Chettle.
'Some families have lived here even longer than mine,' says 73-year-old Susan Favre (née Bourke), Peter's aunt. She is the no-nonsense matriarch of the estate and general head of everything.
Chettle is full of beautiful old houses, but villagers pay only the minimum of rents
When a group of gipsies is spotted poaching in a field up the road, it was Susan who warned them off with a pick-axe handle. They have not been seen since.
Susan chooses the tenants - and evicts them, too. 'We expect people to live here. If they treat this place as a holiday home, then we won't let them stay. People need to live here to keep the shop and the whole community going.'
Of the eight villages in this area, Chettle is the only one with a shop - not bad for a place with a population of 90. And it's not just a well-stocked shop but a Post Office, too.
But much to Susan's fury, the Royal Mail want to shut down her Post Office counter and send villagers miles away to buy their stamps.
'Everyone will have to drive. So much for all that green rhetoric!' she snorts. A battle plan is being drawn up. It should be quite a battle. Equally unusual is the tiny 14th-century church. St Mary's - capacity 90 - is in tip-top condition. As lords of the manor, the Bourkes have the ancient right to appoint a vicar and they like to keep the church going.
Peter's father, Patrick, is the current lord of the manor, but also happens to be the organist. So the family grant a free house and telephone to a clergyman who will perform a service every Sunday.
'I originally came here for two years and, ten years later, I still can't believe how lucky I am,' says the Rev William Johnstone, 82, a retired missionary, as we dodge the sheep who are keeping the churchyard grass in order.
The church sits in the beautiful gardens of Chettle House with its lofty cedars, a picturesque grass tennis court and immaculate lawns.
Chettle has been owned and controlled by the Lord of the Manor for more than 1,000 years
But there is not a team of estate workers to keep it in order. When he is not working as a solicitor in Salisbury, Peter does all the gardening, ably assisted by Fiona and sons James, seven, and Sam, one.
It looks idyllic, but it is a hard grind to keep the place watertight and in the black. Peter and his family live in one part of the house while the rest is divided into five flats which are rented out to locals.
Fiona organises weddings, the couple belong to the Historic Houses Association and the house is open to the paying public on certain days. Some will recognise it as a location from the 2006 period drama film Amazing Grace.
When I drop by on a weekday evening, Peter has just dashed home from work to welcome the Blandford Forum Photography Club. Some of the visitors are a little surprised when the nice young couple serving the tea turn out to be the owners.
There is no 'them and us' in this village. It's all first-name terms, whether you are a Bourke or a bin man.
'If you are a landlord, you want your tenant to feel as if they own the place,' says Patrick Bourke, 71, who has recently retired to a converted stable block so that his son could take over the big house. 'If you lord it over people, they won't respect the property - or you.'
John Sansom is a typical tenant.
'Everyone's equal round here,' says the widower and grandfather, sitting on the lawn of the rambling Old Rectory, which he shares with various animals, including a 23-year- old goose called Lunch.
He bursts out laughing when I ask him if he has ever tugged a forelock. 'Look, I live in this big old house and Susan, who owns the village, lives in a cottage. It's a funny old place.'
'This is a brilliant community,' says another tenant, Netta Wase. 'I don't know what we'd do without Susan and her family.'
Back at the Castleman Hotel - formerly the estate's dower house - business is brisk. The place is managed by Teddy Bourke (Patrick's and Susan's younger brother) and the chef is his wife, Barbara.
The Castlesman family owned Chettle in 1903, when the staff were pictured outside the Lodge
Her cooking pulls in a full house from miles around. It's a charming old place with smart new rooms and a library decorated with family crests and a pirate flag captured by a swashbuckling Bourke ancestor.
A lawyer by training, Teddy is working as the barman tonight, but he knows many of the guests like old friends. He tells them to pour their own drinks, while he talks me through the story of Chettle and the women who have kept it going.
The village and the estate have hardly changed in size since the Domesday Book. In 1847, Chettle was bought by the Castlemans - a Dorset family on the up. By the Edwardian era, it had passed down to Edward Castleman.
He preferred hunting to managing his estate, and Chettle's fortunes were saved only by his marriage to the wealthy Jessie Morris.
When she died in 1937, he was left childless, elderly and alone. At the outbreak of war, his niece Esther Bourke and her young children came down to spend a few days with Uncle Edward.
'She came for the weekend. And she never left,' explains Teddy. While her husband, Leslie, went off to fight in the Far East and Uncle Edward grew frail, Esther ended up running the Chettle estate through the war.
'She was a strong woman. She wasn't born to the manor and I think that's what made her work all the harder,' says Teddy.
Leslie Bourke returned from the war seeking a divorce, while Edward Castleman died in 1946. Faced with hefty death duties, the obvious solution was to sell up. But Esther could not bear breaking up an estate she had come to love.
She auctioned off anything portable, from livestock to timber to works of art. It was just enough to keep the estate and the village intact.
'Everyone was telling her she was mad,' says Teddy. 'But that just made my mother more determined. The house was virtually empty, except for the 32 buckets we put under the roof whenever it rained.'
In time, Esther pulled Chettle back from the brink and, when she died in 1967, she left the big house to Patrick and the estate to Susan. In due course, it will be down to Peter and Fiona and their sons to steer it into the future.
It will be a substantial challenge to keep Chettle in one piece without selling parts of the village or raising the rents to commercial rates.
And yet, Peter is determined to keep it as it is. I point out that an estate like this, with all these houses and fertile acres, is worth at least £30 million. Why go through the stress of maintaining a Victorian idyll? Why not play the market or just sell?
Peter recoils, blinking in disbelief at the very thought. 'I can't imagine this place any other way,' he says firmly. 'Everyone likes it the way it is.'
Much as it will dismay the social engineers of the modern metropolitan elite, I cannot find a single villager who disagrees.
• The Enduring Village by Joyce Prince (Prince Publishing, £20).
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A helicopter pilot had been texting before he hit a crane in fog, killing himself and a man on the ground, writes Ben Glaze in the Sunday People.
Pete Barnes, who flew choppers in films such as Bond movie Die Another Day, died when his copter clipped a crane's arm, plunged 700ft to the street and burst into flames.
Rentokil worker Matthew Wood, 39, was also killed in the accident at Vauxhall, South London.
Mr Barnes's last text was to tell a business client who had hired the chopper he could not pick him up in Elstree, Herts, due to bad weather.
(Image: National Pictures)
The pilot had re-routed his Augusta A109E to land at Battersea when its rotors hit the crane next to one of Europe's biggest residential towers. An Air Accidents Investigation Branch report ­revealed: “The pilot sent five text messages and received five text messages ­during the 25-minute flight.”
It said: “The Civil Aviation Authority acknowledges the utility of mobile phones but is concerned they can distract pilots from their primary role and should not be used except in an emergency.”
The messages from Mr Barnes, 50, shortly before 8am on January 16, 2013, as he flew from Redhill, Surrey, were to a pilot friend and the helicopter ­operating firm as well as the client.
Dad-of-two Mr Barnes, of Mortimer, Berks, sent the last one four minutes before his death explaining the cloud over Elstree was too heavy to land. “Over Elstree no holes I'm afraid hdg back to Redhill least we tried chat in 10,” he wrote.
(Image: LNP)
Mr Barnes, who ferried politicians and celebs around the UK, asked air traffic control to divert to Battersea Heliport and was en route when he crashed at St George Wharf.
Report author Julian Firth said it was uncertain whether sending and reading texts had distracted the pilot. But a few seconds before the crash he was in radio contact with air traffic control.
The report added: “It is possible, therefore, that the pilot was distracted by the act of changing frequency as he entered the turn ­towards the building... it is unlikely he was distracted at the same time by composing a text message.”
Red Bull in war with Norwich's Redwell Brewing over name
Redwell Brewery, Norwich. Pictured left to right directors Amy Hancock, Patrick Fisher, Benjamin Thompson and Michael Baxter. Photo: Steve Adams
It's a classic case of David versus Goliath.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Redwell Brewery, Norwich that has received correspondence from Red Bull requesting that they change their name. Pictured left to right directors Amy Hancock, Patrick Fisher, Benjamin Thompson and Michael Baxter. Photo: Steve Adams Redwell Brewery, Norwich that has received correspondence from Red Bull requesting that they change their name. Pictured left to right directors Amy Hancock, Patrick Fisher, Benjamin Thompson and Michael Baxter. Photo: Steve Adams
One is the world-wide market leader in energy drinks and employs nearly 9,000 people.
The other is a small brewery on the outskirts of Norwich that employs eight people.
But Red Bull, from its headquarters in Austria, has written to Redwell Brewing, based at The Arches in Bracondale, near County Hall, requesting it to immediately withdraw its trademark application, because it claims the names are too similar and would confuse consumers. In the letter, Red Bull's brand enforcement manager, Hansjorg Jeserznik, says Redwell's application “comprises Red Bull's earlier trademark ‘red' as a whole, which is a prima facie for the similarity of signs.
“Moreover, all trademarks consist solely of English words and contain the common element ‘red'. The term ‘well' is merely descriptive and therefore of no distinctive character at all.
“Furthermore the term ‘bull' and the term ‘well' share the same ending and just differ in two letters.
“The ending ‘ll' is identical and therefore the terms Red Bull and Redwell are confusingly similar from a visual as well from a phonetical point of view.”
Red Bull goes on to say that “...consumers ... will easily consider the sign ‘redwell' as a line extension under Red Bull, in particular that the goods and services offered under ‘redwell' and Red Bull are coming from the same undertaking.
“The consumer will thus be confused as to the origin of the services.”
It also adds that the trademark would take unfair advantage of, dilute and tarnish the Red Bull trademarks.
The letter adds that if Redwell fails to comply with its request, it reserved its right to initiate legal steps including the right to file an opposition against Redwell's trademark.
Redwell Brewing, which started in October last year, is run by directors Patrick Fisher, Benjamin Thompson, Michael Baxter and Amy Hancock.
Mr Fisher said his first reaction to the Red Bull letter was shock, and his second was to contact his solicitors to find out where it stood.
He added: “It seems like an over-the-top reaction.
“As a small, innovative brewery, it's quite worrying to have this thing hanging over our heads, when we are looking to move the business forward.”
Fellow director Mr Thompson added: “It's quite scary that they could force us to change our name.
“We called ourselves Redwell after Redwell Street in Norwich. It was not just some random name we picked out of thin air.
“Patrick and Amy are part-owners of the Norwich Tap House in Redwell Street, and our beers are sold there.
“The name of Red Bull never came up at all when we were discussing what to call the brewery.
“I cannot see that there would be any confusion between Red Bull and Redwell. For a start,
Red Bull is two words and Redwell is one, and then the second words are different. We are different names, brands, designs and products.”
He added: “A lot of hard work has gone into developing our brand. The design on our bottles and other merchandise was created by third year graphic designers at Norwich University of the Arts. It would be catastrophic for us now to have to go back to the drawing board to find another name.”
Redwell supplies craft beer to pubs in Norwich and London and is expanding to sell across the country to Edinburgh, Glasgow, Newcastle and Manchester.
It produces 3000 litres of beer weekly, has been selling beer for about five months, and employs eight people. It claims to be the first brewery to brew lager in the city for more than 30 years.
As of the end of 2012, Red Bull employed 8,966 people in 165 countries and sold to 159 countries.
Redwell has replied to Red Bull's request and is trying to find a reasonable solution, without giving up its name, Mr Thompson added.
A spokesman for Red Bull, which was first launched in Austria in 1987, and is still based in that country, said that it did not comment on pending cases.
One of the more entertaining media day themes is #MuscleWatch, a hashtag coined by NBA.com writer Lang Whitaker. #MuscleWatch documents which players come into training camp claiming to have lost 15 pounds or gained 15 pounds of muscle. The results, as you might imagine, are generally pretty vast and often give very little true indication as to which players will actually see an uptick in their productivity.
That being said, perhaps the most visually notable #MuscleWatch improvement for the Celtics during Monday's media day was Kelly Olynyk's. The sophomore's shoulders were both bigger and more defined, and his frame looked generally larger overall.
“I feel like I'm moving well up and down the floor laterally and vertically,” he said. “I definitely got stronger. I got a better pace, now I just have to put it all together.”
Last season, Olynyk appeared to struggle with the NBA's physicality at times. The physical transition from college to the NBA is tough for every rookie, not only because of the longer schedule and the more talented competition, but also because of the pounding NBA players take on a nightly basis. Playing center for much of the season, Olynyk found himself taking even more of that pounding while banging with opposing bigs. In preparation for his second year of this abuse, Olynyk bulked up.
“You kind of know what to expect is the main thing,” he said of returning for his second year. “(Rookie year) is like preparing for a test when you've never taken the class. Now you've been through a whole year of the NBA, and you know what to expect. You know not only how to prepare, but what to prepare for nutritionally, mentally, sleep-wise, travel-wise, what to do, what not to do. You just learn as you go.”
How much that extra bulk helps remains to be seen. Olynyk was able to space the floor by knocking down 3-pointers in 2013-14, a skill set which will certainly continue to be a part of his role in the offense. He shot 35.1 percent from deep last year, better than league average, and an offseason of work from the NBA 3-point line is likely to help.
Around the rim, Olynyk was solid, shooting 65.3 percent from 0-3 feet per Basketball-Reference. According to NBA.com, Olynyk shot 63.4 percent in the restricted area. That's a solid number, but around the basket is where Olynyk's new-found bulk could help him the most. If he is able to absorb contact around the rim and still score, he'll be even more effective as an offensive option in the post.
“I wanted to improve as much as I could in as many areas as I could,” Olynyk said. “Offensively, definitely defensively, movement-wise, functionally, in the weight room getting stronger, quicker, faster. This game is played at a high athletic level. For me, I was banged up a little last year, so I'm just trying to get as high as I can that way.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BOONE, Iowa -- A year-long investigation has led to the arrest of a former pastor in Boone after he allegedly had a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old girl he was counseling.
Police say 47-year-old Joel Waltz met his victim when she was just 11 years old.
According to the police report, the girl had a troubled past. Waltz, serving as her youth pastor at Grace Community Church, counseled her. He met with her multiple times per week, and allegedly groomed her for a sexual relationship.
Police say he gave the girl gifts and wrote her letters, finally confessing his love for her when she was 16. The relationship then turned physical. Ames police say the sexual relationship lasted two years before the victim reported it to officials.
“It's really not uncommon for victims to wait some time in a case such as this before they'll come forward and report the inappropriate contact, and that's what it was in this case, too. The victim finally felt confident coming forward and speaking to us,” said Geoff Huff of the Ames Police Department.
The age of consent in Iowa is 16; however, police say the relationship was illegal because Waltz was serving as a counselor or therapist to the victim.
“This is someone being taken advantage of in a vulnerable situation, they're horrible cases. They're horrible for the victims, and it's going to have long-lasting effects for her,” said Huff.
It's also unsettling for people like Josh Rockwell, who lives right across from the church.
“At least they caught on to it, ‘cause we watch them play over there every Wednesday night for church and stuff like that at the kids' night. It can happen anywhere, it doesn't matter, you hear about it in schools all the time, too, and there's only so much you can do for filtering them out,” said Rockwell.
Police are not aware if Waltz has had similar relationships with other victims, and are encouraging anyone to come forward if they have.
Channel 13 tried to contact Waltz at his house, but he was not home.
Grace Community Church also did not respond to attempts to get in contact about these charges.
Waltz does not appear on the church's website, and has a preliminary hearing on April 3rd in Story County court.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino has been in power since 2010 (AFP Photo/Yoshikazu Tsuno)
Philippine President Benigno Aquino on Tuesday joked about China's disputed maritime territorial claims and praised Beijing's regional rival Japan for passing new legislation allowing the nation's troops to fight abroad.
Speaking in an interview with ABS-CBN television, Aquino said that China had proposed the joint development of the South China Sea while at the same time claiming almost all of the strategically sensitive waters.
"The joke then was that China was saying 'what is ours, what is yours, we share,'" Aquino said.
He also rejected China's calls for a bilateral dialogue, saying that any talks should involve other countries that claim parts of the area such as Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam and Taiwan.
Aquino praised Japan's passage of controversial legislation that eases restrictions on its military, opening up the possibility that it could fight abroad for the first time since World War II.
He said this would make Japan "a more able partner in various activities like peace-keeping."
"Should they be accorded lesser rights because at one point of time, they were very aggressive?" he added.
The security bills, which the Japanese parliament passed into law on Saturday, drew condemnation from China, which said they were a threat to regional peace, but the Philippines welcomed the move.
Aquino firmed up the strategic partnership between the two countries when he visited Japan in June and the Philippines hosted two naval exercises in quick succession with Japan earlier this year.
The Philippines has been the most vocal opponent of China's claims in the South China Sea, criticising its efforts to turn isolated outcrops in the disputed waters into artificial islands that can host military facilities.
Manila has also filed a case with an international tribunal challenging Beijing's maritime claims.
Woman pilots flying Air India planes will no longer be a rare sight as the national carrier is on a recruitment spree, training more women to fly than ever before.
Women's enrollment for flight training has more than doubled to 20 per cent this year from a meagre 5-7 per cent in the past.
Shivani Minhas, a trainee pilot hailing from Jammu and Kashmir, said that it has not been easy for aspiring women pilots to cope with the societal pressures.
Air India crew and pilots celebrating International Women's Day. (A file photo).
“Spending Rs 50 lakh on a daughter is not a good payback deal. Especially if you are coming from a disturbed place like Jammu and Kashmir,” she said.
There are also issues of safety raised by families of these aspiring pilots.
“We have to travel a lot and, therefore, safety is an issue for us. When I thought of becoming a pilot, the first challenge came from my family members. There is also myth that no middle class family girl can become a pilot,” said Sharmeen Magra, trainee pilot.
Sharmeen Magra (left) and Abheepsa Gupta (right) have been trained to fly the national carrier Air India
According to the figures of the civil aviation ministry, out of the total 5,100 pilots in the country 600 are women, accounting to about 11.7 per cent of the total number.
While the fresh recruitment by Air India is way above the national average, the real challenge would be to ensure that there is no discrimination with regards to pay, promotion and pregnancy-related benefits that women pilots have complained of in the past.
Interestingly, the numbers in India are way above the global average for women pilots, which is a meagre three per cent.
Even the world's lone superpower, the United States, has only seven per cent of women pilots in its commercial flights. (It is estimated that out of the 1.30 lakh trained commercial pilots across the world, a whopping 97 per cent are male.)
According to Captain N Sivaramakrishnan, General Manager (Ops-Training), Air India, women pilots are equally capable of flying an aircraft and in future, the ratio will increase as things have changed drastically in Air India.
“Don't get surprised if you see more women pilots flying Air India planes. Soon, we will increase the number,” he told Mail Today, Sivaramkrishnan, a veteran instructor with two decades of experience, said he has never seen so many women in a batch as in the current one.
“The number of women trainees has never been so high. The batch of 2015-16 has 37 women pilots out of the total 192 recruited. Prior to the current batch, there had been only 145 women pilots in Air India,” said Captain Ramesh Sanil, Airbus instructor for Air India.
Meanwhile, Air India has seen an overhaul to the Central Training Establishment (CTE). For the first time in 10 years instructors have been recruited for the main training centre of Air India.
According to Air India officials, there was a tussle between CTE management and the Air India management over recruitment of instructors, as top brass used to claim that there is no need of hiring a fresh batch of trainers.
“This year we started the procedure of hiring ground and crew instructors. Since 2006, there was not even a single ground instructor hired, but recently Ashwani Lohani, CMD Air India, gave a green signal for the recruitment. Also, we have accelerated in-house training of flying instructors so that young pilots can get trained in the shortest possible period,” said an Air India official on the condition of anonymity.
Pilot shortage to let more women fly high
According to the experts in the aviation sector this would further increase the percentage of women pilots in India, which is currently pegged at 15 per cent of the total strength. Pictured-Shivani Minhas, trainee pilot from J&K
Women pilot aspirants will see a great opportunity in pursuing flying as a career with India and Asia-Pacific region facing shortage of commercial pilots.
According to the experts in the aviation sector this would further increase the percentage of women pilots in India, which is currently pegged at 15 per cent of the total strength of women pilots worldwide.
Civil Aviation Ministry has also announced opening new pilot training schools to overcome the shortage.
At present, Air India has 1,441 pilots, with 670 of them flying 66 A320 family aircraft.
Besides, another 70 pilots are under training. According to sources, there is a shortage of over 1,000 commercial pilots in the country.
To meet the shortage, the airlines are compelled to hire expat pilots by paying around 60 per cent more than what the Indian pilots get.
This has also resulted in disparity in pay particularly with women pilots.
At present there are 45 flying schools including the central government-run Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Udan Academy in Uttar Pradesh.
The other 32 flying schools are owned by state governments and 12 by private companies.
According to International Civil Aviation Organisation, there will be a requirement of nearly 50,000 pilots worldwide till 2030 due to the growing air passengers and the aviation industry will have to train approximately 14,000 people annually to meet that need.
'We have to go on leave without pay'
It is tempting to read the Air India move to hire more women pilots as proof of gender empowerment. Sadly, the cheer ends there.
The relative prominence in numbers of women pilots mean precious little for most them at work place.
According to airline rules, once the pregnancy of a woman pilot or a cabin crew member is confirmed, they are grounded throughout the maternity period on medical grounds.
Woman pilots allege that they are kept out of the cockpit even from the early days of pregnancy
Even after delivery they have to continue with their ground job as they are not allowed to fly immediately leading to allegations of gross reduction in salary to the tune of 45 to 50 per cent as their flying allowances are docked.
Women pilots, meanwhile, have petitioned the aviation regulator to resolve the issue.
They point out that while they are kept out of the cockpit even from the early days of pregnancy, their counterparts across the world are deemed fit for the job at least till the second trimester.
The discrepancy, according to them has a direct bearing on their pay and promotion vis-à-vis male pilots.
“Many woman pilots have to go on long periods of leave-without pay and some airlines force them to stay away for almost a year, making them lose not only flying allowances and pay, but also their seniority,” said a woman pilot, with a private airline on conditions of anonymity as she was not authorised to speak to the media.
“If a woman is called for a commander training course and if she can't attend it due to pregnancy, it's a long wait before her turn comes up again. It affects our career progression,” the pilot explained.
The situation is even worse for women pilots who wish to adopt a child.
“There is no clause for mothers who want to adopt. We don't get any benefits under the maternity scheme. Even if one goes on leave, it means loss of pay,” said a crew member of Air India.
NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday dismissed BJP charge that it was attempting to shield Tarun Tejpal and hit back saying the cap fits the opposition party as it has become "by Modi, for Modi, of Modi" in the wake of the snooping row in which the Gujarat chief minister is the prime target."The BJP which proclaims high values is totally silent on the issue of snooping of a woman. Its character is fully exposed as a party by Modi, for Modi, of Modi," Mahila Congress chief Shobha Oza told reporters.Rejecting BJP charge that the Congress had a soft corner for Tejpal, she said that the party has "zero tolerance" against atrocities on women may the one involved is an editor or a chief minister."From day one in the Tejpal case, we have made it clear that the Congress does not defend any such behaviour," Oza said.Party spokesman Randip Singh Surjewala said that both the Congress and the Congress government is committed to protect the safety and dignity of every woman "whether she is being stalked by the chief minister or whether her person is being violated by a journalist editor, both need to be punished."
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler repeatedly said today that his network neutrality proposal doesn't authorize Internet fast lanes.
“This proposal does not provide or mandate paid prioritization,” he said to reporters after the FCC's vote. “There is nothing in this proposal that authorizes a fast lane. We ask questions but don't jump to conclusions.”
So has everyone who called this a “fast lane” proposal gotten the story wrong? Not exactly.
As Commissioner Mignon Clyburn said during today's meeting, there are no rules at all against Internet service providers blocking traffic or prioritizing some content over others. That's because a federal appeals court this year overturned the FCC's previous net neutrality order, issued in 2010.
While the FCC's latest proposal doesn't specifically authorize fast lanes, it didn't have to: they're already legal. ISPs can charge Web services like Netflix (“edge providers” in regulatory parlance) for a faster path to consumers over the last mile of the network because there aren't any enforceable rules against it.
The important thing is that today's proposal apparently doesn't ban fast lanes. The entire text of the FCC's order hasn't been released yet. It may become available today. (UPDATE: Here it is.) But a fact sheet the FCC released makes it pretty obvious that paid prioritization won't be banned.
The fact sheet says the FCC is going to "Enhance the transparency rules to provide increased and specific information about broadband providers' practices for edge providers, consumers." This could include disclosing information on network practices, performance characteristics like upload and download speeds, latency and packet loss, and data caps.
But the important thing regarding fast lanes is that the FCC said it has "tentatively" concluded that disclosures to the public should include "congestion that may adversely impact the experience of end users, including at interconnection points, and information about new practices, like any paid prioritization, to the extent that it is otherwise permitted." (Emphasis ours.)
Despite that admission, Wheeler repeatedly stressed the fact that the order itself doesn't authorize fast lanes without noting that they're already legal.
What he did say is that broadband providers will not be able to block services, and they will have to give consumers access to services at the level of quality they pay for.
“I literally this weekend just dealt with my broadband provider to make sure that I had sufficient capacity,” Wheeler said. “I buy a pipe. I buy a pathway. Nobody can mess with that. They can't degrade it, they can't tell me I can't access something, they can't tell somebody you can only get on to Tom's pathway if you pay me a price. They can't block.”
When asked by a reporter whether edge providers can purchase a faster path beyond the performance levels a consumer has paid for, Wheeler dodged. “You're going off and inventing hypothetical paths to the Internet," he said.
Both supporters and opponents of network neutrality generally agree that Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act, which the FCC is using to justify its proposed rules, prevents the FCC from banning fast lanes. The FCC would probably have to reclassify broadband providers as common carriers, essentially turning Internet service into a public utility, to ban paid prioritization.
“To be upheld under Section 706, any rules need to 'leave sufficient room for individualized bargaining and discrimination in terms,' or they will 'run afoul of the statutory prohibitions on common carrier treatment,'” Stanford law professor Barbara van Schewick wrote, quoting the federal appeals court decision.
Section 706 requires the commission to encourage deployment of broadband infrastructure. The court ruling overturning the previous net neutrality rules said the FCC can use Section 706 to regulate Internet traffic, as long as it doesn't go too far.
When asked by a reporter if Section 706 by its very nature allows fast lanes, Wheeler dodged again. “Nothing in this [proposal voted on today] authorizes a fast lane. In fact it asks questions about a fast lane. In the blocking section of the proposal we ask the question, ‘should there be a ban on paid prioritization?' In the non-discrimination portion of the proposal, we ask the question, ‘should there be a ban on paid prioritization?' Talk to me after we get the input on those questions.”
Wheeler briefly touched on whether any sort of unpaid prioritization would be allowed. “We might want to prioritize a 911 call,” he said.
The FCC will apparently have stricter rules on whether ISPs can favor “affiliated” content, which probably means content the ISP actually owns. The FCC said that it "tentatively concludes that priority service offered exclusively by a broadband provider to an affiliate should be considered illegal until proven otherwise."
Affiliated content is “basically what they own,” but the concept is a little broader because of shell companies that might own the content, Public Knowledge Senior Staff Attorney John Bergmayer told Ars.
The use of the word “exclusively” in the FCC's explanation could potentially mean that favoring affiliated content would be OK if unaffiliated providers are given the same offer.
“The first version of this idea that we heard was closer to ‘Favoring affiliated content is per se unreasonable,' but I would agree that throwing ‘exclusive' in there seems to change the meaning to ‘Go ahead and favor your own content as long as you allow others to buy the same special treatment,'” Bergmayer said.
If you want to weigh in on the FCC's proposal, the commission will accept public comments on its website until September 10.
On Sunday, New York Red Bulls II will face Swope Park Rangers in the USL Cup Final (5 pm PT, ESPNU). With the end of the 2016 season drawing near, SoccerNation spoke exclusively to USL President Jake Edwards about the state of the league, the role of California (including the all-important expansion question), player development and the status of the two Southern California teams currently in the USL, Orange County Blues and LA Galaxy II.
First, I'm wondering what the “theme” of the 2016 USL season has been from your perspective. I know attendance is up — is that the big takeaway or defining feature of the league overall this year?
The USL's 33 percent increase in total attendance for 2016 was certainly one of the League's biggest accomplishments this year, a testament to our passionate fans across North America. With some 30 teams expected to compete in 2017, USL has doubled in size since 2014 and is backed by ownership groups in major markets with a cumulative net worth of $4 billion (exclusive of MLS) and stakes in MLB, NBA and NHL franchises. The theme of our season extends to new initiatives: Video Assistant Referee program, the USL Digital Network and USL Productions have all kicked off in 2016 and will improve the game, engage fans in new ways and bring them closer to the USL.
In talking about attendance, it appears the Southern California teams have not made the same gains seen elsewhere. First, with the case of the Orange County Blues, they've got new ownership now and are promising big changes moving forward, but where does attendance fit in that equation for them?
Attendance is an important part of a team's success and what we have found that the proper venue is essential to building a loyal base of supporters. With James Keston we have found a local, committed owner whose goal is to transform the club into a world-class professional soccer organization. His plans include a complete rebranding of the team with significant fan input, a dramatically improved game day experience in a new stadium with up to 10,000 seats, a first-class soccer academy for nurturing Orange County's most talented youth players near their own communities, partnerships with a variety of clubs both domestic and international, and close links between the professional club and the community of Orange County, including fan interaction and charitable activities. Both James and the League see this as a recipe for success in Southern California.
And then there's LA Galaxy II, whose attendance appears to be increasing incrementally but aren't bringing in giant numbers. I've spoken with you before about the evolution of how to approach marketing and off-field goals for the MLS-owned teams, and I'm wondering what the next step will be for those sides, like LA Galaxy II, as they mature as USL teams.
USL has confirmed itself as the most competitive professional soccer league in North America under Major League Soccer and the results are showing. As you mentioned, MLS-owned USL clubs like LA Galaxy II have experienced increased attendance and our organization is committed to growing awareness in local and regional communities for all of its teams. It is more challenging for these clubs to build a fan base for the Second Team within the same market but some will continue to invest to see incremental growth and others may explore other affiliate with us.
I'm sure every interview you do these days mentions expansion, and I have to ask about it here. First, for our local audience, there have been rumors about San Diego getting a USL team. Can you comment on that? Is the league seriously considering expansion to San Diego, and if so, is there a general timeline on the project?
San Diego is a thriving market with a millennial population, considerable interest in soccer and high participation levels. We have received numerous expressions of interest from very credible groups and will continue to explore options in the market based on our three core tenets: strong local ownership, an attractive market and plans for a soccer-specific stadium.
Furthermore, we know LAFC will be entering MLS in 2018, and club leaders have said they considered starting a USL team next year but ultimately decided against it. What are your thoughts about LAFC's early interest in USL? And would you have a preference if the team became an LAFC 2 team or sought slightly distinct branding from the MLS club?
We have had discussions with LAFC but with the amount of work they have to do between launching the team, an academy and building its stadium it doesn't make sense to attempt a USL club right away. The discussions we did have centered on a distinct brand for any potential second team.
USL, of course, also includes the PDL and Super Y League as part of the overarching organization. I'm wondering if there is a similar smoke-to-fire trend brewing between PDL and USL teams as there seems to be between USL and MLS organizations. If so, is that a deliberate correlation or has that just come about naturally? Where does the USL's Super Y League feature in the equation of building out the United Soccer League into a truly national league?
Both the PDL and Super Y League will continue to have relevance in the USL development pyramid.
The PDL featured 67 teams within four conferences throughout the United States and Canada in 2016, including 10 teams affiliated with USL or Major League Soccer clubs. The PDL has proven to be an important stepping-stone for top professionals now playing throughout the world, with 70 percent of all MLS draftees having PDL experience. Nearly 300 former PDL players competed during the 2016 USL season.
Introduced in 2016, the Super Y League's USL Experience, an event unlike any other elite youth player program in North America, starts in the regular season. Players will then participate in Regional Scouting Series Events before being named to the SYL National Player Pool. The top players from the National Player Pool will then be chosen to take part in the USL Experience. The second edition of the elite multi-day residential event will be hosted by San Antonio FC in April of 2017.
I would be interested to hear your thoughts about California and USL overall. There are already three teams here, but it's a highly populated, soccer crazy state. And it's a state that produces a lot of elite and professional players. USL is a continental league, but I wonder what special role California specifically plays in the future of the league, whether as fans, players, or something else.
California is a hub for premier soccer in America. The size of the state, its demographic composition and diversity provide a solid foundation and growth opportunity for owners and fans alike. It's an added bonus that the USL harbors three teams in the Golden State. We are fortunate that this part of the country is so passionate about soccer and firmly believe that it will help expand and grow the game in all facets nationwide. Many great players, coaches and teams from youth, collegiate to the professional levels have come from California. We built our Western division first through anchor club Orange County Blues. That growth has spread north and we have had tremendous success in Sacramento. We are in discussions now with some very impressive ownership groups in several key California markets so expect to see a little more expansion in the state over the next few seasons.
Code Virtualizer is a software protection solution using heavy obfuscation. Citing the author's website [5]:
Code Virtualizer is a powerful code-obfuscation system that helps developers protect their sensitive code areas against Reverse Engineering while requiring minimum system resources.
Code Virtualizer can generate multiple types of virtual machines with a different instruction set for each one. This means that a specific block of Intel x86 instructions can be converted into different instruction set for each machine, preventing an attacker from recognizing any generated virtual opcode after the transformation from x86 instructions.
This post describes DeCV — a decompiler for Code Virtualizer.
DeCV
This is a high-level description. For a detailed discussion of CV internals see “Inside Code Virtualizer” by scherzo [6].
CV obfuscates the original x86 code by translating it to a custom stack oriented language [1]. CVL (CV's language) has around 150 instructions but a lot of them are byte/word/dword variants of the same operation.
For example, consider this simple x86 code:
xor eax, 1111h
Its equivalent in CVL is:
load ptr eax
store addr
load dword [addr]
load dword 0x1111L
xor dword
store dword eflags
load ptr eax
store addr
store dword [addr]
To emulate x86 registers, CVL uses a table. Each dword in this table corresponds to one x86 register, so ‘load ptr <reg>‘ places a pointer to a variable holding <reg's> value on the stack.
‘store addr‘ pops a value from the stack and places in a ‘built in' variable called ‘addr'.
‘load dword [addr]‘ pushes a dword pointed by ‘addr' on the stack.
The cumulative effect of the three instructions above is to push the value of eax on the stack.
Let's emulate the rest of the code:
Instruction | Stack ---------------------------- load dword 0x1111 | eax xor dword | eax, 0x1111 store dword eflags | eax ^ 0x1111, new_flags load ptr eax | eax ^ 0x1111 store addr | eax ^ 0x1111, ptr eax store dword [addr] | eax ^ 0x1111 -- | -
Notice that ‘xor' pushes two values on the stack: the xor's result and the new value of EFLAGS register.
In order to recover the original x86 code, it's sufficient to emulate CVL's execution using symbolic registers instead of concrete values and emit x86 assembly on instructions like ‘store dword [addr]'. For example, if ‘addr' equals ‘eax' and there is ‘eax XOR ebx' on top of the stack, the instruction to emit is ‘xor eax, ebx'. This is tree munching is disguise btw 🙂 [2].
DeCV does not implement full x86 recovery. I included an example of how this should be implemented, if anyone is interested — recover_x86.py reads a short CVL snippet and translates it back to assembly using the method described above.
CVL -> x86 translation is the easiest part of the CV puzzle, the real problem is to extract the CVL given just an obfuscated binary.
Deobfuscation
Each protected binary contains a virtual machine capable of executing a CVL program ‘compiled' to bytecode. The interpreter doesn't differ from other virtual machines:
dispatch: ;(deobfuscated and simplified version)
lodsb
movzx eax, al
jmp dword ptr [edi+eax*4]
‘esi' points to the bytecode, ‘edi' points to a table of handlers for different virtual instructions. For example, the ‘load ptr <reg>' instruction is implemented as:
lodsb
movzx eax, al
lea eax, [edi+eax*4]
push eax
Byte pointed by ‘esi' is the register's offset in the register structure pointed by ‘edi'.
The decompilation process seems obvious — just take the bytecode, analyze which handlers are executed, get the CVL and then translate it back to x86. This indeed works, assuming we can tell which handlers implement which CVL instructions. There are two problems:
– all handlers are obfuscated to the point where it's not possible to identify their semantics,
– handlers' parameters and the bytecode itself are encrypted with a dynamic key (ebx), so even after all handlers are identified, their parameters are still unknown.
In order to deobfuscate handlers, DeCV performs a set of compiler optimizations on them, like constant propagation and folding, dead code elimination, peephole optimizations, etc. When the handler's implementation stops changing (a fixpoint is reached), we can compare it to a set of original handlers extracted from the CV protector binary. Finding a match is equivalent to identifying the CVL instruction implemented by a handler. This is the same method as described in [3]. In [4] Rolf applies compiler opts during a different stage (CVL->x86).
There's one problem with this approach that isn't mentioned anywhere — CV can obfuscate the handlers' control flow, by inserting random conditional jumps in its body. Fortunately, this obfuscation isn't very complex — there's only one correct path through the handler and it doesn't change between executions. This means that the conditions tested during branching do not depend on variables, but on constants (in other words, they evaluate to constants). It should be possible to simply emulate all code up to the branch point to decide which path should be taken. It turns out it's not that simple. Consider this code:
xor eax, ebx
xor ebx, eax
xor eax, ebx
or the xor-swap trick. The above sequence is equivalent to ‘xchg eax, ebx'.
My first attempt at emulation was to have three types of values: symbolic registers, concrete constants and unknowns. The above sequence is problematic, because if eax=const, ebx=unknown, then eax turns into an unknown after the first xor and there's no way to recover it. Notice that we can't just set all registers to concrete values at the beginning, because then we would miss real conditional jumps (there are handlers that have ‘real' branches in them) and we need to identify branches that really do depend conditionally on input.
DeCV solves this problem by applying optimizations to code before a branch and then emulating the result. This way all nasty corner cases like the swap trick are removed and it's possible to compute the conditions (by simple emulation) and decide jumps. After all fake branches are removed, the deobfuscation process can proceed like in the branchless case. Note that only a single path in the control flow graph should be followed — it's not necessary to deobfuscate all of the CFG nodes.
With all handlers deobfuscated it's easy to extract their parameter decryption procedures. Every handler that requires a parameter decrypts it using a unique function consisting of a combination of add/sub/xor instructions. After collecting all of these decryption functions it's possible to decrypt the whole CVL program and all parameters used by handlers. Having all of this information is equal to decompiling the obfuscated CVL program.
Usage notes
DeCV will automatically perform all tasks including:
– locating the handlers table,
– locating the main dispatcher,
– collecting the handlers' bodies split with unconditional jumps.
The decompilation takes few seconds max., depending on how complicated the VM is. The output is printed in IDA's output window. DeCV was tested with IDA 6.2 and IDAPython 1.5.3. Example output:
vms found: 1
0x40740e
vm: 0
0x00000000 000[07] load ptr eflags
0x00000002 001 store addr
0x00000003 018 store dword [addr]
(…)
0x40740e is the VM's entry point. First column is the instructions offset (in bytecode), second is the handler's id (see clean_handlers dir), values in brackets (like [07]) are parameters.
DeCV was well tested on small, synthetic binaries protected with Code Virtualizer 1.3.8.
There are some bugs in IDA that might require manual intervention during the deobfuscation process — see the README.
Sources on github. Typical decompilation output on pastebin.
References
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack-oriented_programming_language
2. http://www.eng.utah.edu/~cs5470/schedule/Lec21.pdf
3. http://www.woodmann.com/forum/entry.php?115-Fighting-Oreans-VM-(code-virtualizer-flavour)
4. http://static.usenix.org/event/woot09/tech/full_papers/rolles.pdf
5. http://oreans.com/codevirtualizer.php
6. http://tuts4you.com/download.php?view.2640
Advertisements
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.'s business in North America boomed last year, bringing in more than $450 million in profits a year ahead of schedule.
But those stellar results here couldn't offset weakness in Europe where currency crises in several countries have sapped consumer confidence - pushing down sales of replacement tires and new cars that also sport new tires.
"I'm proud of our progress in [Goodyear's North American tire business] whose turnaround is comparable to any in the auto industry," Goodyear Chairman and Chief Executive Richard Kramer said during a conference call with analysts and reporters Tuesday.
"In 2009, this business lost more than $300 million. In 2012, we delivered record earnings," he added.
Still, those sales in North America couldn't overcome big declines in Europe. Because of losses there, Akron-based Goodyear's global earnings fell 38 percent last year to $212 million. Kramer said things there aren't getting any better, so the company has lowered its earnings expectations for 2013.
"During the fourth quarter, it became increasingly clear that the effects of the European economic crisis will be felt for an extended period of time," Kramer said. "Though recently there has been some stabilization, we believe there has yet to be a comprehensive and lasting solution."
Goodyear isn't alone in its concerns over Europe. Last month, Ford announced it lost nearly $1.8 billion there last year and could lose $2 billion there this year. General Motors reports earnings on Thursday, and that company has warned that its European losses will be large as well.
Kramer said Goodyear hopes to turn around its European business the same way it returned North America to profitability - focus on expensive high-end tires, close plants to improve efficiency and grow sales in key markets.
The company plans to close a French tire plant this year, but it won't see the economic benefits of that until 2014, Kramer said.
"The passenger tires produced in this plant are low-value tires," Kramer said.
In this region, Goodyear's focus on higher-end tires has meant rising prices for its products but lower sales. In North America last year, it sold about 63 million tires last year for an average of $154 per tire. In 2012, it sold 66 million tires for an average of $149.
Though not a cost-cutting measure, Kramer also wants to pre-fund much of the company's pension obligations to get those volatile expenses off of its balance sheet. Pension funding requirements fluctuate with interest rates, and with rates at record lows, many pensions are under-funded.
Kramer said Goodyear has already frozen pensions for salaried workers, giving those employees 401(k) stock savings plans instead. Those plans make up about $1 billion of Goodyear's $2.7 billion in under-funded pensions.
"We should take the step of freezing in our other plans as well," Kramer said, referring to pensions paid to United Steelworkers members and other union-represented plants. "Obviously that'll require discussions with our workforce and you have some additional steps that will take some time so that hasn't happened yet. We're obviously anxious to do that as quickly as possible."
Goodyear's contract with the USW expires this year. In 2009, winning pension increases was a major bargaining point for the union, so the issue could face some resistance during talks later this year.
The tire company's numbers were a bit better than Wall Street had been expecting, but the lowered outlook in Europe pushed its stock down a bit Tuesday. Shares closed at $13.86, down 5 cents.
Chow mein (and , simplified Chinese: 炒面; traditional Chinese: 炒麪)[1] are Chinese stir-fried noodles, the name being the romanization of the Taishanese chāu-mèing.[2][better source needed] The dish is popular throughout the Chinese diaspora and appears on the menus of most Chinese restaurants.[3] It is particularly popular in India,[4] Nepal,[5] the UK[6] and the US.[7]
Etymology [ edit ]
The words chow mein mean 'stir-fried noodles', chow meaning 'stir-fried' (or "sautéed") and mein meaning 'noodles'. The pronunciation chow mein is an English corruption of the Taishanese pronunciation chāu-mèing. The lightly pronounced Taishanese [ŋ], resembling the end of a Portuguese nasal vowel, was taken to be /n/ by English speakers.[citation needed] The Taishan dialect was spoken by migrants to North America from Taishan.
Regional cuisine [ edit ]
American Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Chicken cube chow mein
Soy sauce chow mein
In American Chinese cuisine, it is a stir-fried dish consisting of noodles, meat (chicken being most common but pork, beef, shrimp or tofu sometimes being substituted), onions and celery. It is often served as a specific dish at westernized Chinese restaurants. Vegetarian or vegan Chow Mein is also common.
There are two main kinds of chow meins available on the market:
Steamed chow mein, and Crispy chow mein, also known as Hong Kong style chow mein (see below).
The steamed chow mein has a softer texture, while the latter is crisper and drier. Crispy chow mein uses fried, flat noodles, while soft chow mein uses long, rounded noodles.[8]
Crispy chow mein has either onions and celery in the finished dish or is served "strained", without any vegetables. Steamed chow mein can have many different kinds of vegetables in the finished dish, most commonly including onions and celery but sometimes carrots, cabbage and mung bean sprouts as well. Crispy chow mein is usually topped with a thick brown sauce, while steamed chow mein is mixed with soy sauce before being served.[9]
There is a regional difference in the US between the East and West Coast use of the term "chow mein". On the East Coast, "chow mein" is always the crispy or "Hong Kong style".[10] At some restaurants located in those areas, the crispy chow mein noodles are sometimes deep fried[11] and could be crispy "like the ones in cans"[12] or "fried as crisp as hash browns".[13] At a few East Coast locations, "chow mein" is also served over rice.[14] There, the steamed style using soft noodles is a separate dish called "lo mein". On the West Coast, "chow mein" is always the steamed style; the crispy style is simply called "Hong Kong style" and the term "lo mein" is not widely used.[8][9]
The crispy version of chow mein can also be served in a hamburger-style bun as a chow mein sandwich.[9]
There are also variations on how either one of the two main types of chow mein can be prepared as a dish. When ordering "chow mein" in some restaurants in Chicago, a diner might receive "chop suey poured over crunchy fried noodles".[15] In Philadelphia, Americanized chow mein tends to be similar to chop suey but has crispy fried noodles on the side and includes lots of celery and bean sprouts and is sometimes accompanied with fried rice.[16] Jeremy Iggers of the Star Tribune describes Minnesota-style chow mein as "a green slurry of celery and ground pork topped with ribbons of gray processed chicken".[17] Bay Area journalist William Wong made a similar comment about what is sold as chow mein in places like Minnesota.[18] A published recipe for Minnesota-style chow mein includes generous portions of celery and bean sprouts.[19][20] Another Minnesotan variant includes ground beef and cream of mushroom soup.[21]
Food historians and cultural anthropologists have noted that chow mein and other dishes served in Chinese American restaurants located away from areas without any significant Asian American population tend to be very different from what is served in China and are heavily modified to fit the taste preference of the local dominant population.[22][23] As an example, the chow mein gravy favored in the Fall River area more closely resembles that used in local New England cooking than that used in traditional Chinese cooking. The founder of the food manufacturer Chun King and the creator of canned chow mein admits of using Italian spices to make his product more acceptable to Americans whose ancestors came from Europe.[24]
Chow mein is mentioned as early as 1920, in the novel Main Street by Sinclair Lewis.[25][26]
It is frequently confused with chop suey; a dish incorrectly labeled as chow mein was sometimes served in American restaurants, drug store soda fountains,[27] school cafeterias,[28] senior citizens facilities,[29] and military bases chow halls.[30] In many of these cases, this particular dish was served over rice and did not include noodles.[27][28][29]
In 1946, one of the first companies to market "chow mein" in a can was Chun King.[31] The product's creator was Jeno Paulucci, the son of Italian immigrants, who developed a recipe based mostly upon Italian spices that would be better catered to the food preferences of European immigrants and some Americans of similar ethnic origins.[24][32][33][34] To keep cost down, Paulucci ingeniously substituted expensive water chestnuts with lower cost celery stalks that were originally destined for cattle feed.[32] Paulucci's company became so successful selling canned chow mein and chop suey that President Gerald Ford quipped "What could be more American than a business built on a good Italian recipe for chop suey?" when praising Paulucci accomplishments with Chun King.[24][35] After Paulucci sold Chun King in 1966, the company would be sold several more times more until it was dissolved in 1995.[36]
By 1960, Paulucci described in The New York Times that "At Chun King we have turned out a 'stew-type' chow mein. I'd guess this type has been around for thirty - maybe forty - years. To make it, all the meat, seasonings and vegetables are dumped into a kettle and stewed for hours - until everything is cooked."[37] At the time of the interview, "sales from restaurants 'to take home' are almost three times as great as in the food markets". Paulucci wanted to increase market share by using more effective advertising.
Australian Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Traditional chow mein is made with egg noodles which are boiled then strained and left to dry.[citation needed] They are then stir fried and finally left to sit at the bottom of the wok and pressed down, this crisps the noodles at the edges and underside. Chow mein is made with either seafood, often just prawns, chicken, beef or barbecued pork. Restaurants will serve a combination chow mein or a single type. Chicken and beef are often softened with a little bicarbonate of soda. The sauce is made from garlic, rice wine, light stock, MSG, salt and corn flour. Vegetables are usually one green such as bok choy or choy sum plus a little chopped carrot, but also other green vegetables are acceptable. This stir fry is poured onto the noodles. Chow mein is unique as its noodles are both soft in part but also crispy.
Brazilian Japanese cuisine [ edit ]
Chow mein was brought to Brazil by Japanese immigrants and is thus referred as yakisoba ( Portuguese pronunciation: [jakiˈsoβɐ] or [jakisoˈba]). It fits Brazilian tastes rather than Japanese ones though, and is thus more similar to the North American versions of chow mein.
Pastelarias and Asian restaurants serve it in the entire country. They generally are presented in chicken (the most common), beef, shrimp and pork versions, with vegetarian and egg versions being much rarer. Brazilian yakisoba is typically served much more al dente than the Japanese, being also heavy in soy sauce, sesame oil, and vegetables, almost always including at least carrot, cabbage, onion and at least one dark green species (usually other than kale, collard, spinach, chicory or mustard) such as Chinese cabbage, and less often either bean sprouts, broccoli/broccolini, zucchini, shiitake, bell pepper and/or cucumber.
Also popular is yakibifum ( [jakibiˈfũ], from Japanese yakibīfun), its equivalent that uses rice vermicelli instead of wheat noodles. Brazilian spring rolls' (rolinhos-primavera or harumakis) fillings generally use the same ingredients of the stir-fried noodles in the restaurants or fast-food chains they are found, though spring rolls may have cheese, usually white (such as catupiry or other kinds of requeijão, or queijo minas), or tofu instead of meat, uncommon for the noodles. All of them, but most often and especially spring rolls, may be served with bright red molho agridoce (sweet-sour sauce), that combines ketchup, vinegar, sugar, star anise and other spices.
Canadian Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Canadian westernized Chinese restaurants may offer up to three different types of chow mein, none of which is identical to either of the two types of American chow mein. Cantonese style chow mein contains deep-fried crunchy golden egg noodles, green peppers, pea pods, bok choy, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, shrimp, Chinese roast pork (char siu), chicken, and beef, and is served in a thick sauce. Plain chow mein is similar to other Western chow meins but contains far more mung bean sprouts; some regional recipes may substitute bean sprouts for noodles completely. In Canada, Hong Kong style chow mein is similar to plain chow mein but is always served on a bed of deep-fried crunchy golden egg noodles. The Japanese Canadian community also have their own version of chow mein that might include dried seaweed and pickle ginger and could be served in a bun.[38][39]
Caribbean Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Many West Indian people include chow mein in their cuisine, especially peoples from islands like Trinidad and Tobago[40][41] and Jamaica which include a significant ethnic Chinese population; much of the cooking has infused itself into the population in general. As well, in the South American countries Guyana and Suriname[citation needed] the culture and cuisine is similar to the Caribbean's.[42][43] These chow mein dishes are cooked in a similar manner, with green beans, carrots, peas, onions and sometimes other vegetables. Meat used is mostly chicken and sometimes pork and/or shrimp. The main difference is that local spices are added, and the dish is often served with hot Scotch bonnet peppers and/or pepper sauce.
In Cuba, aside from the foreign owned tourist hotels which often serve Western-style Chinese food, local Chinese restaurants can be found in Havana that offer a distinct Cuban style.
In Panama, chow mein is prepared with a mixture of shredded carrots and cabbage with pork or chicken and served over noodles. Another recipe includes canned corn.[44]
Indian Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Bangladeshi-style chow mein
Chow mein is also common in Indian Chinese, Bangladeshi Chinese, and Pakistani Chinese cuisine. In India, it was introduced by the Chinese of Calcutta. It is usually offered Hakka or with gravy. Catering to vegetarian diets, there is an Indian variant, vegetable chow mein, which consists of noodles with cabbage, bamboo shoots, pea pods, green peppers, and carrots. In the New Delhi area, chow mein can sometimes include paneer with the mixture of noodles and vegetables. Another non-meat Indian variant includes scrambled egg as a protein source.[45][46] Kolkata has its own variant that is called Calcutta Chow Mein or Calcutta Chowmin that also includes green chilli, chilli garlic, or hot garlic.[47]
Mexican Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Chow mein has gained popularity in Mexico,[citation needed] which received waves of Chinese immigrants in the past, particularly in northwestern Mexico. Mexicali, a city in Baja California, is known for its distinct style of chow mein, which typically use Mexican ingredients as substitutes for traditional Chinese ones, an adaption that was made by Chinese immigrants settling the area.[48][not in citation given][original research?]
Nepalese Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Nepalese-style hot chicken chow mein
Tibetans who settled in Nepal brought chow mein with them. It is popular fast food in Nepal.[citation needed] The Newari people of the Kathmandu Valley use water buffalo meat and chicken in their cuisine, and chow mein in Nepal is often cooked with onion, vegetables and buff (water buffalo meat).[citation needed]
Peruvian Chinese cuisine [ edit ]
Peruvian Tallarin Saltado
Chinese food (Chifa) is very popular in Peru and is now a part of mainstream Peruvian culture. Chow mein is known to Peruvians as Tallarín salteado and may contain peppers, onions, green onions, and tomatoes.[49]
See also [ edit ]
Eighteen-year-old Sahar Vardi is currently in an Israeli military prison. She is being punished for the crime of refusing to be conscripted into the Israeli military.
A few weeks before her imprisonment she wrote Israel's Minister of Defense, Ehud Barak, explaining her decision to become a conscientious objector. I have been to the occupied Palestinian territories many times, and even though I realize that the soldier at the checkpoint is not responsible for Israel's oppressive policies, that soldier is still responsible for his conduct  She summed up her letter to Barak with the following words: The bloody cycle in which I live  made up of assassinations, terrorist attacks, bombings, and shootings  has resulted in an increasing number of victims on both sides. It is a vicious circle that is sustained by the choice of both sides to engage in violence. I refuse to take part in this choice.
While Vardi is the first woman to be imprisoned this year, she is part of a broader movement of Shministim , high-school seniors who refuse to be conscripted due to the military's oppression of the Palestinians. Two other conscientious objectors, Udi Nir and Avichai Vaknin, were imprisoned earlier this month and a few others are likely to follow suit.
Like many other Shministim, Vardi's conscientious objection is also rooted in a wider pacifist position, which explains why she refused to wear a military uniform once imprisoned. The prison authorities are not sympathetic to such acts of defiance and immediately placed her in the isolation ward, which, according to existing reports, is a site of abuse.
Vardi is in prison because the military conscientious committee did not accept her appeal. In early March 2008, Vardi testified in front of the committee, recounting her years of activism against the West Bank separation barrier and the dispossession of Palestinians in East Jerusalem and the South Hebron hills. She explained to the committee members  made up of officers as well as civilians  that as a pacifist her conscience prevented her from being part of an occupying power. She added that instead of serving in the military she was willing to carry out two years of civil service in Israel and had already secured a position with the Tel-Aviv based rights group Physicians for Human Rights.
Converting military service into civil service is common practice among Israeli women; in fact, it has become routine among religious women. Vardi's appeal was, accordingly, not exceptional or strange.
The appeal, however, was rejected, because, in the military committee's opinion, it was based on political convictions rather than a sincere conscientious belief. This spurious separation between politics and conscientious principles was originally formulated by Israel's two court philosophers, professor Asa Kasher from Tel-Aviv University and professor Avi Sagi from Bar Ilan University. These moral philosophers (Kasher is also one of the authors of the Israeli military Code of Conduct which among other things provides moral grounds for assassinations [pdf] ), have spent much of their time arguing that people who refuse to serve in the military due to its colonial and repressive actions and policies are doing so in order to advance a specific political agenda and not due to conscience. According to Kasher and Sagi, conscientious objection is, by definition, divorced from politics; therefore anyone who refuses to serve in the military because he or she wants to end Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories (a political position) simply cannot be a conscientious objector.
The military was, of course, delighted to adopt the philosophers' distinction and has repeatedly used it to reject the appeals of conscientious objectors like Vardi and to put them behind bars. On the day of her imprisonment Vardi told her father that she would not bow down to the powers that be regardless of how the military presents her case. The occupation is cruel, she said, and my conscience will simply not allow me take part in the oppression of another people.
While she has yet to study moral philosophy, eighteen year-old Sahar Vardi understands something basic that Kasher, Sagi and their cronies are determined to elide: conscientious concern for one's country and neighbors is intricately tied to action. As Joseph Raz from Balliol College, Oxford, points out, there is no doubt that [conscientious objection] covers the case of military service, for calling on people to be ready to kill when ordered, or calling on them to engage in activities which perpetrate an occupation with the subjugation of people to the indignities and humiliation which occupations involve are clear cases where the right applies. It is, after all, the duty of respect for human beings, perhaps the most fundamental of all moral duties, which serves the guiding principle for the Israeli refuseniks. It is also the foundation of the right to conscientious objection.
Read more by Neve Gordon
Story highlights A 48-year-old man storms his ex-girlfriend's house in Kamloops, the police say
The man told hostage negotiators he was distraught over the break-up two years ago
Police say the man "wired explosives" to his body and van
Authorities heard two explosions inside the house after the man released the woman
A British Columbia man who held authorities at bay for more than six hours after allegedly strapping explosives to his body is presumed dead after the house he was holed up in exploded, Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Friday.
The 48-year-old man, who was not immediately identified, is accused of storming his ex-girlfriend's home in the town of Kamloops, northeast of Vancouver, and taking her hostage, according to an incident report released by authorities.
The man told police he had explosives strapped to his body and to the gas tank of his van.
"The suspect, who is an electrician by trade, provided specific details to the negotiator regarding how the explosives were wired and how he would be able to detonate the devices remotely," the report said.
The incident began Thursday night when the man forced his way into the house and fired a shot into the ceiling, ordering the woman's four children and her new boyfriend out of the house, the report said. He then held the woman hostage at gunpoint, it said.
"Negotiators learned that the man was still distraught over the break-up with his former girlfriend two years earlier," the report said.
Authorities evacuated 15 houses in the neighborhood, police said.
Shortly after midnight, hostage negotiators persuaded the man to release his ex-girlfriend, whose identity was not released.
"The man continued to speak with the negotiator. But 10 minutes after the woman had been released, the telephone line went silent," the report said.
"Officers on the scene heard two rapid explosions erupt from within the house and a smoke detector alarm was set off."
A third, larger explosion followed, rattling houses in the neighborhood, police said.
While firefighters attempted to battle the house fire, members of the bomb squad found another bomb in the man's van.
"In the back, they could see a 5-gallon gas can and a 20 lb. propane cylinder," police said.
Once firefighters got the fire under control, the bomb squad used a small, remote-controlled robot to "neutralize" the bomb, the report said.
"Investigators will start the arduous task of sifting through the rubble looking for the remains of the suspect and other evidence related to the explosions from within the house," the report said.
Neighbor Vern Reynolds, 79, told CNN affiliate CTV the first indication there was something wrong at the house was the sound of a gunshot. That was followed by the arrival of more than a dozen police cars.
"Shocking, shocking, shocking. That's what it is," Reynolds said Friday afternoon. "This is just disbelief, disbelief."
Another neighbor Simon Harry said the four children took refuge in his home in the cul-de-sac while authorities negotiated for their mother's release.
"I just can't believe something like that was actually happening," he told CTV.
Police transferred all 23 female inmates out of the Jackson County Regional Correctional Center amid allegations that two detainees were sexually assaulted, and the county on Monday hired former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves to investigate.
No female inmates will return until the county addresses the problems that endangered the women, said Kansas City Manager Troy Schulte, who called for an immediate investigation into allegations that a woman was raped by three men and another was sexually assaulted. It was unclear whether the men were guards or inmates. One victim told police that guards raped her, but Jackson County officials said Sunday the men were not employees.
The allegations, which first surfaced publicly Sunday but among officials on Friday, shocked city and county officials. The city pays Jackson County more than $5 million a year to house municipal code violators at the correctional center.
“I am very, very upset,” said Crystal Williams, chairwoman of the Jackson County Legislature.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
Kansas City Mayor Sly James and County Executive Frank White expressed shock in a joint statement Monday announcing the hiring of Graves to “conduct an independent and thorough investigation.
“We are both shocked and deeply troubled to learn of the recently alleged assaults at the Regional Correctional Center,” they said. “Those responsible will be held accountable, and all other necessary changes will be made swiftly. … However, those efforts will not be effective as long as misuses of power continue to exist.”
No arrests have been made, and Kansas City police continued their investigation of the assault allegations Monday.
“We are alarmed at this incident and concerned about the safety of city inmates and detainees held in the Jackson County jail,” Schulte said. “Additionally, the city is already working with the county to quickly address operational issues.”
Twelve female inmates were moved to the Platte County jail Saturday evening. Seven others had their signature bonds issued immediately so that they could be released, and two were released early, Schulte said. The two victims were being treated at a hospital.
Jackson County officials said they have conducted an internal review of the incident. One Jackson County legislator said some internal procedures were not followed.
“There was somebody not in a cell that should have been in a cell and had access to other cells, and I don't know how that could happen,” said Legislator Dan Tarwater.
At Monday's meeting of the County Legislature, Jackson County Department of Corrections Director Joe Piccinini said he learned of the incident Friday and police were called.
“We take this very seriously,” he said. “We are working diligently with law enforcement.”
He and other staffers told legislators they were unable to provide any details about what happened because they have no direct knowledge of the police investigation and are not far enough along on their own.
And County Counselor W. Stephen Nixon stressed the possibility of lawsuits being filed against the county. Later, he and legislators left the legislative chambers for a private meeting to discuss the county's potential exposure.
“We don't know what all the facts are,” Nixon said during the open session. “We don't know exactly where this one ends up.”
County Executive White was not at the meeting because of a previous engagement and was represented by his chief of staff, Caleb Clifford, who said he and others had been working through the weekend to get a handle on what happened at the jail.
On Sunday, Jackson County officials released a written statement that said they were notified Friday about the allegations. They said that while no staff member had been accused of engaging in sexual contact with inmates, a staff member had been suspended without pay for potentially violating policies and procedures.
The Kansas City police report said an inmate told a police investigator that she was raped by three guards. The surveillance video of the time of the accusation showed three male inmates moving freely in the hallway between their cells and the victims' cells. The victims' cells were not fully on camera.
A second victim told police that a man, whom she believed to be a guard, entered her cell, kissed her and then grabbed and fondled her. The woman said she pushed the man off of her. The man became aggressive and continued to fondle the inmate.
The woman said she then heard a door open and someone whistles, and then the man ran out of her cell.
The first victim reported the rape to a case manager Friday evening. Just over a half-hour later, police arrived to investigate. They found that earlier in the day — not knowing a crime had occurred — corrections officers had “bio-cleansed” the cell of the first victim. The corrections officers reported finding the woman in her cell with ripped clothing and feces spread all over the cell, according to the police report.
The victim's clothing was reportedly destroyed, and investigators were uncertain whether her underwear was changed and if she had showered.
The victim was taken to a nearby hospital for an examination.
Jackson County runs the Regional Correctional Center, a jail that houses adults with Kansas City municipal violations. Its average daily population last year was 139 inmates.
It holds far fewer inmates than its next door neighbor, the Jackson County Detention Center, which last year held an average of 780 adults a day on state charges. The Detention Center has been the target of an FBI investigation into physical abuse of inmates.
Graves, who served as U.S. attorney for the Western District of Missouri from 2001 through 2006, conducted an independent investigation in 2011 into how the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph handled sex-crime allegations. He has a private law practice in Kansas City.
The Just-Say-No-to-Sulfates movement has further caught fire among patrons of salon lines who liked results they saw from washing their hair less often and less vigorously. Two fan favorites are Pureology (which is under the L'Oréal umbrella) and DevaCurl from Devachan, the curly-hair-centric New York salons. Online, consumers trade lists of zero-sulfate shampoos that delivered for their dry, fragile or fine hair.
Photo
Last week Lorraine Massey, a founder of Devachan and a longtime antisulfate evangelist, challenged women at Cafemom.com to stop using traditional shampoos. (Seventy responded, so far.) “Sodium laurel sulfate is the archenemy of the universe,” she said without a hint of levity in an interview. She argues that her sulfate-free, suds-less No Poo cleanser, which has won over curly-haired clients since 2002, can benefit manes of any texture. “It allows your scalp to regulate, and your hair to become more what nature intended,” she said.
Devachan's competitor Christo, a Greek hairstylist with a Fifth Avenue salon that specializes in curls, says he thinks that there is little evidence that sulfates dry hair , and says that stylists who believe this are brainwashed. Still, this month, even he came out with a sulfate-free shampoo for use after his in-salon keratin straightening treatment. “Some chemicals in there don't do well with sulfates,” he explained, adding that he had clients who used regular shampoo post-treatment calling back weeks later to say their straightening never took.
Not everyone, though, takes issue with sulfates. When it comes to color fading, Perry Romanowski, a cosmetic chemist who used to work in product development for Alberto Culver , the maker of Tresemmé hair care, fingers a more common culprit. “Any time you expose hair color to water, hair swells up and some color can leak out,” he said. “But the shampoo that you use is not really going to pull color out appreciably more than anything else.”
Aveda, the ecologically friendly professional line, offers four sulfate-free shampoos, including one, Scalp Benefits, introduced in 1996 — but has never labeled them as such. “We don't call out, ‘Ohhh, sulfate free' because when we look at the benefits that are being proclaimed for sulfate free, the connection with dry hair, the connection with color stripping, we don't find that to be something connected to sulfate or nonsulfates,” said Pat Peterson, the vice president for product development. “You can't pinpoint one ingredient that's doing good or bad in your shampoo. It doesn't make sense.”
Mr. Romanowski, who writes for thebeautybrains.com, said there's a downside for mainstream cosmetics companies touting sulfate free. “If the rest of your entire line is based on sulfates, you're essentially undercutting all your other products with this advertising,” he said.
Jennifer Disomma, the director for product development for L'Oréal Paris, said, “We do know sulfate-free shampoos are gentler on the hair fiber.” Yet the company's Vive Pro line has shampoos that list sodium laureth sulfate as the second ingredient. Nine shampoos, in fact. In an e-mail, Ms. Disomma said, “Providing EverPure, EverStrong and VIVE Pro shampoos gives the consumer choices that meet her needs.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Sulfates are associated with harshness,” said Paul Schiraldi, the vice president for L'Oréal Paris's sister salon brand, L'Oréal Professionnel, which this month introduced two sulfate-free shampoos, for consumers who want less lather and a cleansing that feels “a little bit more gentle,” as he put it.
Photo
But Mr. Schiraldi insisted his division's dozen sulfate-containing shampoos won't leach dye from hair, either. “It's really a consumer preference rather than a defined difference on the care of the color,” he said.
There is some disagreement over whether sulfate-free options can offer the robust lather that many associate with the shampoo experience. L'Oréal Paris claims to have a breakthrough technology that allows for a formulation with zero sulfates, but copious suds. “We offer the luxurious sensory experience at a price acceptable to the masses,” said Nathalie Kristo, the senior vice president for marketing. Pureology, the color-care brand, offers seven zero-sulfate frothy shampoos.
Ms. Massey isn't buying it. “If it bubbles, there's no way it's sulfate free,” she said, adding that the EverPure commercial featuring Ms. Longoria Parker's sudsy mane outraged her. “She's washing her hair and there's all that lava, are you kidding me?” said Ms. Massey, whose latest “Curly Girl” book details her “no more shampoo” epiphany. “It's a load of rubbish!”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some critics of sulfate-free shampoos say that they don't properly clean the hair, leaving dull locks.
One mousy blond client whom Christo saw recently hadn't shampooed with sulfates in six months. “She was using a non-sulfate shampoo that just doesn't clean the hair well,” he said. She complained that a colorist at another salon had done a lackluster job. Christo promised to color-correct her hair, a service that can cost $500, but instead simply washed it with his clarifying, low-sulfate shampoo called the Aqualizer, and deep-conditioned it. (It didn't cost $500.)
According to Christo, the customer then squealed: “The color looks so good! It's worth every penny.”
To which the stylist replied, “Maybe you should shampoo every once in a while.”
A naked teen suspected of trying to steal a car and an airplane was Tasered and then arrested after charging officers Friday, police said.
A man was in his car on Airport Road near Tsunami Skydiving when a bleeding, naked 18-year-old man started banging on his windows about 7 a.m., Oceanside police Lt. Leonard Cosby said. The victim called police and said the man, who claimed he had a gun, was trying to get inside the vehicle.
Two officers arrived. The naked man reportedly clenched his fists and walked aggressively toward one of the officers who ordered the man to stop. He didn't, and the officer shot him with his Taser, Cosby said.
The man fell to the ground, but soon got up, ripped the Taser darts from his body and charged the officer who shot him, according to Cosby.
The officer and the man got into a fight, and the second officer soon intervened. Both officers struggled with the man, who was Tasered a second time. Officers eventually took him into custody, Cosby said.
Investigators determined the man had also forced his way into and broke a window at the Tsunami Skydivers building just north of state Route 78. He also tried to steal a plane from the nearby Oceanside Municipal Airport tarmac, Cosby said.
The Oceanside resident was arrested on suspicion of attempted carjacking, burglary, attempted theft of an airplane and resisting police officers with violence. He is being help on $75,000 bail.
Please pass to all RA Staff at RMAS – Ty
Adjutants, Thank you for supporting Officer Recruiting events this term and, specifically, for sending your Young Officers to host the RMAS Officer Cadets at next week's Expression of Interest Evening and Ex ARTY OBSERVER.
I am taking this opportunity to remind you of the importance of your subalterns presenting the correct image of the Royal Artillery at these events. The individual officers have already received their instructions which include specific details on dress; however, I do expect the regiments to take responsibility for ensuring that these instructions are adhered to.
Dress Guidance
Please find below some sartorial pointers for your Subalterns on hosting duties and indeed all your Officers (M&F) who may wish to consider the more general dress points found below:
(M)A good, clean well pressed suit with a Gunner Zigzag tie for the men and (F) suits with the Gunner brooch (worn on the left lapel) for the ladies.
Only the middle button of a 3 button (M) suit is fastened. It is a coat not a tunic. If your suit has a belt, so be it, but a slim elegant leather suit belt and not a Harley-Davidson Buckle Belt is to accompany it.
(M) Long socks that do not show your flaky, spindly hairy twiglet like shin and absolutely not a selection of ghastly cartoon characters. There is nothing evenly remotely funny about having Poundland crackers fight for your custom as your tailor.
Black (after 7 pm) brogue/Oxford type shoes, polished and in good repair or a good quality slip on loafer are fine, but anything resembling 4WD with a heavy tread and a big fat square toe won't do justice to your well cut suit…you wouldn't put ketchup on a Dover sole. As a rough rule of thumb, if your footwear is in anyway similar to that seen on a Balkan coffee shop waiter then Q4 applies.
The shirt must be pressed and if wearing a suit (or blazer) then it shouldn't have a pocket and MUST fit correctly at the neck. Pockets carry Cross pens as used by NASA scientists and whilst we are a technical/combat arm we aren't there yet. Black, red or other dark ‘Emo' colours are to be swiftly and safely consigned to the Camp Esperanca deep hole recycling facility.
Double cuff shirts are not mandatory; however, the quality of the shirt is the main factor. If you must wear a silvery/grey Gary Lineker number then make sure it is a really good one and wear it with confidence. If however, it looks like a nylon prop from the OPTAG dressing up box then recycle it (safely) and go traditional with a Jermyn Street number.
The tie should be correctly tied, close to the collar and checked regularly. The knot must not be a big fat Grange Hill special or be seen adorning the neck of a semi finalist on the Apprentice (M&F). The tie should just reach over the waist belt, not 6 inches above or below.
You are to be freshly shaved when attending any evening function and enough has been said about sideburns. Make up (F) should not be over excessive and most importantly, hair should be tidy and presentable. The whole ‘train crash survivor' clambering up the embankment look is unattractive and inelegant.
Oh yes, diving watches/laptop/GPS type watches furiously scrunched up against your shirt cuff look awful. Try and use a thin elegant dress watch – even Sekonda has some relatively pleasant ones. The same type of gShock watch is cracking for MTP but should not be worn with SD, black tie, or Mess Dress.
These are elements of dress guidance and they are not hard and fast, Edwardian or even particularly contemporary but they just set a rough line on where our YOs should be heading. We are a broad church and we should not exclusively ape the armed wing of Boden, Primark, Fat Face or New and Lingwood, but I am constantly amazed by what some think is acceptable dress. It is not just the quality but the untidy scruffy manner in which it is worn –this must sharpen up. I would rather discover a Gunner officer through his witty, polite and engaging conversation than clocking his cloning through his dress, but please disseminate this lick of polish onto our fantastic, brave and impressive cohort of young officers.
Whilst light hearted please pass on these tips – if in doubt follow TRHs Princes William and Harry for civilian clothing direction (all apart from that one off Nazi regalia incident).
AAP leader Somnath Bharti was taken into custody for trying to take out a rally without permission.
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Somnath Bharti, along with 27 party workers, was taken into custody today for allegedly trying to take out a rally without permission while demanding setting up of a Lokayukta in Tamil Nadu.The agitating AAP workers also allegedly burnt copies of the AIADMK manifesto in which it reportedly promised setting up of a Lokayukta, if voted to power in the May 2016 Assembly polls.Mr Bharti, in charge of Aam Aadmi Party's Tamil Nadu affairs, and 27 other party workers were taken into custody when they tried to take out a rally without permission, police said.Mr Bharti, who represents Malviya Nagar constituency in Delhi Assembly, was in Chennai to participate in an indefinite hunger strike undertaken by AAP's state convener Vasigaran. Meanwhile, Mr Vasigaran was shifted to a hospital for treatment after his health deteriorated following the hunger strike, police added.
With the Rugby Championship about to kick off, I have been casting my mind to which players I think could make a big impact for their countries during this edition of the tournament. Ladies, don't worry about losing your man's interest for the next two months – rugby is a sport for everyone, after all. Let him have his rugby – you have the players! These next 4 standouts have been nominated for their special talents both on and off the field.
Rugby Championship Players to Watch
Damian de Allende (South Africa)
One of the most exciting parts of any start to a tournament is the introduction of new talent. Damian de Allende will be making his RC debut for South Africa when the Boks take on Argentina at Loftus. De Allende has the advantage of being a bit of an unknown – trawl through Google and the best I could find was that Damian's favourite food is McDonald's. However, being the unknown quantity is something that can play in his favour. With Frans Steyn now deciding the Yen works better for him, de Allende has a great opportunity to cement himself as the regular centre pairing with Jean de Villiers by having a strong tournament.
Here's hoping he picks up a few Man of the Match gongs too, so we have the opportunity to gaze into those piercing blue eyes.
Sam Whitelock (New Zealand)
Did anyone notice how many lineout turnovers Sam Whitelock made during the Super Rugby semi-final against the Sharks? I don't know because I lost count. What wasn't lost on me, however, was how often he poached the opposition's ball at critical periods. Besides his 2.02m frame giving him the edge in the lineouts, it's his predatory instinct that really sets him apart from most tight forwards in the world. I would go as far as to say that he is the number 1 lock in the world – no easy feat considering that he will be competing against the likes of Juan Fernandez Lobbe and Eben Etzebeth in this year's RC.
He can also lay claim to being one of the best looking tight forwards in world rugby with that rugged cave-man look that make quite a few women – my friends included – a bit weak at the knees. I am picking Whitelock to once again be one of the standout stars of the tournament; he is already an integral cog in the All Blacks machine.
Israel Folau (Australia)
Israel Folau takes a term ‘triple threat' to a whole new level – and, no, I am not just referring to his powerfully built body, smouldering good looks and the ability to look stylish in just about anything he wears. Folau spent time in rugby league and AFL (Aussie Rules Football) before joining rugby union in 2012. Swapping between two codes isn't exactly easy (just ask Benji Marshall …), but to play THREE codes and be a success? That's Israel Folau for you. Forget that he could pass for a forward with his size and build, this fullback is more explosive from the back, creating and scoring tries at will almost. Couple that with his skill under the high ball and he is sure to be a marked man throughout the tournament.
The Wallabies are being talked up as genuine contenders for RC – especially after the Waratahs Super Rugby triumphs in Sydney just 2 weeks ago – and a lot will be riding on Folau's broad shoulders if they are to show their rivals that they are indeed a force to be reckoned with.
Juan Martin Hernandez (Argentina)
He could easily pass for one of those eye-catching models who pose in Calvin Klein underwear because of his seriously sexy Latino looks and butter couldn't melt in your mouth Spanish accent (and by the way he speaks fluent French too!). Luckily for us rugby fans, he turned his back on football in his teens and decided to pursue his passion for rugby instead. Think back to the 2007 World Cup when ‘JMH', or the ‘Magician' as he is also known, exploded on to the world stage and heralded his arrival in the most emphatic of fashions. Suddenly, he was being talked about in the same company as the premier tens of world rugby – the Carters, Giteaus and Wilkinsons – and not only because he knew how to kick the leather out of a rugby ball (see Dieux de Stade's 2005 Calendar for further information).
Unfortunately, lady luck has not been kind to JMH and since 2007 he has suffered a number of serious injuries that has derailed his progress. But don't count him out. I am a keen viewer of the French top 14 and I have seen enough glimpses of brilliance to know that the ‘magician' still resides within JMH. Expect him to have a strong – overdue – showing during this year's RC.
For the latest sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @planetchill. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
“Main Photo:”
Kaitlyn Moll of Powell, Ohio, calls Ohio residents in support of the Romney campaign from the Republican Party's Westerville Victory Center in Westerville, Ohio. Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan embarked on a bus tour through the state last week, underscoring the importance of Ohio and its 18 electoral votes.
Sept. 29, 2012 Kaitlyn Moll of Powell, Ohio, calls Ohio residents in support of the Romney campaign from the Republican Party's Westerville Victory Center in Westerville, Ohio. Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan embarked on a bus tour through the state last week, underscoring the importance of Ohio and its 18 electoral votes. Joel Prince/For The Washington Post
Campaign volunteers for President Obama and Mitt Romney are making phones calls and going door-to-door to help their nominee win the crucial swing state.
Campaign volunteers for President Obama and Mitt Romney are making phones calls and going door-to-door to help their nominee win the crucial swing state.
Campaign volunteers for President Obama and Mitt Romney are making phones calls and going door-to-door to help their nominee win the crucial swing state.
A federal appeals court on Friday sided with President Obama's reelection campaign and said that if Ohio allows military voters to cast ballots in the three days leading to Election Day, it must extend the same opportunity to all voters.
A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit said the state had not shown why voting during the Saturday-Sunday-Monday period should be offered to only one group of voters.
“While there is a compelling reason to provide more opportunities for military voters to cast their ballots, there is no corresponding satisfactory reason to prevent non-military voters from casting their ballots as well,” wrote Circuit Judge Eric L. Clay.
“The public interest . . . favors permitting as many qualified voters to vote as possible,” he added.
But the appeals court ruling could create some confusion. While all must be allowed if the three-day period is offered, the opinion said that decision could be up to individual Ohio counties.
View Graphic Explore the 2012 electoral map and view historical results and demographics
In-person early voting has started in Ohio and was scheduled to end for all but military voters on the Friday before the election.
Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted (R) said the state would announce Monday whether it intended to appeal the decision. It could ask the full appeals court to reverse the decision, with the Supreme Court as the last resort.
Ohio plays a pivotal role in the presidential election campaign, especially critical to Republican Mitt Romney's electoral-college strategy. Romney had portrayed the suit filed by Obama's campaign as an attempt to restrict the voting rights of those in the military.
But the Obama campaign said the suit was to make sure all had equal access. Studies have shown that higher percentages of poor, elderly and minority voters take advantage of early voting.
“Every voter, including military, veterans, and overseas voters alongside all Ohioans, will have the same opportunity,” Obama campaign General Counsel Bob Bauer said in a statement after the decision.
He tied it to other judicial decisions against new voting laws. “Ohio joins Wisconsin, Florida, New Hampshire, and Pennsylvania as states that turned back restrictions on voter access and limitations on voter participation,” Bauer said.
Ohio had offered two reasons for stopping early voting for the general public on the Friday before the election.
First, it said local election boards needed the weekend to prepare for Election Day. Second, it said military voters deserved special treatment because they could be deployed any time, causing them to miss the chance to vote.
The court found neither persuasive.
“The state has shown no evidence indicating how this election will be more onerous than the numerous other elections that have been successfully administered in Ohio since early voting was put into place in 2005,” Clay wrote.
Similarly, the court said, “any voter could be suddenly called away and prevented from voting on Election Day,” including police officers, firefighters and first-responders.
“There is no reason to provide these voters with fewer opportunities to vote than military voters,” Clay wrote.
He added it would be “worrisome” if states “were permitted to pick and choose among groups of similarly situated voters to dole out special voting privileges.”
Clay was nominated by President Bill Clinton, and was joined in the opinion in full by District Judge Joseph Hood, who was nominated by President George H.W. Bush. Circuit Judge Helene White, first nominated by Clinton and then by President George W. Bush in a deal with senators, agreed with the outcome but said she thought the state should get a chance to come up with a remedy for implementing the decision.
Luckily, Mr. X, Maven, Revan and CouRage joined us to help break things down and discuss prospects for the teams going into the Call of Duty World League Championship.
With 32 teams competing for $2 million and the title of World Champion, there's a lot of competition to look forward to at September's Call of Duty XP. Luckily, Mr. X, Maven, Revan and CouRage joined us to help break things down and discuss prospects for the teams going into the Call of Duty World League Championship.
Rise Nation
Stage 1 Regular Season: #2 / Playoffs: #2
Stage 2 Regular Season: #4 / Finals: #3
1st at UMG South Carolina 2016
World League Stats
The Interview
How is Rise Nation as an organization?
Clint “Maven” Evans
As an organization, Rise came around in Ghosts. They have a pretty decent history at Champs. They got a seventh place finish in Ghosts with Loony, Pacman, Whea7s…
Matt “Mr. X” Morello
They got seventh?
Maven
Lemme check…yep, seventh, Rise Nation.
I believe that was the first year. Overall as an organization it's been kind of impressive to see where the brand has gone considering they don't have the YouTuber type backing of an OpTic or a FaZe, and they just sort of came out of nowhere.
NFL player Roger Saffold [Rise Nation owner] got involved in eSports, a cool story there, but it's difficult. I don't think there's a very high success rate for people trying to get into eSports, especially with so many set-in-stone brands at the top. The fact that they've come in over the last couple of years, and that they're kind of a top team now, which wasn't really until this year.
John “Revan” Boble
They built themselves up from the bottom and now they're at the top.
Mr. X
They've started to go into other games now.
Maven
I think it's just a pretty cool story watching them grow over the past couple of years and now to be a top team. And one thing that's worth noting…when we came into this year, we all knew some of the changes that happened in the CWL…your TSMs, your Cloud9s, all those guys that haven't been involved in Call of Duty in the past coming in.
I think we all assumed that this would be the first team targeted by one of those big orgs and they were going to throw money at them. Because they won the first Black Ops III event, were looking strong, and we heard about these offers going out. We were sure they were going to go, and they stuck with Rise Nation. That speaks a lot to the organization at least from a management side, the fact that they stuck with them instead of going with a juggernaut like TSM. It shocked the hell out of me.
I just talked for like ten minutes, sorry.
Jack “CouRage” Dunlop
Yeah, I didn't listen to a word you said. This Rise Nation lineup, I remember when Black Ops III came out that they did a fresh restart on their team. They built back around I think it was Loony, where they brought him back in as captain and then said let's build a team. Build the team you want, and they did just that.
I think it's paid off, and we've always talked about how good their start was, but this is it. Are they going to be remembered just from the first couple events of Black Ops III, or are they going to…
Maven
I feel like they're the opposite story of FaZe. FaZe started out so slow and now they have the chance to redeem themselves at Champs and make the whole year worth it. Rise was so good at the start of the year kind of winning everything, and now it's starting to fall apart.
I'm curious. This team can do nothing or be in the finals.
Mr. X
I think they'll have a really strong performance. It seems like Octane was the one everybody was worried about, and he seems to be, I don't want to say back to where he was, but he's definitely locked in and he's definitely focused. You know Classic's putting in a ton of hours, same with Loony. Slacked has been playing incredible as of late. I expect him to be very good at XP.
Maven
Slacked is going to play big. I think the best tournament I saw for him was probably X Games of last year. He just shredded. They were playing for a gold medal with a lot of pressure there. Not the same as Champs, but still. I think from a prestige standpoint in Call of Duty, those are probably the two biggest.
Revan
You've got a lot of experience on this lineup. You have very solid players as well. They know what it takes to get the job done. I'd be shocked if they don't make a deep run at this event.
How are the individual players?
Mr. X
I guess the big question with this team coming in was, is Octane dedicated? That's where you saw some of the slippage come during the year, and I think he'd kind of back where he needs to be. Slacked, he's another player who I think he's actually gotten better as the year has gone on. As you've seen, Octane has kind of gotten, I don't want to say worse, I don't think anyone gets significantly worse. I just don't think he's put in the time. I think Slacked has definitely improved his play over the course of the year.
Loony for me is their most hit and miss guy. I think sometimes he shows up and has these monster series, and sometimes he's just not there. I think that's more to his playstyle…
Revan
It's just the nature of being aggressive.
Mr. X
Yeah, it's the nature of being mad aggressive. Some games he's going to get those timings and pick up easy kills, and some games he's not.
Classic for me, he can make the difference between getting top eight or winning the entire thing. I think he's that big of a difference.
Maven
They're kind of 50/50 as far as Champs history goes. You have Loony, seventh in Ghosts, eighth in AW, so two top eight finishes in the past two years. Classic, sixth in Ghosts and fourth in AW, so that's pretty damn impressive. And with Slacked and Octane it's their first time ever.
Mr. X
And Classic's performances were with teams that you did not expect them to do that well.
Maven
Well FaZe wasn't too much of a shocker in Ghosts, but Prophecy, I don't think anyone had Prophecy in fourth in AW.
Mr. X
That FaZe team in Ghosts? It was JKap and ProoFy, Replays…
Maven
Well they were still considered studs at that time. I mean Proof and Kap two years ago?
CouRage
All I know is, when I look at Rise Nation, I look at Octane. His career really started right after Champs last year. It wasn't at Champs. But then he placed top twelve I believe it was at UMG Orlando, which was at the beginning of the year.
Outside of that he's had one top twelve placing at UMG Dallas, and every other one has been top eight. He's had a couple wins, and maybe there have been some letdowns for him, but he's the one I've been watching. This is his first Champs, he's now on the biggest stage he's ever played on. It's the biggest stage for all these guys, so I need to see Octane do well. He's the x factor for me.
Revan
Yeah, I share the same sentiments as all these guys. We think back to when Rise won something like UMG South Carolina, and the performances that Octane put on the board carried the team throughout the majority of the tournament.
This is a guy that has the ability to take over games all by himself. Going back to those grand finals, he drops what was it, 40 kills on map one? We haven't seen him perform like that as of late, and yeah he's been a bit more dedicated, but he plays a much bigger role on this team than people realize.
Mr. X
I'm actually interested to see how they deal with…we talked about Loony and Classic's performances at Champs in the past, and teams probably overlooked those teams that they were on. I'm interested to see how they go through this tournament with a big target on them. Outside of OpTic Gaming and EnVy, I look at them as your favorite to win the entire thing. It's interesting how they'll deal with that as opposed to coasting under the radar.
What about their Champs group?
Maven
I think we can all agree Rise Nation was the biggest winner of the group play draw[Dt1] . If you look at the top half, groups A through D, they by far in North America have the easiest road to the final. For me, as far as them doing well in the group, it's solely going to come to those Search & Destroys, the only thing I've ever worried about them.
Mr. X
If they were to win their group, they would be on the same side of the bracket as Splyce, Ground Zero, Mindfreak, Infused, FaZe, OpTic and Cloud9.
Maven
Well they're definitely gifted as far as their group goes, but not as much if they have OpTic on their side of the bracket.
Revan
Yeah, I think we all expect Rise to take this group as you were pointing out. Kind of the one worry we have with this group specifically is going to be their Search & Destroy gameplay. HyperGames have a pretty good Search, and then maybe they find a way to steal a respawn, and you could realistically see HyperGames taking that series off Rise Nation. We've been pointing out the flaws in Rise's Search game all year long, so you've got to figure they're going to put a good amount of time in to prepare for that game mode specifically.
CouRage
I'll slap myself in the face if Rise Nation doesn't win this group.
Mr. X
If you asked me to bet my entire bank account, and I had to pick one team that was guaranteed to win their group, this would be the one.
What do they have to do to succeed?
Revan
For Rise to win, yes it's Search & Destroy, but also it's Uplink. At the very beginning of the game they were the Uplink team. That was the game mode where if they were down 0-2 in a series, they would win the Uplink and turn everything around in their favor. They were easily the best Uplink team at the beginning of the game.
Now that title has kind of fallen off. They're not as strong as they used to be in the game mode. Now they're starting to drop game after game, and if they're able to just get that dominant Uplink game back, I think that's going to help them a lot in this tournament.
Mr. X
For me it's Octane. If Octane comes out and plays how we've seen him play…they were talking earlier about how he played at UMG South Carolina. This is a team that can take the entire thing. I think they can kind of run through anybody with the players they have. I think Loony is that good as an aggressive SMG, and I think Classic and Slacked in slaying, if they get some good games with Octane…he's really the key player.
Maven
Octane doing well kind of opens things up for Loony.
Mr. X
It makes it easier for him.
Maven
That was the standout thing we saw when they matched up against your EnVys or your OpTics. If Loony's struggling, they're struggling. If you're going up against the best, especially if you're talking about them going up against OpTic Gaming, who's got the best sub in the game, you can't have a dud. And that's how the Stage 1 Final ended, first three games in a row.
For me it's just simply that they haven't really improved in Search, at least at all for me throughout the course of the year. And they have the players to do it. It doesn't really make sense to me why they haven't been able to take over in that particular game mode. But as far as the group goes, I don't see how they're going to be challenged at all really.
CouRage
This is simple. Rise are going to win this group.
Where do you think they'll place?
Maven
Top four.
Revan
Top three.
CouRage
Top four.
Mr. X
I think they'll get top four…or top six. Around that area.
Maven
It all depends on if the European teams shake things up.
Follow Us for More
Stay tuned as Mr. X, Maven, Revan and CouRage discuss more CWL Champs teams as we get closer to the Call of Duty World League Championship, starting September 1st.
For the latest updates on the Call of Duty World League, presented by PlayStation 4, stay tuned to CallofDuty.com/CWL and follow @CODWorldLeague on Twitter and Instagram.
Call of Duty XP Bracket Challenge
Think you know Call of Duty esports? Enter to win $25,000 in the Winners Bracket Challenge presented by GameStop. Correctly predict the Group Stage, Winners Bracket, and Grand Final outcomes to be entered to win.
You can restore the original location of a file that has been sent to the Trash very easily. This quite literally sends a file that is within the Trash back to where it was originally stored on the Mac OS X file system.
Using the “Restore to Previous Location” feature is really easy, you'll need to open the Trash can and then do one of the following (one is a keystroke, the other is a right-click option, both work the same however):
Keystroke: Select an item in the Trash and hit the Command+Delete keys to send that item to it's location prior to the Trash
Contextual menu: Select the item and then Right-Click on the file within the Trash and select ‘Put Back' from the contextual menu (see screenshot)
Both tricks work the same, here's what the right-click context menu will look like:
This is limited to fairly modern versions of OS X (think 10.6 and beyond, so yes it's in OS X Yosemite 10.10, and Mavericks, etc) but how amazingly useful it is, it's one of those tricks you want to know exists and it will undoubtedly save you time from navigating around deep file paths.
And yes, you can select one file, many files, or all the files in the Trash if you want to, it will put them all back in their respective original locations on your Mac.
Turkey's military has hit Kurdish targets in Syria and Iraq, just hours after a suicide car bombing killed at least 28 people in the heart of the Turkish capital, Ankara.
Turkey has blamed a Syrian Kurdish fighter for Wednesday's attack, but the YPG, a Syrian Kurdish group supported by the US in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), has rejected accusations of involvement.
A car laden with explosives blew up next to military buses as they waited at traffic lights near Turkey's armed forces' headquarters, parliament and government buildings in Ankara on Wednesday evening.
Within hours of the bombing, Turkey said its warplanes struck bases in northern Iraq of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade fight against the Turkish state and which officials accused of collaborating in the car bombing.
Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey's prime minister, said on Thursday the attack was clear evidence that the YPG was a "terrorist" organisation.
"Yesterday's attack was directly targeting Turkey and the perpetrator is the YPG and the divisive terrorist organisation PKK. All necessary measures will be taken against them," Davutoglu said in a televised speech.
Turkey's armed forces also shelled YPG positions in northern Syria on Thursday, a security source said. Davutoglu said the artillery fire would continue and promised that those responsible for the Ankara attack would "pay the price".
Davutoglu called on the US and other allies to end co-operation with the YPG in Syria and list it as a terrorist group.
"We cannot continue to accept these dual standards. We are looking forward to a uniform stance against them [YPG]," he said.
"We call on all the countries to take a clear stance against those terrorist organisations ... either stand by the side of Turkey as a state or take side with terrorists."
OPINION: Turkey is sinking into the quagmire of Syria
The YPG denied that its members carried out the attack in a statement issued on Thursday.
"Despite all the provocations and attacks by the Turkish army on the border of Rojava [Syrian Kurdish area] we have not responded and acted in a historic responsible manner," the statement said.
"We have conducted no military attack and the ones who know it the best are the Turkish army and AKP government."
Turkey considers the YPG an offshoot of the PKK, which is fighting Turkish security forces in the country's Kurdish areas.
Military intervention
Mehmet Celik of the Daily Sabah newspaper told Al Jazeera the attacks would increase support for Turkish military intervention in Syria, adding that any action would extend beyond fighting the YPG.
"The ground operations will be against all terror groups, will support the moderate opposition and secure humanitarian aid," Celik said, adding that any action would not be taken by Turkey alone.
"It will not be unilateral and Turkey is pushing for it to be done in a coalition."
Al Jazeera's Jamal Elshayyal, reporting from Ankara, said the Turkish government was likely to launch more air strikes and attacks against the PKK and YPG in Syria and Iraq.
"The Turkish population, regardless of how polarised it is on domestic issues, on the Kurdish issue they are united ... that the Kurdish groups fighting Turkey should be dealt with [using] force," he said.
Turkey is concerned that the YPG is trying to create an autonomous region in northern Syria on its southern border.
Flash back to the '70s and '80s with games such as Centipede, Asteroids, Tron and Mortal Kombat.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — If you feel a twinge of nostalgia for the old-school video arcades of the '70s and '80s, complete with music, neon, noise and the seductive aroma of sweat and warm electronics, then The Arcade Revival is for you.
Thursday through Saturday, Oct. 20 through Oct. 22, the Colosseum at 180 Pine St. in Providence will become a retro arcade, with more than 50 vintage games such as Asteroids, Street Fighter, Tron, Centipede, Galaga, Mortal Kombat and more.
Grant Garvin, owner of Temple Games in Pawtucket, said he and fellow enthusiasts Scott Langlais and Jay Leone have been collecting vintage games for years, and they've been looking for an opportunity to show them off.
"We pick them up from dark basements, backyards, basically swamps," Garvin said. "I find them very interesting pieces of American culture, part of a phenomenon that was very big for a time, and then, suddenly, it was gone."
Garvin, 35, said there was a time when every shopping mall in America had an arcade. They are not completely extinct, but a combination of high-end game consoles on one side, and game apps for mobile devices on the other, has made the video arcade increasingly obsolete.
Garvin said he was "an electronics nerd" as a kid, and his father was a cabinet-maker. So restoring the old games comes naturally.
Often the electronic guts of the games are no longer manufactured, and Garvin credits a "dedicated community" of enthusiasts who help track down parts, swap with those in need, and sometimes even make their own.
He said his rarest game might be Darius, a three-screen product that was mostly played in Japan.
A special guest will be Lonnie McDonald, also known as The Joust Master. McDonald has made the high score on the video game Joust in every state in the country — except Rhode Island. So McDonald will be on hand in Providence this weekend to play Joust, and fill that gap in his résumé.
There will be a few changes from the classic video arcades at the Arcade Revival. For one, alcohol will be available, including craft beer from Revival Brewing Company. And the $10 cover gets you unlimited game play, so there's no need to be searching for quarters.
The Arcade Revival will be at the Colosseum Club, 180 Pine St., Providence, Thursday through Saturday, Oct. 20-22, from 7 p.m. to midnight. $10 cover, over 21 only.
— asmith@providencejournal.com
(401) 277-7485
On Twitter: @asmith651
Chicago police Officer Marco Proano claimed he was just doing his job when he fired 16 shots at a stolen car filled with teenagers on the South Side, wounding two.
But a federal jury decided Monday that the shooting — captured on a police dashboard camera video — wasn't the action of a cop but a criminal.
In an unprecedented verdict, the jury deliberated about four hours before convicting Proano of two felony counts of using excessive force in violating the victims' civil rights. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison on each count but likely will get far less because he has no prior criminal history.
Dressed in a dark gray suit and glasses, the 11-year veteran kept his hands clasped in front of him on the defense table and showed no emotion as the verdict was announced in U.S. District Judge Gary Feinerman's hushed courtroom.
Feinerman scheduled sentencing for Nov. 20. But federal prosecutors indicated they will seek next week to detain Proano as a danger to the community.
Proano is the first Chicago cop in memory to be convicted in federal court of criminal charges stemming from an on-duty shooting. He also was the first officer to go to trial in any shooting case since the court-ordered release of the Laquan McDonald shooting video in November 2015 sparked heated protests, political turmoil and promises of systemic change from Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
Earlier this year, a U.S. Department of Justice investigation found the Police Department's use-of-force training was woefully lacking, part of a systemic failure that led to the routine abuse of citizens' civil rights.
This video from a dashboard camera of a Chicago police squad car shows Officer Marco Proano shoot at a moving car, wounding two teens inside it, on December 22, 2013 near 95th and LaSalle streets in the Princeton Park neighborhood. (Courtesy of the Chicago Reporter) This video from a dashboard camera of a Chicago police squad car shows Officer Marco Proano shoot at a moving car, wounding two teens inside it, on December 22, 2013 near 95th and LaSalle streets in the Princeton Park neighborhood. (Courtesy of the Chicago Reporter) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Proano's quick conviction on the federal criminal charges was in stark contrast to how recent police misconduct cases have played out in Cook County Criminal Court, where officers often elect for bench trials instead of a jury.
In the highest-profile case, former Detective Dante Servin was cleared in April 2015 by Cook County Judge Dennis Porter of involuntary manslaughter in the fatal, off-duty shooting of 22-year-old Rekia Boyd on the West Side. The judge's ruling all but said that prosecutors should have charged him with murder, not the lesser charge.
Also in 2015, Cook County Judge Diane Gordon Cannon acquitted then-Chicago police Cmdr. Glenn Evans on charges he shoved his gun down Rickey Williams' throat and threatened to kill him while on duty. In throwing out all charges, Cannon belittled evidence of Williams' DNA on Evans' service weapon as "of fleeting relevance or significance."
Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune Chicago police Officer Marco Proano, 42, leaves the Dirksen U.S. Courthouse on Aug. 28, 2017, after a federal jury convicted Proano of using excessive force in firing 16 shots at a stolen car filled with teenagers in December 2013, wounding two. Chicago police Officer Marco Proano, 42, leaves the Dirksen U.S. Courthouse on Aug. 28, 2017, after a federal jury convicted Proano of using excessive force in firing 16 shots at a stolen car filled with teenagers in December 2013, wounding two. (Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune) (Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune)
Earlier this year, Cook County Judge James Linn acquitted Officer John Gorman of all charges stemming from an off-duty incident in which he was accused of firing shots at a vehicle during a traffic altercation after he'd been drinking.
Speaking to reporters after the verdict, acting U.S. Attorney Joel Levin acknowledged that without video evidence, it's extremely difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that an officer knew he was using excessive force when he opened fire.
"Historically, the lack of videos has made it difficult for us to meet our burden," Levin said in the lobby of the Dirksen U.S. Courthouse. "With the availability of more videos ... it can, as it did in this case, supply the evidence we need to make the case."
Proano left the courthouse without comment, ignoring shouted questions from reporters as he ducked into a waiting SUV. His lawyer, Daniel Herbert, also declined to comment.
The Police Department is seeking to fire Proano, who was placed on unpaid suspension after he was charged last September. In an emailed statement, Superintendent Eddie Johnson called Proano's actions "intolerable."
Meanwhile, the Fraternal Order of Police, the union representing rank-and-file officers, expressed disappointment at the verdict in a statement released Monday afternoon.
"The pressure on the police is making the job extremely difficult," FOP President Kevin Graham said in the statement. "It seems that the criminal elements in our society are not accountable in our justice system, while the police face an intense scrutiny for every split-second decision they make."
Prosecutors said the dashcam video of the shooting — which unfolded in about nine seconds — showed Proano violated all of the training he received at the Police Academy, including to never fire into a crowd, only fire if you can clearly see your target and to stop shooting once the threat has been eliminated.
The video — played several times for jurors during the trial, including in slow-motion — showed Proano walking quickly toward the stolen Toyota within seconds of arriving at the scene while he held his gun pointed sideways in his left hand. Proano can be seen backing away briefly as the car went in reverse, away from the officer. He then raised his gun with both hands and opened fire as he walked toward the car, continuing to fire even after the car had rolled into a light pole and stopped.
"Marco Proano drew first, shot next and then he tried to justify it later," Assistant U.S. Attorney Erika Csicsila said in her closing argument Monday. "He came out of his car like a cowboy, he pulled his gun out, held it to one side and aimed it at those kids to send a message and to show who was in charge."
Last week, jurors heard testimony from two Chicago police training officers that cops are taught to shoot only as a last resort against a deadly threat and to reassess the danger every two or three shots before continuing to fire.
Herbert argued Monday that the officer did exactly as he was trained — to stop the threat and also protect the life of one of the teens, who was hanging from the passenger window as the car reversed.
In his closing remarks, Herbert also accused prosecutors of armchair quarterbacking the shooting, making decisions from the safety of their office about what was a tense and dangerous situation.
"They made that decision (to charge Proano) sitting at their desks, eating popcorn and watching the video, not out on the street like Officer Proano," Herbert said.
Herbert also represents Officer Jason Van Dyke, who is awaiting trial on first-degree murder charges in Cook County in the Laquan McDonald shooting.
Proano, a native of Ecuador, joined the Police Department in 2006 and was assigned as a beat cop in the Gresham District after graduating from the academy.
Prosecutors were not allowed to present evidence of Proano's checkered past, including that the shooting was his third in a three-year span.
Al Bello/Getty Images The Philadelphia Eagles appear to be close to hiring a new head coach to replace Chip Kelly, and it is a familiar name: Tom Coughlin.
According to several reports Thursday morning talks between the Eagles and Coughlin have intensified with Ian Rapoport saying a deal could be in place "very quickly."
"Eagles talks with Tom Coughlin have intensified, as well. This could all go down very quickly. He seems to have wrapped his head around it," Rapoport wrote on Twitter.
Earlier, Adam Schefter of ESPN reported that the two sides were close but that there were "issues for [the] two sides to work through."
Rapoport concurred that there are still details to work through, but suggested a deal was close by saying "but they are far down the line."
One of the issues on hiring Coughlin is his age. Coughlin will turn 70 before the 2016 season starts, making him five years older than any other head coach in the NFL. There is a report from ESPN that Coughlin still wants to coach for two to three more years, but even that makes this a temporary solution for the Eagles and shows that they feel they can win now.
Coughlin parted ways with the New York Giants a week ago after posting his second straight six-win season. The Giants had missed the playoffs in each of the four seasons since winning the Super Bowl in 2011.
Pope Francis will make a stop in Cuba before his first papal visit to the United States in September. File Photo Stefano Spaziari/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON, April 28 (UPI) -- President Barack Obama and Pope Francis will discuss climate change during September's anticipated papal visit to the United States.
Obama said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal that he will speak to the pope about global poverty and called the pope "an extraordinary individual, a transformative leader, not just within the Catholic Church, but globally."
"We're going to talk about climate change I'm sure because he is very clear that part of the Church's teachings, and part of my faith, is that we have to be good stewards of this incredible planet we've been given, and there are steps that can be taken there," Obama added.
Francis is set to deliver an encyclical, or papal letter sent to all bishops of church, this summer on the degradation of the environment and the effects of human-caused climate change on the poor, according to The New York Times.
The Vatican will begin a summit meeting on Tuesday attempting to build momentum for an effort in December to commit United Nations members to enact strong laws to cut emissions. The meeting will focus on the links between economic development, poverty and climate change. U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will deliver the opening address at the summit.
The Vatican recently announced that Pope Francis will make a stop in Cuba in September before his scheduled visit to the United States.
Francis' itinerary for his first papal visit to the United States in September will include stops in Philadelphia, New York and Washington, D.C.
Indigenous tribes say the Belo Monte dam poses a threat to their way of life Bidding for contracts to build a huge hydroelectric dam on a tributary of the Amazon in Brazil has been stopped for a second time. A court granted an injunction halting the auction due later in the day. The government says the Belo Monte dam on the Xingu River is crucial for economic development. Indigenous groups and environmentalists oppose the dam, saying thousands of people will be displaced and a sensitive ecosystem damaged. The latest development came just a day before Tuesday's planned auction and it is highly likely there will be further legal wrangling. A spokesman for Brazil's electric energy agency, Aneel, indicated that the auction would go ahead if the injunction was lifted at the last minute. Last week, a judge ruled bidding could proceed, overturning an earlier order to halt. The proposal to build a hydro-electric dam on the Xingu river, a tributary of the Amazon in the northern state of Para, has long been a source of controversy. The initial project was abandoned in the 1990s amid widespread protests both in Brazil and around the world. Environmental groups say the Belo Monte dam will threaten the survival of indigenous groups, and the lives of up to 40,000 people could be affected as 500 sq km of land would be flooded.
The government says whoever is awarded the project will have to pay $800m to protect the environment. Belo Monte would be third largest hydro-electric dam in the world, after the Three Gorges in China and Itaipu, which is jointly run by Brazil and Paraguay. It is expected to provide electricity to 23 million Brazilian homes. With Brazil's economy continuing to show signs of growth, ministers say hydro-electric plants are a vital way to ensure power supplies over the next decade - and at least 70 dams are said to be planned for the Amazon region. Critics say the Belo Monte plant will be hugely inefficient, generating less than 10% of its capacity during the three to four months of the low-water season.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[Originally published in German in 1968]
For every species of animals and plants the means of subsistence are limited. Hence every living being's vital interests are implacably opposed to those of all members of its own species. Only human beings know how to overcome this irreconcilable, nature-given conflict by embarking upon cooperation. The higher productivity of work performed under the principle of the division of labor substitutes for the grim antagonism created by the scarcity of food the solidarity of interests of people intentionally aiming at common goals. The peaceful exchange of commodities and services, the market process, becomes the standard type of interhuman relations. Mutual agreement of the parties displaces the recourse to violence, to the law of the stronger.
Cooperation versus Violence
The inherent deficiency of this method of solving mankind's fundamental problem (and there is no other method available) is to be seen in the fact that it depends on full and unconditional cooperation of all human beings and can be frustrated by the noncooperation of any individual. There is no other means available to eliminate violent interference with human affairs than the recourse to more powerful violence. Against individuals or groups of individuals who are resorting to violence or are not complying with their obligations resulting from contracts nothing avails but the recourse to violent action. The market system of voluntary agreements cannot work if not backed up by an apparatus of compulsion and coercion ready to resort to violence against individuals who are not strictly abiding by the terms and rules of mutual agreement. The market needs the support of the state.
The market in the broadest sense of the term is the process that encompasses all voluntary and spontaneous actions of men. It is the realm of human initiative and freedom and the soil upon which all human achievements thrive.
The state, the power protecting the market against destructive recourse to violence, is a grim apparatus of coercion and compulsion. It is a system of orders and prohibitions, and its armed servants are always ready to enforce these laws. Whatever the state does, is done by those subject to its commands. State power forced its subjects to build pyramids and other monuments, hospitals, research institutes, and schools. People see these achievements and praise their authors to the skies. They do not see the buildings that state power destroyed. Nor do they see those structures that were never constructed because the government had taxed away the means that individual citizens had destined for their erection.
There is today practically no limit to the peoples' and their rulers' pro-statist or, as one says today, prosocialist enthusiasm. Hardly anybody is courageous enough to raise objections if some expansion of state power — popularly styled the "public sector of the economy" — is suggested. What slows down and in most fields almost stops the progress toward more socialization of business enterprises is the manifest financial failure of almost all nationalization and municipalization ventures. In this regard, reference to the US Post Office plays an important role in present-day social philosophies and economic policies. Its well-known inefficiency and its enormous financial deficit demolish the popular fables about the virtues of the conduct of affairs by the state, the social apparatus of violent action.
It is impossible to defend honestly the case for violence against the case for peaceful cooperation. Thus the advocates of violence are resorting to the trick of calling the methods of violence and threat of violence to which they resort "nonviolence." The outstanding case is that of labor unionism. Its essential procedure, the use of violent action of various kinds or the threat of such action, is to prevent enterprises from working with the aid of people who do not obey the unions' orders. They have succeeded in giving to the military term "picketing" a "peaceful" connotation. Yet, precisely in the way they apply it, it includes the willingness to kill and destroy by brute force.
The fundamental antagonism between the realm of mutual peaceful agreement and that of compulsion and coercion cannot be eradicated by idle talk about two "sectors" of the economy, the private and the public. There is no conciliation between constraint and spontaneity. The attempts to resuscitate the totalitarianism of the Pharaohs of Egypt or of the Incas of Peru are doomed. And violence does not lose its antisocial character by being rebaptized "nonviolence." All that man has created was a product of voluntary human cooperation. All that violence has contributed to civilization consists in the — certainly indispensable — services it renders to the endeavors of peace-loving people to restrain potential peace breakers.
Socialist Planning
Western civilization appreciates and always appreciated liberty as the greatest good. The history of the West is a record of struggles against tyranny and for freedom. In the 19th century the idea of the individual's freedom as developed by the ancient Greeks and resuscitated by the Europeans of the Renaissance and the Enlightenment seemed even to work upon the backward people of the East. Optimists were talking about a coming age of freedom and peace.
What really happened was just the opposite. The 19th century, very successful in the natural sciences and their technological utilization, begot and made popular social doctrines that depicted the total state as the ultimate design of human history. Pious Christians as well as radical atheists rejected the market economy, vilifying it as the worst of all evils. While capitalism increased the productivity of economic effort in an unprecedented degree and the standard of living of the masses in the capitalistic countries improved from year to year, the Marxian doctrine of the unavoidable progressive pauperization of the "exploited classes" was accepted as an incontestable dogma. Self-styled intellectuals, yearning and striving hard for what they style the dictatorship of the proletariat, pretend to continue the endeavors of all the great champions of freedom.
The social and political ideal of our age is planning. No longer should the individuals have the right and the opportunity of choosing the mode of their integration into the system of social cooperation. Everybody will have to comply with the orders issued by society's — i.e., the state's, the police power's — supreme office. From the cradle to the coffin everybody will be forced to behave precisely as he is ordered to behave by the makers of the "plan." These orders will determine his training and the place and the kind of his work as well as the wages he will receive. He will not be in a position to raise any objections against the orders received; according to the philosophy underlying the system, the planning authority alone is in a position to know whether or not the order is or is not in accordance with its plan for the "socially" most desirable conduct of affairs.
The total enslavement of all members of society is not a merely accidental attendant phenomenon of the socialist management. It is rather the essential feature of the socialist system, the very effect of any thinkable kind of socialist conduct of business. It is precisely this that the socialist authors had in mind when they stigmatized capitalism as "anarchy of production" and asked for the transfer of all authority and power to "society." Either a man is free to live according to his own plan or he is forced to submit unconditionally to the plan of the great god state.
It does not matter that the socialists call themselves today "leftists" and smear the advocates of limited government and the market economy as "rightists." These terms "left" and "right" have lost any political significance. The only meaningful distinction is that between the advocates of the market economy and its corollary, limited government, and the advocates of the total state.
For the first time in human history there is perfect agreement between the majority of the so-called intellectuals and the vast majority of all other classes and groups of people. Passionately and vehemently they all want planning — i.e., their own total enslavement.
Individual Freedom and the Market Economy
The characteristic feature of the capitalistic society is the sphere of activity it assigns to the initiative and responsibility of its members. The individual is free and supreme as long as he does not restrict the freedom of his fellow citizens in pursuance of his own ends. In the market he is sovereign in his capacity as a consumer. In the governmental sphere he is a voter and in this capacity a part of the sovereign lawgiver. Political democracy and democracy of the market are congeneric. In the terminology of Marxism one would have to say: representative government is the superstructure of the market economy as despotism is the superstructure of socialism.
The market economy is not merely one of various thinkable and possible systems of mankind's economic cooperation. It is the only method that enables man to establish a social system of production to which the unswerving tendency is inwrought to aim at the best possible and cheapest provisioning of the consumers.
Sweet Celestia, that background gave me so much trouble XD Excluding the details, it was the fact that they just didn't want to set up right when layering them. I had to cut this and move that... you might see it in the render, but it normally removes all the Ctrl+Zs I doSweetie Belle also looks a little older for her age, which says to me I need more practice drawing fillies. Stumpy little legs... At least it's an excuse to draw more of best ponyDone in openCanvas5.5 for the 12th ATG prompt, "Draw a pony putting on a play/Draw a pony performing."My Little Pony © HasbroAlso be sure to hit the download image button for a sharper picture. This one only looks blurry on the page. For me, at least. I dunno.#64, page 4Check it out and the other artists here
Looking to misbehave in Berlin? Here's a comprehensive guide to the best sex clubs, fetish shops, the sexiest and kinkiest clubnights, porn festivals… and more! By Camille Darroux.
Berlin has a reputation for being the city where people are free to explore who they are, open their minds and push their own boundaries. It has been a hotspot for sexual enjoyment ever since the 1920s Weimar Republic, as highlighted in the 2005 Canadian documentary Legendary Sin Cities. To this day, Berlin is renowned for being home to a number of world class sex clubs such as KitKat Club and Berghain, the latter not only boasting incredible electronic music line-ups, but also its infamous dark rooms.
Another interesting trait of the city is that a number of venues, shops, and club nights pride themselves on being extremely sex positive, meaning that any kind of discrimination based on sexual orientation and sexual habits is very much frowned upon. In fact, many night clubs state these rules on their websites, mentioning in their code of conduct that anyone found guilty of not respecting other people's choices and identity will be shown to the door in no time.
That being said, here is a list of a Berliner's favorite places and events in Berlin that actively support sex positivity, ranging from sex clubs to art venues, festivals, and sex shops.
CLUBS
KitKat Club
KitKat Club was founded in the early 1990s and is inspired by the Sunrise Beach Parties that were happening in Goa during the late 1980s. The club's motto hasn't changed since its launch and remains “Do what you want but stay in communication!” Its specificity is that it mixes an uncompromising musical curation policy which strongly leans toward techno music with the atmosphere of an actual sex club. Their most typical club night is CarneBall Bizarre which happens every Saturday. The club has an outdoor pool and comprises of several rooms as well as dark rooms and is probably the best place to start to catch a glimpse of Berlin's free spirit.
Kitkat Club, Köpenicker Straße 76, 10179 Berlin
Insomnia
In a way, Insomnia was born out of KitKat Club since it started out as a club night that was hosted in the aforementioned venue in the mid-1990s. It aims at being the lovechild of Roman orgies and New York's Studio 54 and also wishes to be a place where sexual topics are discussed and showcased, be it through exhibitions or charity events. The place has hot tub parties every Tuesday and is also well-known for its fetish parties, even though they insist on being as inclusive as possible.
Insomnia, Alt Tempelhof 17-19D, 12099 Berlin
Berghain
Berghain was made world famous by Claire Danes who mentioned it recently while she was a guest during Ellen DeGeneres' show, but has been the holy grail of techno music fans for many years now. Its specificity is that it started out as Ostgut, one of the first places to host gay sex and fetish events. Berghain itself opened in 2004 and is also home to a gay sex club called Lab.Oratory. Not only does it book the best DJs in the world, it also has several dark rooms and fetish (inspired) clothing is the norm among its regular visitors. Its door policy is reputed to be extremely unpredictable, but the club's bouncers somehow always manage to only let non-judgmental, positive people in, which after all is nothing but a good thing.
Berghain, Am Wriezener Bahnhof, 10243 Berlin
CLUB NIGHTS
Pornceptual
Pornceptual was launched by photographer Chris Philips about two years ago and, as its name suggests, wants to conceptualize pornographic aesthetics. It has an extremely arty vibe and co-exists with Chris' eponymous erotic photography project. Each party has its own theme, and those who follow its dress code or come naked are allowed in for a reduced price. What sets Pornceptual apart is that it manages to make sex-positive events hip and strongly promotes sex positivity among the younger crowd and those who usually do not attend sex-related events.
GEGEN
GEGEN happens on a bi-monthly basis at KitKat Club and is an arty queer techno party. The German word gegen means against, and each of their events is titled “against” something and accompanied by the greatest Facebook event descriptions like, ever. The November edition is called GEGEN ASS and the text deals with the topic of sexual orientation and its stigmas in the best possible way, quoting Spanish essay collection “Por el Culo: políticas anales” by Javier Sáez & Sejo Carrasco in the process. All guests pay close attention to their outfits and this is the night to see all the open-minded cool kids who call Berlin their home in action. Think techno music, lots of leather and shameless dancing as well as, of course, some X-rated action, all of which makes for the best cocktail one could possibly think of.
(ART) VENUES
Schwules Museum*
Schwules Museum, literally gay museum, was founded in the mid 80s and is dedicated to promoting LGBT life in Berlin. It was launched after a very successful exhibition on gay topics at Berlin Museum, which highlighted a high demand for shows that address these issues. Aside from exhibitions such as Homosexuality_ies which is currently running and deals with the history, politics and culture of homosexuality, the venue hosts a lot of talks and events around them. All of this makes it is a must-see for anyone interested in sex-related topics.
Schwules Museum*, Lützowstraße 73, 10785 Berlin
HAU
HAU, short for Hebbel am Ufer, actually comprises of three venues spread along the banks of Berlin's Landwehrkanal. They host exhibitions, concerts, performances, theater plays and parties, and often have events related to sex and gender topics, such as the Sexy MF performance by Ana borralho & João Galante earlier this year or the Grindr-themed performance “Wanna play?” that was at the heart of a large controversy around privacy last year. Its programming choices are very forward thinking and I cannot recommend their events enough.
HAU, Stresemannstraße 29, 10963 Berlin
Studio Я
Studio Я (which is the last letter in the Russian alphabet and means I), is “a place where radical new forms and political theories merge with theatre”. They have organized many events linked to homosexuality and are focusing on the political side of things, having hosted discussions on topics such as Istanbul's gay pride in the past.
Studio Я, Dorotheenstraße 9, 10117 Berlin
Schwelle 7
Unfortunately, Schwelle 7 is currently at risk of closing for administrative reasons, but its founder is looking for a new location so let us hope they reach their goal and are able to go forth! Their current venue is a 500 square metres industrial building which they use to host workshops and events on contemporary dance, performance and BDSM. The variety of its program is astounding and fascinating. They offer bondage, aerial yoga, tantric massage classes and so much more, and aim to be a space where people interested in more kinky topics can learn and talk about their interests, with a strong focus on consent.
Schwelle 7, Uferstrasse 6, 13357 Berlin
SHOPS
Schwarzer Reiter
Schwarzer Reiter is is an authority as far as fetish fashion and sex accessories are concerned. Unlike many other shops, it manages to keep things very tasteful and classy and offers a variety of carefully selected products for affordable prices. However, this doesn't mean they compromise on quality and their main goal is to help their clients experience a sense of luxury when entering the shop. Their sale staff is welcoming and wants their clients to peruse the shop knowing that they have all the time in the world. It is truly a great place to visit, even if you have never walked into a sex shop before.
Schwarzer Reiter, Torstraße 3, 10119 Berlin
Très Bonjour
Located right next to Schwarzer Reiter, Très Bonjour is a latex haute couture and lingerie shop. Everything is as expensive as it is tasteful, and I have to shed a tear every time I look at the shop's window and remember I cannot afford anything that is on display. Their pieces have been featured in many fashion magazines such as Vogue, Grazia or France's Jalouse, and you should pay it a visit even just to look at the beautiful pieces they sell.
Très Bonjour, Torstraße 3, 10119 Berlin
Other Nature
Other Nature describes itself as a “queer feminist sex shop” and its particularity is that it mostly offers vegan products. In other words, it tries to abstain from selling accessories or apparel made out of leather. They sell clothes, accessories and sex toys as well as feminist and sex-positive porn DVDs. They also host workshops because they believe that “knowledge is sexy” and that learning about sex is the best way to enjoy it more. Topics include bondage, dirty talking, and all events are hosted by professionals and experts.
Other Nature, Mehringdamm 79, 10965 Berlin
FAIRS AND FESTIVALS
Pornfilmfestival Berlin
Pronfilmfestival Berlin was launched in 2006 by German filmmaker Jürgen Brüning and focuses on erotic and porn movies by encouraging people to rethink the genre in terms of art, society and philosophy topics. Its mission statement says the festival wants that “pornography becomes actually stimulating, actually erotic and actually sexy, rather than enjoyable and erotic only in theory, unwatchable in reality.” The festival happens every year in October and organizes public screenings in many of the city's sex-positive venues.
Pornfilmfestival Berlin
PorYes – Feminist Porn Award
Another Berlin event which actively fights sexism in porn is PorYes, Europe's feminist porn award. Its focus lies on high quality erotic movies “with a wide range of portrayed female sexual lust and in which women also play an important role as producers.” The yearly event also happens in October and consists in a ceremony, a party and panel discussions.
PorYes
Folsom Europe
San Francisco's Folsom has its European counterpart and it takes place in—you guessed it—Berlin! This street fair is held every year in September since 2003 in gay-friendly neighborhood Schöneberg and focuses on BDSM and leather subcultures. It is mostly visited by gay men, but strives to remain inclusive and open-minded.
Folsom Europe
Venus
Venus is the world's largest erotic trade and consumer fair and is happening for the 18th time this year. It attracts 30,000 visitors annually and is a place for all actors of the industry to meet, as well as an event aimed at those who want to find out more about this field all while shopping the latest products and attending various performances and shows.
Venus Berlin
Camille Darroux is a Berlin based writer, weighing in on topics like sex, feminism and nightlife.
Comments
Comments
A father in Louisiana bludgeoned and beheaded his disabled 7-year-old son last August because he no longer wanted to care for the boy.
For most people, such a heinous act is unconscionable.
But it may be that a person can become callous enough to commit human atrocities because of a failure in the part of the brain that's critical for social interaction. A new study by researchers at Duke University and Princeton University suggests this function may disengage when people encounter others they consider disgusting, thus "dehumanizing" their victims by failing to acknowledge they have thoughts and feelings.
This shortcoming also may help explain how propaganda depicting Tutsi in Rwanda as cockroaches and Hitler's classification of Jews in Nazi Germany as vermin contributed to torture and genocide, the study said.
"When we encounter a person, we usually infer something about their minds. Sometimes, we fail to do this, opening up the possibility that we do not perceive the person as fully human," said lead author Lasana Harris, an assistant professor in Duke University's Department of Psychology & Neuroscience and Center for Cognitive Neuroscience. Harris co-authored the study with Susan Fiske, a professor of psychology at Princeton University.
Social neuroscience has shown through MRI studies that people normally activate a network in the brain related to social cognition - thoughts, feelings, empathy, for example - when viewing pictures of others or thinking about their thoughts. But when participants in this study were asked to consider images of people they considered drug addicts, homeless people, and others they deemed low on the social ladder, parts of this network failed to engage.
What's especially striking, the researchers said, is that people will easily ascribe social cognition - a belief in an internal life such as emotions - to animals and cars, but will avoid making eye contact with the homeless panhandler in the subway.
"We need to think about other people's experience," Fiske said. "It's what makes them fully human to us."
The duo's previous research suggested that a lack of social cognition can be linked to not acknowledging the mind of other people when imagining a day in their life, and rating them differently on traits that we think differentiate humans from everything else.
This latest study expands on that earlier work to show that these traits correlate with activation in brain regions beyond the social cognition network. These areas include those brain areas involved in disgust, attention and cognitive control.
The result is what the researchers call "dehumanized perception," or failing to consider someone else's mind. Such a lack of empathy toward others can also help explain why some members of society are sometimes dehumanized, they said.
For this latest study, 119 undergraduates from Princeton completed judgment and decision-making surveys as they viewed images of people. The researchers sought to examine the students' responses to common emotions triggered by images such as:
a female college student and male American firefighter (pride);
a businesswoman and rich man (envy);
an elderly man and disabled woman (pity);
a female homeless person and male drug addict (disgust).
After imagining a day in the life of the people in the images, participants next rated the same person on various dimensions. They rated characteristics including the warmth, competence, similarity, familiarity, responsibility of the person for his/her situation, control of the person over their situation, intelligence, complex emotionality, self-awareness, ups-and-downs in life, and typical humanity.Participants then went into the MRI scanner and simply looked at pictures of people.The study found that the neural network involved in social interaction failed to respond to images of drug addicts, the homeless, immigrants and poor people, replicating earlier results."These results suggest multiple roots to dehumanization," Harris said. "This suggests that dehumanization is a complex phenomenon, and future research is necessary to more accurately specify this complexity."The sample's mean age was 20, with 62 female participants. The ethnic composition of the Princeton students who participated in the study was 68 white, 19 Asian, 12 of mixed descent, and 6 black, with the remainder not reporting.
Recent NFL rule change has moved the point after a touch (PAT) down from the 2-yard line back to the 15-yard line. So far the chances of making the extra point is down to 95%. That may seem high, but it is actually 4.5% lower!
Your browser does not support frames, consider using Mozilla/Chrome.
Over the last five years the PAT completion rate has remained mostly unchanged. The timing of the rule change coincides with a decrease chance of completing the PAT. This is not due to a reduction in the skill of our NFL kickers. Actually, we can see that NFL kickers have been consistently improving in their ability to complete field goals. Overall, NFL kickers are 3.3% more likely to make a field goal in 2015 than they have been in previous five seasons. Kickers are consistently increasing their ability to complete field goals each year.The chart above shows the probability of an NFL kicker completing a field goal. The chart below shows the same chart zoomed to the scale of the data:We could argue that their increase in performance is due to improved coaching. The kickers are not asked to attempt kicks which the coach is not confident that they can complete. To test this look at completions by yardage by year:The table above shows the probability that an NFL kicker will complete a field goal by year and by 20-yard bracket. It looks like these kickers are still doing as well across the various yard-based buckets. So if we compare the field goal completion rate to the PAT completion rate, what do we notice?Here is the same chart zoomed to the scale of the data. I also added a highlighted point that indicates what the expected completion rate should be for PATs.The extra point was gone from being a given (99.56%) to having a 19/20 chance. Perhaps this is why the NFL felt motivated to change the rule. Is it a large enough change? If you do the math, it turns out that kickers are now 10x more likely to miss the extra point! Wow- time to adjust our strategies. Will more teams start trying to convert on a touch down?
Earlier, at Revolution Software:
Jimmy Wordsmith: If our Broken Sword Kickstarter raises $1 million dollars, I'd love to work on a sequel to Beneath a Steel Sky!
Ian Programmer: I would love to do the programming. BASS is one of my favourite things ever.
Penelope Management: Haha. We only made $800,000 so forget it. We'll all work on something we hate instead of returning to a world we love.
Jimmy Wordsmith: Or…we could just make it anyway.
And so they will, after Broken Sword: The Serpent's Curse is finished. Actual quotes below.
Speaking to Develop, Revolution co-founder Tony Warriner said: “We're delighted by the recent level of interest in a sequel to Beneath a Steel Sky and are currently discussing design ideas for this project which we plan to go into development following the release of Broken Sword – The Serpent's Curse.”
I'd rather they made the Steel Sky sequel first, although I'm sure most of the people who pledged money for the adventures of George and Nico would quite rightly kick up a fuss. That sword has been broken loads of times though and I've only had a vacuum cleaner as a friend once. We were oh so close.
Selecting an optic for your rifle is often an exercise in making sacrifices.
A higher magnification scope allows for better target identification and more precise aiming but will be very difficult to use quickly at close range when said, you've startled an unseen hog. Having just one optic normally means that you give up some amount of utility in certain situations, and so it's not surprising that one of the more recent trends in the rifle shooting community — particularly where the AR-15 is concerned–is the use of two separate optical sights on the same gun.
Typically, this involves pairing some kind of magnified optic for longer range shots with an unmagnified optic for close range shooting. This allows for much greater flexibility in how a single rifle may be utilized, but it is not without its own set of problems.
Mounting a second optic on your rifle, if even possible, is going to cost money, and depending on what optic and mount you choose you could be making a substantial investment. A second optic also adds some amount of weight and bulkiness which could complicate storage and carry.
Today, I'm going to show you a technique that allows certain magnified scopes to be used as a 1x red dot sight, and allows switching between modes in less than two seconds. It's also incredibly intuitive and easy to do.
Occluded Eye Aiming
Careful observers may have noticed that in the title picture I have the objective lens cover of my rifle's scope closed. At first glance it may seem like a simple goof, but it's actually because I'm using a technique called occluded eye aiming. Occluded eye aiming takes advantage of our natural binocular vision, and our brain's ability to merge information from both eyes into what we perceive as a single image. In the case of occluded eye aiming we merge the image of the scope's reticle onto the image of the target.
The ancient ancestors of modern red dot sights were actually purpose-built to use this aiming technique, but in order to use our scope as an occluded eye gun-sight all we're going to need is an optic with an illuminated reticle and an objective lens cover. In this case, I am using a Burris AR-332 3x scope that ships from the factory with spring-open scope caps and an illuminated BDC reticle.
To shoot using the occluded eye method, simply turn on your scope's reticle illumination and close the objective lens cap. The reticle does not need to be extremely bright due to the contrast around it created by the lack of light entering the scope tube, but you may want to adjust the brightness based on the target background or ambient light conditions. Aiming is done just as you normally would but it is essential to keep both eyes open, otherwise your brain won't have an image of the target to work with.
What you will see is the reticle appearing to simply float on the target out in space. You will still maintain 100% of your field of view because your non-shooting eye fills in the blind spot directly in front of the optic.
Another advantage to using this technique is that it's extremely fast to switch between occluded eye aiming and normal scope use. In fact, it's faster than adjusting a magnification ring or activating a flip-over magnifier mount. If you find that a long shot is needed out in the field, simply slide the support hand thumb along the scope to open the front lens cap as you establish your support hand grip on the rifle.
Some of you out there might be asking, “Why close the front lens cap at all?” Well, it's true that you can achieve some amount of “red dot effect” with any illuminated scope simply by keeping both eyes open, however it is often very difficult to juggle between focusing through the scope and focusing on the unmagnified view of the target and this only gets more difficult as the magnification level is increased. Occluded eye aiming forces a proper focus balance and works no matter what magnification level your scope is set to.
Not just a gimmick
I know some of you might be rolling your eyes thinking that this is some “tactical-Tommy” nonsense, but it does have some real world application.
Animals such as feral hogs and mountain lions pose a very real danger in many environments, and should one get the drop on you, you'll need to make fast and accurate shots over a short distance which is very difficult to do with the magnified optics most of us prefer. Understanding and practicing this technique will allow you to be effective in these situations without adding bulk to your rifle or emptying your pocketbook.
On the competition and duty side of things, many rifles are only intended to be used at longer ranges, but sometimes competition stages and real world events do not cater to our expectations. A simple objective lens cap and knowledge of this technique may shave seconds off your stage-time as you get those 10 yard A-zone hits. My personal experience with this technique comes from my time spent on the CQB range and out in Afghanistan with an ACOG-equipped carbine and a piece of tape over my anti-reflection lens cover. Why not be that much more prepared when you likely have all you need already?
There's just one catch…
While occluded eye aiming is an elegant solution for those needing a close range aiming device, it is important to understand its limitations. Because of the spacing between our eyes the image of the reticle is actually angled slightly in relation to our view of the target. This means that as the distance to the target increases, the strike of the rounds will drift farther and farther from our point of aim. The actual amount and direction of deviation will vary from shooter to shooter, and depends upon eye spacing, eye position, phoria, and whether the shooter is focusing on the reticle or the target.
In order to show how dramatic the point of impact shift can be using occluded eye aiming I shot at distances of 5, 15, and 25 yards. Each target was shot first with a 3 round group in the head while looking through the scope normally. The objective lens cover was then immediately closed and another 3 shot group was fired using occluded eye aiming lower on the body while keeping my primary focus on the target.
As you can see, the 5-yard line showed almost no difference between the positions of the shot groups relative to the point of aim. This is where occluded eye aiming really shines, and I actually shot a slightly tighter group without looking through the scope.
At 15 yards we're starting to see the rounds wander off from our point of aim when the forward lens is occluded. Grouping is still reasonable in comparison to the test group however.
At 25 yards we've exceeded the useful range of this technique. Shots are now widely spaced and way off target. The vertical deviation is due to my eyes not being parallel to the ground when shooting, and the wide shot grouping is due to parallax created when the lens cover is closed.
Other shooters may experience different results. For example, it's quite common for shots to deviate to the left instead of the right if the shooter focuses on the reticle instead of the target. The amount of vertical deviation is dependent upon the amount of head tilt necessary to obtain a cheek weld, and will vary between guns and shooters.
Final thoughts
Is occluded eye aiming an appropriate substitute for a quality red-dot optic for general use? Absolutely not. However, for shooters who anticipate needing a close range optic only occasionally, this technique may prove very useful; and while it may only be effective over short distances, learning your own personal impact shift can extend your range with this technique. If nothing else, it's another tool for your mental toolbox that might just come in handy when an optic breaks during a competition or if your scoped rifle serves double-duty as a home defense weapon.
As always, feedback is appreciated and if you have any questions or comments please let us know!
Monday I saw the funniest thing on Facebook. OK, we see a lot of funny things on Facebook, most of it intentionally funny, like this e-card. That's funny.
Sometimes our friends say the funniest things. My old friend Pete can be counted on to make everyone laugh. After Pope Benedict XVI announced his retirement, Pete was the guy who wrote on Facebook, “He's the first Pope to give up being Pope for Lent.” Now that's funny.
Then there are those people who, with total sincerity, explain something about themselves that turns out to be so funny, you wonder if they are j/k — just kidding. Because it's usually a friend you gingerly tiptoe around it until you know if it's a joke or not.
Then there are the pages that make you go, “Huh?” Things that not only seem out of place, but make you chuckle as well. One of those humorous moments on Facebook hit when I saw a fan page for a group called Tea Party in Space.
Seriously, Teabaggers who want manned space flights. At first I thought someone was being funny, that they had created this Facebook page as some sort of political satire or to just mock the Tea Party. There's a lot of that going around on Facebook.
After reading the comments of the people who are a part of this organization and those who like or oppose TPiS, it was apparent this was no joke. So I did a little research. The organization has a website. Well that says something, but on the other hand any yokel with a few bucks to spend every month can have a website — I have one.
The TPiS site is organized with headers for each section. Although there is space provided for any members, advocates or detractors to leave comments on all of their website topics and sub-pages, there isn't one single comment. So it begs the question: are there members beyond the three people listed on the website as “President,” “Vice President” and “National Coordinator and Director of Operations”?
Judging from the verbiage used in the organization's “Core Values” and “Platform” topics, they've been around for a few years, at least since 2011. They talk about ending the Space Launch Systems program for instance, but as far as I know, the SLS program is still operational.
Brief note of clarification: the Space Launch Systems are the new post-shuttle plan to send Americans (and others) into space without having to hitch a ride with the Russians.
NASA, i.e. the federal government, is currently building a new rocket system with a multipurpose crew vehicle that will, if all goes as planned, take crews to the Moon, Mars and other destinations like the International Space Station (ISS).
TEA Party in Space wants is to stop the SLS program and put it all in the hands of private enterprise. Indeed, there are companies like SpaceX that are getting into the space race. On May 25, 2012 SpaceX became the first private company to send a vehicle to the ISS. It brought cargo. If you're into space and exploring it, this was really exciting news.
That is the main concern of TPiS: promote space travel and exploration for private enterprise and reduce government involvement in it. Along with that is to let the private sector go into space with as little regulation as possible.
They refer to their platform as the “Oregon Trail space policy.” But this is where the TPiS platform gets murky. First they want to do away with the SLS program, but then they say NASA should only get involved in space projects that are entirely and completely for the U.S. government. That would mean the government would need a space delivery system of some sort, like the Space Launch System, unless TPiS thinks the government should contract one of the private companies to deliver their payloads to space.
Also implicit in all their information is that everything that goes into space, lands on the Moon and Mars and beyond, should have the U.S. imprint on it and we should be exporting “American values” across the universe. As their TEA Party in Space platform states, “Our goal is nothing less than the expansion of American civilization into the solar system.” Not human civilization, but American civilization. No foreigners allowed. Well, I would hope they would allow other countries to engage in their own space exploration and colonization.
And who wouldn't want to have an American footprint in space? We already have them on the Moon and Mars. But many people interested in space exploration would like to see it become an international effort, that we explore space as one species, not 140 different countries competing with one another to claim real estate on other bodies in space.
By treaty the United States shares Antarctica with the other countries that explore the continent. That's the type of philosophy most people have with space exploration. Call it the “Star Trek Effect.” Right from the beginning the series featured crewmembers from many different cultures and nationalities and in the case of Mr. Spock, a different planet. There was a Scotsman, a Russian, Chinese and the communications officer who was African.
In our Earth's orbit we do have the International Space Station, a space vehicle that is a home to people of varying nationalities. Most people would like to see that kind of cooperation extend beyond the ISS.
If you're thinking, “I've never heard of TEA Party in Space before,” you're not alone. Tea Party member Andrew Gasser, a retired Air Force veteran, founded the organization. He saw that none of the Tea Party groups he encountered (he says he's a member of three) had any space policy so he decided to start one.
I have some friends who are in the defense and aerospace industries and some who are techno geeks that work in the computer field and I asked them if they had heard of this organization. None of them had heard of TPiS.
One friend I spoke with over the phone asked, “Did you say Tea Party in Space?” Yes I did! “Space? In like Outer Space, or …” Yes, outer space, manned space flight, etc. “I know where this is going,” my friend said, having known me for so many years.
Another friend who builds things for the government he can't talk about, said, “TEA Party in space? Sounds like a group that wants to cut NASA completely out of space exploration!” Not completely Mr. Smith, but it's something like that.
The organization did get a mention on the TPM (Talking Points Memo) Muckraker page and of course on NewsMax, but other than that, no one really pays any attention to this organization. No one of any great consequence anyway, not even FoxNews. So it's no surprise TEA Party in Space is unknown to the general public.
There is a video interview of TPiS founder Andrew Gasser on the Moon and Back website, but like TEA Party in Space, “moonandback.com” is an obscure organization primarily devoted to space tourism. They have a very interesting web site and I would encourage everyone to look it over.
This is America and anyone is free to start his or her own organizations. In fact our national zeitgeist encourages entrepreneurship so I have no ill will towards TPiS or moonandback.com and wish them well. TPiS is probably trying to do something for the common good. Our philosophies are different and therefore our ideas on how to explore space differ, but like many people TPiS sees a place for space exploration in our nation's future. That isn't a bad thing by any stretch, but it is silly to align yourself with a political party that has a specific political agenda and then call yourself “non-partisan.”
So I pointed out on the TPiS Facebook fan page, that their claim, “We are a non-partisan political organization,” is factually incorrect because by aligning themselves with an existing political entity, the Tea Party (such as it is), they are subscribing and aligning themselves with a particular political, and therefore partisan, philosophy. Their thinking is that since they praise both the Democrats and Republicans alike for legislation TPiS considers favorable to their cause, they are “non-partisan.” Well no, it doesn't, but it does indicate they are open-minded.
Tea Party in Space claims to reach out to all parties, Democrat, Republican and Independent alike, but as we have seen over the past four years the Tea Party is inextricably aligned with (and part of) the Republican Party. It is the Tea Party that has dragged the GOP even further to the right than it was when the NeoCons were in control.
There was a terse reply to my, I admit, sarcastic and accusatory comment. The founder, Andrew Gasser, asked some questions, pulling out all the acronyms he could think of in relation to space exploration, but I couldn't reply! They had blocked me from posting comments on their page. So I sent him a private message and learned something new: we can charge people money to send these private messages on Facebook. Gasser wanted me to pay one dollar to send the message to the inbox he looks at, or I could take my chances on the free message. I decided to take my chances.
One of the traits of people who want you to think they know what they are talking about is to use acronyms as if these are terms that are common knowledge in the general public. They expect you to know, or figure out for yourself, what the terms mean. Acronyms like “ITAR,” CCDev 2,” “SLS” and “JWST.” It's a cheap form of intimidation.
Just for the record: “ITAR” is the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, CCDev 2 is for Commercial Crew Development and the “2” is for the second phase, “SLS” is of course for Space launch System and “JWST” is for the James Webb Space Telescope, an exciting project that will pick up where the Hubble Telescope leaves off.
Gasser also mentioned ICAP, which stands for the International Carbon Action Partnership, the basis for Cap and Trade. Can't imagine TPiS is pro-ICAP.
Anyway, Gasser's spurt of acronyms was supposed to be evidence of their non-partisan efforts. OK, they reach out beyond the Tea Party. But TPiS is a Tea Party group and therefore partisan. As they say on their “Core Values” page, “Espousing TEA Party ideals and American exceptionalism only reinforces to us that we are on the correct path.” As we've witnessed over the past four years, the Tea Party has very partisan views. And I'm OK with that, just be honest with yourself about it.
I do have to admit to one error on my part: in my initial message to the TEA Party in Space Facebook page I said their use of the Star Wars font was entertaining. That was incorrect. TPiS informed me the top font is the old NASA font and the bottom is from Star Trek. My apologies. All those space fonts look alike to me.
On a conciliatory note: any efforts by TPiS to encourage space exploration by our government should be welcomed. There's no doubt that government and the private sector will be partners in space exploration as time goes on, but that's where our agreements end. Maybe one day we will have colonies on the Moon and Mars, but my hope is that they will be international settlements, like the International Space Station.
Good luck in the future, TPiS. Live long and prosper.
We're excited to announce that Cymatic Bruce, the legendary VR Vlogger and Emcee of the Silicon Valley Virtual Reality meetup (SVVR), is partnering with Road to VR.
“Face of VR” Joins Road to VR
Hot on the heels of our recent news that Reverend Kyle was joining us here at Road to VR, another VR community heavyweight has agreed to bring his unique talents to the Road to VR website.
Those of you who have been part of the VR community for some time will of course recognise the name. Cymatic Bruce has been serving his video musings on virtual reality to the world since the birth of the Oculus Rift. He's renowned for his honest, informative but above all enthusiastic YouTube reports on everything VR. Having produced countless videos championing everything from early developer concepts to commercial releases, his easy going style has helped introduce VR to the masses.
Here's an excerpt from his Bio:
Based in Silicon Valley, Bruce has been a gaming and science geek for as long as he can remember. Gaming has always been near the center of both his personal and professional lives, from playing blackjack on the Fairchild Channel F to writing video game design curriculum for summer campers today. Bruce was captivated by VR in his teens due to his love of science fiction books, movies, and TV shows. The reemergence of VR via the Oculus Rift inspired him to jump back into game development and share his progress with the world. That decision has spiraled into a position as a VR Evangelist and community organizer, earning him the nickname “Face of VR.” Bruce hopes to inspire a generation of VR developers through publishing videos, broadcasting live streams, and co-organizing meetups like Silicon Valley Virtual Reality. Partnered with Road to VR, Bruce will continue to bring quality media content on the latest VR experiences. He looks forward to sharing his enthusiasm with Road to VR readers as this revolutionary industry matures and blossoms.
We're very happy to welcome Bruce to the team and very much look forward to seeing what VR Experiments he brings to the site.
The ‘VR Collective' Is Assembled
We've said many times now that 2014 is shaping up to be a make or break year for Virtual Reality. Over the last 18 months we've seen interest in the technology explode and with it the volume of news. The Road to VR team is now 6 strong with each team member bringing a unique perspective on the happenings in this rapidly expanding, fledgling industry.
So whatever this year has to throw our way, if it's VR related we've got the best team to cover it. Bring it on 2014!
Niantic Labs just can't help itself.
Apart from being incapable of communicating with its community, which is just one of five reasons why Pokémon GO sucks right now, Niantic—or perhaps just Niantic's corporate overlords—has released a pitiful, feature-removing update for the game that is making no one happy.
The game's Nearby feature, which is meant to give players a radar of what Pokémon are in the area and approximately how far away they are, has become a shell of its former self. What worked properly during the first week of the game's release has since then been plagued by a bug that marks every Pokémon near the player as being three steps away. This piece of intentionally broken code was meant to reduce server load, but it still hasn't been fixed.
ALSO READ: Niantic Finally Releases Statement
And now, Niantic has removed the three-step bug altogether and replaced it with, well, nothing. Instead, all you see is the Pokémon who are nearby. You have no clue where they are, how far away they are, and what the point of it all is unless you want to play Pokémon Go Wander Aimlessly or Pokémon Go Sit Near a Pokéstop. The Nearby feature has now regrettably become a tracker of all the Pokémon that you'll probably never find.
Remember when no steps were a good thing?
To play devil's advocate, are they doing this so that new players aren't confused about the three-step bug? Or is the tracker never returning? No one knows the answer, because Niantic isn't communicating anything about it.
To make matters worse, Niantic has changed its code so that third-party apps like Pokévision and Poké Live, which show the location of Pokémon in your area and how much time you have to catch it, no longer function. Sure, these apps are sort of cheating, but they actually make players walk somewhere instead of sitting at at Pokéstop and that's been one of the only things keeping players going while the Nearby tracker is useless.
Instead of fixing the game's own tracker, or aggressively shutting down GPS spoofers who trick the servers into where their location actually is and have taken over gyms as a result, they decide to break user-made trackers made by other devs and fans. Is Niantic dismantling a popular mod because it's cheating or because it's embarrassing?
As Yang C Liu, one of the creators of Pokévision, stated in a Tweet:
You don't invent Marco Polo, get 80M players to join, then remove the Polo part and expect people to keep playing.
R.I.P. Pokévision, aka "The Tracker That Should Have Been in the Game"
Even worse than all this is that Niantic has reduced the player's scanning radius from 100 meters to 70 meters. This effectively means that, using elementary math, the scanning area has been reduced by half. If Niantic wanted to penalize players for going places, they've done a fine job.
Oh, and let's not forget to mention that the experience you would have earned for Great (+50XP) and Excellent (+100XP) throws no longer exist. If anyone deserves experience points, it's someone who gets an Excellent throw which I've only gotten twice out of what must be at least 2,500 throws. Now, all those expertly thrown Poké Balls don't mean crap anymore. Yes, because what Pokémon Go needs is less gameplay.
It's downright heartbreaking to see Pokémon Go slowly die by a thousand cuts… from its own creator. Niantic is losing its community fast, to the point that by the time they fix the game, it may already be dead. Niantic, stop leaving your Charmander in the rain. No one wants to go to a Charmander funeral.
Pac-12's tough schedule comes with a price
The Pac-12 wants to supplant the SEC as the self-proclaimed “toughest conference in college football.”
It's nearly mission accomplished, but — as in most endeavors — be careful what you wish for.
By picking off five of Cal quarterback Jared Goff's passes, Utah survived the matchup of the remaining Pac-12 unbeatens in a 30-24 nail-biter Saturday night. Although the Utes (5-0) are the highest-ranked Pac-12 team with a 2-0 conference record, they have yet to play an opponent in the Pac-12 South, considered by many to be one of the toughest divisions in college football.
For now, Utah deserves its place in the top five, and that season-opening win over Michigan is looking better every week. But will the Utes survive a gantlet that includes USC, UCLA and Arizona State? And if not, what does that leave the Pac-12?
Commissioner Larry Scott, who attended the Cal-Utah game in Salt Lake City, sounded very concerned. In fact, he didn't hold back in attacking the scheduling disparity among Power 5 conferences.
“There's always going to be differences between conferences in terms of strength of schedule,” Scott told reporters at the game. “I think that would be a big step forward for college football if every conference had to play nine conference games, play at least one marquee nonconference game and have a conference-championship game. It'd be great if we could mandate that, but that's not the way the governance works right now.”
LSU's Heisman-esque Leonard Fournette ran for 158 yards Saturday — a season low. LSU's Heisman-esque Leonard Fournette ran for 158 yards Saturday — a season low. Photo: Jonathan Bachman, Associated Press Photo: Jonathan Bachman, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Pac-12's tough schedule comes with a price 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
As it is now, the Pac-12 and Big 12 are the only conferences that play nine conference games, and the Big 12 doesn't have a conference-title game. The Big Ten is moving to nine conference games next season, but the ACC and SEC are sticking to their eight-game conference schedules. Not only that, but every ACC and SEC team is playing at least one FCS opponent this season, a practice those conferences are not going to end anytime soon. For its part, the Big Ten has mandated that its members play only FBS opponents going forward.
Unless the playoff selection committee severely punishes teams for their nonconference schedules, these glorified scrimmages are going to continue for obvious reasons. For top-end teams such as Alabama, LSU and Florida State, they effectively shorten the regular season to nine or 10 games; for lower-tier teams, they make it easier to reach the six-win threshold to be bowl eligible.
Most Pac-12 teams play at least one Power 5 nonconference opponent every season (only Colorado and Arizona won't this season), and USC and UCLA (along with Notre Dame) have never scheduled an FCS team. But with preseason favorites USC and Oregon already out of the playoff picture, will the committee pick a surprise Pac-12 champion with one or even two conference losses for the four-team playoff?
Scott is already lobbying.
“Certainly, this season there's no champion that will emerge from conference with a tougher pathway than what we've got.”
He hopes the committee agrees.
The Heisman race is over
The biggest upset of the weekend — aside from Texas shocking Oklahoma at the Cotton Bowl — was that Leonard Fournette did not rush for 200 yards. LSU's sensational sophomore running back ran for a season-low 158 yards on 20 carries, playing only three quarters in the Tigers' 45-24 rout of South Carolina.
The reality is that Fournette, who eclipsed the 1,000-yard mark in five games, is going to win the Heisman Trophy (barring injury, of course). The only other player who's still faintly in the race is TCU quarterback Trevone Boykin, who continues to put up video-game like numbers out of necessity.
Game of the Week
TCU 52, Kansas State 45: The once-vaunted TCU defense was shredded once again, giving up at least 37 points for the third time this season. The Frogs had to rally from a 35-17 halftime deficit and overcome an 11-point deficit in the fourth quarter to pull out the victory in Manhattan. Boykin passed for 301 yards and ran for an additional 124. He connected with Josh Doctson on a 55-yard strike with 1:10 to play to run TCU's record to 6-0.
Player of the Week
Michigan defense: We're awarding this to an entire unit, under the charge of defensive coordinator D.J. Durkin, who deserves a mountain of credit in Jim Harbaugh's fast turnaround job in Ann Arbor. The Wolverines' defense pitched its third consecutive shutout in a 38-0 demolition of Northwestern. It's the first time Michigan has shut out three straight opponents since 1980. The nation's top defensive unit has not allowed a score in its opponents' past 41 possessions.
What's next
Michigan State might be ranked higher in the polls, but Michigan is favored in a matchup at the Big House between in-state rivals. The Spartans have won six of the past seven meetings, but you get the feeling the worm has turned. ... Down South, Fournette and gang host Florida, also turned around ahead of schedule under Jim McElwain, in a game between SEC unbeatens.
Samuel Chi is the managing editor of RealClearSports.com. Twitter: @ThePlayoffGuru
AP Top 25
Rec. Pts Pv 1. Ohio State (27) 6-0 1,411 1 2. Baylor (13) 5-0 1,390 3 3. TCU (3) 6-0 1,354 2 4. Utah (16) 5-0 1,350 5 5. Clemson (1) 5-0 1,260 6 6. LSU 5-0 1,231 7 7. Michigan State 6-0 1,139 4 8. Florida 6-0 1,075 11 9. Texas A&M (1) 5-0 1,046 9 10. Alabama 5-1 1,034 8 11. Florida State 5-0 937 12 12. Michigan 5-1 894 18 13. Mississippi 5-1 803 14 14. Notre Dame 5-1 766 15 15. Stanford 4-1 662 16 16. Oklahoma St. 6-0 614 21 17. Iowa 6-0 520 22 18. UCLA 4-1 487 20 19. Oklahoma 4-1 342 10 20. Northwestern 5-1 317 13 21. Boise State 5-1 260 25 22. Toledo 5-0 237 24 23. Cal 5-1 204 23 24. Houston 5-0 121 NR 25. Duke 5-1 114 NR
Others receiving votes: Temple 96, Memphis 59, Arizona St. 27, Mississippi St. 19, Georgia 16, Texas Tech 10, BYU 8, Southern Cal 5, W. Kentucky 5, Kentucky 4, Penn St. 4, Navy 3, North Carolina 1.
Their cleats were caked in mud. Their uniforms were soaked. Water streamed from the bills of their caps. China Basin was flooding, and the Giants kept playing ball like a bunch of kids on a sandlot, ignoring their moms' wishes to come home for supper.
Despite a rainstorm for the ages, the umpires had no desire to postpone Game 7 of the National League Championship Series. Not with two outs in the ninth inning and the Giants cruising 9-0 over the Cardinals.
As manager Bruce Bochy summoned reliever Sergio Romo to replace Javier Lopez, the grounds crew rushed onto the field with rakes and bags of sand in a feeble attempt to make the field remotely playable.
At that moment, Fox showed second baseman Marco Scutaro looking up to the skies, lifting both arms and opening his mouth to taste the rain - shortly before he caught Matt Holliday's game-ending popup and tasted the Champagne.
As the Giants return to the scene of their soggy celebration for their 2013 home opener Friday, we hear from all eight position players who were on the field awaiting the conclusion of that muddy ninth.
They were asked a simple question: What were you thinking?
Scutaro: "I spent four years in Oakland, and I never saw rain like that in the Bay Area. All of a sudden, it just started pouring. At that special moment, one out away from the World Series, all you see is rain. I looked up and was, like, wow, somebody's sending us a message. I never played in a situation like that before in the big leagues. If he hit a groundball to me, I don't think the ball would've made it. Your mind's running pretty fast. Getting to play in the World Series. Having the opportunity not too many guys experience. I mean, it's a dream come true. That's what you work for all your life. It's something that takes a while to swallow."
Catcher Buster Posey: "Honestly, with all the rain coming down, I was just hoping Romo was going to be able to throw strikes. Is a slider a pitch that can be thrown right now with the ball being slick? Or do we try to stick with heaters? Romo made the adjustment, took a little bit off it and didn't try to throw as hard as he normally does. I was glad the ball was popped up. It would've been pretty interesting to see what would've happened if the ball was hit on the ground. I had been in San Fran for three years and never had seen rain like that. Guys were soaking wet but enjoying every minute of it."
Shortstop Brandon Crawford: "If I was in Little League and it would've rained like that, the game would've been canceled. We were playing in the mud and getting all wet, and it didn't matter. The whole infield was a puddle. I was kind of happy a groundball didn't come to me because I don't know if I could've gotten to it. It was only fitting Holliday was the hitter and the ball went to Marco."
Left fielder Gregor Blanco: "We see scenes like that in movies but not in real life. That's what you play for. Those moments. Those moments change baseball, and they change your life. You never see those situations. When it starts raining like that, umpires stop the game, but they kept it going. I never dreamed of that happening. I was saying, 'Please, God, just give us a little more time that we need to finish the game and accomplish what we want.' "
Right fielder Hunter Pence: "I was kind of doing the same as Marco. Looking up, you adjust your eyes to see a flyball. I was just enjoying the moment. It was fun to hear the fans cheer the rain as it came down. Whether they call it or continue to play, you're excited because you're really close to getting to the World Series. An unbelievable moment, complete happiness."
First baseman Brandon Belt: "It was more like backyard baseball. Just go out there and play no matter what the weather is. To see puddles on the field, it was weird, but it was kind of fun to finish a game off in pouring rain. I was thinking, 'Let's get this last out because something weird could happen.' "
Third baseman Joaquin Arias: "I think it was very awkward that it was raining, but it was a blessing from God. I talked to the third-base umpire, and he said he wasn't stopping that game. That game had to be finished."
Center fielder Angel Pagan: "I know the world championship was great in Detroit, but there was something special about that day - just getting there, the rain, how hard we battled the last couple of series, including that one. That was our reward for the work we put in together as brothers, as a great group of guys. I think that was just a gift from God, to finish up that way. We took it as a gift. If they hit a ball to me, I was like, 'Please, God, let me see it.' I was looking up, and I could barely see. Thankfully, they hit it to Scutaro, and he can see through the night, he can see everywhere. He caught it, and it was beautiful."
Opening Day The Giants will raise the World Series championship flag before their home opener against the Cardinals on Friday. The team also tweeted that a "top secret" special guest will throw out the first pitch. A schedule for the day: 11:05 a.m.: AT&T Park gates open 12:35 p.m.: Flag ceremonies begin 1:35 p.m.: First pitch (Barry Zito vs. the Cardinals)
San Francisco Chronicle staff writers Ron Kroichick and Henry Schulman contributed to this report. John Shea is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jshea@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JohnSheaHey
At a Monday campaign event in Columbus, Ohio, Donald Trump teed up for a potential challenge to the integrity of the fall general election, an escalation of his rhetoric about the “rigged” primary system.
“I'm afraid the election's gonna be rigged, I have to be honest,” Trump told the crowd.
While Trump has often questioned the integrity of the primary contests in both parties, his newest remarks seemed to begin laying groundwork for him to contest the Nov. 8 election results.
It was a line of attack that longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone pushed on a podcast with Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos that was posted online Friday. Stone suggested voter fraud is “widespread” and said if Hillary Clinton wins a state like Florida after polls show Trump in the lead, the election would be “illegitimate.”
“If there's voter fraud, this election will be illegitimate, the election of the winner will be illegitimate, we will have a constitutional crisis, widespread civil disobedience, and the government will no longer be the government,” Stone said. He also promised a “bloodbath” if the Democrats attempt to “steal” the election.
Voter fraud is so statistically rare as to be virtually nonexistent, data has shown.
YEREVAN, JANUARY 25, ARMENPRESS. “National Front” party leader Marine Le Pen supports France's getting out from the Eurozone and having its own currency, she told Europe 1 radio, reports TASS.
“I support economic patriotism, but for that it is necessary to question a whole set of EU rules”, she said, adding that if she wins in the French presidential election, she will immediately start implementing the “program of four sovereignties” by initiating a number of talks with the European Union.
“First of all, it is the territorial sovereignty in order to protect the country from migrant flows, in particularly, to revise the Schengen Agreement. But also, it is an economic-budgetary and monetary sovereignty. And, of course, the legislative sovereignty”, she said.
“Monetary sovereignty means creation of France's own national currency. The Euro currency system ends in collapse. This now is stated by at least 140 economists”, she said.
“The Euro in the EU countries has led to sharp increase in prices, decline in the purchasing power of the people. But first of all, the Euro became a strong obstacle by reducing the competitiveness of the production of the EU states”, she said.
Results
Conclusions
Credits / Shoutouts
References
Spreadsheet Link
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RMvtdrUMqzmVUjNoUAtYruGwaBxtUu1_IqKHRmOnCBo/edit?usp=sharing
Final Words
| By
It was an incredibly boring October afternoon, when a certain Dutchman's fingers double-clicked a TF2 icon for the first time. At exactly 17:29:36 GMT, this handsome Dutchman unknowingly set himself onto a path that will lead him through various pub experiences, gaming communities, personal projects and much more. We caught the Dutchman during what little free time he has, and asked him a few questions about absolutely everything.
RD: As you are an old Team Fortress 2 veteran, it's a safe bet that a lot of newer players don't know about your first TF2 steps. When did you start playing competitive? Who or what got you interested in it?
A: I stumbled on TF2 as part of the Orange Box that I bought for Portal to see what all the fuss was about with the cake. Found a nice Dutch public server called Gathering of Tweakers, who also had a bunch of competitive teams at the time. Played with them in Division 3 of ETF2L's Season 3. That was so much fun that I also trialed for the Dutch national team, got selected to play there amongst such legends as Exfane and Demourge, who were already in FakkelBrigade at the time. Switched to that clan and rode the roster all the way up to Premiership when it was still called Division 1.
RD: What made you stop playing? Did the taste of Premiership satisfy your competitive needs or did “real life” finally took over?
A: Stopped playing in season 9 as the team got too good for me and I could no longer put in 4-5 nights of training per week after buying a house.
Clearly everyone in The Netherlands lives in a windmill!
RD: Your loyalty to FakkelBrigade can only be compared to the Dutch loyalty to their King, but despite not playing actively, you are still very active in the TF2 community. Your biggest project is serveme.tf, a free of charge TF2 server renting website, and one of the biggest community projects in TF2 worldwide. Where is all this love to the community coming from? What made you stick with TF2 for so long, ten seasons after your last competitive match?
A: FakkelBrigade originally rented a server to run a private Mumble and warservers. But we soon realised we could run a public Mumble, and had spare capacity for warservers and STV relays that we let people borrow. When FB ultimately folded I didn't want to let all that die and I still used that server myself, so I continued renting it. People still occasionally asked to borrow warservers, but it was always a hassle: setting rcons, sending logs and demos after the match. So that's why serveme.tf was made, a convenient way to lend out the 4 former FB warservers. The site quickly took off and thanks to a bunch of great community members (hi TC!) there are now over 60 rentable servers in the EU+NA. The TF2 community is just great and that's why it's fun to run these kinds of projects. People really appreciate it and help new projects grow and improve, that's ultimately why I still try and make comp TF2 grow despite not having played a real match in years.
More than 89 000 reservations so far prove the level of quality that project has.
RD: In the latest Fully Charged: Europe WARUHYEAH had an interesting remark in which he pointed out how TF2 seems to be at the point now where community has all the tools that it could ask for (logs.tf,serveme.tf,new spectator plugin etc) to create high quality content and really get EU TF2 going – but the quality of games somehow gets weaker. What do you think of the current situation in Team Fortress 2? Is the game really slowly dying or are we talking about temporary bad map/unlock policy coming from admins, incoming summer and other possible reasons?
A: Summer has always been the low point of EU TF2, I'm not too worried. In general, I think the quality of teams and players has gone up right until i49 or S16 finals maybe. The coordination, team-play and individual skill were in my opinion better than that of Dignitas in it's glory days. The current premiership is not at that level, and might not be for a while, if ever, but the newer players and teams that stick together for the season will be much better in week 7 than week 1.
RD: Talking about former glory, rumours are spreading that VanillaTF2/VanillaTV is slowly waking up. As you are one of the very few contributors to Vanilla lately, can you confirm/deny that rumour? Will you guys cover summer LAN?
A: Well there's VanillaTF2 the blog, which runs totally on community posts. It's not doing too well, just the occasional awesome stats article by Gentleman Jon keeping it on life support. There's also VanillaTV, the casting organisation, it also wasn't doing too well after i49. i49 was such an amazing event for us, with Lange and Sal coming over and helping us to make it such a great show. After that people just kinda burned out I guess. At the same time Jon1155 and others over at TF.TV really stepped up their coverage, especially for Season 17. Casting pretty much every game, most with Mumble comms, live stats and great production, so there wasn't much will to bring it out of hibernation. But I guess some of us missed it enough to give it another go this ETF2L season.
Regarding i52, I don't think it should be the VanillaTV show again, that wouldn't make much sense considering the effort put in by TF.TV after i49. I hope we can get a bunch of people of different orgs and continents to come over and make it a great production. Ozzie, Yankee and Euro teams + casters please! Also: VanillaTF2, there's a “Write an article” link at the top, anyone with a steam account can submit one, go for it!
RD: Now before we end this little interview, I would like to ask you some fast paced questions made by a certain smart Frenchman called Bernard Pivot. Answer carefully! :D
1. What is your favourite word?
Donation. Both giving and receiving :D
2. What is your least favourite word?
Ddos.
3. What turns you on creatively, spiritually or emotionally?
Programming, creating something cool from nothing, especially if people become enthusiastic users of what you made.
4. What turns you off?
Internet drama over vidya games, seeing people put each other down over dumb stuff, or getting stupidly involved myself.
5. What is your favourite curse word?
Anything disease related, stereotypical Dutchman.
6. What sound or noise do you love?
The sound of pulling a cork from a whisky bottle.
7. What sound or noise do you hate?
Partying neighbors at 2 AM on a weekday.
8. What profession other than your own would you like to attempt?
Fighter pilot.
9. What profession would you not like to do?
Any profession focusing on personal problems.
10. If Heaven exists, what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the Pearly Gates?
We apologise for the inconvenience.
RD: That's it Arie, a big thank you for being the second victim of our up-and-coming interview series. Any last second shoutouts?
A: Shoutout to Lange, please come over again baby!
Pain, But No Regrets: A Father Remembers His Adopted Son
Enlarge this image toggle caption StoryCorps StoryCorps
In the 1960s in California, the state wanted children to be adopted into two-parent homes. But officials were having trouble placing hundreds of children, especially older boys.
Bill Jones, a gay man living in San Francisco, had always wanted to be a father. He decided to apply.
"They were looking for somebody with family in the area and I had family in the area," Jones told his friend Stu Maddux, on a recent visit to StoryCorps. "They were looking for somebody that had some contact with children. I had been a schoolteacher for six years."
The process was not seamless though. And it involved a certain amount of "don't ask, don't tell."
"A wonderful social worker set me up with an interview," Jones said. "She looked up at the ceiling and she said, 'You know, I think homosexuals would make very good parents. But if I was told that, the committee would be obligated not to make the placement. So I hope that if a homosexual ever wants to adopt, they don't tell me.' "
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Bill Jones Courtesy of Bill Jones
Jones adopted a little boy named Aaron, and it was clear from the beginning that this would not be easy.
"He was darling, but he had been turned down by about five couples," Jones explained. "His mother was a heroin addict. When she gave birth to him, he went through withdrawal himself. And by about two years old, he knew no words at all."
At first, Jones too turned him down. But then he changed his mind.
"You know, children know when they've been rejected. So, I found myself down at FAO Schwarz. I had bought a teddy bear. I went back to the adoption agency and I said, 'I want to give a present to that kid.' Aaron heard my voice and came running across the room and threw his arms around my legs. And I just cried."
The adoption was finalized on Feb. 13, 1969, so Valentine's Day became the time when they celebrated the anniversary. Things would become more difficult though. Jones learned that his son was schizophrenic.
"Every day was a struggle with him," Jones said. "Except that he was a loving, sweet person."
When Aaron was 30, he died of a heroin overdose. Jones still struggles with the loss. But when his friend Stu Maddux asked if he had any regrets about the adoption, Jones said he did not.
"I still cry over the ending. But ... I would do it again. I loved him so much, and he loved me, too. And so, I was lucky in so many ways."
Produced for Morning Edition by Allison Davis.
StoryCorps is a national nonprofit that gives people the chance to interview friends and loved ones about their lives. These conversations are archived at the American Folklife Center at the Library of Congress, allowing participants to leave a legacy for future generations. Learn more, including how to interview someone in your life, at StoryCorps.org.
By James M. Dorsey
Israel is struggling with how to deal with groups some of which are underground that are linked to a banned nationalist political party that has emerged at the core of recent racist, anti-Palestinian incidents and include a militant soccer fan group that was responsible for last month's violent clashes during a Europa League qualifier in Belgium between Israeli club Beitar Jerusalem and Charleloi SC.
Two government investigations of Beitar and La Familia, its notorious fan group that openly supports Kach, the banned party founded by Meir Kahane, an extremist rabbi who was assassinated in 1990, took on added significance after Israel's internal security service, Sherut Ha'Bitachon Ha'Klali or General Security Service (Shin Bet), this week said it had no grounds to ban another Kach support group, Lechava, as a terrorist organization.
Shin Beit's decision and the investigations have moved centre stage amid recent racist and discriminatory attacks such as the firebombing of a Palestinian home that killed an 18 year-old baby and critically wounded his parents and four year-old brother as well as the stabbing of participants in a gay parade by an ultra-religious repeat offender as well as allegations that Israel discriminates against its dark-skinned Jewish citizens, particularly those who trace their roots to the Horn of Africa.
Israel responded to the firebombing by authorizing Shin Bet to employ “special interrogation methods” in cases of Jewish perpetrators of political violence that until now were generally reserved for Palestinian detainees and by allowing Jewish suspects to be put into administrative detention without trial, another punitive measure that in the past was largely applied to Palestinians.
Israeli leaders have condemned the firebombing as an act of terrorism and are keen to stop elements of the underground from threatening the fabric of Israeli society by escalating Israeli-Palestinian tensions.
Israel also wants to ensure that racist incidents don't pour grist on the mill of the growing boycott, divestment and sanctions movement that seeks to isolate Israel internationally or revive efforts by the Palestine Football Association (PFA) to get world soccer body FIFA to suspend Israel's membership in part on the grounds of racism.
While FIFA, enmeshed in a major corruption scandal, has larger fish to fry, it agreed in May to establish a committee to monitor Israeli progress in addressing Palestinian concerns in exchange for the Palestine Football Association dropping its suspension demand. The committee is supposed to regularly report back to FIFA's executive committee.
Israel's success in defeating the PFA effort is instructive in judging its overall effort to combat racism as well as resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. When the chips were down, Israel proved that it could muster the political will to take steps it had earlier rejected on security grounds.
In talks with FIFA president Sepp Blatter in May, Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu proposed giving Palestinian players special identity cards and placing special sports liaison officials at crossings between Palestinian areas and those under Israeli control to ease movement. He further suggested a special escort service between Gaza and the West Bank to allow players to cross between the two territories that are separated by Israeli territory.
A visit this week to Gaza by a West Bank team constitutes the first time Israel has allowed the passage for a competition match in 15 years. It appears to be an Israeli step towards implementation of Mr. Netanyahu's promises. A further indication will be whether the Gaza team, Al Shejaia, will be allowed to travel to the West Bank for the return Palestine Cup match on Sunday against Hebron's Al Ahli. The winner would play in the next Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Cup.
The Gaza match was originally scheduled for Monday but was postponed until Thursday because Israel had, according to the PFA, blocked Al Ahli's travel. Palestinian officials said that if Israel indeed followed through on Mr. Netanyahu's promises, it could lead to reunification of the Palestinian league.
While soccer racism was not raised by Mr. Batter at the time, the two Beitar and La Familia-related investigations could also be part of the Israeli effort. The investigations potentially suggest that Israel will seriously tackle racist soccer fans.
The IFA, the only Middle Eastern soccer association that at least nominally has an anti-racism project, has until now done little more than slapped Beitar's wrists for refusing to hire Palestinians who rank among Israel's top players or discipline its militant fan base.
La Familia regularly raises the Kach flag, most recently in the last month's incident in Belgium where it fluttered next to the Israeli flag. The incident sparked outrage in Israel because it tarnished the Jewish state's image. Kach was banned in 1994 after it endorsed the killing of 29 Palestinian worshippers in the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron by a member of the Jewish Defense League, a Kach predecessor.
Earlier this week, Shin Bet arrested and put into administrative detention, Meir Ettinger, the 24 year-old grandson of Rabbi Kahane. Mr. Ettinger, believed to be a leader of a Kach-related radical settler youth underground, has denied allegations that he was responsible for the torching last month of the landmark Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes on the Sea of Galilee.
“The truth must be told – there is no terror organization, but there are a whole lot of Jews, a lot more than people think, whose value-system is completely different than that of the High Court or the Shin Bet, and who are not bound by the laws of the state, but by much more eternal laws, true laws,” Mr. Ettinger wrote in a blog post days before his arrest.
In a manifesto in 2013, Mr. Ettinger declared that “the idea of the rebellion is very simple. Israel has many weak points, many issues which it handles by walking on eggshells so as to not attract attention. What we're going to do is simply fire up these powder kegs. The aim is to bring down the state, to bring down its structure and its ability to control, and to build a new system. To do it, we must act outside the rules of the state we seek to bring down… At the end of the day, the goal is to shake up the foundations of the state until we have a situation in which Jews must decide whether they are part of the revolution or part of the repression,” Mr. Ettinger wrote.
Last month, two members of Lechava were sentenced to prison for torching a school operated by Hand in Hand, an organization that operates schools attended by both Israeli Jewish and Israeli Palestinian students.
Israel has yet to make any arrests related to this week's firebombing of the Palestinian home. Mr. Ettinger's youth group, believed to be made up of adolescent offspring of Jewish settlers on the West Bank, is suspected of responsibility for the attack.
“Every society has its radical fringes. But today we need to ask ourselves: What is it in the public atmosphere that allows extremism and extremists to walk freely in broad daylight?” Israeli President Reuven Rivlin asked at a rally to denounce the firebombing.
Writing in Al-Monitor, Israeli journalist Shlomo Eldar noted that the attack had been “made possible by the ineptness of the Israeli law enforcement agencies in the (occupied) territories as well as the patent and outright discrimination against Palestinians in favour of the settlers.”
How the government handles not only of the underground but also other militant anti-Palestinian groups like Beitar Jerusalem's La Familia will serve as an indication of whether the firebombing and the soccer brawl in Belgium constitute Israel's wake-up call.
My snack exchange arrived today and once I saw the size of the box I knew I hit the jackpot! Thank you to my secret santa who did an amazing job in hitting this one out of the park!
After my security team checked the box to make sure everything was cool; actually what the hell am I saying they're cats and it's a box so of course they approved.
Inside my glorious box of diabeetus I found two sweet gummy mustaches which is great because my wife will get to be twice as jealous that she didn't sign up for the exchange!
I also received the best and only good part of lucky charms; the marshmallows!
Toss in a tub of not just any ordinary cotton candy but cotton candy infused with POP ROCKS!!!
Finally, I can tell how amazing the last item is going to taste based simply on the fact I can smell the cherry goodness through the plastic wrap and it is a bonus that it is a gigantic gummy bear on a stick.
Again thank you to my secret santa! I'm sorry if you did include your reddit username on the billing info and I'm just missing it but meh you did an amazing job!
It's down to the final three on The Apprentice and vegetarian Brandy Kuentzel has survived Donald Trump‘s ax by winning challenges and demonstrating her business expertise. Vegetarian Star was fortunate to get an exclusive interview with Brandy to learn about her motivations behind going vegetarian, her work with animal welfare and her idea of the ultimate green job.
Did your vegetarian diet come up at any time during The Apprentice, either among the contestants or the show's staff?
I think that any time you make an effort to ask where you food comes from (whether that's refraining from eating factory-farmed meat, eating vegetarian or vegan fare, not buying products that are tested on animals, etc.), it sparks conversation. Simple everyday choices can make you an advocate for animals. This certainly was the case while filming The Apprentice. I was pleasantly surprised by how accommodating The Apprentice film crew was of my dietary preferences. Since vegetarian food had to be brought in for me, others also ended up choosing the (often healthier) vegetarian option. Of course, some cast members did not consider it a “real” meal unless meat was involved. C'est la vie.
Describe some of your experiences working with animals or animal welfare issues.
I've personally volunteered at animal shelters for nearly a decade, and I currently volunteer each week at the SFSPCA. You can also find me at the SFSPCA/Macy's holiday windows in San Francisco this December. For those individuals looking to get more involved, the HSUS offers amazing seminars on animal advocacy…and, of course, don't forget to vote!
If you had the opportunity to be “hired” for the ultimate green job, what would it be?
If I could really shoot for the moon, my ultimate green job would be to host a television show with my best friend showcasing our common passion: ethical, conscientious eating prepared to perfection. By showcasing innovative restaurants, family farms, dairies, markets, orchards, vineyards, breweries and artisanal shops, the show would educate the consumer and provide realistic options for dining anywhere along the meat-eating spectrum. I think that consumers want to learn how to eat with the seasons, how to enjoy the perfect humane cheese and how to grow herb gardens in 600 square foot apartments. Urban homesteading and conscientious eating is not just a fad – it's at our roots. If The Universe delivers on this wish, I guarantee that our lemon-carrot soup would bring all the boys to the yard.
Let's talk about environmentally friendly business practices. How do you view a company's responsibility to go green and what roles do you think eco-friendly businesses are playing in this current economy?
Ha, how about small government…except when it comes to animals and/or the environment? Just kidding, I realize eco-friendly business issues are varied and complicated. Let's just say that innovation and sustainability are important issues in my mind, and I am fortunate to live in California, a state that I am hoping is on the forefront of a green revolution.
What made you decide to go vegetarian? How long have you been vegetarian? Do you think you could ever go vegan?
I became a vegetarian while in law school, at a time in my life when I was asking a lot of questions. I've never been the overly preachy vegetarian – I understand that we all have issues that speak to us as individuals, and I've certainly rolled my eyes while at Whole Foods a time or two. For me, it's more about raising awareness and starting conversations. For example, if my boyfriend researches exactly where the meat that he is eating comes from and makes conscientious purchases (which he does…awesome), it's a big win in my book.
I admire the dedication behind veganism. I've contemplated going vegan for years, but it's tough. Instead, I buy eggs from a local farm where the chickens can roam free, I drink and eat soy products and I frequent restaurants that serve locally-sourced fare. For me, I basically just try to not be a jerk when I eat food.
Tofu, tempeh or seitan? Which one do you prefer and why?
Tofu all the way. It's inexpensive, readily available, and relatively tasty and I can cook with it. One step further, I think anyone who tries the black bean burger that I make doesn't even miss meat.
Do you have a favorite vegetarian celebrity? If so, who?
I'm behind anyone doing their part to advocate for animals. I think that Alicia Silverstone has done a great job of tastefully promoting the vegan lifestyle, and for a while, I couldn't put down Jonathan Safran Foer's latest book, Eating Animals.
Tell us more about your mobile cupcake business, Sweet Ride. How did you get into this? Does it offer any vegan, gluten-free or dairy-free cupcakes and does it plan to offer anything of this nature in the future?
In creating Sweet Ride, my business partner and best friend, Mandy, and I knew that great food could be found outside a traditional brick-and-mortar establishment and enjoyed without ceremony on a neighborhood sidewalk.
Interestingly, we very recently sold Sweet Ride to a wonderful woman who lives in Chicago. When selling the business, it was important to us to find someone who would carry on the more charitable and humane aspects of Sweet Ride. So, I'm excited to report that Sweet Ride will very soon be offering delicious (animal and eco-friendly) cupcakes to the residents of the Windy City! The vegan chocolate cupcake (if it will still be offered) is off the hook.
Speaking of Sweet Ride's “green” initiatives, they're quite impressive. I understand you sourced eggs from cage-free hens and used recyclable and biodegradable packaging. Were you able to transfer any of that eco-friendly passion into your work on The Apprentice, such as getting the other contestants to recycle more, try vegetarian food, etc.?
Thanks! Each morning Mandy and I used cage-free eggs and locally sourced ingredients to prepare by hand the treats offered on the truck for the day, and all of Sweet Ride's packaging is biodegradable and recyclable. Of course, the eggs and packaging are more expensive to purchase than other options available, but as longtime vegetarians and animal lovers, we could not in good conscience consider the alternatives. As our own boss, we were fortunate to be able to call the shots, and living in San Francisco's Bay Area made finding animal-friendly options relatively easy.
As far as The Apprentice is concerned, I think more impact has been made after my time during filming. For example, I'm now able to engage in a wonderful conversation with VegetarianStar.com.
Sweet Ride's website says you made dog cupcakes, “Pupcakes,” and donated money from the sales to organizations in the San Francisco Bay area dedicated to animal welfare. How did this idea come about?
Supporting the charitable organizations that make the Bay Area such a great place to live is a major perk of being a locally-owned small business. Once we thought to offer pupcakes, our customers were happy to help make a difference in the lives of animals. And let's be honest, if you're paying $3.00 for a gourmet cupcake, you probably can spare a dollar for a good cause.
Tune in this Thursday at 10/9c on NBC to see how Brandy fares in this week's competition.
Possibly Related Posts:
Hear the radio version of this story.
Some insurance companies in Tennessee are having to break bad news to their customers: Their rates are about to jump yet again.
Companies that offer insurance on the federally-run exchange recently filed requests with the state to increase how much they charge for monthly premiums. The largest insurer in the state — BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee — is also proposing the largest rate hike.
If the state approves BlueCross's request this summer, the monthly rate for its customers who buy insurance out-of-pocket would go up anywhere from 36 to 90 percent, or an average of 62 percent, according to the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance.
"We're not happy having to deliver this news to our members," says Mary Danielson, head of communications at BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee. "But we want to be as up front and notify them as far in advance as possible about the potential impact to them, because we realize it impacts their wallets and it impacts their lives."
This year, for the first time, the company sent out a long letter to all of the policyholders who would be affected — more than 200,000 people — before the rates have even been finalized. The letter doesn't specify how much the rates will go up but says, in an apologetic tone, that they will be "significantly higher."
"We don't want to raise rates, and we know this may be difficult for you," the letter reads, signed by the company's chief operating officer. "But we were forced with the tough decision of either increasing prices to cover costs or ending coverage in this market altogether."
The company's justification is this: Since 2014, under Obamacare, federal law has mandated that insurance companies accept everyone, even people with pre-existing conditions. So BlueCross says it got an influx of new customers but underestimated just how unhealthy Tennesseans are. It didn't charge enough to make up for their high medical costs, and it's been losing money and raising monthly premiums each year since.
"If we'd gotten individual market pricing right from the start, our rates for 2017 would've ultimately been in the same range as we're now proposing. The difference is consumers have benefited for three years from prices that didn't align with costs," BlueCross CEO J.D. Hickey wrote in an op-ed in the Tennessean last week.
This increase in cost only affects policyholders who buy coverage out-of-pocket or on the federally-run exchanges, as opposed to those who get health insurance through work or Medicare.
But this explanation doesn't appease Beth Downey, a web designer who got the letter in the mail last weekend. Her rate already went up almost $100 a month last year, she says, and she expects it will continue to rise at least that much.
"I just thought, what a colossal waste of time to even read this, because it's just a carefully worded marketing ploy," she says. "There's got to be a better way to stop the price-gouging by insurance companies."
Justin Mundie, a Nashville realtor, also saw his family's premiums increase last year. Still, he says he appreciates getting the early notification.
"It shows that they're at least being considerate to their customers and recognizing that their customers are going to be angry instead of just springing it on them."
But he'll be using the extra time to shop around for something cheaper — if that even exists.
Image caption The douments detail the authorities' concerns about gas attacks
Germany planned to use chemical and biological attacks during a wartime invasion of Britain, according to documents from the National Archives.
Aircraft adapted to spray gas or foot-and-mouth disease, and even anthrax shells, were seen as possibilities.
The Nazis were "rapidly preparing" by March 1941 and would not hesitate to attack, say the papers.
Gas attacks on troops were viewed as most likely, but attacks on the public were also predicted.
The newly-released documents - from the Ministry of Home Security and other bodies - say the aim would be to cause panic and start an evacuation that would block roads and prevent defending forces reaching the coast.
Intelligence also revealed that the Germans were planning to falsely accuse Britain of using gas in order to justify its own attacks.
The documents detail the ominous movement of large amounts of chemicals from factories to "areas occupied by troops likely to take part in an invasion".
It also lists evidence from various secret witnesses and "observers".
They include a Swedish army officer who saw gas canisters ready to be loaded at German air bases, and a prisoner of war who "had volunteered information that his squadron had carried out tests near Vienna of gas spray".
'Cloud attack'
Intelligence chiefs were also mindful of a possible seaborne gas cloud threatening the country.
Germs of foot-and-mouth disease are reputed to have been sprayed, experimentally, from aircraft National Archive document
A document from August 1940 states that such an attack, using phosgene or chlorine, although "operationally difficult", could not be disregarded and could threaten an area up to 10 miles in width.
"Whenever an on-shore wind at night is forecast, a warning will be issued to all troops within five miles of the coast", reads the document.
The "warning zone" stretched from the east coast of Scotland all the way round the south coast of England to the Bristol Channel.
Alerting the public to a potential gas cloud "would be undesirable and should not be done" adds the secret memo.
'Biological warfare'
The possibility of anthrax and biological warfare is also briefly mentioned in the newly released papers, which date from 1939 to 1941.
"The germs of foot-and-mouth disease are reputed to have been sprayed, experimentally, from aircraft," says one report.
It continues: "Tests are said to have been carried out with shells infected with Anthrax... they are said to result in 95% mortality, death occurring in 10-12 days."
The archives also reveal that experts expected an initial surprise bombardment of up to 2,500 airborne gas sorties, delivered by bomb or spray, during the first few days of a Nazi invasion.
Image caption The British had more gas masks than the Germans say the documents
One document states: "The German High Command may think that, if gas is used on the first day... the resulting casualties and panic will enable them to get a firm foothold on these shores."
The planned German invasion, codenamed Operation Sea Lion, was postponed in September 1940 after the Luftwaffe's defeat by the RAF in the Battle of Britain.
Air superiority was considered vital for the Germans' amphibious assault on Britain.
Hitler eventually cancelled the invasion plans in January 1941.
C. G. Prado offers a philosophical treatise of the reactions of loved ones (referred to as "survivors") of persons who elect to die due to terminal illness (referred to as "electors"). He explores how the surviving family and friends deal with the ill person's decision to die, particularly with regard to the severed relationships that result. The attention to survivors in this book is unique, and justified, according to Prado, because the survivor role is distinctive. Survivors may be forced to deal with decisions of loved ones over which they have no control and by which they are greatly affected. With this focus, the book provides a helpful complement to the literature on decision making by the terminally ill, assisted suicide and euthanasia, and the grief process for survivors. Though not explicitly a sequel, this book does follow up on issues raised in Prado's 2008 book, Choosing to Die, in which he addressed the rationality of elective death.
Prado is clear in Chapter 1 that his work is philosophical, "an abstract investigation of how elective-death survivors must reason" about the elector's choice to die (p. 22). He repeatedly apologizes for offering such a philosophically dense discussion of what ultimately is an issue of perhaps the greatest practical import. However, he explains that his goal is to help survivors understand and reason about their loved ones' decisions to die. He aptly entitles this chapter, "Laying the Groundwork," and he seems to be referring to providing philosophical context for his subsequent argument. Perhaps unintentionally, he also reveals why this philosophical treatment is helpful:
One reason why survivors' reactions to electors' choices to die must be considered carefully is because feelings influencing those reactions sometimes are not readily identifiable by survivors or by those friends or professionals advising them. A particularly notable instance is when feelings present themselves as intuitions or instances of "just knowing": as understandings that, although unsubstantiated, nonetheless are taken as somehow objective. Survivors' emotional responses to electors' decisions too often present the feelings their emotions prompt as externally rather than internally generated, and hence as reliable bases for decisions and actions… . Misconstruals by survivors of their feelings as intuitions is not something that is usually considered (pp. 15-16).
Prado essentially is offering a formal analysis of the "gut" responses that both drive and interfere with the medical decision making process.
The helpful preface by Wesley Boston provides necessary background on various approaches to understanding emotions, including the philosophical, psychological, and neurobiological. Boston further unpacks the distinction, critical to Prado's analysis, between feelings as short-term affective states and emotions as long-term affective dispositions that define individuals and what they feel. Underlying these key concepts is one of unacknowledged importance, which further justifies the need for analytic treatment of this topic. This is the objectivity/subjectivity distinction, which is fundamental in clinical medical practice, the setting in which decisions about life extension and elective death most often occur. On Prado's analysis, feelings and cultural influences so influence objective decision making as to challenge current decision making standards in health care. Informed consent requires that individuals make deliberate, autonomous, and informed decisions about their medical treatments. The presumption -- or perhaps the goal -- is that these decisions are rational and understandable to others, but this is not always the case. Family and friends of a dying person often counter the individual's stated treatment preferences, either while the person retains decision making capacity or once he/she becomes incapacitated, based on objective claims to know what the patient would have wanted.
Studies in the medical and ethics literature, however, show that family members regularly make different choices for their loved ones than the loved ones would have made and that usually family will err on the side of more aggressive life-extending treatment than the patient would have wanted. These choices, rather than being selfish or disrespectful, may be due to a lack of awareness of the survivor's own biases, beliefs, and feelings. Conflicts may also arise when the involved health care professionals perceive these choices as emotional or subjective, and contrary to evidence-based or "objective" medical recommendations. The patient's or family's perspective may be questioned on this basis. Prado's analysis reframes this conflict, suggesting the need to examine internal and external motivations and confounding factors. At root, this sense of objectivity requires further exploration, not only for survivors but also for health care professionals.
In Chapter 2, Prado examines survivors' feelings about elective death, how those affective states influence their responses, and whether those feelings can be managed. He then takes up in Chapter 3 the role of culture, both iconic and coincidental, in electors' decisions and survivors' assessments of elective death. Through multicultural dialogue, he argues, survivors may gain better awareness of their beliefs and enhance their capacity for more objective evaluation. Clinical ethics consultations are often requested to address these very issues. Ethics consultations frequently take up the issue of a family member's insistence on extending the life of a patient who would prefer to die, either according to that person's explicit statement or extrapolation from values displayed previously. Extending Prado's analysis suggests that such conflicts may be inevitable. The solution, according to Prado, is not to deny these responses, but to manage them. Prado commends what clinical ethicists have long practiced: open, constructive, and ongoing processes of communication that give voice to all perspectives and values and include consideration of those personal and cultural beliefs about which the involved individuals might not even be aware.
In Chapter 4, Prado revisits and revises the criteria for rational elective death that have evolved through his two previous works, Choosing to Die and the earlier The Last Choice: Preemptive Suicide in Advanced Age (1998). Familiarity with those works, while not necessary, is beneficial. After reviewing the requirements for sound reasoning and recognition that death may be annihilation, he emphasizes the need to consider survivors' interests. His approach is one of compromise, in which electors are encouraged to suffer longer in tribute to their relationships with those who will survive them and for survivors to use that time to appreciate this sacrifice and come to accept the decision. It is an interesting suggestion and one certainly in keeping with the book's focus on survivors' coping abilities. However, it seems to presume that coping is primarily a function of a choice to die, without acknowledging that the real problem may be dealing with the implications of terminal illness itself. The choice to die may only occasion reflection on the reality of mortality, whether that is by election or the natural progression of disease. Decisions about the timing of elective death may well be a luxury. Embedded in this text is a reflection of a "meta-bias" in American society in which death is perceived as the ultimate enemy, something to delay as long as possible, and sometimes as something that modern medicine presents as if it is optional. Without a fundamental acceptance of death, not just as inevitable but in some ways appropriate, the need to help survivors cope with even the most rational of electors' decisions will persist, a theme Prado addresses in the last chapter.
Prado acknowledges in Chapter 5two challenges to his criterion for rationality: the postmodern challenge to the universality of reason and the required recognition of death as annihilation. These emerge essentially as responses to critiques of his previous works and result in a further reformulation of his rationality criterion:
Self-killing is rational if autonomous, soundly reasoned, and adequately informed, and multicultural assessment determines it best serves one's interests while timed to the least harm survivors (p. 115).
He recognizes that some may consider that he is stating the obvious, but this, he argues, highlights the value of philosophy. Constructive benefit derives from the analysis itself. In this he makes a simple yet profound statement that applies to his work as well as to the difficult dialogue required with survivors so that they may actually survive an elector's death.
Finally in Chapter 6, Prado discusses survivors' responses. He describes categories of responses, two appropriate and two inappropriate, each of which involves assessments of the elector's rational decision making. The only response to an inappropriate response, he notes, is further discussion. On this he expands in Chapter 7. He briefly describes the long history of philosophical interest in death and insightfully asks whether philosophy can help. It is at this point that Prado weaves considerations of human mortality into his analysis. Appropriate survivor response may ultimately require understanding or acceptance of the human condition or, as Prado puts it, "accepting finality," the mortality of first the self and then the other. Though Prado's argument is well constructed, he may have been better served by starting with the last chapter. Mortality, and human responses to it, will involve feelings that color decision making. Rational choice may be inhibited without an acceptance of human finitude. Further, perceptions of rational choice in the context of mortality will be affected by one's beliefs about afterlife, an issue Prado takes up in an appendix. The problem here is that what comes after death is a usually a matter of faith, to which rational argument is unlikely to apply.
On Prado's account, one's end-of-life decisions necessarily affect others, and therefore ideally one would integrate consideration of those effects into the decision making process. In addition to the complications of human relationships, reality further complicates this process and requires attention. The timing of elective death is framed by natural parameters. A terminally ill patient is, in fact, terminal. There may be some time to play with, but the hidden costs of taking that time to gain survivors' acceptance may include progress to intolerable suffering or loss of capacity for decision making in a surrender to the disease process or the limits of medicine. In addition, there are physical, emotional, and even financial realities that also affect decisions about (forgoing) medical treatment. Many people express concerns about becoming a burden to their families, even when their families claim to be willing to accept the burden. Decisions to live or to die may be motivated not by the impact on relationships but by these other factors. Survivors, likewise, experience conflict or ambivalence in considering electors' decisions. Sometimes understanding and acceptance can never be achieved or will be achieved without consideration of rational criteria.
Beyond the complicated reality emerge concerns about imposing requirements for rational decision making on such an emotionally fraught decision and response. Some of our most important decisions are rooted in emotion, feeling, or other non-rational considerations, the choice of whom to marry or to have a child, for example. While rational considerations may help support survivors, the resulting argument may be disingenuous, more rationalization than rationale.
Finally, a comment on the audience for this book is warranted. According to Prado, he writes for medical ethicists, current and future, and for those (likely all of us) who are or will find ourselves in the position of a survivor (p. 22). There is much of value for each of those groups. Prado notes that he revised his criteria for rational elective death extensively in response to critique from colleagues and health care professionals seeking something briefer and more practical (p. 70). Perhaps he might do the same with this analysis. This book has the potential to be an essential reference for clinical ethicists, patients, and their families and friends, but most are not trained in analytic philosophy. This is not the book to hand to the dying patient's spouse so that he might understand his wife's decision and better deal with his response. Clinical ethicists may draw on Prado's analysis in their daily work, but many of those ethicists are not philosophers by training. Those coming from backgrounds such as social work, psychology, or medicine may experience the same impatience with the complexity of Prado's text as health care professionals experienced with his rational elective death criteria. In Prado's defense, his purpose and method is analytic philosophy. Yet, a concrete interpretation is sorely needed by both patients/families and those health care professionals attempting to help them make or come to terms with one of the most difficult, and usually least desired, decisions an individual can face.
The best stock car racer never to win a Cup title, Martin earned the respect of his fellow competitors over three decades of racing.
Unfortunately, that Kyle's emotions got the best of him. Joey made a mistake on the race track and I don't think he should get hit in the face over making a mistake. Mark Martin
When the words "rival" and "Martin" were used in the same sentence, they could only be used in the context of a friendly rivalry. Martin seldom, if ever, found himself in the middle of controversy. His competitions were settled on the race track.
Don't use the car to express frustration
After seeing the incident between Joey Logano and Kyle Busch play out at Las Vegas Motor Speedway on Sunday, Martin described it as “purely an accident — it was hard racing." He believes the drivers handled the situation appropriately.
“Kyle's actions after the race, I applaud,” Martin said on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “I absolutely think it is a disgrace to the sport to wreck a race car after the race is over. Nothing has made me more mad than to have somebody mad at me and run all over my car after the race is over. It's totally uncalled for.
“You should handle your business man-to-man. And Kyle, handling his business man-to-man, I approve of. Now, Joey didn't have that coming, in my opinion. But still, rather than running over his race car after the race, I approve of handling your business. I always handled my business face-to-face, man-to-man. And I think it should be handled that way.”
Martin mentored Logano long before he was old enough to race in NASCAR's ranks. One of the earliest introductions of the teenager to the media corps was at Martin's hangar at Spruce Creek during Daytona Speedweeks.
But Martin clearly didn't play favorites in the Vegas altercation.
“There's the good, the bad and the ugly on that thing,” Martin added. “On Joey's account, the same thing. I don't think he had a whippin' coming, but on his behalf, I will say one thing, anybody that ever doubted whether Joey would stand up for himself or not, got to see something.
“He didn't have to think twice about climbing on Kyle. So, I thought that was interesting to see as well.”
Martin wasn't known as a fighter
Martin experienced both sides of the racing equation: the driver who felt he'd been wronged on the track and less frequently, the driver who others though had wronged them. Given his diminutive size, Martin was not known to look for trouble. He doesn't recall ever being caught in a physical altercation. However, after Juan Pablo Montoya door-slammed him after a race, Martin “went after him."
“I didn't intend to hit him,” Martin recounted. “He's bigger than me and he probably would have clobbered me.”
He drove to the garage to discuss the incident with Montoya. But the crews were waiting before the drivers could talk. Martin appreciated how protective his teams were over the years, but he missed the opportunity to settle things with Montoya on that day.
“The ugly is these things turn into a gang-pile with the crews,” Martin said. “And I understand that. I wish they wouldn't, but I understand it. When you are a crew guy, you believe in your driver so much, you believe that nobody better touch him. And that's the way these crew guys feel.
“I wish these guys could handle it face-to-face, man-to-man and leave the equipment out of it and leave the crews out of it. But at the end of the day, it sure made for a lot of excitement after the race. And I did approve of the attempt to handle it person-to-person. I would prefer to handle it without getting physical. Still, it made for some excitement.”
No penalty is the right call
Martin agreed with NASCAR's decision not to penalize either party for the skirmish. While he doesn't condone physical violence, Martin understands that, in the heat of the moment, athletes can lose control.
“You should be able to handle your business…even if it happens to get physical for some reason under these high emotional situations, I think that's OK,” Martin said. “I think that trying to take that away wasn't good for the sport. I know a lot of the fans, they want to see that emotion.
“And you can see that emotion without having a fight. It can be more of a face-to-face argument kind of confrontation. I think it was good. I think, unfortunately, that Kyle's emotions got the best of him. Joey made a mistake on the race track and I don't think he should get hit in the face over making a mistake. I know that I would've been beat up a lot for making a mistake on the race track. There's a big difference between making a mistake and doing something intentional.”
Story highlights Putin: "We are not going to do this now. We will see how the situation develops"
Remarks are the latest in a series of tense diplomatic exchanges between US, Russia
(CNN) Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that Moscow may force the United States to cut an additional 155 of its diplomatic personnel in Russia if tensions persist between the two countries.
"We reserve the right to further reduce the number of US diplomats in Moscow," Putin told reporters at the summit of the BRICS nations in southern China. "But we are not going to do this now. We will see how the situation develops."
Putin's remarks Tuesday is the latest in a series of tense diplomatic exchanges between the two nations following US allegations that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election.
Last week the Trump administration announced it was shuttering the Russian Consulate in San Francisco as well as annexes in Washington and New York in response to mandated staff cuts at the US mission in Russia.
The American plan to close the three diplomatic facilities followed Moscow's order for almost half of US personnel to leave their positions in Russia and the seizure of two US diplomatic properties in response to expanded sanctions passed by Congress.
Read More
Earlier this year, we had the opportunity to be part of the audience for the Seattle, WA performance of Symphony of the Goddesses: Master Quest. Since then, the concert has toured across parts of America, Europe, and Canada, now continuing its journey across the United States and back to Europe to finish out the year.
Between stops on her whirlwind tour, symphony conductor Amy Andersson was kind enough to sit down and answer a few questions from us about her legendary adventure so far.
Thanks so much for taking the time to speak with us! Could you please introduce yourself to our readers and let us know a little about who you are and what you do?
My name is Amy Andersson and I am the Music Director and Conductor for the current world tour of the Legend of Zelda Symphony of the Goddesses. I rehearse and train each orchestra and chorus in every city that we perform in. My job is to make sure all the musicians are perfectly prepared so we can give a fantastic performance to our devoted fans.
How familiar were you with the music from the Legend of Zelda series before conducting the symphony?
I was certainly not as familiar with the music as I am now, having done 20 shows thus far!
Are you yourself a gamer?
I do not consider myself a gamer, but a musician who is very engaged in video game music.
Were you involved in the transcription of the original music to fit the symphony?
I was not involved in the transcription of the original music. That must have been a fantastic experience to witness. If only I could have been a fly on the wall....
When preparing the symphony, did you spend any time working with Koji Kondo, the composer of the original music?
I have not yet had the pleasure of working with Koji Kondo. Perhaps one day I could have the honor of meeting him. I would very much like to know if he has any suggestions or comments as to my interpretation.
Can you describe the complexity of the Symphony of the Goddesses score compared to other pop culture music? How does the score compare to other classical pieces that you've conducted?
Pop culture music ranges from simplistic to very complex so I cannot find a comparison that makes much sense. What I can say is that the Symphony of the Goddesses score is very dense, highly imaginative and evokes many musical genres. It has musical moments that are reminiscent of Orff, Mahler and Strauss, and at the same time reflects world music styles, including pop. I think it is this interesting combination that makes it so memorable and tantalizing.
How does conducting iconic music from pop culture compare to conducting more classical pieces?
I feel good music is good music, regardless of the style and time period it was composed in. All music requires an understanding of its structure, subtleties, its spirit and the message of what the music is trying to convey. When you have a grasp of those elements, beautiful things can happen and the conductor becomes the vehicle through which the composer speaks. That is the conductor's job really, to transmit the composer's intentions and energy to the listener. I aim to do that regardless of whether a piece is a pop number or classical symphony.
Does a music project like this create a different vibe between you and the orchestra itself, due to the nature of the melodies and their origins?
The music of the Legend of Zelda creates a warm and beautiful vibe between me and the musicians simply because the music is so lovable, nostalgic and so much fun!
Symphony of the Goddesses obviously draws a different crowd than a more conventional classical performance would. Who would you say makes up the majority of the audience?
I would guess that the majority of audience members are devoted Zelda gamers.
What has audience reaction been like compared to usual symphony goers?
Audience reaction has been phenomenal! The Zelda audiences are completely different from today's usual symphony goers. Zelda fans express their enthusiasm spontaneously with applause and screams during the musical numbers. That would not be tolerated in serious classical music concerts today and that is the huge difference. But I might add that symphony and operagoers of the past used to eat, drink, and talk loudly during concerts. The concert going public would boo, shout and get into fistfights if they did not like the music. That actually happened at the premiere of Stravinsky's Rite of Spring ballet in 1913 in Paris! A chaotic riot ensued and people threw vegetables.
Granted that is an extreme reaction, but somewhere throughout history, it became socially expected that audience members would display refinement, great restraint and hardly dare to clear their throats. It has unfortunately resulted in a very uptight atmosphere, which is why many young people do not enjoy classical music concerts today. It is very stressful to sit perfectly still for 2 hours! After having conducted more traditional concerts in the past years, I feel personally liberated by the music of Zelda, and the resulting atmosphere this audience of gamers creates. They are non-traditional audience members who scream, shout, whoop and show their enthusiasm. I feel gamers have brought the gift of spontaneous emotional reactions back to the concert halls. It is incredibly exciting to witness this evolution and I want to thank all of our devoted fans for being the catalyst of change!
Can you describe the experience playing for the crowd at Comic-Con International this year?
We just played a show in San Diego where Comic-Con was taking place. When I look out into the audience, I can't exactly tell you who the Zelda gamers are (except for those in costume) and who are there from Comic-Con, but certainly the audience was fantastic. I roamed around the lobby before the show to watch people and pick up on the vibe. The whole town was buzzing with Comic-Con energy and I am certain it contributed to the audience's overall response.
A few new arrangements have been added to this latest leg of the tour, including more music from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. Are there any plans for further expansion? What other Zelda games might we see featured in the future?
That is a wonderful question for our Executive Producer Jason Michael Paul. He keeps things pretty much under wraps, and at this point I do not have any information. But I suspect that there are always projects in the works!
Are there any other video game projects that you would like to bring to life?
Right now my conducting life revolves around Zelda and travelling the world on tour in 2015 and 2016. My focus and devotion are entirely on this at the moment!
Is there anything else you would like to add about your experience conducting the Symphony of the Goddesses?
The Symphony of the Goddesses brings incredible joy to me, the orchestra members, chorus members and to audience members. I feel there is a deeper energy that we are transmitting; that of good will, and love to the world.
Thanks again to Amy Andersson for taking the time out of her busy touring schedule to speak with us. For more information about the tour, or to purchase tickets for a performance near you, please visit the official website.
You can follow Amy on her adventures via Twitter and Instagram at @amymaestra.
Last week on BBC's “Hardtalk,” actress Jane Fonda was asked by show host Stephen Sackur if inside her she had a “sense of regret” for her 1972 visit to North Vietnam at the height of the Vietnam War.
Fonda denied having any regret about the visit itself and argued she had justifications for the trip.
“I don't regret going to Vietnam,” she said. “The United States was bombing the dikes in North Vietnam — earthen dikes in the Red River Delta. If the dikes had given way, according to Henry Kissinger, somewhere around 2 million people could have died of famine and drowning. And we were bombing, and it wasn't being talked about. And I thought, ‘I'm a celebrity. Maybe if I go, and I bring back evidence.' And it did stop two months after I got back, so I'm proud that I went. It changed my life all for the good.”
The part she said she had regretted was appearing with the anti-aircraft and looking that she was against American soldiers and “siding with the enemy,” which she said wasn't the case.
“The thing that I regret is that on my last day there, I made the mistake of going to a ceremony at an anti-aircraft gun,” she added. “It wasn't being used. There were no airplanes or anything like that. There was a ceremony. I was asked to sing and people were laughing and so forth and I was led, and I sat down. And then I got up and as I walked away, I realized, ‘Oh my gosh. It's going to look like I am against my own country's soldiers and siding with the enemy, which is the last thing in the world that was true.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
The reported killing of another Qaeda commander in Pakistan earlier this week demonstrates the pressure the U.S. is putting on the terrorists there. But does it also mean that al Qaeda's core is on the verge of collapse, as some suggest? There the picture is much more complicated.
Abu Hafs al-Shahri, a Saudi, had been a Qaeda operative for years. According to Saudi media accounts, he operated in Syria for several years before moving to Pakistan. He is alleged to have been chief of operations for al Qaeda in Pakistan when he died. His demise comes after the death of Osama bin Laden in May and the recovery of a library of data from his hideout in Abbottabad, Pakistan. The exploitation of that library has clearly been a great boon to counterterrorist operations. Senior Qaeda officials like Muhammad Ilyas Kashmiri and Atiyah Abd al-Rahman have reportedly been killed since then, and at least one, a Mauritanian, has been captured by the Pakistanis.
No one disputes that these attacks are damaging al Qaeda's old core in Pakistan. Analysts inside and outside the government are divided, however, on how badly this weakens al Qaeda's global threat and even its Pakistan base. Those who argue it is decimating al Qaeda rightly note that the organization has lost its charismatic founder and a bench of key operatives in short order. If the momentum is sustained, al Qaeda's original order of battle will be dismantled. Often it is argued that al Qaeda has also been ideologically caught off balance by the Arab revolutions, which it had nothing to do with starting. But even the advocates of al Qaeda in decline are usually quick to note that its offshoots in Yemen, North Africa, and other locations are still very dangerous and in some cases getting more so, especially in Yemen, which is heading toward civil war. And all analysts agree al Qaeda's message still seems to inspire self-radicalized extremists inside the U.S. and Europe who, like the Fort Hood killer, may be very dangerous.
The skeptics note that al Qaeda's obituary has been announced before, more than once. In the wake of the capture of Khalid Sheikh Mohammad, Abu Zubayda, and several other senior Qaeda operatives years ago, we read articles reporting that it was on the verge of defeat. A Washington Post headline in 2003 announced, “Al Qaeda's Top Primed to Collapse, U.S. Says.” Former Pakistani dictator Pervez Musharraf said in 2006 that with the U.S., “Pakistan has shattered the al Qaeda network in the region; it has ceased to exist as a homogenous force capable of undertaking coordinated operations.” Of course in March 2003 al Qaeda blew up subway trains in Madrid, killing 191 and wounding 1,755; in July 2005 it blew up trains in London, killing and wounding dozens more—attacks we now know were linked to the Qaeda core in Pakistan. And while Musharraf was proclaiming al Qaeda's death, Osama bin Laden was living a mile away from the military academy Musharraf graduated from. He has even admitted that as president he jogged past the hideout for several years. So is it different this time?
Ayman Zawahiri, bin Laden's replacement, took on the issue in an hourlong message released this week by al Qaeda to mark the 10th anniversary of 9/11. The message included previously unseen images of bin Laden and also Zawahiri's analysis of how the terror group has fared over the past decade. He notes that “Washington, Tel Aviv, and NATO” are claiming we “won and al Qaeda has lost.” His counterargument is that our allies are collapsing all over the Arab world like flies, leaders such as Hosni Mubarak, Muammar Gaddafi, Ali Abdallah Saleh, Bashar Assad, and next (he promises) the House of Saud, all of whom have been fighting al Qaeda relentlessly for the past decade and helping America kill and capture its leaders. Then, he says, look at the war in Afghanistan, and he highlights the descriptions in Bob Woodward's book Obama's Wars of the intense battles inside the White House about whether the war is winnable and the growing calls in America and Europe to get out.
Of course, Zawahiri is a spokesman for his cause and less than objective. But from his perspective, which looks at the global jihad over decades, not days, many of his oldest enemies are gone, and America has pulled out most of its troops from Iraq and is tiring of the Afghan war. Israel's embassies are shutting down across the Middle East as the Arab spring turns against the Crusader-Zionist alliance. Closer to home, the Pakistani state is under intense pressure from every angle and faces the most serious internal security problems in its history. New terror attacks rock the country from Karachi to Kashmir almost every day.
Zawahiri also knows al Qaeda has powerful friends and allies in Pakistan. He knows what we don't—who was helping bin Laden hide in Abbottabad for years in the shadow of the Pakistani Army and under the nose of its generals. He knows al Qaeda also gets help from the Pakistan Taliban (which carries out new terror in Pakistani military bases to avenge bin Laden) and from groups like Lashkar e Tayyiba (LeT) that mourned bin Laden's death as a hero of their jihad. Those groups are not under any of the pressure that al Qaeda faces—LeT still gets support and patronage from the Pakistani intelligence service, the ISI. These groups have become further radicalized in the past few years and now target Americans from Times Square to Mumbai. They host al Qaeda and provide it with force multipliers.
One thing is certain. We cannot rely on Pakistan's government, Army, and ISI to deal with this threat. Whether they were clueless about bin Laden's hideout for half a decade or complicit in hiding him, we cannot rely on them. Incompetent or worse, they are not reliable. So we need to retain a capability for the foreseeable future to operate inside Pakistan when we need to take out dangerous targets, whether by drones or SEALs. The geography is simple; only Afghanistan offers that base. That doesn't mean we need 140,000 NATO troops in Afghanistan indefinitely, but we also can't just cut and run either. Ironically, Pakistan's unreliability makes Afghanistan more important.
A Montana lawmaker said Tuesday that he will vote no on decriminalize gay sex in his state because he thinks homosexuality is "deviate."
"To me sex is primarily purposed to produce people," said state Rep. Dave Hagstrom (R-Billings), according to a video shot by local news outlet KXLH-TV. "Sex that doesn't produce people is deviate."
Hagstrom noted the word "deviate" isn't necessarily a bad thing. "Deviate simply means it's not normal, it's not typical," he said. Hagstrom also claimed that he has homosexual friends, "so there's no homophobic issues going on here with me."
Hagstrom made these remarks in an attempt to explain why he was voting against Senate Bill 107, a measure that would erase language from Montana law classifying homosexual sex as "deviate sexual conduct," thus making gay sex a felony offense.
The bill, which was passed by the state Senate in February, won a majority of votes in the Montana House on Tuesday, the Associated Press reported. The only lawmakers to vote against the measure were Republicans who said their religion prevented them from endorsing it, KXLH reported.
Hagstrom also compared gay sex to a pen that he held for House members to see. "This pen has two purposes," he said. "The first purpose, of course, is to write. The second purpose is to retract, so that it doesn't leave a stain on your shirt or your purse. One is primary and the other is secondary. To me, sex is primarily purposed to produce people. That's why we're all here."
The bill must be voted on again in the state House before it can be sent to Gov. Steve Bullock to be signed into law.
The former England international has thanked the club for everything it has done for him and all the support...
Former Coventry City midfielder Joe Cole has penned a farewell letter to the Sky Blues supporters, staff and squad.
I wanted to take some time to thank everyone connected with Coventry City after my departure today.
Since joining the club in November, I've thoroughly enjoyed my experience with the Sky Blues and I feel as though my time at the club has helped me gain a new lease of life in my footballing career.
The supporters, players and staff have all taken me in with open arms from day one and that will always be in my heart. I'd like to start by thanking Tony Mowbray.
He has shown so much faith in me during my time with the club and gave me the time to get fit. Because of him, the correct training schedule and the medical staff at the club, I've been able to play more consistent match minutes this season because of the environment at the club.
Secondly, I'd like to thank the players. The dressing room environment at the club is really special and everyone contributes to a working environment which you're always happy to come into work each day.
I'll bring away some great memories from my time, especially the 6-0 win over Bury, and even though the season didn't end the way we wanted to, I really believe the club can continue the progress it's made this season and carry it on to next year.
Finally, I want to say thank you to the supporters. I've had a fantastic welcome from day one from all the supporters I've met and it's been really humbling.
You look back through the record books and it's incredible the club continues to have such loyal support despite the lack of success over the years. The away support, in particular, shows how big this club is and that it definitely shouldn't be at this level.
You've got to remember the amount of progress which has been made this season and that is down to what the manager and his staff have put in place. I'm sure that success is just around the corner as the gaffer continues that progress, and when it comes, every single one of you will deserve it.
I've regained my love of football again and I'd like to thank Coventry City for doing that.
Best of luck,
Joe
The Landkreuzer P. 1000 "Ratte" (English: Land Cruiser P. 1000 "Rat") was a design for a super-heavy tank for use by Nazi Germany during World War II, proposed by Krupp director Edward Grotte in June 1942, who had already named it "Landkreuzer". Submitted designs and drawings of the tank went under the names OKH Auftrag Nr. 30404 and E-30404/1, which were presented in December 1942. The tank was planned to be 1000 tonnes, being far heavier than the Panzer VIII "Maus", the heaviest tank ever built (weighing 188 tonnes). The project gained the approval of Adolf Hitler, who had expressed interest in the development of the tank, but was canceled by Minister of Armaments Albert Speer in early 1943.
Development [ edit ]
The development history of the Ratte originated with a 1941 strategic study of Soviet heavy tanks conducted by Krupp, the study also giving birth to the Panzer VIII Maus super-heavy tank. The study led to a suggestion from Krupp's director (Grotte), a special officer for submarine construction, who, on 23 June 1942, proposed to Hitler a 1,000-tonne tank which he named "Landkreuzer". It was to be armed with naval artillery and armoured with 25 centimetres (10 in) of hardened steel, so heavy that only similar weapons could hope to damage it.
Hitler became enamored with Grotte's concept and ordered Krupp to begin development of it in 1942. As of December 29, 1942 a few preliminary drawings had been completed, by which time the concept had been named "Ratte" (Rat) by Hitler himself. These submitted designs went under the titles OKH Auftrag Nr. 30404 and E-30404/1. Albert Speer saw no reasonable use of the tank and canceled the project in 1943 before any prototype could be manufactured, although this did lead to the concept of the Landkreuzer P. 1500 Monster self-propelled siege gun, which would have been heavier than the Ratte. The general idea for such a big tank was best summed up by Heinz Guderian, saying that: "Hitler's fantasies sometimes shift into the gigantic".
Description [ edit ]
The Ratte is known for its enormous size: it would have weighed 1,000 tonnes, five times the weight of the Panzer VIII Maus. The divided weight of the Ratte included 300 tonnes of armament (the total weight of the guns themselves was 100 tonnes, so turret armour would have weighed 200 tonnes), 200 tonnes of armour and frame and 100 tonnes of track and automotive components, while remaining weight would be distributed to miscellaneous features. It was planned to be 35 m (115 ft) long (39 metres (128 ft) when including naval guns), 11 m (36 ft) high and 14 m (46 ft) wide. To compensate for its immense weight, the Ratte would have been equipped with three 1.2 m (3 ft 11 in) wide and 21 m (69 ft) long treads on each side with a total tread width of 7.2 m (23 ft 7 in). This would help stability and weight distribution, but the vehicle's sheer mass would have destroyed roads and rendered bridge crossings next to impossible. It was expected that its height, and its ground clearance of 2 m (6.6 ft), would have allowed it to ford most rivers with relative ease, thus eliminating the need for bridge crossings.
Planned propulsion was by two MAN V12Z32/44 24-cylinder marine diesel engines of 6,300 kW (8,400 hp) each (as used in U-boats) or eight Daimler-Benz MB 501 20-cylinder marine diesel engines of 1,500 kW (2,000 hp) each (as used in E-boats) to achieve the 12,000 kW (16,000 hp) needed to move this tank. The engines were to be provided with snorkels, also like those used by German submarines. The snorkels were designed to provide a way for oxygen to reach the engine, even during amphibious operations passing through deep water.
The Ratte's primary weapon would have been a dual 28 cm SK C/34 naval gun turret. This was the same turret that was used on the German capital ship Gneisenau but modified by removing one of the guns and its associated loading mechanism. Removing the third gun allowed extra accommodation of ammunition, and reduced the total weight of the tank by 50 tonnes. The guns used for the Ratte would have fired ammunition developed for other naval guns. It also included armour-piercing rounds with 8.1 kg (18 lb) of explosive filler, and high-explosive rounds with 17.1 kg (38 lb) of explosive filler.
Landkreuzer P. 1000 Ratte in comparison to other German tanks. Illustration of theP. 1000in comparison to other German tanks.
Further armament was to consist of a 128 mm anti-tank gun of the type used in the Jagdtiger or Maus, two 15 mm Mauser MG 151/15 autocannons, and eight 20 mm Flak 38 anti-aircraft guns, probably with at least four of them as a Flakvierling quad mount. The 128 mm anti-tank gun's precise location on the Ratte is a point of contention among historians, most believing that it would have been mounted within the primary turret, with some others thinking a smaller secondary turret at the rear of the Ratte more logical. Some concept drawings exist to suggest a flexible mount on the glacis plate. The tank was to be provided with a vehicle bay that could hold two BMWs R12 motorcycles for scouting, and several smaller storage rooms, a compact infirmary area, and a self-contained lavatory system.
Issues [ edit ]
The large size and weight would have rendered the tank unable to cross bridges at the risk of collapsing them, and travelling on roads would soon destroy them. Though its top intended speed was 40 kilometres per hour, its huge size and high visibility would have made it extremely vulnerable to aerial bombardment and artillery fire. Its great size would also have made it nearly impossible to transport—no existing railway or train car could bear its weight and its width was too great for existing tunnels.
References [ edit ]
Notes
Bibliography
Chamberlain, Peter; Doyle, Hilary (2004). Jentz, Thomas L., ed. Encyclopedia of German Tanks of World War Two . Wigston, Leicestershire, UK: Silverdale Books. ISBN 978-1-84509-012-8.
Ellenbogen, Michael (2006). Gigantische Visionen – Architektur und Hochtechnologie im Nationalsozialismus (in German). Graz, Austria: ARES Verlag. ISBN 978-3-902475-25-1.
Hahn, Fritz (1987). Waffen und Geheimwaffen des deutschen Heeres 1933–1945: Band 2: Panzer- und Sonderfahrzeuge, "Wunderwaffen", Verbrauch und Verluste (in German). Koblenz, Germany: Bernard & Graefe Verlag. ISBN 978-3-7637-5832-6.
Hahn, Fritz (1998). Waffen und Geheimwaffen des deutschen Heeres 1933–1945 (in German) (2nd ed.). Koblenz, Germany: Bernard & Graefe. ISBN 978-3-7637-5915-6.
Porter, David (2010). Hitler's secret weapons, 1933-1945:The Essential Facts and Figures for Germany's Secret Weapons Programme . London, UK: Amber Books. ISBN 978-1-906626-74-7.
Spielberger, Walter J. (1977). Spezial-Panzerfahrzeuge des deutschen Heeres (in German). Stuttgart, Germany: Motorbuch-Verlag. ISBN 978-3-87943-457-2.
Further reading
Bitcoinity.org
Ranking system
TL;DR: Using order books instead of volume to decide which exchanges are the biggest.
Why complicate
Currently exchanges are ranked based on their volume. It's not a bad idea, but there are some problems with it. There's a big difference between volume on exchanges with or without fees. Even on exchange with fees, some big players with low fees can influence it heavily. It's also very hard to verify.
Proposed solution
Apart from volume there's another useful information available - order book. The deeper the better. Being able to execute a big order without moving the price too much seems to be a good indicator that the exchange should be ranking high.
Unlike reported volume, order book can be (at least partially) verified. Somebody can try to execute an order against it.
Ranking must not be easy to manipulate. Having some big wall at $0.1 does not make you a great exchange. Clearly, open orders that are closer to the current price are more imporant.
But how close? When Bitcoin price is changing 10% per day, then surely those orders 10% away from the price are important. But if it stabilizes and only changes 0.1% for weeks, then some wall 10% away from the price is not very relevant. It shouldn't influnce the ranking.
To solve this problem we weight open orders based on how long ago given price was achieved.
Let's first take a look at an example orderbook with plotted amount of days since given price was present:
And now, jumping ahead, this is how weights assigned to these orders will look like (weigths are assigned to single orders, even though you see cumulative order book here for clarity):
As you can see, more weight is given to orders at prices that were present lately.
Weight
For given order, If we assume that d is a number of days ago since we've last seen given price, the weight is:
Where g is a param that shapes how quickly should weight decay with days. I assumed g = 1⁄ 5 , which makes orders at the price that was present 5 days ago two times less important than those at the price that was present today. This param is sucked out of my thumb and its value is open for discussion.
To be super clear, here's the chart how weight depends on number of days since given price was present.
When testing different values of g , it did not change ranking much. Higher values make rank more prone to manipulation with orders that are unlikely to get executed. Lower values make rank more noisy for shorter timespans.
Rank
Every rank calculation is based on a single order book. When you see e.g. 24h rank, it's an average rank of all order books collected during that time (for popular exchanges full order books are fetched every few minutes).
The general idea is that we're measuring money stored in the orderbook, giving more attention to the fresh one, to make manipulation of rank more difficult.
We can put it as:
Let's focus on asks first. Asks are associated with bitcoins stored on the exchange.
We just want to sum that, assigning weight to each order:
In case of bids it's the fiat that is stored, not bitcoins. Amount of fiat can be calculated as: . We want to add bids and asks rank at the end, so they need to have the same unit. To get amount in bitcoins we divide this amount of fiat by current bitcoin price:
To be consistent current price is also based on the orderbook and not trades:
And that's it. The results can be seen on data.bitcoinity.org
You did it
Thanks for getting through it. I'm open to ideas and suggestions. If you think something could be made more clear in the explanation or you found some errors, please let me know. This thing is new and the discussion is currently happening here ( previous one )
Gremlin meets Hot Fuzz in Cute Little Buggers, premiering on VOD November 7, 2017.
Tony Jopia's highly anticipated comedy-horror hybrid sees locals of a peaceful English village, enjoying their annual summer festival, when they are suddenly attacked by mutated killer rabbits!
Somewhere in the depths of space, aliens are watching the earth and planning their attack. Unaware of the impending danger, the locals of a sleepy English village are preparing for their summer festival. The aliens launch their offensive by mutating the local rabbit population, and when the furry demons are released, the body count starts to pile up as blood, guts, and fur flies in all directions as the humans fight off the alien threat.
Featuring genre icon Caroline Munro (Maniac, The Spy Who Loved Me) and from Tony Jopia, director of Crying Wolf, comes the wildest film of the fall, Cute Little Buggers – crash-landing November 7th from Uncork'd Entertainment.
TMS: What inspired this rather unique and very fun story?
TJ: I've always loved creature features and deep in my heart I knew I would make something crazy like CLB. In the one day I caught on TV Gremlins and one of my favorite films Its a Mad Mad World. A chaotic comedy just sang out to me. Along with my love for classic Hammer movies and monster movies from the 50's lead to me falling for the concept of something cute going bad. Later, I remembered my grandma used to breed rabbits and wondered one evening...what if.....and literally said to myself they had to be Cute Little Buggers...and the rest is history. I called my writing partner Andy Davie to pitch him my idea and after he called me Stupid Little Bastard, he warmed to the idea and the first draft was born. Andy is a fab horror writer and we both agreed we needed more comedy so we heard about another awesome writer called Garry Charles, sent him our draft and he came on board to do a version. We shot a teaser to convince the Executives such as Fabien Muller and he loved it and we went into production with having enough budget to shoot CLB in 21 days. It was one of the best shoots I'd had ever been involved in and having co producers such as Jeremy and Andrij Evans at Brainy Monkey look after the post, it meant we achieved wonders with almost nothing in an incredible amount of time.
TMS: Did you sit down and watch similar movies before shooting?
TJ: Not really, as I like to give it my own stamp, but I always love watching some of my favorites to get me pumped to realizing my dream. I've always enjoyed Horrors. John Carpenter's Halloween and The Thing were a massive lesson in horror movie making for me as well as being two of my favorites films of all time. An American Werewolf in London also connected with me, on this occasion it was more the humor and Jenny Agutter that stood out. Sam Raimi's Evil Dead is a great example of horror and comedy working incredibly well together. It absolutely made me jump out of my chair one minute and then laughing at Ash's brilliant one liner and outrageous situation. They are the best viewing a horror director can have before making a creature feature.
TMS: With all the computer generated imagery, could this movie have been done back in the Reagan-era?
TJ: We relied on CGI rabbits due to time and budget constraints. Often it was a matter of painting the picture of the scene with rabbits missing and often playing the rabbit role myself. Play it straight I said, however cute they are. If one of the little bastards ripped your throat out, you wouldn't be blowing kisses back at it. So for me, it was about identifying the threat and the danger they offered. Often, I would describe the killer look rather than the furry cute lovable pets we all adore and this really did the trick. By day two, most of the crew and cast were ready to instigate global rabbit genocide...I must add that no real rabbits were ever harmed in the making of this movie. If I had a choice, I would definitely have preferred practical effects or at least more of them, but making micro budget films is a real challenge that tests you on many levels. How to be creative and effective with minimum time and resources is a massive ball ache, but with the pain and tears comes the pleasure of meeting some wonderful people. As a director, if you can get everyone on the same wavelength then magic truly happens. For me, working with my team and friends such as Stunt Coordinator Mark Johnston is always a pleasure because he, with his team, give 150% into everything. We have worked with the same bunch of people across all 4 features because they are amazingly generous individuals with a lot of talent and a matching desire to produce the best possible movie. That's what its all about...getting the best possible results all the time. The audience doesn't take into consideration that you have 21 days and 25K to make a movie, for them its either good or crap. So what you deliver on the night has to pass the test of expectations and when you have so little to achieve it, you really need your crew to make it happen.
TMS: How much of the effects are in-camera?
TJ: We did try to create as much in-camera as possible knowing it would enhance the visuals effects, but in the end I knew I needed consistency across the animation of the rabbits and their environments so reluctantly opted for CG creatures. If I had more time and finances, then practical would have been the way forward.
TMS: And are they still using corn syrup for blood?
TJ: Strawberry Syrup was definitely used along with colored water thickened with flour... I'm sure the makeup team had a few other tricks up their sleeves.
TMS: Do you have you a favorite death in the movie?
TJ: There's two or three but the one I pick today is Lisa, played by Horror Star Lesley Scoble. It's the lead up that I love, having this older lady swinging her mutilated half a pet dog around from its lead then crashing to the ground (which nearly gave me a heart attack seeing her throw herself the way she did) to be set on by a herd of alien rabbits. ACE!
TMS: The movie has such a light tone that I imagine some actors struggled to keep straight faces at times?
TJ: It was a blast, it was so brilliantly line produced by The Film and TV Company that everything fell in place. We didn't have hardly any overruns and most of the time the brilliant schedule delivered everything we needed on time and on budget. It really was a dream production. We were also having so much fun too that the general vibe was great. So I think the cast genuinely enjoyed it.
TMS: In terms of directing choices, anyone you emulated here?
TJ: I always like to add my own stamp to the films, but I'd be lying if I didn't confess to having some influences such as Dante/Jackson/Spielberg/Raimi....just on a smaller scale. I did try to make everything I could be as cinematic as possible and I'm overall happy with the finished film.
TMS: Do you consider the film a success only when it hits a certain monetary figure?
TJ: Bringing in a financial return does indicate some success, after all the executives would like to get some of their money back. Many films have failed in the box office, but later became a cult classic delivering a healthy return.
TMS: Has the movie opened doors for you?
TJ: Oh, for sure! I have one serious horror movie to make called The Frequency of Fear, with my brother Stuart and son Alex. I'm booked in 2018/19 to make two action creature features, one a western and another set in an apocalyptic desert town in Northern Chile, all written by Tom Crinch and Stuart Jopia. The films will be produced by The Film and TV Company. CLB 2 starts preproduction early 2018 and if things go to plan my Drama ANGELITO will be filmed in 2020 and go on to win the Oscar in 2022. I'm very fortunate that I also have a day job as a creative director for a major broadcaster, so fitting in movies is a true labor of love and takes immense planning from myself. It also requires patience and tolerance from my wife, but she has been a massive drive in my push to make movies. So if I can continue to fit everything in, then I would love to carry on making films ideally with bigger budgets and more time. I love my day job, but nothing beats the feeling of watching a story brought to life and a film delivered at the end of the journey. So far SO GOOD!
For a relaxing time, sit back and watch this terrific PBS short documentary on the artistic merits of video games. The video runs only about 7 minutes, and features NYU's Eric Zimmerman, game designer and researcher Jesper Juul, Kotaku contributor and secret nerdcore superstar Leigh Alexander, and Babycastles curator and designer Syed Salahuddin.
"Even though games are ancient," says Zimmerman, "there is something about this moment in history that is special. We are now entering a ludic age, an age of play."
Advertisement
"Every game you play," he continues, "it's like a little laboratory for understanding how systems work."
Juul points to some examples of how simpler games have become more prevalent lately, using Minecraft as his main example. Leigh talks about the journeys that games can take us on, as well as the ways they subvert our expectations of narrative, using Bioshock and Portal as examples (while the video's editor sneaks in a quick Grim Fandango shout-out, which I aprpeciated).
Salahuddin discusses the offbeat indie developer Cactus, pointing to Hot Throttle, as well as Jason Rohrer's Passage.
Advertisement
It's a remarkably convincing video, mainly because of how matter-of-fact it is. Four experts talking about the things they value in independent, experimental game design, and doing so in a way that even the skeptical can understand. Good stuff.
You can contact Kirk Hamilton, the author of this post, at kirk@kotaku.com. You can also find him on Twitter, Facebook, and lurking around our #tips page.
How do people play games? (Updated!)
Updated: January 16, 2012. Based on your player traces, we obtained a lot of interesting data. As a result, we have made some further improvements to the data collection process for the game. Can you help us once more by playing a few games of Scrabble?
We are researchers at North Carolina State University. Help participate in research by spending a few minutes or more playing a variation of a popular online game, Scrabble. Playing our game will help us improve the design of games in many areas, including usability, interaction, and artificial intelligence.
The game is completely free to play, and no personally identifiable information will be collected. In addition, with the exception of Capabilities, no events or actions that occur outside of the Flash game environment will be recorded.
This game will collect information about your in-game actions anonymously. Consequently, you must be 18 or older and be willing to allow us to gather data on your in-game actions to play this game. If you agree to the conditions, you may begin playing the game right away!
Even if you don't have a lot of time to play, simply clicking the Like button and sharing the page on Facebook with others will allow us to more quickly collect the critical data that we need.
If you have any questions about the study, please feel free to contact the principal investigators, Titus Barik, or Brent Harrison. Titus can also be reached using Google Talk at the same address.
Let us know what kind of bread you like, which country you live in and whether you bake your own loaves or buy it.
Among all entries, we will raffle off an iPad Mini.
Send your photo with the key word 'bread' to: ingoodshape@dw.de.
Or send it to us by mail to:
Deutsche Welle
In Good Shape
Voltrastraße 6
13355 Berlin
Germany
The closing date is December 2nd, 2014.
Don't forget to include your address, so that we can send you your prize if you win.
And as always, our decision is final. We will show a selection of your photos from around the world in our show and on our website. All those who take part will be entered into a draw for an iPad Mini. We look foward to your photos.
.- States cannot keep federal grants away from Planned Parenthood clinics, the Obama administration ruled on Wednesday in a move that critics say is a “parting gift to Big Abortion.”
“The Obama administration, even in its waning hours, has chosen to put Planned Parenthood's Big Abortion agenda ahead of women's health and the right of states to decide how best to prioritize public health funding so that patients and the most comprehensive health providers come first,” Steven H. Aden, senior counsel at Alliance Defending Freedom stated.
The Department of Health and Human Services released final regulations “to increase access to affordable family planning and preventive services” under Title X grants Dec. 14. The new rule takes effect Jan. 18, two days before the inauguration of Donald Trump.
Title X is a federal program that promotes “family planning” through grants to various providers of health care through the states.
In its new rule, the HHS says that states can't withhold these grants to certain health providers if they provide the “family planning” services that Title X is based on: “no grant recipient making subawards for the provision of services as part of its Title X project may prohibit an entity from participating for reasons other than its ability to provide Title X services.”
Thus, if states felt that community health centers – which do not provide abortions but offer other health care options like breast cancer screenings – should receive grants over Planned Parenthood affiliates – which provide abortions but not breast cancer screenings or health care that is not preventative – they could not favor the health centers if both recipients met the criteria for the Title X grants.
“In the past several years, a number of states have taken actions to restrict participation by certain types of providers as subrecipients in the Title X Program, unrelated to the provider's ability to provide family planning services,” the HHS stated.
“This has caused limitations in the geographic distribution of services and decreased access to services,” they added, noting that the final rule was meant to “protect access to family planning services.”
States such as New Hampshire and Kansas have tried to limit Planned Parenthood affiliates' funding under the program, the HHS has claimed, but now they can only do so if they “can prove that they disperse birth control better than Planned Parenthood does.”
“Planned Parenthood isn't superior to true, publicly-funded health care centers -- which are far more numerous – simply because it claims to focus on dispensing birth control, despite being America's largest abortion business,” Aden said.
Back in October, ADF, along with the pro-life Susan B. Anthony List and its research arm the Charlotte Lozier Institute, wrote to the HHS asking them “to reject the proposed rule, as it contradicts the letter and spirit of Title X not to subsidize elective abortion.” Planned Parenthood is the nation's largest abortion provider.
ADF continued, saying the rule blatantly favors Planned Parenthood over public health centers, trampling on the states' legitimate authority to disburse the federal grants to organizations that best align with their declared health policy.
“By defining ‘quality of care' in a way that strongly favors providers who focus on contraceptive services, HHS asserts that ‘reproductive healthcare providers' such as Planned Parenthood are superior to the federal government's own system of public healthcare because they more effectively deliver contraception – a proposition both remarkable and untrue,” the comments stated.
Plus, it is “simply better healthcare policy” to leave federal health funding to centers like community health centers that provide an array of healthcare options and not just contraceptives, ADF added:
“Unlike boutique ‘reproductive healthcare providers' such as Planned Parenthood affiliates, such primary and preventive care centers provide low-income families with access to not only family planning services, but also vital preventive services, including prenatal and perinatal services, well-child services, immunizations against vaccine-preventable diseases, primary care services, diagnostic laboratory and radiological services, emergency medical services, and pharmaceutical services.”
I had an interesting recent conversation with a fellow academic that I think worth a blog post. It started with my commenting that I thought support for "diversity" in the sense in which the term is usually used in the academic context—having students or faculty from particular groups, in particular blacks but also, in some contexts, gays, perhaps hispanics, perhaps women—in practice anticorrelated with support for the sort of diversity, diversity of ideas, that ought to matter to a university.
I offered my standard example. Imagine that a university department has an opening and is down to two or three well qualified candidates. They learn that one of them is an articulate supporter of South African Apartheid. Does the chance of hiring him go up or down? If the university is actually committed to intellectual diversity, the chance should go up—it is, after all, a position that neither faculty nor students are likely to have been exposed to. In fact, in any university I am familiar with, it would go sharply down.
The response was that that he considered himself very open minded, getting along with people across the political spectrum, but that that position was so obviously beyond the bounds of reasonable discourse that refusing to hire the candidate was the correct response.
The question I should have asked and didn't was whether he had ever been exposed to an intelligent and articulate defense of apartheid. Having spent my life in the same general environment—American academia—as he spent his, I think the odds are pretty high that he had not been. If so, he was in the position of a judge who, having heard the case for the prosecution, convicted the defendant without bothering to hear the defense. Worse still, he was not only concluding that the position was wrong—we all have limited time and energy, and so must often reach such conclusions on an inadequate basis—he was concluding it with a level of certainty so high that he was willing to rule out the possibility that the argument on the other side might be worth listening to.
An alternative question I might have put to him was whether he could make the argument for apartheid about as well as a competent defender of that system could. That, I think, is a pretty good test of whether one has an adequate basis to reject a position—if you don't know the arguments for it, you probably don't know whether those arguments are wrong, although there might be exceptions. I doubt that he could have. At least, in the case of political controversies where I have been a supporter of the less popular side, my experience is that those on the other side considerably overestimate their knowledge of the arguments they reject.
Which reminds me of something that happened to me almost fifty years ago—in 1964, when Barry Goldwater was running for President. I got into a friendly conversation with a stranger, probably set off by my wearing a Goldwater pin and his curiosity as to how someone could possibly support that position.
We ran through a series of issues. In each case, it was clear that he had never heard the arguments I was offering in defense of Goldwater's position and had no immediate rebuttal. At the end he asked me, in a don't-want-to-offend-you tone of voice, whether I was taking all of these positions as a joke.
I interpreted it, and still do, as the intellectual equivalent of "what is a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?" How could I be intelligent enough to make what seemed like convincing arguments for positions he knew were wrong, and yet stupid enough to believe them?
Submitted by Bill Bonner via Acting-Man blog,
Funding an Empire with Debt
In 2006, we wrote a book with Addison Wiggin called Empire of Debt: The Rise of an Epic Financial Crisis. The idea of the book was as follows:
Empires are not the result of conscious thought; they happen when a group is large enough and powerful enough to impose itself on others. But empires are expensive. They are typically financed by theft and forced tribute. The imperial power conquers… steals… and then requires that its subjects pay “taxes” so that it can protect them.
The US never got the hang of it. It conquers. But it loses money on each conquest. How does it sustain itself? With debt.
It doesn't take tribute from the rest of the world; it borrows from it. As far as we know, no other empire has ever tried to finance itself by borrowing. But it is a special kind of debt. The US borrows in its own currency – which it can print as it chooses. If the burden of repayment is too high, in theory, the Fed can just print more dollars to satisfy its obligations.
(Photo credit: Michael Brown)
Here is further insight from two foreign policy professors Flynt Leverett and Hillary Mann Leverett:
“Since World War II, America's geopolitical supremacy has rested not only on military might, but also on the dollar's standing as the world's leading transactional and reserve currency. Economically, dollar primacy extracts “seignorage” – the difference between the cost of printing money and its value – from other countries, and minimizes US firms' exchange rate risk. Its real importance, though, is strategic: Dollar primacy lets America cover its chronic current account and fiscal deficits by issuing more of its own currency – precisely how Washington has funded its hard power projection for over half a century.”
In the 1950s and 1960s, this posed little risk to foreigners, because the US dollar was backed by gold. But in 1971 – on August 15 – President Nixon repudiated the greenback's gold backing – click to enlarge.
Global Inflation
Nevertheless, the dollar reigned supreme. Foreign nations needed to stock dollars in order to settle up on their overseas financial transactions. The US printed dollars… Americans spent them on foreign goods… foreign central banks bought them from their local merchants and manufacturers, and reinvested much of them in US government debt.
The dollars went out … in exchange for valuable goods and services … and then they came back in exchange for – more pieces of paper!
Year after year, the US ran a trade deficit. Year after year, US paper dollars and Treasury debt stacked up in foreign banks. We haven't done a recent calculation. But the last time we looked, net cumulative deficits were approaching the $10 trillion mark.
When foreign central banks took in dollars, they had to print local currencies to give to local exporters in exchange for dollars. The owner of an export firm presented the dollars to the local bank; he needed yuan, yen or zlotys to pay his bills. The local central bank invested those dollars back in the US.
This is how the US credit boom led to an explosion of cash and credit all over the world. Foreign central banks had to increase their money supplies – by printing up local currencies – to use to exchange for the rush of dollars.
This is what led Ben Bernanke to refer to a “global savings glut.” Actually, these were not savings at all – but money created ex nihilo by central banks. Our point is that all empires end when they are defeated by a more vigorous empire… or when their financing runs out.
China's forex reserves: this is one of the symptoms of US debt and money supply inflation - click to enlarge.
The Beginning of the End
And now we are seeing the beginning of the end. From the Leveretts:
“America is increasingly viewed as a hegemon in relative decline, China is seen as the preeminent rising power. Even for Gulf Arab states long reliant on Washington as their ultimate security guarantor, this makes closer ties to Beijing an imperative strategic hedge. For Russia, deteriorating relations with the United States impel deeper cooperation with China, against what both Moscow and Beijing consider a declining, yet still dangerously flailing and over-reactive, America.”
Economist Liam Halligan, writing in British newspaper The Telegraph elaborates:
“Beijing has struck numerous agreements with Brazil and India that bypass the dollar. China and Russia have also set up ruble-yuan swaps pushing America's currency out of the picture. But if Beijing and Moscow – the world's largest energy importer and producer respectively – drop dollar energy pricing, America's reserve currency status could unravel. That would undermine the US Treasury market and seriously complicate Washington's ability to finance its vast and still fast-growing $17,500 billion of dollar-denominated debt.”
When the money runs out… so does the empire. Perhaps with a whimper. Or maybe a bang.
How hegemons decline, via JCMargeson – click to enlarge.
One of the left-overs of the Western Roman Empire. They didn't expect this to happen, but ultimately, Rome was brought down by the same overreach and the same reaction to its failure that brings down all empires. What ultimately ended the Roman empire was, you guessed it, inflation and price controls!
(Photo by DAVID ILIFF. License: CC-BY-SA 3.0)
RedArmyRockstar wrote:
Most psuedonames are used do to someone being embarressed or otherwise incidently unable to publicly do something. Whoever used the name obviously didnt want to be affiliated with either Metal Gear or Perhaps Video Games in general. But that point begs the question of why do it in the first place if you didnt want to be affiliated? I imagine it could have been solely for money or someone who who was afraid of scrutiny from colleagues or family.
That's not always the case at all. Look at the first Metal Gear Solid game, where almost all the English voice actors took on pseudonyms. I've heard a lot about this, but still don't really understand it - basically if they voice actors are in a union they're contractually not allowed to appear in certain productions, I think, and MGS was one such example.
It's entirely possible that Suzetta Minet isn't someone who has appeared in Metal Gear Solid before, thus she's keeping her identity hidden. Looking at contemporary works like Persona 4, where Naoto's (original) voice actress is unknown, it's clear that this stuff happens.
Equally possible is that maybe it was someone like Donna Burke or Jodi Benson who just used the name for a laugh. Who knows?
Bluerock wrote:
Whatever the reasons for people taking pseudonyms, I believe their right to privacy should be respected. If Miñet ever wishes her identity to be revealed in the future, she can do so herself.
Definitely agree. I'm not holding my breath though. If she's gone this long, she won't out herself any time soon. All I know is that David Hayter knows who she is.
Ecuadorian chapter of the The Latin American Coordination of Rural Organisations, which is calling for the creation of a Agrarian Council. Photo via TeleSUR Eglish.
More than 6000 people and 500 groups have participated in public meetings on a proposed land law with the government of President Rafael Correa.
Social movements have long waited for meaningful and concrete progress towards land reform and food sovereignty in Ecuador. These movements are seeking the approval of the land law — a policy reform that would radically transform land tenure and property rights in Ecuador.
The new land law would replace the 1994 Agrarian Development Law. This was a neoliberal policy that liberalised land markets and favoured large-scale export-oriented agricultural production. It compromised the stability of small-scale farmers and the autonomy of indigenous communities.
The new law is rooted in food sovereignty, a concept based on small-scale farming and agroecology with the aim of producing all of Ecuador's food inside the country, national land reform policies and a new international trade regime. It is framed by an overriding commitment to social justice - including ethnic, racial, and gender equity.
Food sovereignty was proposed as an alternative concept to “food security” in 1996 at the World Food Summit by La Via Campesina, a transnational organisation made up of peasants, rural workers and indigenous groups.
Food sovereignty focuses on democratising access to and control over land and water resources. In Latin America, Venezuela, Bolivia and Ecuador have formally incorporated the concept of food sovereignty into their national constitutions.
In the new Ecuadorian constitution adopted in 2008, food sovereignty is defined as a right, a strategy and an obligation of the state to ensure that everyone can achieve self-sufficiency in healthy and culturally appropriate food.
The state also regulates the use of land to prohibit its concentration in a few hands and the privatisation of water.
Food sovereignty in Ecuador is central to attaining sumak kawsay (“living well”), an indigenous concept that offers an alternative model to neoliberal development.
However, the practice of food sovereignty in Ecuador remains elusive and contentious. Since the 2008 constitution, movements have waited for the promise of the agrarian revolution to be fulfilled.
The government has implemented programs and projects that redistribute land and provide aid to transition to agroecology, but not to the extent that movements believe would bring about a radical change in land tenure and property rights.
New land law
Nearly one-third of Ecuador's population live in rural areas. About 70% of the rural population work in agriculture, livestock or hunting. Rural areas have the highest rates of chronic malnutrition and poverty.
The concentration of land is incredibly unequal. Land holdings larger than 500 hectares represent less than 1% of all properties, yet account for 18% of land ownership in the highlands and in the coast, and 12% in the Amazon.
These landowners produce bananas, cacao, sugar cane and African palm oil for export. They are also the main beneficiaries of Ecuador's new trade agreement with the European Union.
On the other hand, small and medium-scale farmers represent 84.5% of all farms but control only 20% of land. These farmers produce a variety of grains, vegetables and protein for internal consumption.
Social movements say the new land law should specifically address the problem of rural inequality by limiting the amount of land an individual can own. This would regulate the use and sale of lands to avoid the re-concentration of land and land grabbing, as well as regulate the exploration of oil and mining in indigenous and ancestral territories.
The issue in defining latifundios (excessively large land estates) is determining how much is too much land. The answer is far from straightforward, due to the heterogeneity in the productive, social, and cultural activities linked to land use across the country.
Movements are concerned with how the state will acquire land to redistribute to landless farmers. According to the proposed law, the government can acquire land that is not serving its social or environmental function - that is, regulating whether land is used efficiently, generating employment or conserving the environment.
Although movements praise the idea of the environmental function of land, they say the law is unclear over how land will be redistributed equitably. In other words, they are concerned about what land, to whom and at what price.
Lastly, movements demand the land law not only protect existing communal land rights, but also speed up the process of attaining and securing communal land rights.
Regardless of land use, for most individuals and communities, formal recognition of land provides a sense of security, enabling them to work their land without fear of being displaced. With land titles, farmers can also gain access to credits, subsidies and other types of support mechanisms.
Although these issues have been taken into consideration by the National Assembly, the law remains to be approved.
Social movement role
Social movements have played a small, but key role in advancing food sovereignty-related policies in Ecuador.
Specifically, movements pushed for the creation of the Plurinational and Inter-cultural Conference on Food Sovereignty (COPISA). This state institution is responsible for writing nine laws addressing a range of issues - from the redistribution of land and the granting of territorial rights to conserving mangrove fisheries and artisanal fishing.
In 2012, COPISA and the Red Agraria — a coalition of civil-society groups — introduced a proposal for a new land law into the National Assembly by strategically using a constitutional provision for popular initiatives.
The proposal was drafted with a variety of civil society groups representing small and medium-scale farmers, labour unions, fisherfolk, women and indigenous groups.
The proposal was reviewed but never passed into law. Rather, the Committee for Food Sovereignty decided to incorporate select articles of the COPISA proposal into one of their own draft versions of a land law - the one that is now under review.
The draft law has endured several revisions, particularly with the series of public consultations the Committee for Food Sovereignty has hosted. The consultations are part of a process whereby historically excluded communities - indigenous, Afro-Ecuadorian, and Montubios (an ethnic minority group from the coast) - are consulted on their views over specific aspects of the law.
Pre-legislative consultation adheres to the International Labor Organization Convention (ILO) 169 — ratified by Ecuador in 1998 — that binds governments to “consult” peoples or communities when there is a given legislation or administrative measure that may affect them directly.
The final draft of the law — which in theory should compile the recommendations of the forums — is scheduled to be ready for a vote next month. Will the law reflect the demands of movements? Only time will tell.
What now?
Although the government has tried to be inclusive and participatory in the policy-making process, movements question whether their engagement will produce positive results or end in co-optation by the government.
This is particularly true for the historically powerful indigenous group CONAIE — or at least its leaders. It has adopted a more adversarial relationship with Correa's administration - and has boycotted the land law's consultations.
More so, with the national strike against Correa supported by some indigenous groups, how and what social movements and the government will concede to legislate land reform and food sovereignty in Ecuador remains unclear.
[Abridged from TeleSUR English. Karla Pena is a doctoral student in Development Sociology at Cornell University. Her work focuses on agrarian change and state-society relations in Ecuador.]
Like the article? Subscribe to Green Left now! You can also like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Misbah-ul-Haq and Younis Khan. In the company of some of the most celebrated Pakistani pairings - Imran and Javed, Wasim and Waqar, Hanif and Fazal ­ they don't shine any less bright. They are now playing in their last Test, together, having done more than any others in the last six years to ensure that Pakistan competed. Here, they tell us what they thought of the other and what made them tick. Here's Younis on Misbah.
Misbah and I go a long way back, to before the time he became captain. In the 2006 Champions Trophy, when Inzamam-ul-Haq was banned and I went as captain, I had wanted Misbah in the team. I knew his background, I knew he was doing well domestically and I was a big believer in him.
Then in 2007, he made that really strong comeback at the World T20. It was a really difficult decision for the selection committee to drop Mohammad Yousuf and bring Misbah in. That must have put a lot of pressure on him, but the way he came in and played, on unfamiliar South African pitches - and won matches for us - was amazing.
He told me at the time that he had worked really hard, not just for a few months but over the previous three years to get back into the Pakistan side. He had been going to the National Cricket Academy every day, he said. It was his bad luck that we had such a strong middle order at the time; that's why he didn't get many opportunities. But, as they say, whatever happens does so for the better.
So I wasn't surprised when he came back as captain against South Africa in 2010. It wasn't easy, that series. When we were playing that last day in Dubai, I remember talking to Misbah in the dressing room and on the pitch. We knew that this was a very new, inexperienced side and if one of us got out, then South Africa could win the Test. Even when the last hour started, they wanted to play on a little, so it was pretty tense. That partnership to save the Test set the tone for us, allowing us to put together many century partnerships.
The partnership in Dubai against South Africa in 2010 set the tone for Younis and Misbah AFP
We were successful together because of the way we are as people. My batting style is quite different to his but we complemented each other well. The experiences that have shaped us are similar -­ his background, his career playing first-class cricket, the fact that we both struggled early on, and that was always with us when we batted: the fact that we had come through it. The other thing that was in our minds is that we wanted to serve the team. We were the seniors and we wanted to lead from the front.
I learnt from Misbah that if I wanted to get a performance out of someone, I had to let them do it - to give them independence and not interfere, especially the younger players. Misbah did that. If a player was making mistakes, he would go up and chat a little, but mostly he would let them do what they need to do.
We have a healthy respect for each other. The way Misbah respects Younis Khan, I want to respect him and his family even more. If you watch my Sydney Test a hundred then you can see his son cheering. The way he got happy, how he celebrated for my hundred; that is that respect and I've tried to return that respect to him and his family.
I'm not surprised he did so well as captain. He is a very strong character. At his age, to be able to maintain fitness, and to be able to keep performing, you can see his commitment. We could not say often that he was out of form. Whatever else happened, he kept performing with the bat, leading by example, right from the front. That is the most important thing for a leader. His attitude has been very important. He is very calm.
Sometimes people say aggression is everything, but I think the calmness Misbah has shown, towards the Pakistan Cricket Board, his game and the team, has been vital to his success. We are humans, of course, and a leader is under a lot of pressure. On the ground or in the dressing room, off and on, he does get angry, but the calmness is there for everyone to see.
Out on the field, I have never tried to impose myself on him. I am a strong believer that the leader, whoever he is, should take decisions by himself. That is why he is the leader. Misbah is not a young leader. He has led departments, associations and Pakistan A. If he called on me on the field, I always gave him my honest opinion and advice. That element of trust has been very important.
Off the field, we've been fishing together a few times. We did it in New Zealand last year. He really enjoyed it as well. In 2008-09, we had a home series and held a camp - we did a lot of fishing then as well.
Read Misbah on Younis here
At a recent symposium featuring the renowned architects Michael Graves and Peter Eisenman, talk turns to fellow architect Santiago Calatrava.
advertisement
advertisement
“Cala-fucking-trava! What a waste,” says Graves, a founding father of Postmodernism and the man who brought high design to Target. Then he does his best Calatrava impression: “‘I will make wings for you and this subway station will cost $4 billion dollars.'” There is so much vulgarity in the everyday. Eisenman, best known for the Holocaust memorial in Berlin, chimes in: “When Calatrava came to Yale, he got up after a long introduction. He said: ‘I'm going to draw.' He had a camera over a drawing board. He turned on music. And he drew for a whole hour. He turned the music off and walked off the stage.” “Such arrogance,” Graves says. It's rare to hear important figures in architecture publicly attack a colleague with such undisguised venom. But, where Calatrava is concerned, it is open season. The Spanish architect built his reputation on a series of graceful harp-like bridges–Seville's Puente de Alamillo for instance–that transformed engineering into an art form. But now he is better known for his design of the wildly overbudget and behind schedule World Trade Center Transportation Hub (due to open by late 2015). Last year, the New York Times ran a feature-length takedown of him, enumerating every disaster–the slippery bridge in Bilbao, the flood-prone opera house in Valencia, the over-budget bridges in the Netherlands.” The name of one website cited in the piece: “Calatrava bleeds you dry.” In a recent interview at Calatrava's Park Avenue townhouse in New York, I asked the architect why he thought he was getting such awful press. “Because you have to suffer,” he replied. “There is so much vulgarity in the everyday, that when somebody has the pretension to do something extraordinary for the community, then you have to suffer.” And suffer he does. On paper, his projects seem like worst-case scenarios, architecture as extravagance, the Versailles School of infrastructure. But then, every so often, you set foot in one of Calatrava's works. ***
advertisement
In early 2012, I wound up at the grand opening party for the Calatrava-designed Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge over the Trinity River in Dallas. In Dallas, this bridge–the first of a planned trio of spans by Calatrava–was a very big deal. The gala was held right on the bridge's roadway. I wandered around on the structure, its white steel arch strung with cables that fanned out in two directions, drinking a margarita, ignoring the speeches (including one by the architect), and staring up at the hypnotic patterns that the white cables made against the inky night sky. From that spot, taking in a sight that would be largely unavailable once the span opened to traffic, cars zooming along the Woodall Rodgers Freeway, I had a visceral understanding of what Calatrava, the ultimate practitioner of architecture as an art form, brings to the table. The bridge was an object of startling beauty in a city not known for having any. Photo © Alan Karchmer for Santiago Calatrava The bridge was also something of a scandal. According to the Dallas Morning News, the official budget, $117 million, was $65 million shy of the real total. But most of the overage had to do with land acquisition. While Calatrava's own fee–$6.3 million–was viewed as exorbitant, it was covered by private donations. The biggest cost was the design and construction of the bridge's many access ramps, something, it would seem, than any bridge, even a more humble utilitarian one, would need. In New York City, his name is routinely linked to the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, which was originally budgeted back in 2004 at $2 billion, but will wind up costing more like $4 billion. The numbers make him seem uniquely profligate, and he has been derided as a symptom of everything that could possibly go wrong with a major public commission. But walking through the World Trade Center's new West Concourse, the first piece of the Transportation Hub to open to the public, I discovered that it's absolutely gorgeous. In it, I'm wowed by Calatrava's aesthetic virtuosity, something that is largely missing elsewhere on the World Trade Center site. *** The Park Avenue townhouse where Calatrava lives is right next door to a matching townhouse where he works. It's the home of an aesthete, the floors clad in marble, much like his transit hub. Everywhere are artworks, vases, and canvases covered with bulls who might have been painted by a very savvy cave man, paintings of trees, abstract sculptures. The doorknobs are ceramic, in the shape of human torsos. Everything in the house–with the probable exception of a handsome golden retriever–was conceived and crafted by the architect. Calatrava lives, works, and breathes in a universe of his own making. Calatrava's real problem may have less to do with budgets and more to do with who and what he is. The interview, it seems, was green lit as part of a concerted effort to shore up his reputation. “First of all, you have to think, it's not my first railway station,” he says, when I ask him about the problems with the WTC Transportation Hub.
advertisement
“We are currently finishing a railway station in Italy, very large. High-speed trains. And also finishing a second station in Belgium. Working on them, it takes maybe 8, 9, 10 years . . . It's very normal.” Railway stations, he explains, invariably involve myriad complex connections with an existing transportation network. “You have to work around things and hook things up. It's slow work.” He's been criticized for, among other things, his refusal to compromise the aesthetics for practical reasons, so the ventilation plant for the station, for instance, is located next door in 3 World Trade Center. Of course, he doesn't see it that way. He doesn't see his design as being dependent on the surrounding buildings. He argues that it supports them: “The same Port Authority that was building the railway station has built 1 WTC. So the station in a way is helping all the buildings around to get built. In Tower 5, we have all the concourse areas down below, in two levels, and we have also the parking level, the delivery level for all the towers. Towers 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1. So I mean we are supporting the memorial, for example, the whole visitors' center. All the underground has been delivered by the Port Authority, before the building was put there.” The World Trade Center Transportation Hub was originally budgeted at $2 billion. It will wind up costing about $4 billion. This is exactly what you might expect the architect to do: blame the developer or extenuating circumstances, but a recent Times investigation of the Transportation Hub's problems largely supports Calatrava's defense. The problems were widespread. Regarding the cost overruns, he says, “I am aware how much the project has cost. But all of them have cost overruns. The Freedom Tower has a cost overrun. A significant cost overrun. And it so happened with the Memorial. It happened with the Museum. It happened, of course, also with the transportation hub. The overruns, so far as I know, are comparable. So we are in front of a global problem. It's not a particular problem of the transportation hub.”
advertisement
Again, a predictable excuse. Blame the system. Except he happens to be correct: 1 World Trade Center was originally projected to cost $1 to $1.3 billion, but the final cost was $3.8 billion, almost triple the first projection. “The World's Most Expensive Skyscraper,” read one recent headline. The Memorial and its accompanying museum were supposed to cost $340 million but wound up costing more like $700 million. In other words, Calatrava is not the only one who bleeds you dry. But no one talks about the other architects involved, SOM or Snohetta or Gary Handel or even Daniel Libeskind, the way they talk about Calatrava. The real problem may have less to do with budgets and more to do with who and what Calatrava is. He's an architect whose reputation is based on form, not function. We live at a time when LEED Platinum certification, a mark of a building's sustainability and the product of endless small calculations, is a status symbol. Many architects rely on computer design that manipulates aesthetic gestures to favor programmatic ones. In this era, the grand aesthetic gesture is deeply suspect. Architects who are famous for their formalism, who are not known for thinking pragmatically–Frank Gehry comes to mind–are watching their stars fall. *** Calatrava is an unreconstructed aesthete. When I ask him about the design of the transit hub with its spiky armature sticking upward like a standing rib roast, and its epic white hall lit by a long slit of daylight (originally intended to be a grander opening controlled by giant flapping wings), he takes me upstairs in his townhouse's phone booth-sized elevator to see a brass sculpture called Mother and Child. It's two curved abstract forms that cling to each other, rocking. He made it 15 years ago and he says the transit hub's design evolved from the shape of that sculpture. His process can be seen in the large hardback sketchbooks he gives to his clients, full of the hundreds of sketches that he plays with as he investigates and endlessly revises his forms. Mother and Child gradually mutates into steel stegosaurus. His process is personal, old-fashioned, and in a value engineered world full of buildings optimized by number-crunching software, deeply self-indulgent. He stood in front of a room of Yale students drawing because that's how he explains his work. Drawing is his process. Calatrava's strongest defense against allegations of incompetence or indifference is the fact that some of his clients are repeat customers. He's built two railway stations in Belgium: “Everybody knows what is going on in Belgium because it is like half of New York.” He's worked twice for the same rail authority in Switzerland. And in Dallas, he's now designing a second Trinity River bridge. via Santiago Calatrava Even at Ground Zero, despite all the rancor generated by his Transit Hub, he has successfully wooed a second client: The St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church, a replacement for a century old church lost on September 11. He tells me that he visited the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul for inspiration and studied its famous mosaics. “This is the Virgin Mary sitting in a throne and carrying the Jesus child,” he explains, showing me the art work that inspired his design. “And here you see I copied it, very freely.” And in his loose style, drawing after drawing, he massaged the form of Madonna and child into a tidy, symmetrical domed structure that looks an awful lot like something Michael Graves would have done back in the heyday of Postmodernism. It is, perhaps, the most conventional-looking building Calatrava has ever designed. “I have never built a cupola before,” he says.
advertisement
The budget is currently set at $20 million with a completion date of 2016. These estimates have been met with derision. But maybe, without the big wings–and the Port Authority running the project–the church could offer Calatrava a little redemption.
A business environment for the new economy
Growing sustainable enterprises in BC
Encouraging emerging opportunities
The economy will be a major issue in the 2017 B.C. provincial election, with the incumbent B.C Liberal government running primarily on the strength of the province's economic performance. However, the B.C. Liberal's measures of success — GDP growth and job creation — paint an incomplete economic picture. It ignores that GDP growth has been driven by a red-hot, but limited housing market, that the benefits of this growth have primarily gone to the already-wealthy, and that the jobs that have been created are frequently part-time, insecure and unevenly distributed throughout the province.
The BC Green Party believes that the economy is not an end in itself. Instead, the economy should promote the health and wellbeing of the people of B.C. At present, the B.C. economy does not live up to that measure of success.
Meanwhile, the BC NDP, after 16 years in opposition and 4 lost elections, have failed to convince British Columbians that they can be trustworthy stewards of B.C.'s dynamic economy.
The world is changing. Between automation, exponential advances in technology, climate change, global political instability and resource depletion, B.C. needs a strong vision and an actionable strategy in order to succeed amidst these rapid, tectonic shifts. However, the piecemeal approach of both parties does not provide the agility required to succeed under these fast-changing conditions.
The B.C. Green Party is the only party that is presenting a platform that ensures opportunities created today are also available to the next generation. The key objectives of our platform that will run through this release and the ones to come are:
Economic security;
Sustainability and intergenerational equity; and,
Responsible government.
A B.C. Green government will introduce policies that promote innovation and sustainable enterprise and ensure an equitable future for all British Columbians for decades to come — not just until the next election is held.
Apparent New Cavs Nike Uniform Leaked
Earlier today, a photo leaked on Twitter of an apparent promotional staging for the Cleveland Cavaliers new Nike uniforms.
While we cannot say 100% the photo is authentic, it does line up with design details which I had been previously informed of the Cavaliers “Association” (the white/home) uniform. All the details I was told about the “Association” uniform align with the apparent design details of this leaked image of the “Icon” (road) uniform.
Here's the photo that was tweeted showing what is almost certainly a new Cavs uniform:
After studying the above image and combining it with the design details that I had previous knowledge of, I've compiled a full-view mockup of what the new Cavaliers “Icon” and “Association” uniform designs could look like:
Note: I don't know for certain of the placement of the shorts logo and I also took an educated guess on the area in which the side “swoosh stripes” end on the top and shorts. I also am not 100% sure about the waistband logo for the white uniform, so I made an educated guess there as well.
So what do you think of the new Cavaliers Nike uniforms? Good change of pace from the previous design? Too much “swoosh”? Let us know in the comments below…
THE NRL says South Sydney prop Nathan Brown escaped a charge for an apparent stomp because he made contact with Agnatius Paasi's groin.
Brown on Monday was not charged by the match review committee (MRC) despite an ugly incident in which he stamped his foot on Gold Coast forward Paasi during golden point of the Titans' controversial 29-28 win in Perth on Sunday.
The incident, in which Brown appeared to strike Paasi in the crotch, prompted former NSW great Brett Kimmorley to call for the Bunnies forward to be rubbed out for at least three weeks, labelling it a “dog act”.
However MRC head Michael Buettner defended the decision to merely issue Brown with a concerning act notice.
Buettner said Brown had not struck Paasi with sufficient force and because he struck him in the groin, he was unlikely to cause injury.
“He's applied pressure and it wasn't deemed forceful by the match review committee,” Buettner said.
“And one of the other aspects here is that due to contact area, there wasn't an unacceptable risk of injury to the player on this occasion.” Buettner's claims that there was a low risk of injury came despite Paasi appearing to clutch at his groin and roll around on the ground in pain.
The MRC boss described it as careless rather than intentional however Kimmorley said he should be sat down for several weeks.
media_camera Brown appears to stomp on Paasi.
“He 100 per cent kicks him, steps on him intentionally, whatever you want to call it,” Kimmorley told Fox Sports News on Monday. “It should have been a penalty there and put on report and definitely have time out of the game.
“It's a dog act isn't it? It's not an accidental high shot where it's a timing issue. I don't want that in the game.” Meanwhile Raiders fullback Jack Wighton will miss Thursday's clash with Brisbane on a one-match ban after giving an early guilty plea for his charge of contrary conduct over contact to an official.
He had touched linesman Brett Suttor on the hip while remonstrating over a decision.
Wighton will be joined on the sideline for the match by forward teammate Shannon Boyd, who pleaded guilty to a shoulder charge on Manly's Jake Trbojevic.
FEUD: Farah-Taylor battle kicks off again
LOWDOWN: Who's firing, who's failing?
Sydney Roosters forward Dylan Napa is facing a one-match suspension for a high shot on Wests Tigers fullback James Tedesco after he was charged by the match review committee on Monday. Carry-over points mean Napa will miss Saturday's clash with Melbourne unless he successfully contests his charge over the first-minute incident.
Penrith's Sam McKendry is yet to decide whether he will fight a minimum two-match ban for a shoulder charge on Melbourne's Cameron Munster.
McKendry risks a third week of suspension if he attempts to challenge the charge and is unsuccessful at the judiciary.
Originally published as How Brown escaped suspension
Just a few weeks after Washington implemented new regulations allowing people to choose their restroom based on their selected “gender identity,” the state has encountered its first case of a man using the law to justify his use of a women's restroom.
According to Seattle television station KREM, Seattle Parks and Recreation is trying to figure out what to do after a man walked into the women's locker room at a public pool Feb. 8 and began undressing.
Several women were appalled and summoned staff, who told the man he had to leave. But the man said the law was on his side.
“The law has changed and I have a right to be here,” the man said, according to eyewitnesses.
The man apparently gave no indication, physical, verbal, or otherwise that he identifies or lives as a woman. Eventually he left, only to return later when young girls were changing their clothes for swim practice.
The police were never called and the unknown man was never arrested.
At the end of 2015, Washington's Human Rights Commission implemented a new regulation that guarantees the right of people to choose bathrooms, locker rooms, and similar accommodations based on their gender identity rather than their physical sex. At the time, opponents expressed concerns the law would enable voyeurism and make many people deeply uncomfortable, but supporters have dismissed those concerns as unwarranted.
“No peeping. Just peeing,” read signs during a demonstration in favor of the rule in Olympia, Wash., Monday.
The incident highlights ongoing issues with the implementation of the new regulation. Seattle Parks and Recreation spokesman David Takami told KREM that no specific policies exist for how park staff are supposed to verify a person's gender identity, with employees simply making judgment calls based on verbal or physical cues.
Follow Blake on Twitter
Send tips to blake@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Imagine walking along a South Devon beach on a lovely day. The waves are lapping on the shore, rabbits are scurrying in the undergrowth, and the bells of the local church are mingling with the calls of the seagulls. Then, as you turn to continue along the coast path feeling calm and relaxed you suddenly hear your dentist say “Fine, all done, you can take the headset off now”. For patients at one dental practice in Devon, England, such Virtual Reality encounters are resulting in demonstrably better experiences in the dentist's chair.
In a study published today (Wednesday 14 June 2017) in the journal Environment & Behaviour, a team of researchers at the Universities of Plymouth, Exeter and Birmingham worked with Torrington Dental Practice in Devon to find out whether experiences like these could improve the patient's experience during routine dental procedures, such as fillings and tooth extractions.
Patients, who had agreed to take part in the study were randomly allocated to one of three conditions: a) standard care (i.e. normal practice), b) a virtual walk around Wembury beach in Devon (using a headset and handheld controller), or c) a walk around an anonymous virtual reality city. Results found that those who ‘walked' around Wembury were less anxious, experienced less pain, and had more positive recollections of their treatment a week later, than those in the standard care condition. These benefits were not found for those who walked around the virtual city.
Dr Karin Tanja-Dijkstra was the lead author of the study. She said:
“The use of virtual reality in health care settings is on the rise but we need more rigorous evidence of whether it actually improves patient experiences. Our research demonstrates that under the right conditions, this technology can be used to help both patients and practitioners.”
“We have done a lot of work recently which suggests that people are happiest and most relaxed when they are at the seaside. So it seemed only natural to investigate whether we could 'bottle' this experience and use it to help people in potentially stressful healthcare contexts.”
“That walking around the virtual city did not improve outcomes, showing that merely distracting the patients isn't enough, the environment for a patient's visit needs to be welcoming and relaxing. It would be interesting to apply this approach to other contexts in which people cannot easily access real nature such as the workplace or other healthcare situations.”
"The level of positive feedback we got from patients visiting Virtual Wembury was fantastic. Of course, as dentists we do our very best to make the patient feel as comfortable as possible but we are always on the lookout for new ways to improve their experiences.”
“This research is one of a number of initiatives we at Plymouth University Peninsula School of Dentistry have been working on alongside the fabulous team at Torrington Dental Practice and it clearly demonstrates the benefits that can be achieved when academics work in partnership with clinicians in order to address problems that really matter to patients.”
Following today's announcement of a worldwide recall of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, Samsung has issued an official statement on how it will exchange devices for customers in the US. The US carriers have already halted sales and offered ways for customers who have already purchased the device to get refunds. Now Samsung has announced its own exchange program, which will provide customers with a new device as soon as next week.
Note 7 customers taking advantage of Samsung's exchange program will have two options, as detailed by Samsung's press release:
1. Exchange current Galaxy Note7 device with a new Galaxy Note7 (as early as next week) 2. Exchange current Galaxy Note7 for a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge and replacement of any Note7 specific accessories with a refund of the price difference between devices.
Customers are directed to either visit the retail store where they purchased their phones or to call 1-800-SAMSUNG to exchange the device through the mail. In addition, affected customers will receive a $25 credit on their phone bill or a $25 gift card for their troubles. Samsung did not say when the Note 7 will be available for general purchase.
The recall of the Note 7 is a blemish on Samsung's so far very successful 2016, and certainly takes some momentum away from the company at a time when it needs it the most. Apple, Samsung's largest competitor, will be announcing a new iPhone next week, and it will likely be available for purchase shortly afterwards. If Samsung isn't able to get the Note 7 back on shelves quickly, it could lose a lot of sales to Apple's new iPhone. We found the Note 7 to be a very compelling device in our review, but whether or not customers will trust the device given the recall remains to be seen.
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review
Hell, Michigan is without a mayor today as the small, unincorporated town's former chief official, Elijah Daniel, found himself impeached after issuing a proclamation declaring heterosexuality illegal.
Daniel, a satirist and author of a comedic erotic fiction starring the character of President Donald J. Trump, took official office yesterday. There are no elections for mayoral office in the unincorporated town that lies roughly halfway between Jackson, Michigan and Detroit. Rather, Daniel was able to temporarily assume office by giving town organizers a small fee.
Advertisement:
"I was looking for a town willing to make me mayor," Daniel told HuffPost. "They'll do it in Hell for $100, so I caught a red-eye to Michigan and got sworn in." Handily done.
It was almost immediately after his inauguration, however, that problems arose. Daniel took it upon himself to declare via social media that heterosexuality and practicing heterosexuals were banned from the burg, in a move that was clearly satirical, perhaps meant in jest and fully unenforceable.
The entire text of the proclamation -- which suggests that heterosexuals living in Hell would have to pay an "$84,000 precautionary procreation deposit," offers "heterosexual reparative therapy" demands that all non-conforming heterosexuals wear a scarlet "H" and cargo shorts to daily, and mandates straight-shaming ceremonies -- is available below and absolutely worth a read:
http://twitter.com/elijahdaniel/status/902979339532333056
As Daniel told HuffPost "My ban is a copy-and-paste of Trump's Muslim ban, but with heterosexuals instead." Indeed, some aspects of the proclamation, and certainly its spirit, closely mirror the president's controversial and still only partially implemented March executive order that briefly limited immigrants and visitors from seven Muslim-majority nations from entering the United States. Much like Trump's executive order, Daniel's proclamation is logistically unenforceable and, by all appearances, directly unconstitutional.
The move quickly precipitated Daniel's impeachment. From his swearing in to his removal from office, Daniel served less than three hours.
Advertisement:
As he told HuffPost, it was of little concern to him. "That's actually not a problem," he told the publication. "Everyone who becomes mayor there gets impeached. Most of the people who visit are same-sex couples who want to be married in Hell."
Indeed, Hell commonly issues fully honorary, practically useless mayoral certificates for a small price, only to impeach those who buy it almost immediately. The office is as hollow as the lordships offered online by the contested micronation of SeaLand.
Though his mayorship was for entertainment purposes only, Daniel is no doubt the most notable, interesting and well-spoken person to hold the office. As HuffPost notes, his parting words ring true.
http://twitter.com/elijahdaniel/status/902999640118890501?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huffingtonpost.com%2Fentry%2Fhell-michigan-elijah-daniel-heterosexuality_us_59a735fde4b07e81d354ffa6
This item has been replaced by the Slushy Maker . The amazing Slush Mug turns nearly any beverage into a Slushee in just a few minutes. Because the Slush Mug doesn't use ice or a blender, it doesn't water down your Slushee like other products. The Slush Mug's secret to creating Slushees with the perfect consistency is its patented Glaciercore. Simply freeze the Glaciercore and then add any naturally sweetened beverage to create a Slushee in minutes. Slush Mugs are made in the USA and feature a manufacturer's lifetime guarantee. Available in red, blue, teal, and purple.
Love our videos? Please subscribe to our YouTube channel:
Turn your favorite beverage into a Slushee!
The Slush Mug can turn nearly any beverage into a Slushee in just minutes. You want a Coke Slushee? Done. How about a Sunkist Slushee? No problemo. Hawaiian Punch? Done-zo. Root beer? Check. We could go on all day. The point is that you can turn nearly any beverage into a delicious frozen treat in about 6 minutes with the Slush Mug.
So, what can't the Slush Mug turn into a Slushee? Answer: artificially sweetened beverages. Basically, the only thing the Slush Mug won't work with are diet sodas.
The secret is in the patented Glaciercore
The Slush Mug actually consists of two parts: the Glaciercore and the Plastic Mug. The secret to creating perfect Slushees rests within the Glaciercore. Simply freeze the core, pour your beverage into it, and presto-change-o, you've got a Slushee.
A super-freezing and non-toxic refrigerant is permanently sealed inside the Glaciercore. This makes it possible for the Glaciercore to freeze your beverage to super-frosty Slushee-making temperatures. In fact, the Glaciercore cools your drink to 34ºF (and at the same time crystallizes the ingredients in your beverage) without watering it down.
The Glaciercore is designed to fit in most freezer doors.
Enjoy Slushees anywhere with the Slush Mug
The Slush Mug is incredibly easy to use. Just freeze the Glaciercore, pour in your beverage, and wait about 6 minutes (stirring occasionally) until your Slushee is ready to eat. It's basically a hand-held Slush maker!
You can now enjoy a refreshing Slushee, made from your favorite non-diet beverage, at any time. Relaxing on the couch? Have a Slushee. Hanging out by the pool? Have a Slushee. Reading about your favorite Slushee-making product on your favorite website? Have a Slushee.
Frequently Asked Questions
Question: So, can I make a Mountain Dew Slushee?
Answer: Yes. As long as the beverage isn't diet, it should make a great Slushee. Here's a short list of some of our favorite Slushees:
Root Beer
Sunkist
Coke / Pepsi
Grape Juice
White Russians (you read that right)
Hawaiian Punch
Nestle Quick
Cream Soda
Creamsicle (Orange Juice, Milk, and Vanilla)
Coffee
Question: How long will the Slushee last?
Answer: The Glaciercore will keep your Slushee in that perfectly slushed state for up to two hours.
Question: Does the Glaciercore ever go bad?
Answer: No. However, if something should happen, the manufacturer backs the Slush Mug with a lifetime warranty.
Question: How does it work?
Answer: The patented non-toxic refrigerant sealed inside the Glaciercore lowers the temperature of the beverage to 34ºF. At this temperature, the ingredients in the drink crystallize and turn the drink into a Slushee. Unlike ice, the Slush Mug won't water down your drink.
Question: Why couldn't I just add a bunch of ice to my drink and blend it?
Answer: Because that's not a Slushee. That would be more like a snow cone, but not as good. The Glaciercore cools down the drink and causes the crystalization (Slushee effect) without watering down your drink.
Question: How long does it take to freeze the Glaciercore?
Answer: That depends on the temperature of your freezer, but it normally takes about six hours. If you're worried about not being able to make enough Slushees to satisfy your cravings, buy two! Or, after you create each Slushee, pour the contents into a bowl and toss the Glaciercore back into the freezer. If you've only had it out of the freezer for a few minutes, it shouldn't take long to re-freeze the core.
Question: Is the Slush Mug dishwasher safe?
Answer: Maybe. It's best to handwash the Glaciercore as some new dishwashers reach such high temperatures that they may deform the core.
Question: So, is the Slush Mug a slush maker, slushy maker, slushie maker, slushee maker, or icee maker?
Answer: All of the above! Whether your spell is slushy, slushie, or slushee, the Slush Mug is going to make one and it's going to taste darn good.
Question: Where can I buy the Slush Mug?
Answer: Are you serious? We didn't make this web page for our health. We made it to sell you the Slush Mug! So, pick your style below and click 'Add to Cart'!
Available in several colors
Slush Mugs are available in blue, red, purple, and teal.
A TD Bank Group employee shut out a Toronto trans woman from her bank accounts and credit card because he didn't like the sound of her voice on the phone, the woman alleges.
“I got locked out of all my accounts because . . . my voice wasn't completely perfect,” says Emily-Rose Kinsley, a self-employed business owner. “He was calling me ‘ma'am' but then switched to ‘sir,'” she says. “[He] refused access [to my records] and then called me a man because of my voice and said that I was being locked out . . . [he] didn't even ask me my security questions,” she claims.
Kinsley says TD's customer service representatives refused to listen to her when she called back and appeared to have no awareness of trans issues. “I even told them I was transsexual, and they just hung up,” she explains. “I was shocked; it made me cry.”
Without access to her money, Kinsley was at a loss. “I couldn't eat or smoke or anything for two days.” She says she used to trust TD with her money “but not anymore.”
“They made me cry; they made me scared to be me. They told me I was a guy. I can't trust anyone who would treat me with such disrespect.”
Many trans women, depending on what age they transitioned, have already experienced the testosterone-based puberty typically associated with boys growing into men. Whereas trans men (who were designated female at birth) can gain a deepened voice from testosterone treatments, estrogen cannot reverse or “heighten” a voice for trans women if it's already become deep (facial hair works by similar rules).
Although there are throats and larynx surgeries designed to alter the voices of trans women to make them sound more conventionally feminine, these surgeries are risky, they leave visible scars and they don't guarantee good results. Also, like all surgical treatments related to gender identity, they are difficult to access and can be prohibitively expensive.
Some trans women can adjust their natural speaking voices on their own, through practice or by guided speech therapy, but not all trans women are able to — or even want to.
“Why should I have to be in a constant state of panic over how my voice sounds?” complains trans activist Christine Newman, who describes her voice as “low and throaty, like Lauren Bacall, naturally.” She says the need to “pass constantly,” for transgender people to fit into an expected set of standards based on how cisgender people look and sound, is unfair.
“It's one more expectation put upon trans people [to be just like cis people] instead of just being able to be yourself,” she says.
Eventually, Kinsley regained access to her money. “It took me five attempts, and five hangups, to get any help,” she explains. She says someone from TD told her that they have annotated her computer file in a way that “outs” her without her consent: “All my accounts now say I'm a deep-voiced transsexual,” she reports. “That is not okay.”
Newman agrees. “I personally find it disturbing that you are forced to be outed as trans just so some call-centre rep doesn't lock out all your banking because you don't sound like your proper gender.”
Kinsley is not the only transgender customer who has had problems with TD. Sam (who asked that Xtra use only her first name) reports an almost identical experience. “I had forgotten my PIN number and been locked out of my bank account. So I called [TD customer service]. They asked me security questions, which I knew the answers to.” Despite passing the standard security test, Sam says she was still refused phone service.
“They said I had to go in to the bank,” she says. Unlike Kinsley, Sam had a backup account at a different bank, so she had other options. When she did visit her branch, she says, she was told “there was a note on my account saying a guy called in pretending to be (me), and we locked the account.” Sam also reports that her bank manager insisted on adding a notation to the file, saying she is a transgender woman.
“TD is a proud supporter of the LGBT community,” says Ron Puccini, senior manager of diversity at TD. TD Canada Trust is a major annual sponsor of Pride Toronto, including 2014's WorldPride, and routinely runs pro-gay and -lesbian banking advertisements during the Pride season.
Despite the experiences reported by both Kinsley and Sam, Puccini says that “we do not practise putting personal information on customer profiles that ‘outs' them.” However, he does not deny that TD judges callers on the quality of their voices: “In order to prevent fraud against our customers, TD uses a variety of best practices, including voice authentication.”
In 2011, a gay man in Vancouver told Xtra that he was denied access to his account after a call centre representative mistook his voice for a woman's.
At that time, TD spokesperson Suzanna Cohen apologized for the “bad service.”
“We don't want this type of situation to happen. People shouldn't have to call and experience this type of frustration and bad service,” she said.
For TD, raising a red flag against uncommonly pitched voices is an effective way of protecting accounts, but Puccini acknowledges that TD doesn't have a concrete solution for its trans customers.
“We are aware of the recent concerns, and we take them seriously. We also recognize that we don't get it right every time,” he says. “We are continuously looking at ways to improve our customer service, and this includes looking at ways to improve the customer experience for customers in the transgender community.”
MP Randall Garrison, who is the federal NDP critic on lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and transsexual issues, says that stories like these point to the need for increased protection for transgender people in Canada.
“Banks are regulated federally,” Garrison says. He introduced bill C-279 in 2012, to add gender identity to the Human Rights Act, which would solidify the government's position against anti-transgender discrimination. That bill hasn't passed yet, but even without it, Garrison says these women might have a case. “They could [make a complaint against TD] to the Canadian Human Rights Commission, and a decision would be made,” he explains. “But it would certainly be easier to find resolution after 279 passes.”
Ryan Freel, a former Major League Baseball player who committed suicide last year, was suffering from the degenerative brain disease CTE, his family said Sunday, according to The Florida Times-Union.
The brain of Freel, who retired in 2010 after having reportedly sustained nine or 10 concussions during his career, was studied after his death by the Boston University Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy and Sports Legacy Institute.
Ryan Freel's career was cut short after eight seasons by a series of head and other injuries. He was found dead of a self-inflicted shotgun wound last December. Rich Pilling/MLB Photos/Getty Images
The Institute issued its findings Wednesday to Freel's family at baseball's winter meetings in Florida, the report said.
"Oh yes [it's helpful], especially for the girls," Freel's mother, Norma Vargas, said of his three children, speaking of the study to the Times-Union. "We adults can understand a little better. It's a closure for the girls who loved their dad so much, and they knew how much their dad loved them. It could help them understand why he did what he did. Maybe not now, but one day they will."
Freel's stepfather said the center's study of Freel's brain will be published in a medical journal early next year.
"It's a release in that there was a physical reason for what he did," Clark Vargas told the Times-Union. "On the other side, for me, Ryan fell through the cracks."
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy is a condition that has been increasingly associated with longtime former football players who repeatedly sustained head injuries in their careers.
Freel's career, six years of which were spent with the Cincinnati Reds, was cut short after eight seasons by a series of head and other injuries. He was found dead on Dec. 22, 2012, in Jacksonville, Fla.
Freel was suffering from Stage II CTE, according to the report, when he died at 36 of a self-inflicted shotgun wound. In Stage II, victims often experience headaches and loss of attention and concentration, depression, explosivity and short-term memory loss, the report said.
"One of the things Nowinski brought up, we're keeping track of pitch counts, can we keep track of how many guys are hit on the head?" Clark Vargas said, according to the newspaper, referring to Chris Nowinski, the co-founder and executive director at the Sports Legacy Institute.
Freel drew attention in 2006 when he was quoted by the Dayton Daily News as saying he had an imaginary friend, Farney.
"He's a little guy who lives in my head who talks to me and I talk to him," Freel had said. "Everybody thinks I talk to myself, so I tell 'em I'm talking to Farney."
The Jacksonville native thrilled fans with his all-out style, yet it took a toll on his career. During his playing days, he once estimated he had sustained up to 10 concussions. Freel missed 30 games in 2007 after a collision with a teammate caused a concussion.
Freel showed no fear as he ran into walls, hurtled into the seats and crashed into other players trying to make catches. His jarring, diving grabs often made the highlight reels, and he was praised by those he played with and against for always having a dirt-stained uniform.
He was in center field when he collided with right fielder Norris Hopper's elbow on May 28, 2007, an injury that caused Freel to be taken off the field in an ambulance. Freel sustained a concussion that caused headaches and an impaired memory, and he didn't return until early July. He then suffered a season-ending knee surgery in August.
"I think what happened last year has taken a toll on this year," he said at spring training the following year. "Obviously there's question marks. Obviously there's people questioning or doubting or whatever it may be."
He sustained another head injury that put him back on the disabled list when he was hit by a pickoff throw to second base from then-Boston pitcher Justin Masterson during the Patriots Day game at Fenway Park on April 20, 2009. Freel appeared dazed as he walked off, both arms extended over the shoulders of Baltimore's trainers.
Disappointed about conditions surrounding a stress test he was forced to take before beginning a minor league rehabilitation assignment -- he insisted he felt fine -- Freel was traded to the Cubs on May 8 only to be dealt to Kansas City on July 6. The Royals cut him a month later, and he signed a minor league deal with Texas. The following year, he played in nine games for the Somerset Patriots of the independent Atlantic League.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Bobby Egan – is a ribs restaurant owner, high school dropout, former drug addict and roofing contractor from Hackensack, NJ – who, through his sheer determination and in some sense his naiveté, managed to insert himself into the highest levels of diplomatic relations between the U.S. and North Korea. Over a thirteen-year friendship with Pyongyang's man in New York, Han Song Ryol, Bobby managed to entangle himself with the FBI, unhinge the CIA and NSC, befriend Ross Perot, get injected with truth serum in North Korea and offer some of the only real insight that our government had about the "intelligence black hole.” His is the story of a patriot and an unlikely double agent. Funny and mind-boggling, it's as though Tony Soprano took a seat at the U.N. and tried to stop a nuclear war. Sometimes peacemakers come from the strangest places.
We often hear a lot of dismal news when it comes to migraine: less than 1/20th of 1% of the National Institute of Health's budget goes toward migraine research, there's no preventive designed specifically for migraine, there are only 416 UNCS-certified headache specialists in the U.S. While these things are true, they obscure the fact that there we're in the midst of many exciting and encouraging developments in treating migraine. Here are five reasons I'm full of hope about the future of migraine treatment.
1. Good preventive and acute treatments are on the horizon. Two different types of drugs that work on CGRP drugs, one type for acute treatment and one type for prevention, have shown great promise in studies. This interview with headache specialist Peter Goadsby, M.D., explains just how exciting the research is. He ends the interview by saying that when this medication become available to patients, they will “revolutionize” treatment. (The video is eight minutes long, but well worth your time).
That's just medication. Neuromodulation therapies, many of which are external and have miniscule side effects, are quite promising. Some, like transcranial magnetic stimulators and vagal nerve stimulators, are expected to be available to patients in 2015 and 2016. The American Headache Society conference in November included a five-hour session on neuromodulation techniques. All weekend, doctors, physician assistants, nurse practioners and nurses who attended the session were buzzing about the promising research and potential for providing patients with relief.
2. Scientists are getting a better understanding of the biology of migraine. Genetic sequencing continues to reveal genetic underpinnings of migraine. Scientists are finding potential “biomarkers” of migraine, which could be used to definitively diagnose migraine. Yes, someday there may be a test to prove you have migraine! Advanced imaging techniques show researchers what's happening in the brain before, during, and after a migraine attack, and what the brain looks like when a migraineur isn't in an attack. With a better understanding of what the migraine brain is like, better drugs can be developed. There's even some indication that migraine drugs can be effective without crossing the blood-brain barrier, which is a tremendously difficult task.
3. More doctors are interested in treating migraine than ever before. My headache specialist, who heads a program that trains doctors in headache medicine and also travels around the world to present at conferences, told me in September that neurologists throughout the world are becoming more interested in treating migraine than ever before. He told me about general neurologists who have treated other neurological disorders their careers, but rarely saw migraine patients. These neurologists, who he talks to at every conferences around the globe, have now dedicated at least half their practice to learning about and treating migraine.
In addition to an increase in the general neurologists interested in treating migraine, there has been a jump in the number of academic headache programs. This translates directly to greater numbers of doctors trained to specialize in headache disorders. At the AHS conference this year, I was astonished by the number of people currently in training that I saw and spoke with.
4. Many health care providers are personally affected by migraine and deeply committed to helping their patients find relief. During the opening remarks of the American Headache Society conference, AHS president Lawrence Newman, M.D., shared his deep frustration with available migraine treatment and implored attendees to support the 36 Million Migraine campaigns so that more research could be done to benefit patients. Then the room went dark. Dr. Newman asked everyone stand up and light their cell phones to “shine a light on migraine.” Seeing that room light up was so powerful I teared up.
Then, in the first presentation of the day, Dawn Buse, Ph.D., requested that everyone who has migraine stand up. Three-quarters of the people in the room stood. When she asked those who love someone with migraine to stand, I didn't see a single person sitting down.
These were just two moments during the conference when I was overwhelmed by the number of doctors, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, nurses and psychologists who are compassionate and devoted to helping people with migraine. “These people care,” I thought numerous times during the conference.
5. Organizations and campaigns are dedicated to raising money migraine research. There's the current 36 Million Migraine campaigns, which I've written about before. Headache specialists started and work to support the campaign, which garners publicity through Cindy McCain's involvement. The National Headache Foundation and Migraine Research Foundation also raise money for migraine research and provide grants to scientists. There are also fundraising runs, like Miles for Migraine and Runnin' for Research.
The Tide is Turning
It's true that people with migraine have been shortchanged over the years, but the tide is turning. November's AHS conference had a different energy than the other three I've attended. Providers are enthusiastic about helping people with migraine and are excited about developments in treatment and research. I've been writing about migraine for nearly 10 years. What I've learned in the last few months gives me more hope for our future than I've ever had before. I hope it does the same for you.
Oracle has released Oracle Berkeley DB Java Edition 4.0 including new features for high availability, scalability and performance. The Oracle press release also says that this demonstrates Oracle's continuing commitment to open source, Java and the developer community.
A member of the Oracle Berkeley DB product family, Oracle Berkeley DB Java Edition is an open source, transactional storage engine for key-value pairs written entirely in Java that can be deployed as an embedded or “edge” database, enabling developers to build applications that require no manual administration. Oracle Berkeley DB Java Edition 4.0 includes new replication features for high availability and scalability and significant performance improvements for highly concurrent applications. Oracle Berkeley DB Java Edition 4.0 with high availability is available under the existing Oracle dual license for Berkeley DB Java Edition.
Oracle Berkeley DB Java Edition provides a pure Java data persistence library that claims to dramatically reduce the overhead of object persistence while keeping the flexibility, speed and scalability of object to relational mapping (ORM) solutions.
“Oracle continues to innovate and enhance the open source Berkeley DB product line. Adding a replication capability in Oracle Berkeley DB Java Edition 4.0 greatly enhances the product's value proposition, since this kind of feature is used for applications requiring fault tolerance and scalability beyond a single node,” said Carl Olofson, Research Vice President at IDC.
Highlights of release 4.0 as stated by Oracle include:
"Alright Teeeaaam RWBY!" the diminutive brunette exclaimed, standing atop one of the twin beds in their dorm. "Are we ready for our first order of business?"
"Unpacking?" Weiss asked, dropping one of her bags next to the window.
"Decorating?" Blake interjected hopefully.
"Sexy times?" Yang snickered, wagging her eyebrows and earning a smack on her arm by both her partner and her girlfriend.
"No, no, and really, Yang?" Ruby retorted. "Nope, our first order of business is… our beds!"
"Oh, I suppose that makes sense," the Cat Faunus murmured. "Better to fix them right off the bat instead of what we did last year."
"So, bunks again?" Weiss prompted.
"Nope!" The scythe-wielder hopped off of the bed and, muscles bunching, slammed two of them together and pushed them against the wall. "Ta-daa!"
The other three girls from her team blinked their eyes before growing identical smiles.
"So… two king-sized beds?" the platinum-haired heiress pondered with a grin. "I like the sound of that."
"It was very nice while at Patch," Blake agreed.
"And gives us more room for sexytimes!" the blonde bruiser cheered, earning her a trio of smacks this time.
"Did you two not have any time together in Atlas?" Ruby demanded.
Weiss blushed brightly and stared down at her feet. "Er, perhaps a few times…"
"We were a little rushed, though," Yang conceded.
"I mean, it's a very large mansion…"
"Lots of closets…"
"But also quite a few servants."
Yang grinned reminiscently. "Of course, there was the one time in your dad's bed…"
Her girlfriend delivered a rather pointed punch this time to the blonde's shoulder. "We agreed never to discuss that again," she growled irritably.
"Wait, what?" Ruby giggled. "In your dad's bed?"
"He was being more… difficult towards the end of our stay," Weiss huffed, her arms crossed in embarrassment while staring out the window.
"Mmm," Blake hummed. "So, a revenge fuck, of sorts?"
"Yeah, exactly!" Yang snickered.
Ruby sighed, unable to keep the grin off of her face. "You two… Okay, so we're agreed, two large beds for our dorm?"
"Banzai!" Blake cheered with an upraised fist, quickly joined by both Yang and, surprisingly, Weiss.
"What?" the heiress protested at Ruby's incredulous look. "I can't be excited about a bigger bed?"
"Alright, so we'll need to buy sheets and blankets," Ruby mused after giving her partner one last look of amusement. "Let's get the rest of the room unpacked, and then we can grab Pyrrha and head into town really quick. Sound good?"
"I like they way you think, sis," Yang grinned, giving the brunette a quick, rib-cracking hug.
"Thanks," Ruby wheezed, clutching her side.
"Our fluffy fox will be very pleased," Blake murmured to her girlfriend as they unpacked things on what was now to be their side of the room on the right.
"No doubt," the brunette smiled in reply.
o o o
Pyrrha, Ruby, and Blake had returned to their dorm after eating dinner with the others in Vale. They had all of their purchases with them, as Yang had declared her intent to "show her girlfriend a good time" out on the town that night before classes started the following day after.
"Do you suppose they'll go out drinking?" Pyrrha asked in amusement as she tucked the red fitted sheet down on her corner.
"I have little doubt," Blake sighed, smoothing out the bottom sheet before flinging the matching top one across the bed. "Yang's definition of a good time has direct correlation to how much alcohol she can imbibe."
"I dunno, that's the old Yang," Ruby murmured, slipping a red case over the second pillow, fluffing it, and setting it aside the first. "And besides which, I can't imagine Weiss going out drinking all night."
"Well, tomorrow is Sunday," the redhead murmured while unfolding the white-and-black striped blanket. "As classes do not resume until Monday, they would have a day to recover."
"Yeah, I suppose." Ruby stood back with her girlfriends, hands on hips and regarding their new bed. "So, what do you guys think?"
"I think," Blake murmured with a twinkle in her amber eyes. "That we need to break in our new bed."
Pyrrha and Ruby each giggled lightly before turning towards the Cat Faunus. "First one to suggest it gets to be in the middle," the brunette opined warmly.
"Mmm." Blake gave them a small, sultry smile as she pulled her shirt off. "You will not hear me complain…"
o o o
Ruby woke up groggily to the insistent poking of her cheek.
"Wha…?" she asked blearily.
"Heya Rubes," her big sister slurred. "Um, little problem. C'n ya help us out?"
The brunette groaned softly, cognizant of the need to not wake her slumbering girlfriends. Blake's arm tightened subconsciously around her as she shifted to gaze across the room. Yang was perched on the edge of her bed, in her pajamas but with her hair disheveled, while Weiss stood in the middle of the room, swaying slightly and her eyes unfocused. She seemed to be wearing her nightgown backwards.
"What happened?" Ruby murmured. She gave a suspicious sniff to see just how much her sister had been drinking, but her eyes widened upon another smell. "...Is something burning?"
"No, no, not right now anyways," Yang replied sheepishly, rubbing the back of her neck. "Ya see… um… well, we had a lil' too much to drink, and Weissy kinda accidentally froze our bed while we were tryin' to make it when she sneezed, and I went to thaw it out an' kinda charred it, sooo…" She looked down at Ruby, lilac eyes earnest and hopeful in the dim light. "Um, can we sleep in your bed?"
The brunette team leader sighed softly, not bothering to shake her head in resignation so as not to disturb the Cat Faunus currently snuggled in tight against her back. "Yeah, come on. It's a freaking huge bed now. Just… tell Weiss to put her pajamas on straight."
"Okay, thanks sis!" the blonde cheered quietly.
Ruby just nodded and yawned, quickly dropping back into a peaceful slumber.
o o o
Blake cracked her eyes open slowly, immediately curious as to why she actually woke before the alarm, especially on their last day off prior to classes starting. The early morning light was just beginning to dispel the shroud of darkness in the dorm room.
Mmm. Might have something to do with a little rose curled up on my chest… She's not usually this snuggly in the morning...
The Cat Faunus' soft smile slowly turned into a frown as she realized that the weight across her torso was far too light to be her muscular brunette girlfriend.
Her gaze slowly traveled downward to spy a messy mane of white hair spilling across her chest.
…
...What…?
Blinking her eyes rapidly in case they were playing tricks on her, she ascertained that, yes, there was a certain heiress currently draped across her and under the covers. She could see an arm wrapped around the smaller girl's shoulders from her left, and she followed it over to where her redheaded lover lay. Pyrrha was sound asleep as well, mouth parted slightly.
Blake got distracted for a moment or two by the sight of those luscious lips that she so enjoyed kissing before she gave her Faunus ears a flick. She turned slowly the other way to spy Ruby curled up into her side, hands under her cheek as she slumbered on. Behind her, though, was a curly mess of blonde hair that hid her partner's face. Yang's arm was across Ruby's waist and resting on the small of Weiss' back.
The raven-haired girl shifted her head once more to stare up at the ceiling, unsure what to even do in this situation. Her left arm was trapped under Pyrrha, and her right was currently clenched within Ruby's grasp, so it wasn't like she could move any.
Well, this is… different.
After some amount of befuddled pondering, Blake simply gave a mental shrug and closed her eyes once more, deciding to just sleep on the matter.
o o o
Blake was next awoken by the stirrings of her bed-mates. Ruby let out a soft groan as she tried to stretch out, narrowly missing her sister's chin.
"Yaaannng, gimme some room here," she grumbled mildly.
"Yeah, okay Rubes," Yang grunted, rolling over on her back and yawning widely.
The Cat Faunus could tell the moment Weiss was fully awake by the quick inhale of breath, followed by her bolting upright. The platinum-haired girl brought a pale hand up to her forehead with a pained moan at the sudden action.
"Ow," she whimpered.
By that point all of the other girls were awake, gazing at the flustered heiress with varying expressions ranging from amusement to concern.
"Are you alright, Weiss?" Pyrrha asked softly.
"I don't… How did…?" The platinum-haired girl shook her head slowly, attempting to dispel her confusion as she perched next to Blake's leg. "Um… Nothing… happened, did it? Last night?"
Blake had opened her mouth to offer reassurances, but she was beaten to it by her petite brunette girlfriend.
"Well, I wouldn't call it anything. You were pretty spectacular."
The raven-haired girl blinked her eyes uncertainly. She didn't drink anything, did she? Otherwise she would have certainly remembered something of that sort happening.
Yang spoke up next with a lazy grin. "And loud."
Blake's incredulous expression must have been fairly close to Weiss' save perhaps for the unmitigated horror that was creeping into her pale blue eyes.
She turned to face Pyrrha as the redhead spoke up next. "It was quite nice, though."
As she gazed into the redhead's eyes, the sparkle of humor there was unmistakable.
Blake sighed softly and gave an internal shrug once more. I'm going to be caught in the crossfire anyway, I may as well deserve it at this point.
She allowed a small smirk to grace her features as she faced forward once again.
"I never knew you had such stamina, Weiss."
o o o
Glynda Goodwitch enjoyed her mornings immensely, that moment when nothing urgent was vying for her attention. Especially now, just before classes were to begin. All the preparations had been made, the incoming class of first-years had already finished with their initiation, and everyone was settled into their dorm rooms, likely still slumbering during their final day of freedom before the new semester began.
She sipped at her coffee while slowly perusing her emails. Some requests for special needs, most of which would be denied unless her definition of special actually matched up with the student's intent.
And then she opened up a missive from the leader of a second-year team which had been rather prominent their first year. The blonde professor had high hopes for them this coming year, even given their past… proclivities.
She frowned, though, as she read over the email. "Team RWBY needs to replace all four of their mattresses already?"
Glynda shook her head slowly, her good mood soured considerably. She suddenly had the feeling that this was going to turn out to be one of those semesters...
A/N: Happy Monday, and welcome back to Beacon! Just to head something off right away, though: No this isn't going to turn into Greek Pollination. The logistics of that alone would give me a headache.
I had to try and describe some things in A Thorny Bind carefully. For starters, not describing where Yang and Weiss were sleeping in the earlier chapters, before Freezerburn was a thing (because they already would have been by the events of most chapters). Also, I tried to not be overly descriptive of the beds, except for a couple chapters in the beginning when I refer to it as "Blake's bunk", but that was before I decided on the current bed layout for their second year. Not feeling the need right now to go and fix anything.
Hmm, what else… Oh! For those Redditors who are reading - I am most disappointed that there was only one entry for Purruby in the Ship Wars write-in round. I should have done a campaign. Ah, well.
Much love for all my fantastic reviewers. So happy everyone liked the Freezerburn chapter! DeamonHunter, DschingisKhan (I admit to nothing), Demonic Angel C, Boombox94, Jack Inqu, Nicodemus Cain, ILikeHotDogs, SonicFan12, kaiju62, RedWing36, Marauderby, SamuraiShippo, Mossblomma, Imagine Exorcist, Gorsouul (Laughter is not supposed to be painful!), THB4. You're all beautiful people!
Stay shiny!
Amy Schlichter has spent her adult life dedicated to unborn children.
She has had 11 failed pregnancies, she said. Four of her five children are adopted. Now, she wants to turn her own pain into a movement, so her lost children's lives can have meaning.
Schlichter, 40, is the spokesperson for a new bill that would prohibit physicians from performing abortions if a fetal heartbeat is detected.
“I have loved unborn children for years and years and prayed for them and have suffered great loss of my own,” Schlichter said. “I just feel like this is a place for me to fight for something good and make their losses not in vain.”
Senate Bill 144, also dubbed the Indiana Heartbeat Bill, would make it a level 5 felony to perform or induce an abortion before checking for a fetal heartbeat or performing the abortion after detecting one.
According to americanpregnancy.org, a fetal heartbeat can typically be detected from six-and-a-half to seven weeks into a pregnancy.
A sister bill, House Bill 1337, is also in motion with identical language. Both bills are currently sitting in committee, Schlichter said.
SB 144 would make exemptions if a woman's life or health is at risk but says it “requires a physician to document certain information in writing if the physician determined that a medical emergency existed and performed or induced an abortion of an unborn human individual with a detectable heartbeat.”
Schlichter said she hopes by the end of the current Indiana legislative session, the chairs of the two committees — the Health and Provider Services Committee in the Senate and the Public Policy Committee in the House — will allow the bills to have a fair hearing.
Schlichter said she contacted Sen. Jim Banks, R-Columbia City, who met with her and drafted SB 144 along with Sen. Scott Schneider, R-Indianapolis.
“This important legislation would protect unborn Hoosiers' right to life and also includes important women's health protections,” Banks said in a press release. “It is my hope that this bill would help continue the decline in abortions performed in Indiana.”
Bills similar to SB 144 have been introduced in other states but have not come to fruition. Many have died or been postponed in committee.
Ohio also has its own heartbeat bill, House Bill 69, which Schlichter said was part of her inspiration to begin a similar movement in Indiana. The bill in Ohio passed the House of Representatives but has not progressed further.
The National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws is a non-profit, pro-choice organization with several state affiliates. Though Indiana does not have its own NARAL affiliate, Ohio does. The Ohio office released a press release March 24 of last year strongly opposing HB 69.
“When will this legislature learn?” said Kellie Copeland, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Ohio, in the release. “These decisions must be made by women, not politicians. At six weeks, many women don't know they are pregnant. This bill would effectively outlaw abortion in Ohio.”
In North Dakota, a similar act, House Bill 1456, was signed into law in 2013, but was later blocked in July 2015 by the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Dawn Johnsen, an IU law professor, said she believes if the Indiana legislature enacts SB 144, the same thing will happen to the bill that happened to HB 1456 in North Dakota — it will be struck down by federal courts because it is flatly unconstitutional.
Johnsen, who also served as the head of Office of Legal Counsel during the Clinton administration, said the law is a “very clear and easy case” because it would ban and criminalize abortion outright, which directly opposes Roe vs. Wade, the most infamous Supreme Court abortion case in United States history.
In Roe vs. Wade, the Court ruled 7-2 in 1973 in favor of a woman's right to choose and declared the right was protected by the right to privacy in the 14th Amendment. Johnson said Indiana SB 114 is so unconstitutional that even leading anti-abortion advocates believe it's a bad idea to enact for fear it might backfire and cause a setback in the mission to overturn Roe vs. Wade.
“There's no question that that is what's called an undue burden on a woman's right to make her own decision,” Johnsen said. “I think if the Indiana legislature enacts this bill, it will be struck down for sure by the federal courts. It is therefore a waste of taxpayer money and an insult to women and their families to try to take away a constitutional right in this way.”
However, Schlichter said the bill has gained a lot of support, and it seems a lot of Hoosiers want to see it passed.
She said she realizes the bill will not prevent all abortions in Indiana, but said she believes it is a good and necessary step for the pro-life movement. She said if a heartbeat is detected then a baby is protected, and her goal is to prevent as many abortions and save as many babies as possible.
“It will not save all of them, and we understand that, but it will save more than we have ever done before,” she said.
Like what you're reading? Support independent, award-winning college journalism on this site. Donate here.
Op-Ed How to end ivory poaching
As the second-largest market, the U.S. needs a ban and stiff penalties to halt the trade.
Not so. The surprising and distressing reality is that the U.S. is considered the world's second-largest market for ivory, behind only China. To the casual American consumer, ivory must be legal; it is not hard to find or to purchase. A 2008 survey found more than 24,000 ivory products in more than 650 outlets throughout the United States.
The ivory "crush" was a largely symbolic act to raise the public's awareness of the tragedy that is unfolding in Africa. Skeptics will question the usefulness of the crush, suggesting that the United States cannot do much, as a practical matter, to address poaching because the problem is in Africa, where the elephants are being killed, or in Asia, where the demand for ivory has skyrocketed.
Last week, the Department of the Interior's Fish and Wildlife Service ground up 6 tons of ivory that had been seized from illegal imports and interstate sales since 1989 when an international trade ban went into effect. The Obama administration destroyed the U.S. stock to remind the world that the voracious global appetite for ivory and ivory products is threatening the very existence of African elephants. Well-armed poachers, working in criminal syndicates, are systematically killing large numbers of elephants — a breathtaking 30,000-plus last year alone. At current rates, wild African elephants will be wiped out within a decade.
The root problem is that there is no longer a bright line outlawing the sale of ivory in the U.S., or anywhere elsewhere. When the world last confronted a large increase in elephant poaching in the late 1980s, the international community banded together and issued an outright ban on importing ivory. The message was clear and unequivocal: No more ivory should enter commerce, period. After the ban was put in place in 1989, poaching rates declined dramatically.
Unfortunately, that bright line eroded over time. In 1999, and again in 2008, the international convention that had banned ivory sales in 1989 allowed "limited" international sales of ivory stocks to go forward. Meanwhile, in-country sales of "old" ivory continued to be allowed, muddying the message that trade in ivory needs to stop. Not surprisingly, poaching rates steadily increased, and then accelerated, to today's crisis levels.
The U.S. needs to show leadership by putting a bright line back in place: an outright ban on the sale of vanity ivory. The current system is needlessly complex and rife with loopholes. Although ivory imports are disallowed in general, African ivory that was imported into the United States before 1989 can be bought and sold without restriction. And carved African ivory pieces that are more than 100 years old can be freely traded in commerce.
With these loopholes and the difficulty of proving ivory's origins and age, the few inspectors on the job simply do not have the resources or the tools to shut down the active U.S. market. And, once caught, illegal ivory traders rarely face the type of stiff penalties needed to deter sophisticated criminals.
As a nation, we embraced then-Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton's call to action a year ago to stop the poaching scourge, and we applauded President Obama's directive to develop a comprehensive game plan to attack the problem. That game plan needs to start with a ban on the sale of ivory products in one of the largest ivory markets in the world — the U.S. — and an across-the-board crackdown on all meaningful commerce in ivory, with stiff penalties and jail time.
If the United States draws a bright line, and stops trading in ivory products, it will lead by example. And our nation will have earned the right to challenge China and other nations to do the same.
David J. Hayes, a former deputy secretary of the U.S. Department of the Interior, was appointed in September to the president's Advisory Council on Wildlife Trafficking. The views here are his own.
Hemp Inc (OTCMKTS:HEMP) is making a spectacular move up transforming into one of the top traded stocks on the entire bb's after a bill that would make Industrial hemp legal in North Carolina was not vetoed by Governor Pat McCrory meaning it will now be passed into law.
This news is a game changer for HEMP which recently announced the purchase of a 70,000 square foot hemp processing plant and decortication line of equipment in Spring Hope, North Carolina.
Hemp Inc (OTCMKTS:HEMP) is holding company with a number of subsidiaries operating in the industrial hemp sector as well as the legal cannabis industry. The Company intends to focus on the huge peripheral businesses created by the quickly emerging, and growing, multi-billion dollar medical marijuana and hemp industries.
The big story here is HEMP's Temafa decortication line in North Carolina. The automated Temafa decortication equipment is designed to separate the fiber from the core of the hemp plant through a process known as decortication.
The Temafa decortication line of equipment, the only one of its kind in the United States (there are 2 in Canada, 2 in South Africa and 1 in the UK) enables HEMP to process raw hemp for American farmers into two valuable base products (fiber and hurd) that can both yield hundreds of products.
Back when they bought the decortication CEO Bruce Perlowin said “This purchase of decortication equipment was a critical step in order for Hemp, Inc. to help Americans transition from non-sustainable synthetic solutions to a hemp-based green solution. We are very excited at what we'll be able to achieve once our manufacturing facility ramps its hemp production volume up over the next few years.”
In March HEMP said it has been given the green light by Nash County to proceed with the reassembly of its Temafa decortication line in North Carolina. In order to issue Hemp, Inc.'s subsidiary its agricultural exemption, the County required the engineering drawings for the line layout and a farm ID number. The company was issued its farm ID number from the North Carolina Department of Revenue and its engineering drawings for the line layout were approved.
To Find out the inside Scoop on HEMP Subscribe to Microcapdaily.com Right Now by entering your Email in the box below
With the agricultural permit in place, the Temafa line of equipment inside the plant can be reassembled. Schmitt is currently making arrangements to get the Temafa Engineers to Spring Hope to begin the process. The Temafa line of equipment is the only one of its size and scope in North America and is one of only five in the world. “There are two in South Africa and two others in France that are actually processing industrial hemp,” says Schmitt.
Earlier this year HEMP announced 2014 year end results; sales for the year ending December 31, 2014 were up 235% over the previous year, 2013. According to the 2014 year-end filing, sales were $7,952,014 compared to the mere $2,370,925 in 2013. Assets for the period were up 172% while losses declined by 33%.
According to executives, these improvements were achieved in the midst of the company refocusing on processing kenaf and industrial hemp with its first full-scale, automated Temafa decortication plant in North Carolina. The 70,000 square-foot decortication plant is the only one of its magnitude in the United States.
CEO Bruce Perlowin said, “We're continually strengthening our market presence in this rapidly growing industry so we're expecting strong year-end sales for 2015 as we begin processing kenaf for commercial use this fall and industrial hemp as soon as it is legalized in North Carolina.” According to Perlowin, it's the perfect migration strategy and he is committed to the American farmers and to spearheading a new clean, green American Agricultural and Industrial Revolution based on hemp and hemp products. The company hopes to generate revenue from processing Kenaf for the oil drilling pipes, textile, building automotive and other industries.
We have a Monster Pick Coming. Subscribe Right Now!
Currently trading at a $27 million market valuation HEMP is a pink sheet stock, who's filings are unaudited with a history of big losses that has resulted in significant dilution in the past; but HEMP is an exciting story developing in small caps and the owner of the only decortication plant in the US very strategically located in North Carolina where industrial hemp was just legalized. We will be updating on HEMP when more details emerge so make sure you are subscribed to Microcapdaily so you know what's going on with HEMP.
Disclosure: we hold no position in HEMP either long or short and we have not been compensated for this article.
TOKYO -- Seven U.S. Navy sailors are missing after the USS Fitzgerald destroyer collided before dawn with a container ship four times its size off the coast of Japan, CBS News national security correspondent David Martin reports.
A spokesman for the 7th Fleet said U.S. and Japanese aircraft continue to search for the missing sailors. The collision occurred at 2:30 a.m. local time about 56 nautical miles off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan, which is home to the 7th Fleet.
The Fitzgerald was back at its home port in Yokosuka Naval Base south of Tokyo by sunset Saturday, its crew lined up on deck. The Philippine-flagged container ship was berthed at Tokyo's Oi wharf, where officials began questioning crew members about the cause of the nighttime crash.
The seven sailors were thought to have been thrown into the sea or possibly trapped inside damaged sections of the destroyer, said Japanese coast guard spokesman Yoshihito Nakamura.
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance. https://t.co/d1l5ctjNyB — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 17, 2017
The Fitzgerald was struck by the Philippine-registered container ship ACX Crystal. The Philippine ship is 29,060 tons and 730 long, the coast guard said, much larger than the 8,315-ton naval destroyer. Aerial television news footage showed its bow on the left side was dented and scraped, but it did not appear to have suffered any major structural damage.
US Navy guided missile destroyer USS Fitzgerald arrves at its mother port US Naval Yokosuka Base, Kanagawa prefecture on June 17, 2017. The US and Japan launched a major search operation to find seven missing American sailors on June 17 after their navy destroyer collided with a container ship, crushing the side of the military vessel. / AFP PHOTO / Kazuhiro NOGI (Photo credit should read KAZUHIRO NOGI/AFP/Getty Images) Kazuhiro Nogi / AFP/Getty Images
The area is particularly busy with sea traffic, said Yutaka Saito of the coast guard.
Japanese vessels first arrived on the scene and the coast guard is leading the search. U.S. aircraft is assisting in the effort, along with several Japanese helicopters and one plane, the 7th Fleet said.
The collision injured the vessel "above and below the water line, causing significant damage," the 7th Fleet said.
The Fitzgerald, an Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer commissioned in 1995, is based in Yokosuka, according to the Navy. Its crew typically includes 23 officers, 24 chief petty officers and 291 enlisted sailors.
The Fitzgerald's captain, Cmdr. Bryce Benson, was airlifted to the U.S. Naval Hospital in Yokosuka and was in stable condition, the 7th Fleet said in a statement. Two other crew suffered cuts and bruises and were evacuated, it said. It was unclear how many others may have been hurt.
The Fitzgerald had limited propulsion after suffering damage on the right side below the water line and a U.S. defense official said there was flooding in three compartments. It wasn't clear yet what caused the nighttime collision between the destroyer and the container ship four times its size. Most of the more than 200 sailors aboard would have been asleep in their berths, some of which were reportedly flooded.
The Navy, Japanese maritime defense vessels and the coast guard were working to stabilize the destroyer as it headed to shore, said Navy chief Adm. John Richardson.
"Right now we are focused on two things: the safety of the ship and the well-being of the sailors," said Adm. Scott Swift, commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet.
Transgender delegate a first for Florida
Transgender Florida delegate Monica DePaul speaks to reporters Wednesday. (Photo: Brent Batten)
Florida delegates to the Democratic National Convention will remember 2016 as the year they nominated Hillary Clinton.
And the year they met Monica DePaul.
Clinton's historic nomination as the first female to head a major party ticket for president overshadows another first, DePaul's presence as the first transgender delegate to represent Florida Democrats at a national convention.
DePaul began the transition from male to female in 2012, at the age of 25.
She said she decided to be a delegate to bring a perspective that was lacking. "I wanted to be part of the process. That and I saw the application and said, 'Why the hell not?'" She says there are about two dozen transgender people among the nearly 4,800 delegates at the convention.
An adjunct professor of English at the University of North Florida, DePaul said she was inspired to be politically active by the candidacy of Bernie Sanders. Now that he's out of the race, she says she'll support Clinton.
Clinton has faults, DePaul admits, but is preferable in her view to Donald Trump and Republican policy.
Those policies, for example, would force DePaul to use a men's public restroom. "Look at me, seriously," DePaul said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get alerted to the latest stories to stay on top of the news. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7105. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
She says transgender people have been mischaracterized by the media, most notably through Caitlyn Jenner's reality TV show.
"For her it's all about, 'Let's dress up these trans women,' not, "Let's get them jobs,' or anything."
Transgender individuals face unique challenges in areas such as high unemployment, workplace discrimination and being disowned by families.
Those are things the next president should be sensitive to, DePaul said.
She says she's received a warm welcome from the Democrats at the convention. "They've all been very accepting," she said.
Read or Share this story: http://nplsne.ws/2aap8hF
Lenovo didn't own up, and then it did. Photo by WANG ZHAO/AFP/Getty Images
Why are corporations inclined toward denials when embarrassing problems are discovered? Two cases in the past week offer some clues—and illustrate how companies can respond vastly better in such situations.
Both revelations involved technology companies. Lenovo had installed some awful third-party software on a number of consumer-marketed personal computers running Windows, resulting in a genuinely horrific violation of customers' security. Meanwhile, according to a story in the Intercept based on the Edward Snowden leaks, U.S. and British spies hacked Gemalto, the biggest manufacturer of mobile-phone SIM cards, as part of a campaign to undermine the security of users' phones.
In both cases, the initial reaction from the companies was, essentially, a denial that anything serious was wrong. But Lenovo changed that stance after being confronted, in often harsh ways, by people who knew better—notably security experts who pointed out the absurdity of the company's what-me-worry claims. Now, in its latest public statements, Lenovo is saying it's going to do everything in its power to ensure that it never lands in a similar position in the future.*
Gemalto says it investigated, and that actually everything is fine. A corporate statement includes the following: “No breaches were found in the infrastructure running our SIM activity or in other parts of the secure network which manage our other products such as banking cards, ID cards or electronic passports. Each of these networks is isolated from one another and they are not connected to external networks.”
That was the rough equivalent of “move along, nothing to see here”—and it led to a more skewering from security experts. “This is an investigation that seems mainly designed to produce positive statements,” Matthew Green of Johns Hopkins University told the Intercept. “It is not an investigation at all.”
If the security gurus are correct, Gemalto doesn't even realize the danger it faces. Let's hope that company's customers will demand more clarity, though the world's telecommunications carriers are traditionally joined at the hip with spy-happy governments, and it may not bother them much that once again they're giving their customers' security little or no thought.
As Slate's David Auerbach suggests, Lenovo's worst offense was ineptitude, which isn't something you want to see from a company that tens to hundreds of millions of customers want to rely on for their personal-computing platforms. (As Auerbach also points out, the third-party software companies at least as responsible for this debacle—Superfish and Komodia—are disgustingly unapologetic or silent.)
When the Lenovo story broke late last week, I tweeted about how bad this looked for the PC maker, and how that pained me as a longtime customer, because it had diminished the likelihood that I would buy from the company again. In an early email exchange with a senior Lenovo official, who seemed genuinely perplexed by my reaction, I expressed amazement at the company's blatant misstatements about the security implications. He later acknowledged, as the company's chief information officer did publicly, that the harsh reactions had been fair.
In doing that, Lenovo was taking a cue, though somewhat belatedly, from the school of public relations called “crisis communications,” and it's mostly common sense when applied with integrity. The PR practitioners spend a lot of time helping clients prepare for what seems like inevitable crises, so one of the most important rules, of course, is don't do stupid stuff that will get you in trouble. But since humans run enterprises, problems are likely anyway.
So how can companies handle these kinds of cybersecurity cases?
First, they should never, ever lie about the situations. If we know anything at this point, it's that digital security is—at best—a moving target. Saying “We don't know for certain, but we're looking into this as fast as is humanly possible” makes a lot more sense. Perhaps lawyers are often involved in decisions to brazen it out in crises of this kind, because companies just hate to admit anything that might give class-action lawyers any ammunition.
Second, they should make public mea culpas if they screwed up. Again, the lawyers probably freak out at the possibility, but then again the lawyers work for the company, not vice versa.
Third, they should publicly explain how they're going avoid recurrences. This is easier when the issue is malware you install yourself, and much more difficult when you're fighting off some of the best-equipped spies on the planet.
Lenovo has taken a further, and valuable, step: It vows to “become the leader in providing cleaner, safer PCs”—eliminating “what our industry calls ‘adware' and ‘bloatware.'” It would be great if this move sparked a race to the top, with vendors competing to offer systems that don't compromise users' security and privacy.
One of the most responsible admissions of a screw-up followed by strong action to prevent a recurrence came a few years ago from Consumers Union, the nonprofit that operates Consumer Reports. A report on car baby seats was deeply flawed, so bad that it threatened the magazine's sole basis for survival: the trust of its audience. Consumer Reports retracted the article in a letter to its audience, and then, after a genuine internal investigation, published a long and instructive piece on what had gone wrong, and how it intended to prevent something like that from happening again.
I'm more skeptical now of Consumer Reports. But I still generally trust it. And I still buy it. There's a lesson there.
*Correction, Feb. 27, 2015: Due to an editing error, this post originally misstated that Lenovo was saying the company would do everything in its power to ensure that it land in a similar position in the future. It actually said it's going to do everything it can not to land in such a position.
Last week, I lucked into 30 minutes on the phone with one of my favorite people: author, speaker, blogger, and activist Cory Doctorow. Our conversation ran the gamut—from open source's role in building a better future, to the function of science fiction literature today, to Cory's preference for prose over code. At one point, Cory offered a rather succinct and evocative explanation of what motivates people to contribute to open source projects. And what he said got me thinking about open organizations.
Making open source software, Cory explained, is an artistic endeavor. Any analysis of why people do it should begin with that assumption.
"People don't make art for market reasons if they're being rational actors," Cory told me, "because the expected return of their artistic endeavors is somewhere between 'zero' and 'nothing', in the same way that they expect a return on the Powerball. It doesn't mean that people don't win the Powerball; it just means that if you're being a rational economic actor, then you don't invest your money in Powerball. I feel like the same is true of the arts."
People contribute to open source projects for any number of reasons, Cory said, but two of those consistently stand out to him. The first he called (using a phrase generation of open source programmers, following Eric Raymond, have preferred) "scratching an itch."
"There's just something you want done, or it would tickle you if it were done, and so you make it," Cory said. "There are a lot of labors of love, and I think that most art is, at core, this kind of labor of love."
Cory called the second reason people make open source software the "Stallmanian" one.
"Ethical hacking," he clarified. "There's an intervention you want the work to make in the world, that will make the world a better place for some important reason. That's another reason people make art."
Cory Doctorow certainly isn't the first to puzzle over peoples' motivations for contributing to open source projects. For some time, in fact, bright minds have been trying to determine just what drives people to work the open source way.
And they agree with Doctorow on at least one point: framing the problem simply in economic terms won't furnish an adequate answer.
In fact, from a purely (albeit traditional) economic perspective, "open source" shouldn't even work. Political scientist Steven Weber explored this conundrum in his 2004 book, The Success of Open Source. It's perhaps the most sustained and rigorous investigation of open source's political economy that I've ever read.
"The microfoundations of the open source process depend on behavior that is at first glance surprising, even startling," Weber writes. "Public goods theory predicts that nonrival and nonexcludable goods ought to encourage free riding. Particularly if the good is subject to collective provision, and many people must contribute together to get something of value, the system should unravel backward toward underprovision."
In other words, because open source code is available to anyone (that is, it's "non-excludable"), and because it's easily replicable at low (or no) cost (i.e., it's "non-rival"), received economic theory would seem to suggest that no one should feel motivated to maintain, improve, or add value to it.
"Why, then, do highly talented programmers choose voluntarily to allocate some or a substantial portion of their time and mind space to a joint project for which they will not be compensated?" Weber asks.
Why, indeed. What, then, is the incentive?
Like Cory Doctorow, we might ask the same question of any creative practice—especially those people undertake together. Jim Whitehurst does. In The Open Organization, Jim explains the need to consider employees' motivations beyond the matter of the paycheck. Today, he says, employees demand a concrete sense of purpose at work, something that transcends economic compensation. Maybe they want to scratch an itch. Maybe they want to populate the world with something they think would bring others great joy. Maybe they want to intervene.
Whatever the reason, economic rationality won't illuminate it. But open leaders need to discover it. And they can turn to open source communities for insight. Yet again, they likely have something important to teach us about the reasons we organize today.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How many years would you have to work to earn $17.1m - one year's salary for Novartis' chief?
Swiss voters are going to the polls this weekend to decide on strict new laws to limit executive pay.
The measures, if approved, would limit the salaries of top managers to no more than 12 times the wage of the lowest-paid worker in the same company.
The 1:12 initiative is backed by Switzerland Young Socialists, who gathered the necessary 100,000 signatures to call a referendum.
It is the second time this year the Swiss have voted on top salaries: in March they voted overwhelmingly to curb big bonuses, and to ban golden handshakes and goodbyes.
Both votes reflect growing anger in Switzerland at revelations that some of the country's chief executives are earning more than 200 times what their employees take home.
It emerged earlier this year that Swiss banking giant UBS had awarded $2.6m (£1.6m) in bonuses - the figure matched exactly the bank's losses over 2012.
"In the last couple of years these managers were really earning a lot - too much," says Corinne Fankhauser, of the Young Socialists.
"For example, the chief executive of Credit Suisse, he was earning at one point 820 times what his [lowest-paid] employees were earning. So it's kind of crazy these wages. We want to stop this."
Appearing greedy
It's a free decision of the shareholders how much they want to pay the management and the employees Kurt Schaer, Owner, BikeTec
The Young Socialists have devised some clever campaign tactics: handing out free chocolate chip cookies on the streets, and telling passers by they can take as many as 12 if they want.
Of course, no-one does, because no-one wants to appear quite so greedy. The same attitude, the young socialists argue, should apply to executive pay.
But while the multi-million-dollar salaries paid out at the big banks are hitting the headlines, they are not the full picture.
The real backbone of Switzerland's economy are the hundreds of small and medium-sized enterprises across the country. The scheme would also affect them, and among their managers opinions are mixed.
Quality 'the priority'
Thomas Gerber is owner and chief executive of Amarena AG, a kitchen and furniture company. The business is small, but it has clients on four continents.
Mr Gerber has eight staff members and earns just 1.3 times what his employees do. He has no desire for more.
"I think it's very bad for Switzerland's image, for us as manufacturers, if we're only ever in the headlines because of these exorbitant salaries for managers," he explains.
"Switzerland is not just a lot of big companies, we are a society. I think we have to return to quality products… They are the important part of our business, not huge salaries."
Image caption The Young Socialists have been campaigning for restraints on top bosses' pay
'Stupid rulings'
But not everyone shares Mr Gerber's point of view. Many owners and managers fear the proposed restrictions risk punishing all of Switzerland's enterprises because of the high-profile mistakes of a few.
In line with company policy, Kurt Schaer, owner and director of BikeTec AG, which makes electrically powered bicycles, earns about five times what his staff earn, and he, too, says he does not want more.
"Of course I'm against too high salaries," he insists. "It's not good for the image. But basically we don't want to have influence from the government into the companies. It's a free decision of the shareholders how much they want to pay the management and the employees."
And, Mr Schaer warns, passing 1:12 would cost his company time and money proving to government auditors that BikeTec is obeying pay restrictions it already adheres to.
"We would have to hire more people in our accounting department," he says.
"I'd like to spend money to create new products, to create new markets… not spend money just to follow some stupid rulings."
Image caption Opinion polls suggest the vote will be a close one
Salaries 'driven downwards'
The Swiss government, too, is not keen on 1:12, pointing out that Switzerland has a relatively successful tradition of social partnership between business leaders and workers.
"Our way of agreeing salaries has led to lots of good jobs and very low unemployment," claims Economy Minister Johann Schneider-Ammann.
"I call it the Swiss recipe for success. I don't want to put this valuable system at risk.
"[If the vote is passed] the lowest wages would not really rise, it's far more likely all salaries would be driven downwards."
Some business leaders have also argued that limiting salaries in such an extreme way would mean Switzerland's leading enterprises would not be able to attract the top people if they could not pay top salaries.
But this argument has not been aired too widely, simply because over the last few months polls have shown that the very mention of high salaries irritates Swiss voters.
What has had more resonance has been the argument that foreign businesses might decide against setting up in Switzerland because of salary restrictions - something which opponents argue would lead to an increase in unemployment, and a decrease in tax revenue.
But ultimately neither the government nor business leaders will have the final say. Instead, in the long tradition of Swiss direct democracy, the voters will decide.
The opinion polls have been close, although the latest indicates that voters may believe 1:12 is a step too far.
But the fact that Switzerland is holding a nationwide referendum at all, just months after clamping down on bonuses, is a message to those high-earning bosses in the really big companies that excessive salaries - like 12 cookies - looks just plain greedy.
Rather than a field of dreams, it looks like the future of farms is a field of drones.
Experts predict that the agriculture industry may soon account for roughly half of all drone flights in the United States.
As part of that trend, farmers from across the country gathered in central Illinois this week for the Precision Aerial Ag Show, a showcase of unmanned aerial vehicles, otherwise known as drones.
Photo by Darrell Hoemann/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
Stu Ellis, the event's organizer, said people from more than 30 states and at least six foreign countries came to the two-day show in Decatur. Organizers estimated attendance totaled more than 1,000.
“The turnout today shows a great interest of farmers trying to advance the technology on their farms to make it more efficient,” Ellis said on Wednesday.
This reflects the growing popularity of drone use in farming, a practice becoming standard as farmers seek more efficient ways to survey their fields and evaluate plant health.
Read also: "States restrict drone use because of privacy concerns"
“Just a tick under half of all U.S. flights over the next ten years are going to involve our industry, period,” said Chad Colby, unmanned aerial systems expert who runs the website AgTechTalk.com. “We're the big player.”
A Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General audit released last month reported that there will be about 7,500 active unmanned aircraft systems flying throughout U.S. skies within the next five years.
Photo by Darrell Hoemann/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
Randy Aberle grows corn, soybean and wheat in Gibson City, Ill. Aberle said he has long been flying drones above his farming operation for a variety of tasks.
“I use drones to check health of the crop,” Aberle said. “Looking for disease issues that might be showing up, pest issues that might be showing up.”
Judi Graff, who farms corn, beans, wheat and cattle in Middletown, Ill., also uses drones.
Graff said that drones are worth any costly investment they may require because the aircraft reassure farmers they are keeping up with what is going in their fields through the information they collect.
For example, by using a drone, she said, farmers could quickly evaluate whether there are problem areas in their fields.
A drone can cost anywhere from about $300 to more than $150,000.
“From what I see from farmers, it's about the peace of mind,” Graff said. “You've got to know what's out there. You want to know what's on the other side of that field.”
Despite the growing enthusiasm demonstrated by the farmers and drone hobbyists in attendance, drone advocates familiar with Federal Aviation Administration rules argue that regulation is currently murky and often restrictive.
Photo by Darrell Hoemann/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
In general, hobbyists using drones for strictly domestic, non-commercial purposes are allowed to pilot their drone below 400 feet, according to the current aviation administration national policy.
Commercial use of drones, on the other hand, is prohibited without direct authorization from the aviation administration at any altitude. Additionally, even if commercial users are cleared to fly drones, operators must be able to see the drone at all times.
Those commercial rules are contradictory, according to Brendan Shulman, head of Unmanned Aircraft Systems law group, a branch of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP, which has offices in New York, California and Paris.
Shulman said there should not be any difference between putting up a windmill or flagpole on private property and flying a drone in the same airspace.
“What is the difference between putting up that flagpole with a camera on it, or a crane, versus using something that uses propellers,” Shulman said. “You're basically using the same airspace, but a different kind of device to get there.”
Furthermore, about half of all U.S. states – including the Midwestern states of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota – have some form of a privacy law that restricts drone use, an American Civil Liberties Union analysis found.
Illinois specifically has a privacy-protection law that guards against drone surveillance.
Photo by Darrell Hoemann/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
Read: FAA statement on drones in agriculture Using UAS (unmanned aerial systems) for precision agriculture falls under two categories: application of fertilizer or pesticides and crop monitoring. Work is underway to implement the provisions of Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to move forward with incremental UAS integration. This section of the Act may only be applied to specific, limited, low-risk uses in advance of the small UAS rule. The FAA is still evaluating this option. Companies from four industries have approached the FAA and are considering filing exemption requests which would begin the process. These industries include precision agriculture, film making, power line and pipeline inspection, and oil and gas flare stack inspection.
New policy limits agriculture applications
Recent policy efforts suggest that new federal guidelines may further restrict drone use specifically related to agriculture, as well.
Last month, the aviation administration released new policies in its “Interpretation of the Special Rule for Model Aircraft.” The new policy on model aircraft and unmanned aerial vehicles stated that individuals can freely view crops “for personal enjoyment,” but cannot use the devices to determine “whether crops need to be watered.”
The policy is under a period of public comment until July 25.
Photo by Darrell Hoemann/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
“No one's here to try to break any rules or laws, or break the FAA's regulations,” said Steven Petrotto, brand manager for Horizon Precision Systems, an offshoot of Horizon Hobby LLC that is based in Champaign, Ill. “But, the industry is strong and we're definitely lobbying to get these sorts of systems out there.”
“The FAA has been relatively clear, but, at the same time, unclear for what we have to do to become skillfully certified,” he added.
Stephen Morris, an authority on drone design and president of the California-based MLB Company, echoed similar ideas.
Morris said he once viewed the agriculture industry as a promising market. Now, he said the restrictive policies have led him to focus on other markets.
“I've always wanted to be able to work commercially in this market,” said Morris, who now sells his aircraft to government buyers and in markets abroad. “We're just looking forward to a future where we can do that in the U.S.”
During the show, Morris showcased his company's Super Bat UAV. At a cost of $150,000, this high-end drone model that can fly thousands of feet in the air and survey up to 55,000 acres in a single day.
“We see agriculture as a big potential market,” Morris said. “Unfortunately, we think it's going to be other countries that develop this first because of severe regulations in the United States.
Photo by Darrell Hoemann/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
Besides concerns with commercial use and privacy, critics have also pointed out that increased drone use presents safety challenges.
For instance, the Department of Transportation audit stated that the aviation administration is “significantly behind” schedule in meeting provisions of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, including goals related to achieving safe integration.
The Washington Post recently obtained military statistics that revealed numerous military drone crashes and near misses in airspace.
The investigation found 418 major crashes involving U.S. military drones from September 2001 through 2013.
“You can do a lot of damage really fast, whether that's to property, yourself or someone else,” Aberle said.
View: images from the 2014 Precision Aerial Ag Show
Deficit scolds enjoy a public opinion advantage because people (egged on by politicians) draw analogies between government revenues and spending and household income and spending. “We have to tighten our belts when less comes in,” goes the reasoning.
Of course, it's a lot more complicated than that when we're talking about government revenues and spending and how it interacts with the domestic and global economy. But simple analogies are appealing, and the scolds use this as a cudgel to whack stimulus proponents.
As we know, in the upcoming debt ceiling fight, the Republicans will position themselves as the fiscally responsible people who want to stop borrowing money for spending we can't afford. This is a lie, of course, since the debt ceiling concerns money that has already been appropriated by Congress.
But hardly anyone knows that. Maybe it's time to steal a page from the wingnut playbook and craft a simple analogy of our own.
The president has pointed out that the debt ceiling isn't about new spending. But maybe he should say not raising it would be like a family that wanted to cut its overall spending refusing to make mortgage and car payments on their existing home and vehicles instead of making smarter choices about future purchases.
The Republicans are threatening to ruin our credit and throw the global economy into turmoil by refusing to make good on credit that has already been extended for money that has already been spent. Maybe if more people got that, they'd see this as the radical and irresponsible behavior it is rather than just another boring round of endless DC squabbling. Or not.
[X-posted at Rumproast]
Ron Paul Supporters Spray Vinegar at the Sky to Fight “Chemtrails”…I'm Not Kidding Posted by David Cole Stein on Monday, December 26, 2011 · 57 Comments
This is a story I couldn't resist writing. Ron Paul supporters are spraying vinegar at the sky to “kill” clouds. They're standing in their backyards, on their porches, and in front of their windows, angrily aiming spray bottles filled with vinegar into the air.
How could I not write about this? If I live to be one-hundred years old, will I ever again get the chance to write about something so incredibly insane?
I have several friends who support Ron Paul. The aim of this piece is not to malign or belittle all Paul supporters – just the ones who adhere to the “if Alex Jones says it, it must be true” school of thought. And boy, do those Paul devotees love the “chemtrails” conspiracy theory (the belief that the contrails created by the exhaust of aircraft engines are actually toxic “chemical trails” that the Zionist/Illuminati/Bilderberger/alien-lizard-man secret societies are using to poison the earth).
When not listening to Alex Jones and Jeff Rense, chemtrail believers obsessively take photographs of the “poison trails” and “evil clouds.” Of course, since the alien-lizard-Zionist-Bilderbergers forbid the puppet governments of the world from admitting that chemtrails exist, the intrepid chemtrail hunters have been stymied. Sure, they can photograph them, but they can't stop ‘em.
Or CAN they? This year, a movement has spread like dengue fever among chemtrail sleuths. This movement claims that chemtrails can be “killed” with vinegar, sprayed upward from the ground. And hundreds of chemtrail true believers are doing just that – and they're uploading videos to Youtube, Dailymotion, Ebaumsworld, and elsewhere, documenting their chemtrail “kills.”
Of the hundreds of “chemtrail kill” videos, the majority are made by self-described Ron Paul supporters. I've dubbed this branch of the Paul camp the “Paulsamics” (as in “Paulsamic vinegar”). If you want to see the sheer volume of Paulsamic videos online, just Google or Youtube-search “chemtrails” and “vinegar.” Below, I've embedded the very best video of the lot. It's ten minutes long. Normally, I would grab a video of that length and edit a highlight reel. But it's impossible to edit this one down; it's too damn perfect as it is. Watch as a chemtrail-obsessed, Ron Paul-obsessed mom uses her trusty spray bottle to combat the marauding trails, as her long-suffering teenage son is forced to record her. Witness her great victory as she reemerges later to find that she has “cleaned the sky.” Oh, and don't miss the clip at the 8-minute mark that shows the state of the family's lawn as a result of the constant vinegar-showers. Perhaps her gardener can explain to her that vinegar is not lighter than air!
(EDITOR'S NOTE: The woman who originally posted the above video has taken it down and closed her Youtube account. As a result, our readers can no longer see that she is an extreme Ron Paul supporter and volunteer, who has edited Internet campaign spots for Paul, and who posted Ron Paul videos on a daily basis. We don't want to give the impression that we are describing her as a Paul fanatic based only upon supposition; the evidence was there, but it has been removed)
Now, my Ron Paul-supporting friends will probably claim that it's unfair to use the actions of a few hundred Paulsamics to tar the entire Paul base. Perhaps. But I'll say this: If two hundred Rick Perry, Michelle Bachman, or Rick Santorum supporters converged on the U.S./Mexican border to combat illegal immigration by spraying vinegar in the air, I'd consider that every bit as worthy of ridicule as I do the actions of the Paulsamics. Of course, that scenario would never happen. It's a simple truth that no other GOP candidate has a group of supporters who are doing anything even remotely as lunatic as spraying vinegar skyward to “kill” clouds. This is something totally unique to the Paul crowd.
Several of the Paulsamics brag about the “money bombs” they've coordinated for Paul, the organizing they've done for his campaign, the Internet spots they've created, etc. This is an important segment of his support base. As Leon Wolf at RedState so aptly observes, “Ron Paul has built an entire political career off of pandering to the paranoid and hate filled when he thinks no one is looking.”
And now he has the Paulsamics as a result – a small cadre of dedicated loons who spray vinegar at the sky. Own ‘em or disown ‘em, Dr. Paul. Or do neither, while still happily accepting their money and support. Either way, there's no denying that your association with the lunatic fringe is a serious stain on your presidential campaign.
Hey – now that I think about it, you know what's good for removing stains?
Vinegar!
*
FOLLOW-UP: In response to this story, Ron Paul supporters debate whether to soft-peddle the “chemtrail” nonsense.
Will Barrett Block of Henry Clay High School be the next Jeopardy! Teen Tournament champion to come out of Lexington?
Barrett, 17, a senior at Henry Clay, recently traveled to the Los Angeles area to compete on the television quiz show's annual high school showdown. Episodes of the tournament began last week, but Barrett won't appear until Tuesday. Jeopardy!, which is syndicated, airs at 7:30 p.m. weeknights on WKYT (Channel 27).
Nearly 10,000 teens took the online test, the show says, but only 15 got to compete to win the $75,000 grand prize.
To prepare, Barrett studied at a website called J! Archive (J-archive.com), which transcribes every episode of the quiz show. Barrett says he examined every match for the past 10 years.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
"Every moment I had to spare, I spent studying," Barrett said.
He credits the time he has spent on academic team with whetting his appetite for the kind of knowledge that is lucrative for Jeopardy! contestants.
Academic competition "made my passion for trivia bloom," Barrett said.
He said he wasn't nervous about appearing on a television competition.
"I never at any moment was frightened by being onstage," Barrett said. "It felt perfectly natural. ... I was tremendously excited and focused."
"He's a remarkable student," said Barrett's mother, Michelle Block. "He's always been into trivia. ... It's been a wonderful experience for him."
The Block family includes Barrett's father, Philip, and his sister, Hillary, 15.
Barrett says he does not know where he will attend college; he has applied to colleges including Harvard, Stanford, Yale and MIT.
Friends who had appeared on Jeopardy! told him that the most important thing he could do was "just go on and don't freak out."
Neither Barrett nor his mother was allowed to reveal how he fared in the tournament, which continues through Feb. 12.
Barrett would only say that he took risks, going "all in" on several Daily Doubles and the final Jeopardy! question. "They all paid off," he said.
Lexington students have fared well in the Jeopardy! Teen Tournament. In 2006, Papa Chakravarthy of Paul Laurence Dunbar High School won, following fellow Dunbar students John Zhang in 2003 and Fraser Woodford in 1993.
If Barrett wins, the money could be useful for his future war chest: His ultimate goal is to return to Kentucky and go into politics.
ONLINE
Watch introduction videos from Barrett Block and other Jeopardy! Teen Tournament contestants at Bit.ly/XtFnt1.
10:23pm: Andy Martino reports that if the Yankees do hire Minaya, it would be in a scouting or advisory role. He would not replace Newman as the head of the farm system.
9:44pm: Via Erik Boland: The Yankees are strongly considering former Mets GM and current Padres executive Omar Minaya for a high-ranking front office position. The two sides have had “serious dialogue” recently, though it's unclear what role he would fill. Boland speculates Minaya could replace the retiring VP of Baseball Ops Mark Newman or senior advisor Gordon Blakeley, who recently took a position with the Braves.
Minaya, 55, is a really old school guy who is very highly regarded around baseball for his scouting ability. He didn't exactly shine as GM of the Mets or Expos, but he helped build powerhouse farm systems while working with the Rangers, Mets, Expos, and Padres during his career. The Yankees will reportedly make some player development staff changes this offseason in addition to replaceing Newman, and Minaya can be a major asset in the right role (i.e. not GM).
SEOUL, South Korea- A middle-aged man is walking through a quiet Seoul neighborhood when he suddenly stops. He lights a cigarette, cupping his hands to shield the flame from the winter wind, and takes a deep draw, remembering how things used to be. He's a former policeman, a broad-shouldered man with a growling voice and a crushing handshake.
Back where he came from, he says, he was someone who mattered.
"In North Korea, people were afraid of me," he says. He says it wistfully, almost sadly, like a boy talking about a dog he once had. "They knew I could just drag them away."
That fear meant respect, and bribes, in the North Korean town where he lived, a place where the electricity rarely worked and the Internet was only a rumor. It meant he could buy a TV, and that he had food even as those around him went hungry. It meant that when he grew exhausted by the relentless poverty and oppression around him, and when relatives abroad offered to advance him the money to escape, he had connections to a good smuggler.
Just over a year ago, that smuggler showed him where to slip across a river and into China, on his way to South Korea. His new home is one of the wealthiest and most technologically advanced nations in the world. It has a thriving democracy and a per-capita income at least 12 times larger than the North's. Seoul is a city of infinite shopping choices, glass-fronted office towers and armies of exquisitely dressed businesspeople. He used to dream of the easy life he'd have here.
And what does he think now?
"Sometimes, when my work is too hard, I think about my job as a policeman," says the man, who spoke on condition his name not be used, fearing for the safety of relatives who still live in the North. "I didn't have problems with money back then. I ate what I wanted to eat." He pauses, thinking about his decision to leave: "There are times when I regret it a lot."
Every year, thousands of North Koreans risk imprisonment, or worse, to leave their homeland, many hoping to eventually reach the South. Instead, they often find themselves lost in a nation where they thought they'd feel at home, struggling with depression, discrimination, joblessness and their own lingering pride in the repressive nation they left behind. Surveys have shown that up to one-third would return home if they could.
Take the former policeman, an increasingly bitter day laborer who now supports his family hauling bags of cement through the sprawling apartment blocks constantly under construction around Seoul. His hands are rougher than sandpaper now. His fingernails are warped. He sleeps most nights in a dormitory near his latest construction site, just outside the city, only occasionally visiting his wife and the rest of his family, who live in a middle-class Seoul neighborhood.
"I knew that South Korea was a capitalist country, that it was very rich. I thought that if I can just get there, I can work less but earn a lot of money," he says.
He grimaces when he thinks of his naivete.
More than 27,000 North Koreans exiles live in the South, most arriving since a brutal famine tore at the country in the mid-1990s. Government control foundered amid widespread starvation, and security loosened along the border with China. While security has again tightened, nearly 1,300 refugees reached South Korea last year, according to statistics compiled by the Seoul government. For most, the journey required bribing border guards, life underground in China for months or years, and weeks of travel through still more countries.
They left behind one of the most isolated nations in the world, where the ruling family has been worshipped now for three generations, and only a minuscule elite are allowed to make international phone calls. It has no free press or political opposition. While the famine is over, the country remains very poor, with hunger and malnutrition serious problems.
It's a country where jobs are assigned by the government, but where most families now survive by selling everything from rice to car parts in an ever-growing network of markets. Most North Korean refugees come from collective farms or hardscrabble towns near the Chinese border. Few have more than a high school education.
Tens of thousands of North Koreans are believed to live underground in China. Some stay permanently, while others slip back into the North after earning extra money. For many, though, the lure of a wealthy, Korean-speaking nation is strong, even if refugees' expectations of the South are often shaped less by reality and more by the bootlegged southern soap operas that are wildly popular in the North.
Those who go find themselves living in one of the most brutally competitive countries in the world, where education is worshipped, toddlers are offered exam-prep classes and a drive for perfection has produced one of the world's highest rates of plastic surgery.
"Life in South Korea is competitive," Hong Yong-pyo, South Korea's minister of unification, said in a recent speech to a group of defectors. "For you to succeed in this competition, you need to push yourself on your own."
But that can be very difficult. Despite government programs that include an immersive three-month program, along with assistance in getting apartments and jobs, the exiles are immediately marked by their accents and their confusion over everything from checking accounts to job applications. Many are noticeably shorter than southerners because of malnutrition, a serious issue in a country that sees height as a measure of attractiveness and success. When it comes to finding work, they have none of the school or hometown connections that are often key here to getting hired, and many South Koreans dismiss them as lazy and difficult.
When they do get jobs, seemingly simple things -- such as knowing they need to arrive at work on time -- can leave them flummoxed, their pride badly battered.
"It has happened so many times: They show up for work for one or two days, then get into a fight with their colleagues and quit," says Ahn Kyung-su, a Seoul-based researcher who has spent years working with exiles.
As a result, they remain far less educated than most South Koreans and have far higher rates of unemployment. Their most common profession is unskilled laborer.
Even success doesn't make life easy.
Gae-yoon Lee, who was raised on a collective farm, left North Korea in 2010 with only a high school diploma. Six years later, she's a published poet who often writes about her childhood and the famine, and is midway through a degree in Korean literature at one of Seoul's top universities.
A quiet woman with a stylish purse and braces on her teeth, she finds herself intimidated by southerners' intense focus on success.
"Even between friends, people are always competing here," says Lee, 30. "It can be really stressful to live here."
With an accent that still gives her away as an outsider, she sometimes resorts to pretending she doesn't belong at all.
"There are times when I'm too afraid to be tagged as a North Korean," she says. "So when I'm talking to South Koreans, sometimes I'll use a few English words that I remember so that people think that I'm a foreigner just learning to speak Korean. At that moment, I really want to be a foreigner."
During the first few months after he got to the South, the former policeman thought he might become a cop again, or maybe join the army. But he's too old to be a police recruit, and he says the army turned him down.
Since then, he's tumbled from one job to the next: He trained to be a welder but quit because he wasn't earning enough. He worked in a food-processing factory for a time but says his bosses refused to give him a raise.
"It was because I'm from North Korea," he grumbles.
Since then, there have been stints with at least two construction companies. The pay is bearable, about $100 a day, more than he made in the North, but his expenses are dramatically higher. Rent, food, subways, clothing -- all are far more expensive here. Plus, he's not just supporting his immediate family anymore. He's also channeling cash through underground brokers to relatives still across the border.
"Money," he says at one point. "Money is the problem."
He's hardened since he first reached Seoul. He looks at people suspiciously, goes silent around strangers and often wonders if he's being discriminated against.
He insists, though, that pity is the last thing he wants.
"Whatever you do, don't pray for me," he says.
If the first semi-final felt like grand opera, such were the emotions flowing on Court Philippe Chatrier, the second was as bland and rudimentary as a cocktail pianist tinkling away in the corner of a bar.
Rafael Nadal crushed the young challenger, Dominic Thiem, in a touch over two hours. In the process, he reached his tenth French Open final for the loss of just 29 games – and no sets - in the tournament.
This has been the most dominant run of Nadal's career at Roland Garros, and that is saying something. The only man in grand-slam history to better it is Bjorn Borg, who lost 27 games on the way to the final here in 1978.
Thiem got off to a misleadingly positive start when he broke in the opening game, thanks to a few nervy errors from the otherwise impeccable Nadal. But while he was able to generate more opportunities – eight break points in all – he never managed to capitalise.
This might have been Thiem's second run to the French Open semi-finals in as many years, but one suspects that his quarter-final victory over Novak Djokovic had taken something out of him mentally. By the time we reached the third set of Nadal's 6-3, 6-4, 6-0 victory, he was a broken man.
Chris Prior, co-founder of Gamers 4 Croydon, has set his party's sights on defeating Attorney-General Michael Atkinson at the South Australian state election in March.
"We're in this race to win the seat of Croydon," Prior told Kotaku earlier today. "That's always been the aim, and that's what we're all working towards."
Prior is one of two Gamers 4 Croydon candidates contesting the state election. He will be standing for the Legislative Council while Kat Nicholson, pictured, will be running directly against Atkinson in Croydon.
"He has said he expects we'll not get more than 1% of the vote," Prior says. "We will, and that will haunt him."
While Atkinson has also claimed he's anticipating a "real contest", election analysts have dismissed the election chances of Gamers 4 Croydon, at least in the lower house.
"In my view, the issue of R18+ for video games won't have much impact at all," ABC analyst Antony Green told Gamespot. "When push comes to shove, a significant portion of the electorate will reject lifting censorship on this sort of thing because most people tend to be rather pro-censorship as a gut instinct."
Nicholson believes the contest will make other politicians around the country take note of the issue of videogame classification.
"When I dent his margin," she says, "it will undeniably prove that the lack of an R18+ rating is indeed a political issue – and one that can cost an MP votes."
Prior is more confident of his own chances of being elected to the upper house.
"Even if Kat is not elected, we're also running a candidate for the upper house," he says. "While Croydon is winnable, the party thinks it's likely that I'll be elected to the Legislative Council, given our broad policy base and focus on accountability in government – a hot topic this election. A “gamers' rights” candidate in parliament will at the very least force governments across the country to think very carefully about their positions."
You can read the full interview with Chris Prior and Kat Nicholson posted earlier today here.
TAMPA, Fla. -- New starting quarterback Mike Glennon hasn't been able to practice with his two starting wide receivers Wednesday and Thursday.
Vincent Jackson (ribs) and Mike Williams (hamstring) each missed their second straight day of practice. That's less than an ideal situation, but Williams said he and Jackson already have chemistry with Glennon, who is replacing Josh Freeman.
“Everybody keeps worrying about that, but we've been working with him the whole year," Williams said. “There's never been a practice where it's just all Josh. It's been Josh and Mike and Josh and Mike, and then just Josh on Sundays. Now, it's going to be Mike on Sunday."
Williams estimated he had as many practice reps with Glennon as he did with Freeman during training camp and the preseason.
Williams also was very optimistic about his hamstring.
“I'm playing Sunday, 100 percent," Williams said.
The 18-year-old forward - who was selected in the second round, 58th overall by Montreal in June - touched down in Michigan on Thursday afternoon to participate in the 2017 World Junior Summer Showcase from July 28 to August 5 at USA Hockey Arena in Plymouth.
The five-team event, which also includes two U.S. squads and contingents from Canada and Sweden, gives youngsters like Ikonen a prime opportunity to put their skills on display in their quest to secure a roster spot for the 2018 IIHF World Junior Hockey Championship in Buffalo come December.
Ikonen is one of four Canadiens prospects on site participating in daily practices and international games, along with forwards Ryan Poehling (USA) and William Bitten (CAN), and defenseman Victor Mete (CAN).
One of 24 players on the Finnish roster, Ikonen is chomping at the bit to get down to work.
"These are the first games of the season, so it's very exciting. It's a chance to show everyone that you can play. It's especially big now, if you want to make the Under-20 team for the tournament in Buffalo," said Ikonen, who spent the week leading up to the trip training with the national side and playing a pair of exhibition games against the Czech Republic. "It's a goal for me to make the team. The goal is to play at the highest level possible. I'm just going to play my game and hopefully do enough to convince the coaches."
Ikonen has shown an ability to rise to the occasion on the international stage. He most recently served as assistant captain and played a key role in helping Finland claim a silver medal at the 2017 IIHF U18 World Championship in Slovakia in April, finishing tied for fourth in tournament scoring with eight points (4G, 4A) in seven games.
If Ikonen does manage to crack the U20 roster later this year, he believes the lessons he learned during the U18 run will come into play in Western New York.
"We played really well as a team there. We all connected. We had good spirit in the locker room. It's a special tournament. You can't have a bad start, though. If you start the tournament badly, it's hard to play for a medal," said Ikonen, on his recipe for international success. "You have to have a strong beginning and just focus."
Beyond scouting out the field and cheering on his country, Ikonen has paid particularly close attention to the World Juniors in recent years for more personal reasons. His brother, Juuso, claimed gold at the annual tournament in 2014, and represented Finland again the following year. Then, in 2016, Finland once again finished atop the podium, securing the title in Helsinki.
"I've learned a lot from him, just speaking to him about all the experiences he's had. He just tries to help me," said Ikonen, whose father, Juha, also sported Finland's colors internationally, winning silver at the 1998 IIHF World Championship in Switzerland. "My dad had a pretty long professional career in Finland. He played some national team games also. He coached me during almost all of my Junior career."
When the Summer Showcase wraps up, the Espoo native will head back across the pond to the Finnish town of Kuopio to join KalPa of the Finnish Elite League where he'll compete in the senior ranks on a full-time basis for the first time in his career. Having spent the last two seasons in Frölunda's system in Sweden, Ikonen is eagerly anticipating the chance to suit up on home soil again and play for former NHLer and KalPa bench boss Sami Kapanen.
"I'm really looking forward to next season. I talked to Sami a couple of times. I met him. I've heard good things about him and the whole KalPa organization. It's going to be really fun," said Ikonen, who was officially loaned to KalPa from Frölunda on July 19. "I have an opportunity to get some ice time and prove to Sami and the coaches that I can play. It's the first season with the men for me, so it's a big jump, a big step. I really think I'm ready for it. KalPa is an organization that plays really fast hockey. I enjoy playing that way. I think it's good for me to play a fast game. After last season, it just felt like a good choice."
Ikonen won't have much time to settle in upon his return, which suits him just fine.
"The season with KalPa starts next week, but I'll miss the first week because of this tournament. We'll have training games directly when I get back. Hockey season is here," he said. "It's really good to be back in Finland. I enjoyed my time in Sweden, but it's good to be back home."
For the next week, however, Ikonen's focus is squarely on putting on a good show in the Great Lakes State and auditioning for a starring role he hopes to land five months from now.
"We have a talented group of guys here. They're all really competitive. We think we have a good team," said Ikonen, who will open the event against Poehling and Team USA - White on Saturday afternoon, before taking on Bitten and Mete on Wednesday, August 2. "I met them at development camp. They're all good guys. I'm really looking forward to playing against them."
To view the complete 2017 Summer Showcase schedule, click here.
"He doesn't spin it enough". "He's a white-ball bowler". "His best ball isn't anything special". "He's at best a second spinner who bats a little." "Consistent, but nothing special." "He needs to grow a foot taller and bowl a doosra".
Steve O'Keefe has heard this kind of talk his whole career. He made his debut in first-class cricket in 2005; he played his second game in 2009. In Australia's post-Warne era, O'Keefe didn't spin it enough, he wasn't a legspinner, and there was nothing x-factor about him. The poor guy was just superb at consistently bowling in the same spot and taking wickets at a lower rate than any other modern spinner.
So it looked like his best chance was to grow a foot taller, rip the ball sideways, be more dominant with the bat, and learn to bowl a doosra.
The problem was, he found the doosra too difficult, so he just stuck with what worked for him. When he took wickets, he often made the joke he had burgled a few.
****
When O'Keefe was named in the Australian touring squad to India, he made a big decision. Part of the Sydney Sixers, who were on their way to the finals of the Big Bash League, he decided - and Cricket Australia agreed - that he should be rested from the tournament. It was a big call at the time, and it became a bigger one when his team played in the Big Bash final.
But O'Keefe has been trying to break into the Australian team since his first international game in 2010 when he played a neutral T20I against Pakistan. To become the player he has always wanted to be, he needed to make this big call.
Those sacrifices seemed to be working when he played for Manly-Warringah against Campbelltown-Camden and took 9 for 54 off 29.5 overs, and also took the catch of the wicket he didn't take, in true Richard Hadlee style.
That wasn't the only thing O'Keefe did to prepare. The former teacher has worked with Muttiah Muralitharan and Terry Jenner (who said he bowled blancmanges). But, before this series, he also worked with Monty Panesar, talked to Rangana Herath and Daniel Vettori, before then having Cricket Australia hire Tamil Nadu allrounder Sridharan Sriram as a consultant for this series.
It was with Sriram who he bowled in the lunch session on day one. While others have been ignoring him or writing him off, he's been improving and readying himself.
****
Shane Warne was quite open on the cricket this morning; Steve O'Keefe wasn't his first choice. Mitchell Swepson, the young legspinner was. And even as his second choice, he had Ashton Agar. And really if he had the choice, it's doubtful Warne would have had O'Keefe as his third or fourth. At one stage, O'Keefe spun a ball, and Warne joked it must have hit a rock. In large part because he isn't one of Warne's boys. Not part of the suck-up club, not a legspinner or Victorian, O'Keefe is his own man.
When O'Keefe was picked, Warne said he was a "safety option", and also said, "I think O'Keefe is more of a white-ball specialist. I don't think he's a red-ball player. I know he bowls very economically, and he's a good cricketer but I think he's a lot better suited to white-ball cricket." This was what we now call an alternative fact.
O'Keefe has 225 wickets in first-class cricket at 23.81. His List A average is over 55. O'Keefe also has a better Shield bowling average than Warne's and, as of today, better figures in India. O'Keefe must have hit a lot of stones in his career.
****
Steve O'Keefe was "steady, consistent and in the right areas," according to Anil Kumble AFP
When O'Keefe finally got his shot in Test cricket, it didn't go brilliantly; in the heat of Dubai, he bowled 57 overs taking 4 for 219 for the match. It was two years before his next Test, against West Indies in Sydney, and it was rained off.
When it comes to bad luck, O'Keefe has been a magnet. After destroying a Sri Lanka XI in a tour game, he then pulled his hamstring when, according to Steven Smith, he was looking like taking a wicket every over. At the start of this Australian summer, he received a finger injury. Before the Adelaide Test against South Africa, he injured his calf. And that doesn't even include his self-imposed alcohol ban after a drunken incident.
And so, for his first full tour, when it was quite clear he was going to be relied upon, he has to turn up in India. The Times of India ran a story about the mountain that Nathan Lyon and O'Keefe had to climb before this series. Since 2013, Indian spinners have taken 281 wickets at home, while the visiting spinners have 151. Ashwin, on his own, has 139.
O'Keefe might have taken six wickets against India A in 2015, including the wicket of Virat Kohli, but the odds were more stacked towards him adding to the list, or pile, that includes Brad Hogg, Gavin Robertson, Cameron White and Jason Krejza. Australian spinners with little experience sent to India to fail.
****
In 2010-11 in Hobart, England XI played Australia A. It was at the height of the 'Kevin Pietersen struggles against left-arm finger spin' era. And, in that game, Pietersen received a well-pitched ball around off stump, which straightened and bowled him. It was a handy ball. It wasn't flashy, just good, and Pietersen was all around it.
Because of that ball, and the thought about Pietersen against left-arm spin, Australia picked a left-arm finger spinner for the Gabba Test. They picked Xavier Doherty. O'Keefe had bowled the ball.
It seems that even when it is inspired by his own work, the Australian team has looked for reasons not to pick O'Keefe. His era has had players like Michael Beer, Doherty, Agar, and Glenn Maxwell, while O'Keefe has struggled for games with a vastly better record.
His first-class stats are remarkable from a distance, but not quite as pretty in close-up. In his career, he has taken more than 30 wickets in a Shield season only once. But that season, 2013-14, he was the Shield's leading wicket-taker with 41.
O'Keefe's biggest problem seems to have been that he doesn't bowl much at all. Lyon has had five summers where he has bowled more than 2000 balls, O'Keefe, due to injury and occasionally form, has never had a season where he bowled that many. The year he took 41 wickets was the only season he got close. What that means is that there has never been that huge pressure to pick him.
He has two ten-wicket hauls and eight five-wicket hauls in first-class, which is also splendid, and it's a far better haul record than Lyon has managed. But Lyon got there first. And Lyon has done it in Tests. So while O'Keefe has a first-class average of 14 less than Lyon's, he has never been seen as a potential replacement, just an occasional supplement. His good record is more a curiosity to cricket nuffies than anything of substantial weight.
It's rare anyone ever demands that O'Keefe is in the team; at most, he gets the question, "with his record, why doesn't he play more?" That he can bat - his first-class batting average is almost identical to Mitchell Marsh's - has never swayed anyone significantly. If O'Keefe had this record and was a legspinner, he'd be starring in dandruff ads and inking his first autobiography. Instead, he is a left-arm fingerspinner with five Tests at the age of 32.
****
Steve O'Keefe defied the usual doubters with his consistent bowling AFP
When O'Keefe opened the bowling, there was concern from many that he was simply doing that job because Smith had seen Kohli do it with Ashwin. Australia were making a grave error, they thought, in not using Josh Hazlewood with the new ball. But Australia had a plan to scuff up one side of the ball early and O'Keefe was the perfect man to do that. When Hazlewood came on with the scuffed ball, he bowled superbly and made the first breakthrough.
Just before lunch, Lyon was bowling beautifully, ripping the ball, bowling quickly, and looking like he was about to take a big haul. But he was replaced by O'Keefe, who wasn't bowling well, who wasn't creating the chances that Lyon was. Even O'Keefe referred to his bowling before lunch as ordinary.
So before the lunch break ended, O'Keefe and Sriram went out on the field early to work on his bowling. His first two overs after the break were fine, but then he changed ends, bowling from the same end as Ravindra Jadeja. His figures at that point were 9-1-30-0.
Then his second ball back, KL Rahul ran down the track and tried to end him. Instead, he gave O'Keefe a wicket and himself an injury. It was a significant breakthrough, India were trying to dominate, and the game was about to lurch one way or another.
The next ball Ashwin drove towards mid-off for a single. Then a full ball that straightened, Ajinkya Rahane played across it and edged to second slip. Then a dot ball. Then a quick ball just outside off, just slightly straightened, and Saha got an edge. Four overs later, Jayant Yadav launched his front leg at a ball similar to Saha's, but it turned more, and he dragged his foot, and Wade took the bails off.
Later on, Jadeja would decide that O'Keefe had to go, buthe succeeded only in sending himself off the ground, after finding Mitchell Starc in the deep. Big Umesh also felt like he had to hit out, and took a huge swing at a ball to be caught at slip.
According to Anil Kumble, O'Keefe had been "steady, consistent and in the right areas".And with that simplicity, O'Keefe had six for five from his last 25 balls after changing ends. O'Keefe hadn't spun it a long way, he wasn't suddenly taller, there was no doosra, he had a red ball in his hand and he was simply consistent.
It's just that today, it was special, and today, he burgled more than a few. And he did it on the biggest stage on which he's ever been allowed to play.
The whole craft beer in a can movement has really taken off the past half of the year. With mobile canning companies popping up all over the country, craft breweries are getting their beers into the packages way ahead of when they originally thought. One of those brewing companies is Bolero Snort here in New Jersey. Bob and Andrew have been promoting their beer hard, and coming up on one year of business this month, they are taking the necessary steps to keeps things interesting at Bolero Snort – starting with seasonal canned offerings of their smaller batches of beer. I recently spent some time with them up at High Point Brewing Company to help them pack out Jersey's second craft beer in a can, Lucky Buck.
Aside from this being Bolero Snort's first can offer, it was the first stout to be put through Iron Heart's mobile canning line. You remember Tyler and the gang; they brought us fresh cans of Boat Beer when we least expected it and have been quite busy up and down the North East canning beer everywhere (from Philly all the way up to Massachusetts and everything between). It is awesome to see their canning line in another Jersey facility like High Point.
Iron Heart Canning newcomer, Nicole, gets all the empties ready to be fed into the machine.
Seeing as this was both their first stout and a new facility for Iron Heart, there was some dialing in that needed to be done. With a few minor adjustments Tyler had Lucky Buck ready to go.
Empty cans of Lucky Buck waiting to be filled with dry stout goodness.
After seeing the mobile line run a few times at Carton it still amazes me that they are able to come in, set up, and be out of the brewery within a few hours.
Once we got up and running, we got the machine up to 31 cans per minute.
Although the beer was dialed in, there needs to be frequent checks to make that the cans are getting filled properly. Andrew Maiorana (left) weighs cans of their stout as Bob Olson (right) packs them out.
Altogether there were 116 cases of Lucky Buck canned and ready for shipment.
Lucky Buck is out there and getting a great reception. If you are looking for an alternative on St. Patty's day this year, this is most certainly the stout for you. Cheers to Bob and Andrew at Bolero Snort for yet another milestone in their brewing adventures; we are very much looking forward to their next canned seasonal. Long Hop, which will be a sessionable IPA to help ring in the spring. We have listed the retailers that are currently carrying Lucky Buck below, so get out there and get yourself some Bolero Snort's latest offering and don't forget to check in and show them your cans.
Last week's drops
-Shoprite Wine & Liquors Emerson
-Gallo's Liquors Rochelle Park
-Super Buy Rite Jersey City
-Thirsty Quaker Jersey City
-Cranbury Buy Rite
-Sunrise Cellars Westfield
Getting it this week:
-Liquor Outlet Boonton
-Gary's Wine Wayne
-Fairway Market Woodland Park
-Stew Leonard's Clifton
-Super Savers Liquors Somerville
-Gary's Wine Bernardsville
-Gary's Wine Madison
-Stew Leonard's Paramus
-Stew Leonard's Springfield
-Rotondo's Liquors Clark
-ShopRite Wine & Liquors Lyndhurst
-Heights Beer & Wine Hasbrouck Heights
-Brian
Fayetteville City Attorney Kit Williams / File photo
Fayetteville City Attorney Kit Williams plans to introduce a new anti-discrimination law to protect citizens whose rights were revoked when voters repealed the city's recently adopted civil rights ordinance.
Williams said the new law would be much shorter, more focused, and clearer than the version which was based on draft language provided by the Human Rights Campaign.
“I believe that Fayetteville should draft its own anti-discrimination ordinance,” said Williams, who suggested language based on the Arkansas Civil Rights Act of 1993.
“In place for over 20 years, the definitions and provisions of the Arkansas Civil Rights Act should now be well known, accepted and understood,” Williams said. “I believe it is a preferable model than one received from a Washington, D.C. special interest group.”
The Arkansas Civil Rights Act prohibits discrimination in employment, property transactions, and places of public accommodation on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, age, sex, religion and disability. It does not offer protections based on sexual orientation, which is where Williams' suggested ordinance comes into play.
According to his proposal, it would be against city code for a business owner or landlord to fire or evict someone simply for being gay. It would also be a violation to discriminate in public facilities.
Just like the Arkansas Civil Rights Act, Williams defines an “employer” as a business with nine or more employees, instead of five as defined in the repealed ordinance.
His definition of “public accommodation” also mirrors state law which includes “any place, store, or other establishment, either licensed or unlicensed, that supplies accommodations, goods, or services to the general public.”
There are some exceptions, however.
The law would not apply to establishments with fewer than five rooms for rent and whose owners live on site. Private clubs and churches (including church-owned schools and daycare centers) would also be exempted.
Unlike the ordinance repealed by voters, Williams' proposal does not include “gender identity” as a protected class. He said that's because he believes transgender residents are currently protected by the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964.
While federal law does not use the term “gender identity” in defining protected classes, Williams said recent case law indicates discrimination against a transgender resident is considered “gender stereotyping,” a form of sex discrimination.
According to a 2012 U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ruling, an employer who discriminates against an employee or applicant on the basis of the person's gender identity is violating the prohibition on sex discrimination contained in Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Finally, Williams' proposal would not create a civil rights administrator position to receive and investigate complaints from residents who feel they are victims of those specific types of discrimination. It would instead require mediation, which, if unsuccessful, could lead to the violator losing their business license.
Williams said with the repeal vote being so close (voters struck down the law 52 percent to 48 percent), the city would be best served by a replacement ordinance that is accepted and endorsed by a large consensus. That, he said, will require language that is closely directed at the specific issue at hand, which is addressing discrimination against gay and lesbian residents.
“An ordinance should be ‘laser-focused' on the real problem,” said Williams, “rather than too broadly applicable which is comparable to firing a shotgun into the cloud of issues which can create confusion, conflicting laws and unintended consequences.”
Alderman Matthew Petty, the sponsor of the original Civil Rights Administration ordinance, said he questioned whether transgender residents are indeed a protected class under federal law, but called Williams' proposal “a great framework” to begin discussion of a new anti-discrimination ordinance.
“I'm very disappointed that our original ordinance was repealed,” said Petty. “But we have to compromise.”
Petty sent an email to Mayor Lioneld Jordan last week that included a list of possible amendments to the repealed ordinance, but said Monday he agreed with Williams' suggestion to draft a brand-new law.
Petty said while he wished Williams' proposal specifically mentioned “gender identity” as a guarantee for transgender residents, he supports adding any protections for members of the LGBT community who are victims of discrimination, a problem he said is very real here.
Williams said it is indeed a mistake to assume discrimination does not exist in Fayetteville.
“As a heterosexual who does not discriminate against homosexuals, I assumed there really was not a problem with discrimination against gay or lesbian people in Fayetteville before the marathon City Council meeting opened my eyes,” said Williams. “Fayetteville is a wonderfully tolerant and accepting city, but for the rare occasions when the sting of discrimination lashes out against our gay and lesbian friends, neighbors, and co-workers, we should have a simpie and straightforward ordinance that places Fayetteville on the side of equality, justice, love and inclusion.”
Further City Council discussion of a new civil rights law won't likely occur until early 2015.
Publicidad
Furia en México: Abre @Pemex su primera gasolinera en Houston… a 6.69 pesos el litro https://t.co/xcQltregbw pic.twitter.com/cmZOtKsXdG — Regina Carrillo (@Regina_carrous) diciembre 4, 2015
Oiga @EPN porqué @Pemex vende el litro de gasolina a 6.80 pesos en USA y aquí en el doble? Y la reforma energética? pic.twitter.com/GfsiGrXTLg — León Felipe Sánchez (@lion05) diciembre 4, 2015
Así que Pemex vende en Houston Tx. la gasolina en 5 pesos litro y en Torreón Coah. casi al triple. Eres un estúpido @EPN / @BYGOY @molotovmx — Micheluv (@micheluv) diciembre 4, 2015
¿Alguien puede explicarme así como con peras y manzanas por qué hay una gasolinera de Pemex en Houston? — Ligia García-Béjar (@ligiagbejar) diciembre 4, 2015
Petróleos Mexicanos (Pemex) inauguró en Houston, Texas, su primera estación de gasolina en Estados Unidos, en la que el litro de combustible se vende en menos de la mitad del precio que en México.
Aunque se trata de un programa piloto para probar la marca en un sistema de franquicia sin que la paraestatal realice ninguna inversión, la comparación de precios oscila entre los cuatro y seis pesos por litro, esto debido a que se fijaron con respecto al criterio del propietario y al mercado local.
En la nueva gasolinera el galón de Premium comprada en efecivo cuesta 1.54 dólares por galón, lo que significaría 6.73 pesos por litro, mientras que en nuestro país se vende en 14.38 pesos.
Por su parte, la Diesel tiene un costo de 2.05 por galón en Houston, equivalente a 10.28 pesos por litro, es decir, 4.8 pesos por debajo de los 14.20 que cuesta en México.
Pemex asegura que las gasolinas que se venderán en estas estaciones de servicio provendrán del mercado mayorista estadounidense.
La estación ubicada en 7922 Park Place Blvd. fue inaugurada por José Manuel Carrera, director de Alianzas y Nuevos Negocios de Pemex, y el cónsul mexicano en Houston, Oscar Rodríguez Cabrera, entre otros funcionarios, evento amenizado por mariachi.
Se trata de la primera de cinco que se abrirán en las próximas semanas con la marca de Pemex, ubicadas en zonas pobladas mayormente por población hispana.
“La ciudad de Houston fue elegida, en esta etapa inicial, por su alta población de origen latino, específicamente mexicano, así como por ser una urbe con alto nivel de competencia en el mercado gasolinero”, señaló la empresa a través de un comunicado.
La estación es propiedad de Mike Virani, inmigrante paquistaní dueño ya de al menos 20 estaciones de gasolina en Houston, quien comprará la gasolina a Star Fuels.
Aunque Pemex reiteró que en dicha transacción no tendrá injerencia, los reclamos en redes sociales no se hicieron esperar, “Oiga @EPN porqué @ Pemex vende el litro de gasolina a 6.80 pesos en USA y aquí en el doble? Y la reforma energética”, expresó León Felipe Sánchez en twitter.
Gasolinazo para 2016
En octubre pasado Publimetro publicó que a partir del próximo año, los automovilistas y transportistas de nuestro país tendrán que pagar entre 3.52 y 4.58 pesos por cada litro de gasolina o diésel que compren, adicionales al precio vigente del energético.
Ello, a través de un impuesto especial que la Cámara de Diputados aprobó como parte de la miscelánea fiscal de 2016, cuya aplicación plantea la liberación del precio de los combustibles a la oferta y la demanda y el establecimiento –desde el Gobierno federal– de un costo de referencia mensual al cual se sumaría dicho gravamen.
De acuerdo al dictamen de la miscelánea, que fue enviado al Senado de la República para su ratificación, los consumidores deberán cubrir una tasa fija adicional de 4.16 pesos por litro de gasolina Magna, de 3.52 pesos por litro de Premium y de 4.58 pesos por cada litro de diésel.
By: |
To celebrate 30 years of manufacturing and distributing their line of iglide plastic bushings and bearings, igus has thrown down the gauntlet to showcase the benefits of plastic bearings. It is a challenge that will take them around the world in a customized car, which has been retrofitted to replace 56 metal bearings with iglide plastic in a variety of applications.
The trip has been designed to showcase the bearing technology over 65,000 miles of driving. The world tour has started in India, and will continue on to China, Japan, South Korea, Brazil, the United States, Canada and a variety of countries throughout Europe, stopping along the way at igus subsidiaries, partners, customers, and trade shows, connecting igus worldwide. The car's final destination will be in Germany at the 2015 Hannover Fair, where it will be publicly stripped to show how the bearings fared the trip.
igus' world tour aims to show that they have been an integral part of the automotive industry – among countless others – for years with their industry-leading plastic technology. We're told that 200 million iglide bearings were installed in cars last year alone – and that's only one place they're being used.
Since the first iglide bearings were introduced 30 years ago, they have been used in applications as varied as roller coasters, potato planters, therapy couches, bottling machines, conveyor chains, prosthetic limbs and artificial knee joints. Their strength and durability have made them the top choice for industries ranging from agriculture to woodworking; packaging to aerospace engineering.
Plastic bearings cost and weigh less than their metal counterparts, and they often run longer in harsh environments and under adverse conditions. Bearings made from igus' special tribologically-optimized plastics are often an economical, lubrication-free replacement for needle, ball, and plain metal bearings. Despite their advantages, plastic bearings are still fighting an uphill battle for respect among the engineering community.
On IndustryTap, we'll be following the progress of the igus car on its journey over the next 9 months. We wish them all the best and look forward to seeing what challenges they conquer on the way around the world. We'll also wait in anticipation for the reveal at the Hannover Fair, and to see how the bearings have lasted. I've got a feeling that with 30 years under their belts manufacturing plastic bearings, they are going to prove to the world what they've known for 30 years: that plastic bearings really can outperform metal.
Follow along with us on their blog at http://blog.igus.com and Facebook
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Every time I think Chris Roberts' gorgeous crowdfunded space sim couldn't possibly get any better, the folks at Roberts Space Industries release teaser videos for things like spaceship racing and first-person shooter modules.
Most exciting for me is the upcoming racing module for Star Citizen, which adds what looks like planet-based competitive racing to the already extensive list of things to do in your pretty spaceship.
Kind of a Wipeout vibe going on there, which I really dig. Racing will be available in game version 0.9. As reader Sig Ra points out, you can catch a live -ish demo of racing in action over on Twitch.
Advertisement
Then there's this.
Yes, the space sim is adding first-person shooting. During his presentation at Gamescom this weekend, Chris Roberts named Illfonic as the studio working on this particular module, which we'll learn more about at PAX Australia this year. Shooter fans may remember Illfonic as the studio behind Nexuiz for the Xbox 360 and PC.
Advertisement
That's a lot of gameplay being packed into a single title. But wait, there's more!
New hangars!
And a commercial for the coolest damn ship I've yet seen for the game, the Constellation.
Advertisement
You can keep up with all the new reveals over at the official Star Citizen website. I swear this game is going to kill me.
The Centre for Global Economic History (CGEH) is the platform for pioneering research into the long term evolution of the world economy and its components at Utrecht University. The key themes of research are institutions, economic growth and inequality – and one of the main objectives is to attempt to quantify the long term changes in the world economy in order to more carefully test theories from social sciences about the causes behind the wealth and poverty of nations. (click here for our mission statement)
Its activities include:
weekly seminars on global economic history (programme);
conferences on important new themes in this field, including the XVth World Economic History Congress (2009), involvement in the XVIth WEHC (2012) Stellenbosch and the upcoming WEHC in Kyoto (2015);
various project on the collection and standardization of large datasets on global economic development, amongst others the research-infrastructure project CLIO INFRA;
exchange of students and scholars working in this field;
the Brill series on Global Economic History, edited by Maarten Prak and Jan Luiten van Zanden;
a series of working papers on global economic history;
This website also acts as a host for a number of project hubs: Early Economies, Human Capital, Eastern European Economic History, Corporate Networks and Institutions
The CGEH is linked to the Global Economic History Network (GEHN) organized by Patrick O'Brien (LSE). The organizing committee consists of: Bas van Bavel, Sarah Carmichael, Tine De Moor, Maarten Prak and Jan Luiten van Zanden (chair).
Conservative lawmakers say they oppose the Alexander-Murray health care legislation because it would bail out health insurance companies.
The congressmen discussed the issue Tuesday at the monthly Conversations With Conservatives panel on Capitol Hill. The health care legislation was introduced by Sens. Patty Murray, D-Wash., and Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., after multiple attempts by Senate Republicans to repeal Obamacare failed.
The Daily Signal's Jarrett Stepman wrote about the Alexander-Murray bill last week:
Obamacare effectively told insurers to give low-income enrollees platinum-level coverage for the price of silver-level coverage, and promised to pay the additional cost (about 30 percent more) in the form of these back-door subsidies The Alexander-Murray bill would essentially continue the cost-sharing payments for an additional two years to ‘stabilize' the market and keep premiums ‘low.'”
All of the conservative congressmen present said they opposed the legislation, mentioning that health insurance companies do not need extra money.
“We haven't cut taxes yet,” Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, said. “We haven't repealed Obamacare yet. We haven't started construction on the border security wall, but we're going to bail out insurance companies? You got to be kidding me.”
Rep. Dave Brat, R-Va., pointed out the Senate failed to do any Obamacare repeal.
Brat said the bipartisan legislation “doesn't reform Obamacare in any [appreciable] way.” He said a way to compromise would be to “stabilize the market” but still promote competition, which would lead to prices and premiums being lowered.
“A young kid coming out of college cannot buy a cheap insurance policy right now, so why is that?” Brat said. “If you answer that problem, then we're open to that conversation, but right now, it's a nonstarter.”
Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., said every piece of health care legislation that has come out of the Senate from both parties has avoided hurting the profit of insurance companies.
Rep. Ralph Norman, R-S.C., said first quarter profits of health insurance companies were good and the companies don't need the money. Rep. Mark Walker, R-N.C., added that Americans, not the insurance companies, are hurting from Obamacare. Rep. Scott Perry, R-Pa., also opposed the bipartisan legislation.
Murray and Alexander explained their reasoning behind the legislation in a joint statement.
“The goal of this bipartisan legislation is to stabilize and then lower the cost of health insurance premiums and ensure that Americans are able to purchase health insurance in the individual health insurance market,” the senators said. “This legislation is based upon witness testimony from four bipartisan hearings that the Senate health committee held last month.”
Financial pressures on The Weinstein Co. keep mounting in the wake of a sexual misconduct scandal swirling around Harvey Weinstein. The latest is a lawsuit from AI International Holdings, which claims in New York Supreme Court that a $45 million loan is now in default and that repayment must be made immediately.
AI International, a division of Len Blavatnik's Access Industries, reports being issued a promissory note in September 2016, with a section that provided for default upon "the occurrence of a Material Adverse Change."
The lender is now pointing to recent events — allegations of sexual harassment and rape, Weinstein's termination, an exodus of business partners, board members and creative partners, etc. — as a trigger.
"Weinstein's termination and the facts and circumstances leading to and surrounding that dismissal ... constitute a Material Adverse Change as defined in the Note," states the complaint.
AI International says it told TWC it was in default on Oct. 10, and that since then, the borrower has twice failed to pay interest payments due. TWC also has allegedly withheld information being demanded by AI.
Now suing for breach of contract, AI wants the full principal amount, unpaid interest, attorney's fees and expenses and further relief. Weinstein is named as a co-defendant. The plaintiff is represented by Richard Werder at Quinn Emanuel.
The Weinstein Co. has hired law firms to explore restructuring, but insiders at the company have resisted the notion that any bankruptcy is imminent. That may depend on whether the company can sell off assets to raise needed cash.
In the wake of parent anger over having to pay non-refundable fees to put their names on daycare wait lists, Ontario Education Minister Liz Sandals says she is prepared to act. “I share parents' concern over fees,” she said in a statement late Friday. “We are always listening to parents from across the province and will be looking into how we can regulate or prohibit child care wait list fees.”
Education Minister Liz Sandals says she shares parents' concerns over daycare wait list fees and will look into the matter. ( NATHAN DENETTE / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
As reported in the Star earlier in the day, the scarcity of licensed child care across the province — in Toronto there are spaces for fewer than one in four children — means parents are forced to put their names on multiple wait lists where fees can range from $10 to more than $100. Although there has been no research on the prevalence of wait list fees, Toronto-area parents say one-third to one-half of daycares charges them. Toronto City Council voted last summer to ban the practice starting January 2017.
Article Continued Below
But Toronto mother and lawyer Nadine Blum, who paid a total of $150 in fees to put her name on between 20 to 30 wait lists, wants them gone province-wide. She and colleague Kelly Doctor, lawyers with Goldblatt LLP, have started a petition to ban non-refundable wait list fees in Ontario. “We're pleased the minister is prepared to act,” said Doctor. “But we don't want to see any wait list fees. Even charging a modest amount in combination with the scarcity of spots and the necessity to go on multiple wait lists, still results in an undue burden on parents.” The lawyers also want the government to address the issue of wait list transparency and how they are administered. “We hope this will also prompt the government to look at the underlying problems with our childcare system that have allowed these kinds of unfair fees to flourish,” said Blum. “We have to start approaching daycare as a public good and not a market commodity.” Blum's local MPP Arthur Potts, a Liberal who represents Beaches-East York, is planning to present the lawyers' petition to the legislature later this month.
Each year, Sony Computer Entertainment America and San Diego Studio produces the best sports video game available and each year those developers find a way to make their game better. Tuesday's release of MLB 12 The Show will demonstrate this but even this franchise's most dedicated followers will immediately recognize they are seeing a game they've never seen before. Put away your previous versions of the MLB The Show series: For 2012, the bar has again been raised, and this time with vigor.
The game's programmers have completely replaced last year's code and thus changed the way the baseball behaves with what they call True Ball Physics, which uses actual math for a spinning baseball that ricochets off bases, the pitching rubber and other field surfaces. The spin of the baseball off the bat is now accurate with realistic RPMs and the ball gains or loses energy like a real baseball, resulting in more hit type varieties. Line drives rise or sink and infield chops quickly become difficult to handle. My friend John Totten and I have played countless The Show games over the years, so I asked him for his '12 version impressions after a day of heated, head-to-head competition.
"Hitting a hooking line drive just inside the left-field line was something I had never seen before, and introduced an element of the unknown that I do not recall experiencing often in previous games," he said. "The overspin/underspin of a groundball based on the level of contact was an excellent added subtlety. I was surprised when a groundball did not make it through the infield, especially up the middle. Those balls simply lost pace due to underspin, as they should have. Line drives to the outfield showed tail and hook. In the past, every line drive to the outfield stayed on the same trajectory."
Trust me when I say this; Given the way the ball now spins in MLB 12 The Show, you will value the defensive abilities of your fielders as never before. Outfield defense was especially adventurous and fielding line drives or chasing balls in the gaps and down the lines is more challenging.
Defense is more difficult in MLB 12 The Show, but that doesn't mean you can't get Ryan Braun to make catches like this. MLB 12 The Show
The game acts, looks and sounds unlike the series has before; from completely different bat, ball and glove sounds to the TruBroadcast Presentations, which are available only on the game's PS3 version. The line between watching the video game and watching an actual baseball game has been blurred using new camera angles and audio that realistically simulate a television broadcast. You'll see more reaction shots after pitches and hear a new "buzz" of the ball and "pop" of a catcher's mitt while a bouncing, spinning baseball hitting green grass sounds just as it should.
Among MLB 12 The Show's many other changes I liked was the Swing/Pitch info box, which now pops up automatically after each pitch and remains onscreen until the next pitch, no more pressing L3 every time you want feedback. Baserunners have new situational awareness and react differently when near a batted ball or another player. Bullpen management continues its brilliant evolution. You can now warm up a relief pitcher or simply select Stretch and Toss, which has the pitcher stretch and play catch without getting warm enough to enter the game. You can also save a reliever's energy once he does begin to warm up by selecting Ready and Waiting, which has the pitcher throw a pitch in the bullpen for every game pitch thrown to maintain readiness. No more overheating relievers before they get into the game.
As always, there are new systems with which to pitch and hit the ball. Let me go on record: I hate them. I'm a button man; always have been and always will be. Last year The Show introduced analog batting featuring a stride and swing method. MLB 12 The Show has advanced to Zone Analog Batting, which allows you to control where you swing in the zone with the left analog stick as you step into the pitch and swing with the right analog stick. Sound hard? It is. I hit like a blindfolded Mario Mendoza and gave up. However, if you were a fan of analog hitting in last year's version you'll enjoy it all the more this year.
New as well is Pulse Pitching, an interactive timing mechanic with an interface that consists of a pulsating circle that flashes around the baseball as you are adjusting the desired location of your pitch. With this method you try and hit the X button when the meter shrinks to the smallest possible size around the baseball. This controls the accuracy of your pitches; the smaller the cursor the more accurate the pitch will be, with the speed of the meter's pulsating depending on the game difficulty setting and the pitcher's attributes and performance.
This feature fails for two reasons: First, it gives you a throbbing headache after about two innings of staring at it, but more importantly your opponent can see exactly how close each pitch came to its ideal location as both players see the size of the pulsating meter around the ball. The player who is batting, seeing a wide meter around the baseball as the pitch is being delivered, instantly knows that the command of the pitch will be poor and is therefore given a clear sign that he doesn't need to swing. This is not a factor with the traditional pitching meter but in the case of Pulse Pitching, when both players are focused on the strike zone, it seems the video equivalent of the guy in the white T-shirt in Toronto's center-field bleachers: a giveaway.
MLB 12 The Show has a complete set of visual tutorials for all new methods of hitting, pitching and throwing and it speaks to what has always been The Show series' greatest strength: It never FORCES you to change the way you play the game. Every year, new controls are added or enhanced while always leaving you the option of staying with the buttons and systems that you've always enjoyed, a practice that other sports video franchises, like EA's Madden or NCAA Football has not always followed. My friend Gus Ramsey's annual review of Madden on Bill Simmons' podcast has become one of The Sports Guy's biggest hits.
"Since around 2004 the look of the Madden franchise has been almost the same, but the game play has changed in an effort to make the game more realistic," Gus says. "Sometimes to great success, other times, not so much. In '04 they added the ability to direct the lead blocker on runs, a true challenge of digital dexterity to be sure. In '06 they added the Truck Stick, a departure from the popular R1 juke button. '06 also brought on the hideous Passing Cone, the New Coke of video game experiments. We've also seen the elimination of the sprint button, which left players instinctually pressing the R2 button with no results."
I don't recall MLB The Show developers ever demanding you change your button options or patterns, always offering new variations but never abandoning preferred methods enjoyed over time. A great lesson for all developers of sports video games: You can offer all the new ideas you want but don't force me to switch my buttons or I'll be forced to stop buying your game.
You won't want to miss seeing Giancarlo Stanton mashing home runs in his new home ballpark. MLB 12 The Show
The Show is a series that strives for authenticity yet pitcher repertoires is one area the developers consistently seem to miss their mark. In 2011 Boston's Daniel Bard threw 68.7 percent fastballs, 24.8 percent sliders and 6.5 percent changeups. Bard's weapons were essentially a four-seam fastball, a two-seam fastball and a slider. As the numbers prove, he rarely threw a changeup and often limited himself to just the four-seamer or slider in a game's most crucial points. In MLB 12 The Show, however, Bard has FIVE pitches: four-seam fastball, slider, cutter, two-seam fastball and a circle change. Bard admits he'll have to mix in more two-seam fastballs and changeups as he moves from the Red Sox bullpen to the rotation but five pitches for a guy who essentially has relied on two is a swing and a miss at realism. It gets worse.
In 2011, Mariners closer Brandon League threw 67.4 percent sinkers, 21.3 percent split-finger fastballs and 11.3 percent sliders. With two strikes, League went to his splitter a whopping 40 percent of the time. It is his big "out pitch" and one of the effective splitters in baseball; except in MLB 12 The Show, where both League's splitter and sinker don't exist. Nor does the cut fastball of Diamondbacks reliever Bryan Shaw, which earlier this spring Arizona closer J.J. Putz compared to Mariano Rivera's. Last season, 58.3 percent of all pitches thrown by Shaw were cut fastballs. MLB 12 The Show does not include a cutter among Shaw's three pitches, unfortunate for a pitcher who in last season's NLDS spotlight appeared in four games and faced 13 batters without giving up a base hit.
Watch those tricky hops! MLB 12 The Show
This is not just a pitch selection issue. Cleveland's Vinnie Pestano last season had an immensely effective combination of 79.9 percent fastballs and 20.1 percent sliders. Pestano's fastball, which is actually a cutter, averaged 92.6 miles per hour and maxed at 95.5 mph. In MLB 12 The Show, not only does Pestano not possess a cutter, his four-seam fastball is just 88 mph. Pestano joked during our Twitter conversation, "Don't know whats more upsetting ... that my 2 seamer is harder than my 4 or my pitching clutch is only 54. #pickitupdigitalme." Pestano's fellow Indians reliever Joe Smith joked, "That's what you get for being a righty specialist."
Smith enjoys The Show series but is used to seeing his digital repertoire miss the mark. In 2011, the real Smith threw 69 percent sinkers and 31 percent sliders. In MLB 12 The Show, Smith's video game version doesn't possess a sinker. He's instead been given a four-seam fastball and a changeup, two pitches he doesn't throw. "With guys who have been around for a few years and the big names in the game they are pretty accurate," said Smith. "Young guys seem to have to 'pay their dues' so to speak before they give them really high ratings. But I would say all in all they do an excellent job."
Agreed. Pitch selection nitpicking aside, MLB 12 The Show is not just a step forward for the series but a broad jump. This year in Road to The Show, your player will begin as a touted Double-A prospect. As of this weekend, the servers were still being tuned so I was not able to sample the game's new Diamond Dynasty mode, but based on advance publicity if you're a fan of EA's FIFA Soccer Franchise's Ultimate Team mode you'll be thrilled with Diamond Dynasty, which allows gamers to create personalized team names, colors, uniforms and fully customizable logos with up to 1000 layers of detail. As for baseball's new 10-team playoff format, the developers tell me they're not ready to make a public comment yet and will address the issue when they feel the time is right, choosing instead to let the game's new features "have their day in the sun."
There may be occasions in which you'd be rightfully content to continue playing a previous year's version of a sports video game rather than committing the cash to buy the new edition. With MLB 12 The Show, this is not one of those years. This is a different game than the series has ever seen and is beyond a doubt its best yet.
Steve Berthiaume hosts "Baseball Tonight" and you can follow him on Twitter @sberthiaumeespn.
Sen. Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.), the only senator to vote against the 2017 intelligence authorization bill in the Intelligence Committee, says his decision was due to concerns about it declaring WikiLeaks a "non-state hostile intelligence service."
"The damage done by WikiLeaks to the United States is clear," Wyden said in a Tuesday press release touting three provisions he was able to add to the bill. "But with any new challenge to our country, Congress ought not react in a manner that could have negative consequences, unforeseen or not, for our constitutional principles."
The bill, released Friday, contains a final clause stating that the Julian Assange-lead leak purveyor should be considered more like a cyberthreat.
ADVERTISEMENT
"It is the sense of Congress that WikiLeaks and the senior leadership of WikiLeaks resemble a non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors and should be treated as such a service by the United States," it reads.
In April, CIA head Mike Pompeo Michael (Mike) Richard PompeoDems set to challenge Trump during his foreign trip A '5 percent monthly' plan to denuclearize, develop North Korea Christopher Hill: Don't act too eager for a North Korea deal MORE used that exact language to describe the group.
Wyden argued that there are "troubling" potential effects of implied threats against nonstate actors and a potential the designation might harm journalism.
“My concern is that the use of the novel phrase ‘non-state hostile intelligence service' may have legal, constitutional, and policy implications, particularly should it be applied to journalists inquiring about secrets,” said Wyden.
“The language in the bill suggesting that the U.S. government has some unstated course of action against ‘non-state hostile intelligence services' is equally troubling."
Wyden's additions to the intelligence authorization included requiring a report on Russian money laundering, congressional notification of any joint cybersecurity venture with Russia and a report on the use of foreign intelligence agents snooping using a well-known security flaw in cellphone networks.
Do you favor or oppose the complete legalization of marijuana for any purpose by adults?
Favor: 91% Oppose: 7% Don't care one way or the other: 3%
If the sale and possession of marijuana by adults were made legal, do you think it would make the state's economy better, make the economy worse, or have no real effect on the economy?
Better: 85% Worse: 3% No effect: 12%
Do you favor or oppose the complete legalization of possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use by adults?
Favor: 93% Oppose: 5% Don't care one way or the other: 2%
Do you favor or oppose the complete legalization of possession of small amounts of marijuana for medical use if prescribed by a doctor?
Favor: 94% Oppose: 3% Don't care one way or the other: 2%
Assuming marijuana is not legalized, do you think people arrested for possession of small amounts of marijuana should be put in jail, or just have to pay a fine but without serving any time in jail?
Jail: 3% Fine, no jail: 97%
Do you think that the possession of small amounts of marijuana by adults should be treated as a civil summary offense in St. Louis, like public intoxication, rather than as a criminal offense?
Summary offense, no jail: 96% Criminal offense, jail possible: 4%
Do you think the possession of small amounts of marijuana by adults should be treated as a municipal violation in St. Louis, like littering or overtime parking, rather than as a criminal offense?
Muni violation, no jail: 96% Criminal offense, jail possible: 4%
If the possession of small amounts of marijuana by adults were treated as a municipal violation, do you think it would generally increase crime, reduce crime, or have no effect on crime?
Increase crime: 4% Reduce crime: 72% Have no effect: 25%
Should the regulations on marijuana be more strict than those for alcohol, the same as those for alcohol, or less strict as those for alcohol?
Marijuana regulations > alcohol regulations: 8% Marijuana regulations < alcohol regulations: 39% Marijuana regulations = alcohol regulations: 53%
After taking this poll, what do you now think ought to be government policy toward marijuana?
Iceland's new prime minister is a feminist and environmentalist who is among the youngest leaders in the world. She has a degree in literature with a special interest in Icelandic crime novels. She appeared in a music video 20 years ago with an Icelandic band, Bang Gang. And she's considered Iceland's most trusted politician by numerous polls.
Her name is Katrín Jakobsdóttir, 41, and she's a mother of three boys and comes from a family of poets and professors. Her new coalition government took power at the end of November, and it spans the political spectrum in Iceland from her Left-Green Movement to the Independence Party to the Progressive Party.
Jakobsdóttir talks with The World's host Marco Werman about everything from what it's like to lead a coalition that straddles the left-right political divide to commuting by bicycle.
Marco Werman: Let's start with your environmental pursuits and your mission. You recently attended the One Planet Summit in Paris where you presented your goal to have Iceland carbon neutral by the year 2040. You've even predicted Iceland will achieve that five years ahead of other green countries like your Nordic neighbors. How far along are you already because isn't a lot of Iceland's energy geothermal? Don't you have a pretty good head start?
Prime Minister Katrín Jakobsdóttir: Yes, you could say that we have a pretty good head start since we are using renewable energy when it comes to, for example, heating of houses because we have not only geothermal power but also hydroelectric power in Iceland. But we still have a lot of work to do when it comes to industry, when it comes to waste process and other factors, other sectors. We are, for example, now starting a project with the sheep farmers on how we can do sheep farming carbon neutral. So, we are beginning to work with different sectors of society but we think we can achieve it because we have this head start and such a small society, [with] only 330,000 people; and to achieve that goal we really need to get the close cooperation of local governments of different sectors and, of course, of the general public, but it's probably easier in a small country than a big one.
Going carbon neutral typically involves dealing in carbon credits or offsetting carbon released by planting trees. How can sheep farmers play a role?
Part of the project is not only having less emission of greenhouse gases [but] when it comes to sheep farmers, they can play an important part in restoring wetlands, growing forests etc., to achieve more carbon binding.
Prime Minister, you talk the talk and you also bike to work. Are you still doing that? Can you make the case why politicians should cycle and not drive or be chauffeured?
Well, actually, now I'm being chauffeured, being a prime minister. And that's something quite novel to me. But, I used to serve us actually, as a minister of education and culture and then I used to cycle a lot but now during the high winter I'm not using the cycle. I will do that when it goes a little bit warmer again ... [In Iceland], we are actually using the bicycles a lot more than we did just 10 years ago. So, we're also making changes ... a big part of becoming carbon neutral is changing the way we travel to and from work, how we can use more public transport. Then, of course, how we can, in spite of the weather, use the bicycle or travel by foot, which is actually the best way to travel in my opinion.
You had a small part in a music video about 20 years ago by a band called Bang Gang in Iceland. The song is called, "Listen Baby." What's the backstory?
Did you like the video? It was a great band, actually. Two friends of mine asked me to play that role, and it's mainly doing the running bits ... [Besides being a politician], I'm also a literary theorist. I have worked quite a lot on research in crime fiction, and I also have done some pop music videos. I also have three children and family, and it didn't quite stem directly from the pop music, but I've been a professional politician for 10 years and a member of government since from 2009 to 2013. So, we all have to play a lot of different parts, not least [of all] in a small society like Iceland.
Prime Minister, there are obviously many differences as leaders between you and the American President Donald Trump but there is an interesting parallel between the two of you. Neither of you is a big fan of NATO. There is no sign that he's carrying through on his campaign pledge to either get out of NATO or not fund it until other nations start pulling their weight. But you've gone on the record as wanting to pull Iceland's membership out of NATO. Isn't NATO Iceland's defense force, though, and are you prepared to abandon military defense for your country?
My party is against the membership of NATO. However, we are the only party in the Icelandic parliament that is of this opinion. We actually got 17 percent in the last parliamentary election. So, we decided actually to make a compromise on that. But that doesn't change our position in the matter.
Icelandic media call you the country's most trusted politician. We should point out that you're following scandals that have forced out two previous prime ministers, and now you've got a coalition of party members, centrist progressives and conservatives. What is the political mood in Iceland right now?
Well, the political mood in Iceland has been [going] since 2008 when we were faced with the economic crisis, which hit us very hard. It was a great shock to the nation. And I should say that even though we have recovered quite well economically, we haven't quite recovered when it comes to the political situation, trust in politics, our confidence in politicians, it's been very low. I've gone through five elections so you can imagine the turbulence that's been here. So, I think the political mood in Iceland is that people hope that all parties in parliament will be able to achieve [a] better political culture. You know we have eight parties in the Icelandic parliament now, which is more than ever.
Prime minister, you have three boys, and you've been described as an anti-war feminist. How have all the allegations of powerful men abusing women been discussed in your house, and how are you talking about this with your sons?
My oldest son is 11 years old, and my youngest is 6. But we talk a lot about gender equality in my house. You know, we have now, for example, the #MeToo movement has been very visible in Iceland, and I think it's actually bringing to the surface a lot of things that haven't been discussed too widely in Icelandic culture until now — [that is], when it comes to sexual harassment and when it comes to women in politics because that's the world I know fairly well.
You are the second woman prime minister in Iceland's history. What still needs to happen in terms of gender equality in Iceland? Where is Iceland falling short?
When it comes to international comparison, it's doing pretty good but I still think we have a lot of challenges. For example, there are fewer women now in parliament after the last election than the election before but we still haven't reached what we can call quite an equal pay between men and women, which is something that we have been working on for years now. You know, in my opinion, actually, we have done a lot of good things. We have introduced quotas in boards of bigger companies, and they have actually had some very good results. I could also mention when we introduced the parental leave, that is, that all fathers need to take a paternity leave. It's not something that only mothers can take. So, we have done a lot of good things but there are great challenges ahead.
Correction: An earlier version of this story misstated a percentage for representation in parliament.
Even the bravest warriors serving the Daqan Lords know to flee for cover when they hear the hiss of the Reanimate Archer's blighted arrows. Those unlucky enough to be caught in the open are witnesses to a sickly sight as the projectiles pierce their flesh. Skin peels away, foulness spreads, and bones crumble and crack. The ability to rot their opponents from the inside out makes the Reanimate Archers fearsome to any foe of Waiqar the Undying.
Today, we're looking at the Reanimate Archers Unit Expansion for the Runewars Miniatures Game. The expansion features eight Reanimate Archer figures, enough to field a two-tray unit on its own or attach to a larger unit. These figures are identical to the ones found in the Runewars Core Set and feature five new upgrade cards to help customize any army.
Aim and Fire
The Reanimate Archer's command dial paints a picture of a unit that moves methodically rather than quickly. The Reanimate Archers have two separate shift options, an initiative-six, speed-one shift and an initiative-seven, speed-two shift. This, combined with their reform action, gives them all the tools they need to line up the perfect shot and rain death upon the enemies of Waiqar.
If the Reanimate Archers find themselves engaged in close combat with an enemy, they have the option to perform a melee attack, but with an initiative value of nine, they aren't likely to strike first.
The arrows of the Reanimate Archers do more than puncture. They get inside their target's skin, infecting them with rot and disease, represented by their ability to spend two surges to give their target a blight token when they make a ranged attack. Blight tokens can weaken opposing units by removing their die before an attack, and with the Reanimate Archer's ability to add a free surge to their strikes with their modifier dial, it's something they can accomplish often. Furthermore, the shambling bowmen are united in their service to Waiqar, and with the "Steadfast" keyword, it becomes difficult to shake their resolve with a doubt card during a morale test.
The Reanimate Archer Unit Expansion features enough models to either field a two-tray unit for 18 points, or combine with the two trays found in the Runewars Core Set for a 32-point four-tray unit. An additional expansion plus the Runewars Core Set will allow you to field a 45-point six-tray unit. This massive horde of archers has their threat increased by one, making their arrows even deadlier and the unit itself much more difficult to eliminate.
Enhance Your Forces
The Reanimate Archers Unit Expansion comes with five upgrade cards compatible with any army.
In the Runewars Miniatures Game, movement and positioning are key. An upgrade like Wind Rune functions as a way to master mobility, correct mistakes and line up your units for the perfect attack. After using a skill modifier, your unit can make a shift action with speed equal to the number of natural energy tokens on the field. Then, they get a free reform action, allowing a massive change in their positioning. This can undo a costly movement mistake or set up the upgraded unit for a flank attack—with the power of the Wind Rune, the battlefield is yours to control, and for only six points.
All that positioning is for naught though, if you're not doing damage to your enemies. Luckily, upgrades like Tempered Steel allow you to add a hit to an attack at the cost of a surge symbol. The fact that Tempered Steel can be added to a melee or ranged attack makes it extremely versatile, and can provide a boost to any unit you field for just three points.
Identical to the upgrade found in the Rune Wars Core Set, Terrifying Heraldry turns one of your units into a fearsome force, giving any unit engaged with them at the end phase a panic token. For the cost of five points, Terrifying Heraldry gives you an additional advantage when you are engaged in close-quarters combat, setting the opponent's unit up for a dangerous morale test later on.
Combat Ingenuity allows you to consistently activate your unit's surge abilities. For six points, any unit equipped with Combat Ingenuity needs one less surge to activate their special abilities, to a minimum of one. When the Reanimate Archers have this upgrade equipped, you can use their surge modifier to automatically give any target of their ranged attack a blight token!
Another synergistic upgrade for the Reanimate Archers is Close Quarters Targeting. For three points, this allows units to make ranged attacks against engaged foes without gaining a panic token. This allows units like the Reanimate Archers to use their quick and deadly arrows at any range, and risk free.
Sinister Sharpshooters
No matter who stands across the battlefield, the Reanimate Archers are a terrifying foe. Their dread arrows pierce even the bravest of warriors, and their numbers and mobility options make them a truly dangerous asset.
Super Robot Wars X announced for PS4, PS Vita
Due out in Japan in March, and in Asia with English subtitles in April.
Bandai Namco has announced Super Robot Wars X for PlayStation 4 and PS Vita. It will launch on March 29, 2018 in Japan, and on April 26 in Southeast Asia (Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, and Indonesia) with Japanese voice-overs and English subtitles.
The game will feature the following works:
The Unchallengable Daitarn 3
Aura Battler Dunbine
New Story of Aura Battler Dunbine (Mechs only)
Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam
Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ
Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack
Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack – Beltorchika's Children (Mechs only)
Mobile Suit Gundam F91
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: The Steel Seven (Mechs only)
Gundam Reconguista in G (First Appearance)
Mashin Hero Wataru (First Appearance)
Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water (First Appearance)
Brave Express Mightgaine
Gurren Lagann
Gurren Lagann the Movie: The Lights in the Sky are Stars
Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2
True Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!
True Mazinger ZERO vs. Great General of Darkness
Mazinkaiser
Buddy Complex (First Appearance)
Buddy Complex Final Act: Into the Skies of Tomorrow (First Appearance)
Cross Ange: Rondo of Angels and Dragons
In Japan, a “Premium Anime Song & Sound Edition” will be released in addition to the standard edition, which includes 35 additional songs:
1. “Come Here! Daitarn 3” by Makoto Fujiwara (from The Unchallengable Daitarn 3)
2. “Dunbine Tobu” by MIO (from Aura Battler Dunbine)
3. “Uchuu wo Kakeru ~Zeta no Hatsudou” (from Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam)
4. “Silent Voice” by Jun Hiroe (from Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ)
5. “Issen Man'nen Ginga” by Jun Hiroe (from Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ)
6. “Beyond the Time -Mobius no Uchuu wo Koete-” by TM Network (from Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack)
7. “Eternal Wind ~Hohoemi ha Hikaru Kaze no Naka~” by Hiroko Moriguchi (from Mobile Suit Gundam F91)
8. “Kimi wo Mitsumete -The Time I'm Seeing You-” by Hiroko Moriguchi (from Mobile Suit Gundam F91)
9. “Just Communication” by Two-Mix (from Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz)
10: “Last Impression” by Two-Mix (from Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz)
12. “Blazing” by Garnidelia (from Gundam Reconguista in G)
13. “Futari no Mahou” by May J. (from Gundam Reconguista in G)
14. “G no Senkou” by Daisuke Hasegawa (from Gundam Reconguista in G)
15. “Step” by A-chi-a-chi (from Mashin Hero Wataru)
16. “A-chi-a-chi Adventure” by A-chi-a-chi (from Mashin Hero Wataru)
17. “Arashi no Yuusha (Hero)” by Yuzuru Oka (from Brave Express Mightgaine)
18. “Black Diamond” by Purple (from Brave Express Mightgaine)
19. “Colors” by Flow (from Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2)
20. “World End” by Flow (from Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2)
21. “02” by Orange Range (from Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2)
22. “Unisonia” by True (from Buddy Complex)
23. “Ano Sora ni Kaeru Mirai de” by Chouchou (from Buddy Complex)
24. “Twin Bird” by True (from Buddy Complex Final Act: Into the Skies of Tomorrow)
25. “Kindan no Resistance” by Nana Mizuki (from Cross Ange: Rondo of Angels and Dragons)
26. “Villkiss ~Kakusei~” (from Cross Ange: Rondo of Angels and Dragons)
27. “Mazinkaiser” by Ichirou Mizuki (from Mazinkaiser)
28. “Shugoshin -The Guardian” by JAM Project (from True Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!)
29. “Tsuyoki Mono Yo” by SKE48 (from True Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!)
30. “Sorairo Days” by Shoko Nakagawa (from Gurren Lagann)
31. “Namida no Tane, Ekao no Hana” by Shoko Nakagawa (from Gurren Lagann the Movie: The Lights in the Sky are Stars)
32. “Blue Water” by Miho Morikawa (from Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water)
33. “Neo Atlantis” (from Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water)
34. “Yes, I Will” by Miho Morikawa (from Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water)
35. “Neppuu! Shuppuu! Cybuster” by JAM Project (from Masou Kishin: :The Lord Of Elemental)
Early purchases in Japan will include the following bonuses:
Special Chapter 0 Scenario: “Journey of the Vow”
Present Scenario: “Special Starter Pack”
Super Robot Wars X “Original Theme”
Cybuster and Masaki available from the beginning of the game
Users who pre-order the download version in Japan will receive a “Download Purchase Present X” present scenario in which an X-Booster can be obtained.
Watch the announcement trailer and a message from the producer below. View the first screenshots at the gallery. Visit the official Japanese website here.
Trailer
Message from the Producer
Back in 2013, we learned that Ad-Rock and Mike D, the two surviving Beastie Boys, were working on a memoir together. They had signed on with Random House subsidiary Spiegel & Grau to write a book that would be “loosely structured as an oral history,” and they were planning to publish it in fall 2015. That sounds great! But they're nowhere near done.
Talking to Rolling Stone, Ad-Rock says that the duo are taking their time with it, and they don't expect it to be ready until two years from now, at the earliest:
There's no way it's going to happen [before 2017]. I might get sued by saying this, but I'm just being realistic. I write a bunch of stuff and I send it to Mike, and Mike writes a bunch of stuff and he sends it to me. We just comment and have arguments on what we wrote. It's more difficult to remember than it is emotionally. It's fun. I'm remembering the fun things; not the depressing things. It's going to be a weird book. [Publisher Spiegel & Grau] are giving us the freedom and leeway to do whatever we want.”
For those of us who spent the '90s wondering when this month's Grand Royal was going to come out, this is a familiar sensation.
T
The Great Green Wall, is a human-
he Three-North Shelter Forest Program, also known asmade barrier to cope with the rapidly spreading desert and other climatic changes in China. It is the world's largest tree-planting project and since 1978, 66 billion trees have been planted.
The project was started in 1978 and is expected to be completed around 2050 with a complete length of 2,800 miles (4,500 km). China has faced losses in terms of Gobi Desert eating up grasslands as much as 1,400 sq. mi (3,600 km2) per year. The dust storms have been increasing each year and have caused impacts on agricultural activities of neighboring countries too. This project aims at covering China's 42% territory till 2050.
The 4th phase of the project was started in 2003. It has two parts:
The use of aerial seeding to protect wide strips of land where the soil is less dry.
Offering cash motivations to farmers to plant trees and shrubs in areas that are drier.
According to official figures, the tree cover in the Three North area has increased from 5% to 12%. But, the project is facing a lot heat from the critics. The local residents of arid areas have complaints like decreasing water level at a very fast pace.
A farmer from Zhangjia village, close to Beijing, says that a well that required him to draw water up 9 metres a decade ago has sunk to 60 metres. The trees being grown on the barren land are pines and poplars which are easy to grow and have economic benefits. These trees being the non-native are giving rise to an “ecological mismatch”, says Jiang Hong of the University of Hawaii. This makes them more prone to diseases. Cao Shixiong of Beijing Forestry University estimates that just 15% of trees planted on China's drylands have survived.
Since 2003, 450,000 people of Inner Mongolia have been rehabilitated to other areas to prevent the land from degrading further. The project has generated some benefits in some small areas with better rainfall, but the desert has continued to expand in the bigger picture. The cost of tree plantation has risen tenfold and trees are dying.
Perhaps China is trying its best but the desert is expanding, and this new Great Wall is failing to serve its purpose.
Based on a report in Economist.com.
Check out our homegrown product viralnews.fossbytes.com for hottest tech news on the web. For more updates, subscribe to our newsletter. [newsletter_signup_form id=1]
THE MINUTE JOE SCHMIDT said he would coach Ireland, you'd have thought that Brian O'Driscoll would be convinced to play another year.
It certainly would have left a bad taste in the mouth if he had to hang up the boots after he got that yellow card against Italy and with Ireland not playing well.
I'm really looking forward to seeing what Joe Schmidt can bring to the Ireland set-up. It's a good squad, with plenty of talented young players and not too many holes in it. If Schmidt can freshen things up in there and bring his vision to bear, it could be a very exciting season.
You can be damned sure that Brian and Joe had a long talk about him staying on for Ireland. For his first season in charge of Ireland, Joe will rely on anchors of the team like Brian and Paul O'Connell.
O'Driscoll, as we all know, is the ultimate combatant. He'd like to finish on his own terms and I'm sure a successful Six Nations, even a Grand Slam, would be in his sights.
We'd hate to see anything happen to him. He could end up limping off the pitch in the middle of next season and his career could end that way. That's the ultimate gamble but Brian is aware of that.
I would have been more than happy to see him retire after a successful Lions tour in Australia.
He is becoming more and more of a danger to himself as time goes on. He is throwing his body on the line more often in recent years. The back spasm [that sees him miss the Challenge Cup Final] is something that happens to a lot of players and, while it can come and go within days, it often arises due to fatigue.
O'Driscoll's legacy
From his exploding on the scenes in the late 90s to today, he has been at the top of the world game. He, unusually, made his first senior appearances for Ireland before Leinster.
We all remember the hat-trick in Paris. That was the day he announced himself to the world.
For various reasons, whether it was form, injury or age, people have been writing him off for years but, as the eternal player and professional, he has reinvented his game. The respect that he is held in around the world is huge. He has been through it all and stood up to be counted against every single player that has been held up as the next man to find him out. It never happens.
I'm sure he did not take the decision lightly. When children arrive [Brian's daughter Sadie is three-months old], it has more of an influence on your thinking than you would think. Family life is very important to him so, once he got their blessing, staying on for one more year was never in doubt.
*Shane Byrne's publication, Club Rugby Magazine is available monthly in the Irish Independent. Follow the magazine, and all the latest rugby news, on Twitter @ClubRugby1
The Directors Guild of America in Hollywood was host tonight to a special screening of Marvel's The Avengers with writer/director Joss Whedon in attendance. During a post-screening Q&A, Whedon spoke at length about the comic book ensemble, revealing which characters didn't make the final cut and hinting at what changes fans can expect in the 2015 sequel.
“There was a little bit of time where we thought we might not actually get Scarlett [Johansson],” he explains. “There was a very Waspy draft that I wrote. But it was way too Waspy. I was like, ‘She's adorable! I'm just going to watch her!'”
Janet Van Dyne wasn't the only character that didn't make the final cut, however. Whedon says that his original vision called for a second villain beyond Tom Hiddleston's Loki.
“I'm not going to tell you [who it is],” he says, “because that person might crop up another time. But I definitely felt like, ‘I've got Earth's mightiest heroes. I've got four of the biggest, baddest, toughest guys out there and I've got one effete British character actor.' They believed very strongly that they didn't want to add any more mythology, I think was the thing.”
Although Whedon stayed relatively quiet about the upcoming sequel, he did offer the tease that he thinks swapping out Avengers is an important quality of the comics themselves.
“I used to read ‘The Avengers' and part of the ethos of the team was that it changed their lineup every month,” he continues. “Their 150th issue was just a bunch of faces. ‘Who will be in the team now?!' We had the first issue as a poster in the offices. Now that I'm working on the sequel I said, ‘Let's put the second issue up there! Let's change it up a little bit!' The second issue is ‘Introducing… Giant-Man! And this character! They were already changing it up after one issue. That's what they always do.”
What that means for the sequel remains to be seen, but Marvel's The Avengers 2 is slated to hit theaters on May 1, 2015 and Whedon will also be writing and directing the pilot episode of “Marvel's S.H.I.E.L.D.”, rumored to begin on ABC in the fall of 2013.
(Photo Credit: Brian To / WENN.com)
FILE - In this undated file image released by Disney, Chris Hemsworth portrays Thor, left, and and Chris Evans portrays Captain America in a scene from "The Avengers." "The Avengers" are teaming up for a motion-control video game. Ubisoft on May 9, 2012 announced a partnership with Marvel to create a game based on the superhero alliance for Nintendo's upcoming Wii U console and Microsoft's Kinect system for the Xbox 360. (AP Photo/Disney, Zade Rosenthal, File)
Movie tickets prices are more expensive than ever. That's the word from TheWrap, which reports that ticket prices have ballooned to an average of $8.12 in the second quarter of 2012, which is up from the previous high of $8.06 in the second quarter of 2011.
The National Association of Theatre Owners (NATO; not that one) reported the numbers, which support the idea that the second quarter (from the beginning of April to the end of June) is Hollywood's most fertile time. This year, that time period housed the release of "Marvel's The Avengers," "Men In Black 3," "Prometheus," "Snow White and the Huntsman," "Madagascar 3," "Brave," "Ted" and "Magic Mike," and also included a large chunk of "The Hunger Games" (which came out on March 23). That same calendar period in 2011 was home to "The Hangover Part II," "Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides," "Bridesmaids," "Cars 2," "Fast Five," "Kung Fu Panda 2," "Super 8" and more.
Of course, whether audiences are getting more bang for their buck is unclear; 2011 was the lowest-attended year at the movies in the last 16.
Per TheWrap, prices are expected to dip slightly in the fall.
Safety is important, wear eye protection when grinding.
Make sure your water cup is nearby (not pictured)
I started with grinding the tip, just grind away until It's just outside the lines of your template
*Go slow, you can always grind more, but you can't put it back.
After a few seconds of grinding the steel may get very hot, we don't want to change the temper of the steel, so after a few seconds of shaping, dunk it in the water cup. if you hear it sizzle you were getting too hot, and will want to do it a little sooner
After getting the tip right i roughed out the rest of the shape. grinding and dipping in water, and grinding...
When it was pretty much the shape I wanted, it was time to grind it thinner. I had picked the back of the knife to be my pick, and that is where the blade was thickest, so i had to grind it from being very V shaped into a much thinner || shape. I did this by slowly grinding off the side of the blade that does not have the fingernail opening divot (this also happened to be the opposite side from my template too)
*remember go slow, if you grind it too thin it will be weak, you want a nice even grind, so keep the blade moving and inspect often.
Once it was as thin as my other picks, I finished following the template and grinding off any other rough parts.
.
When I was growing up, kids shows were about one thing and one thing only: saving the environment.
Okay, maybe not every show. But most of them.
Two Sesame Street segments did their work particularly well. One was about turning off the tap while brushing your teeth (if you didn't, Harry the Fish would die in a dried up pond). The other was about littering.
A woman sits down on a park bench, eats a sandwich, and throws the plastic wrap on the ground. Then a man sits down and does the same thing. Then the scene repeats and repeats and suddenly the whole world is drowning in plastic wrap.
The message rang loud and clear. There are a lot of people in the world, so multiply everything you do by… a lot.
I bet Venezuelan designer Enrique Luis Sardi also watched Sesame Street, the Latin-American version. So when he designed "the cookie cup", he envisioned the world drowning under paper and styrofoam. It sounds outlandish, but you never know.
And you don't have to look too far to see evidence of Sesame Street's prophetic nature.
By 9 a.m. the trash cans in Midtown Manhattan are barfing up cups all over the street.
The cookie cup, made for the Italian coffee brand Lavazza, is soon-to-be on the market in Europe. But I wonder if this decade's trend toward physical fitness will stall the cookie cups arrival in the United States. Some politicians still question the threat of climate change, while pink slime and the size of sugary drinks makes front page news.
Although according to Michael J. Coren of Co.Exist, "Containers to chow down on are becoming a bit of a trend. A Harvard professor has developed biodegradable plastic membranes that taste like their contents and may be eaten along with them. Bon appétit."
This post was originally published on Smartplanet.com
Published: Friday, November 18, 2016 @ 12:05 PM
— The victim in Friday's shooting at one of the busiest intersections in downtown Springfield has died.
Victim ID'd as Melody Turner, 29, of Springfield
Tevius Turner, 35, was arrested Friday in Kentucky
Police say Tevius Turner was in argument with victim's cousin
FULL REPORT
The Montgomery County Coroner's Office confirmed early this morning the victim of a shooting at East North and Spring streets in Springfield has died.
The victim has been identified as 29-year-old Melody Turner, of Springfield, according to the coroner's office. An autopsy has not yet been performed.
Tevius Turner, 35, was arrested Friday in Kentucky by U.S. Marshals.
Police records filed with the Clark County Municipal Court show Springfield police requested a felonious assault warrant for Turner, who police said shot a woman after becoming involved in an argument with the victim's cousin.
Police said the woman was found in a car unresponsive and bleeding heavily from her left ear when they arrived to the scene at the intersection of East North and Spring streets.
Police said the victim's cousin told police he and Turner were involved in an argument regarding money at a Quality Inn in the 300 block of East Leffel Lane.
Shortly thereafter, according to the report, the woman and her cousin left the hotel to cash a check at an East Main Street business when Turner arrived and began arguing with the victim's cousin inside the store.
Police said the victim and her cousin exited the store, got into a car and prepared to leave before Turner grabbed a pistol from his car parked next to the couple and pointed the gun at the victim's cousin.
The victim began to back out of the car upon seeing the pistol when Turner fired one shot that hit the victim in the neck or head, the report states. The victim's cousin then drove the car out of the store's parking lot and to the intersection of East North and Spring Streets where police responded.
According to the Kentucky State Police, Turner was arrested Friday on a fugitive warrant from the U.S. Marshal's Service as the result of a traffic stop on southbound I-75 in the area of Williamsburg, Ky.
State police began patrolling the interstate about 4:45 p.m., located the black BMW described by authorities and arrested Turner at 6 p.m., according to a post dispatcher in London, Ky.
Turner is being detained in the Whitley County Detention Center in Williamsburg. His address is listed as Cartersville, Ga.
The shooting comes as the city has faced an increase in violent crime this year.
RELATED: As Springfield violence climbs, 2 sides battle different fronts
Calls to police related to weapons jumped 30 percent in the first half of this year from the same time in 2015, according to police data obtained by the Springfield News-Sun. Springfield police responded to 594 calls related to guns or weapons in the first six months of 2016.
DETAILS: Violent crime in Springfield at 14-year high
Springfield Mayor Warren Copeland said any shooting is a cause for concern, particularly at a time when he noted the city is considering $1.5 million in budget cuts next year, including potentially taking officers off the street to perform clerical duties.
“This is one reason why the city does not want to take police off the street,” Copeland said Friday afternoon. “This is exactly what we're afraid of, is we won't be able to respond to these types of situations. It worries me tremendously connected to our budget.”
Published in 2013, Brad Stone's book The Store paints an ambitious and relentless portrait of Jeff Bezos, a man who is determined to create an online store that will someday be "everything to everyone".
As prescient as this characterization was at the time, the narrative is even more relevant now - and with Amazon's most recent acquisition of Whole Foods Market for $13.7 billion, it's clear that no market is safe from the sprawling Bezos Empire.
The store
This infographic from CB Insights shows how Amazon's strategy is unfolding, as well as which acquisitions are helping in the company's quest to become the fabled "everything" store.
CB Insights via The Visual Capitalist
While buying Zappos ($1.2B), Twitch ($970M), and Kiva Systems ($775M) were all essential to Amazon's strategy, the price paid for these companies is minuscule in comparison to the massive $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods Market.
Amazon's biggest acquisitions
Here's how each of these acquisitions is helping to fuel Amazon's ambitions:
Whole Foods Amazon's boldest move yet, buying Whole Foods signals Amazon's goal of becoming a transcendent brand that touches every aspect of daily life. Most people need to buy groceries every week - and that gives Amazon a new and more frequent window to interact with customers.
Zappos Known for its obsessive customer service and company culture, Zappos was most likely bought by Amazon for its team.
Kiva Systems Now re-branded as Amazon Robotics, this company specializes in manufacturing mobile robotic fulfillment systems for Amazon's array of warehouses.
Elemental Technologies Amazon's AWS unit has integrated Elemental's unique mobile video technology into its cloud infrastructure services.
Lovefilm Thought as the "Netflix of Europe", Lovefilm's streaming services were re-branded as Amazon Prime Instant Video in 2014.
Souq.com Amazon bought this Dubai-based retailer to improve its footprint in the Middle East - and to prevent global competitors like Alibaba and Flipkart from making inroads in the market.
Quidsi Bought by Amazon in 2011, Quidsi ran six shopping sites, including Diapers.com, Soap.com and Wag.com. After a brief stint at Amazon, Quidsi founder Marc Lore left to start Jet.com - which was sold to Walmart for $3.3 billion.
Audible Owning the leader in audiobooks was a no-brainer for Amazon, and the Audible acquisition went down in 2008.
Annapurna Labs This secretive Israeli semiconductor chip designer was snatched up by Amazon in 2015.
Twitch Amazon bought Twitch, a video game live streaming company, in 2014 when the service was flush with 55 million subscribers. Today, Twitch.tv is the 40th most visited website worldwide, and is particularly known for its broadcasts of eSports competitions.
Ads by Google
The statue was built in Paris and then shipped to the U.S. in 1885. Various parts of the statue were on display throughout Paris as they were completed. Miss Liberty's head was exhibited in the gardens at the Tracadéro, and her torch was on display as well, as you can observe in the images on this page.
Construction of Statue of Liberty began in 1875 and was not completed until 1884. Crews worked round the clock, seven days a week, for nine years to finish the Statue of Liberty. When it was complete in 1885, the statue was disassembled into 350 pieces, shipped to New York City, and reassembled. It took 4 months just to put the Statue of Liberty together again!
The Statue of Liberty was officially dedicated and unveiled on October 28, 1886.
Ads by Google
Iris Hoard and Doug Foster exchanged vows at the D.C. Superior Court on April 29. (Henry Spencer/Memories of Bliss Photography)
Doug Foster couldn't know that a hot dog craving — coupled with a fender bender — would lead to a reunion with the love of his life.
It was early April 2012 and Doug, hankering for “one of those dirty dogs off of the roach coach” (a half-smoke from a food truck), left his office in Washington on a mission. But while parking across the street from the vendor, he bumped into a man's truck.
No one was hurt and both vehicles were unscathed, but the two exchanged business cards before parting ways. Doug thought that would be the end of it. Lucky for him, it wasn't.
Later that day, the man griped about the incident and mentioned Doug's name to a friend, Bernadeen “Bernie” Hoard. Turns out, Bernie happened to be the sister of Doug's girlfriend from 33 years earlier, Iris Hoard.
Bernie immediately recognized his name, got his number and encouraged her sister to call him and reconnect.
Iris Hoard and Doug Foster pose before a family dinner at National Harbor's Gaylord hotel on April 30. (Henry Spencer/Memories of Bliss Photography)
Several days after the accident, at Bernie's insistence, she and Iris placed a three-way call to Doug. As soon as Iris heard his voice, she felt flutters. “He had never left my mind, after all of those years,” says Iris, now 58 and retired.
Doug felt the same way. “I couldn't believe it. After all of this time, I was talking to Iris. The Iris. My Iris,” says Doug, now 74 and the owner of a consulting firm. “I was shocked and weak at the knees!”
[Are you getting married in the Washington region? Tell us why we should feature your nuptials here.]
Their story dates to the disco era — 1979. Doug, then 36, was friend of Bernie's and a manager of several clubs in the District, including the Black Tahiti and the Black Crystal. Often times, Iris, then 21, and her sister would call him up in the wee hours of the morning, after a night of doing the hustle, to grill them up some late-night eats.
He would always take the call, even after a late night of work. “They'd say, ‘We are hungry. Can you fix us breakfast?' ” recalls Doug, laughing. “I'd say, ‘Fine. Come on over.' ”
“We would always come back for more, so evidently it was tasty,” Bernie quips.
Iris and Doug, both D.C. natives, developed an easy rapport and bonded quickly, despite their age difference. They shared similar interests and challenges — both were raising young children and had recently suffered heartbreak (Iris had broken up with her son's father, and Doug was recently divorced from his first wife.)
Iris Hoard and Doug Foster at National Harbor's Gaylord hotel on April 30. (Henry Spencer/Memories of Bliss Photography )
After several visits, Doug mustered up the courage to ask Iris out on a date to the Kennedy Center's Roof Terrace Restaurant. “Back then, it was extremely elegant, like old Hollywood,” Doug says. “She fit in perfectly.”
Iris recalls being blown away by Doug's charm, style and character. “He just has a very kind heart, had good spirits and a nice personality and smile,” she says.
Most mornings, Doug would pick Iris up in his red-and-white 1980 Cadillac Seville, dressed in a suit, and drive her to work. Her son, Jerome, used to say Doug's look reminded him of the character Sweet Daddy Williams from the show “Good Times.”
A relationship quickly developed, but, despite their initial chemistry, they drifted apart after a year. Neither can distinctly remember the breakup nor what specifically caused it.
“There were no fights, no disagreements, no anything,” Iris says. “For whatever reason, it just fizzled.” She speculates that their age difference may have been a factor. “I think I didn't know back then what true love was, really,” she says. “I had to experience life to understand and appreciate” it.
They made a clean break and remained out of touch. As time passed, both moved on: Iris had a serious relationship; Doug remarried and later divorced in 2007. They never once ran into each other on the Metro, at the supermarket or about town, despite living less than 10 minutes from each other for some time.
That is, until Doug's fender-bender in 2012.
After reconnecting, they took things slowly, starting off as just friends, and worked on rebuilding trust. Hour-long phone calls, before and after work, grew into regular home visits.
The more time they spent together, the more their confidence in a potential relationship grew. They realized they still loved each other and developed a new level of commitment. “I kept thinking, ‘This is it. This is destiny,' ” says Iris, who kept expecting the butterflies to settle at some point, but they never did. “He's a romantic,” she adds. “He sends me flowers and takes me out to dinner for no particular reason, just because.”
In July 2013, Doug moved into Iris's Rhode Island Avenue home.
“I never stop having fun with Iris,” he says. “I love everything about her. . . . We can be in a room with thousands of people and act like there is nobody else there with us.”
On Sept. 14, 2015, while watching “Dancing With the Stars,” Doug grabbed Iris's hand and surprised her with a proposal. She giddily accepted.
“Friends and family kept coaching us and pushing us to get married, but it had to be our time,” Iris says, “and nobody else's.”
On April 29, Iris and Doug exchanged vows at the D.C. Superior Court building. The bride carried a small bouquet of purple irises and wore a matching lavender sash around her waist. The groom wore a white suit and matching feathered hat. Their guests smiled and cheered as the couple sealed the ceremony with several kisses. “He messed my lipstick up!” Iris joked.
Later celebrations included a family dinner at National Harbor's Gaylord hotel and a reception with 120 guests at the VIP Room, a social club in Northwest Washington. For their first dance, the couple swayed to Eric Benet and Tamia's “Spend My Life With You.”
“There's never a good time or a bad time — there's just time, and you have to grab it,” Doug says. “I let 33 years get away from me. We don't have another 33.”
Iris added, smiling: “We look forward to making up for lost time.”
Are you getting married in the Washington region? Tell us why we should feature your nuptials here at wapo.st/weddings.
TORONTO – A woman who spent hours suspended high above a construction site after scaling a crane in downtown Toronto was rescued by being strapped to a rappelling firefighter and lowered to the ground as dozens watched in suspense from below.
Cheers erupted from onlookers as the pair's feet hit the ground at about 8:30 a.m. Wednesday, bringing the dramatic, hours-long rescue operation to a safe conclusion.
The woman, who police identified as 23-year-old Marisa Lazo, was then handcuffed and handed over to paramedics. Lazo faces six counts of mischief by interfering with property and will appear in court Thursday.
The woman's perilous climb nonetheless remained a mystery even to those tasked with retrieving her, with firefighters saying there was no indication why she scaled the crane in the middle of the night.
They believe, however, that she climbed up the crane, crawled out on to the end of it, and slid down a cable to the large pulley device where she got stranded.
“She has to tell me how she did it because she has to be our new training officer for high-angle (rescue) because it's impressive,” said Rob Wonfor, who rappelled down the towering machinery with her.
“It was hard enough for me to go up with ropes and harnesses and she free-climbed that.”
Wonfor said he didn't ask her for an explanation during the rescue because they needed to stay focused. But he noted the woman didn't seem frightened and was “very calm.”
“She was a brave girl, she helped me when I got there,” he said.
A 22-year veteran of the fire service, Wonfor said the rescue was unusual in that people who climb cranes typically stay on the shaft, which was not the case Wednesday.
The woman had been perched on a gently swaying large pulley device called the block — measuring only about 15 centimetres by 60 centimetres — for at least four hours and was clinging to a steel cable when Wonfor reached her.
“It's an outstanding success,” Toronto Fire Chief Matthew Pegg said of the operation. “We train for this, although we've never seen one like this before.”
Pegg said crews were called to the scene at a construction site on Wellesley Street near Yonge Street at about 4 a.m.
Wonfor and a police negotiator began climbing up the crane at about 6 a.m. and the firefighter rappelled down to the woman on the pulley device around 8 a.m., Pegg said.
The firefighter then carefully strapped himself to the woman and the pair were slowly lowered onto the ground about half an hour later.
The plan had initially been to lower the block onto a nearby parkette once the two were harnessed but Pegg said the crane operator indicated the block might swing and the moving cables could cause some pinching.
“She was brought down safely, she didn't appear to be in any distress,” Pegg said. “This was a very technical, very complex rescue.”
Wonfor also said he was feeling fine, although fatigued after carrying heavy equipment on an already intense climb.
But the firefighter had no intention of resting, and noted he was heading to play in a hockey tournament for the remainder of the day.
BEIRUT – Syrian regime forces are preparing to wage a battle to seize an ISIS-held desert oasis town on a strategic road running to the Deir Ezzor province.
Following the fall of Palmyra on March 27, the Syrian army and allied forces have set their sights on Al-Sukhna, which lies a little over 70 kilometers east of the UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Warplanes continue to [bomb] ISIS members in Al-Sukhna and its environs in preparation for an attack on the town following the liberation of Qaryatayn,” pro-regime daily Al-Watan wrote Thursday morning.
Syrian regime forces have encircled Qaryatayn—a town southwest of Palmyra on the edges of the country's vast semi-desert—amid reports of an imminent offensive.
Qaryatayn was first seized by ISIS in August 2015, and has since been used a staging ground for the jihadist group's offensives eastward into the outskirts of the Eastern Qalamoun mountains.
Even as battles continue to rage outside Qaryatayn, the Syrian regime has started to mobilize troops for the drive on Al-Sukhna, which lies on the M20 highway leading to Deir Ezzor city, where regime forces have managed to hold onto a pocket of territory despite repeated ISIS attacks.
“Regime forces supported by allied militiamen of Syrian, Arab and Asian nationalities… are massing in the Wadi al-Ahmar area east of Palmyra in preparation for a wide-scale attack on Al-Sukhna,” the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported Thursday.
The monitoring NGO tracking developments in the war-torn country added that Russian military advisors were taking part in the preparations for the assault.
The capture of Al-Sukhna, which fell to ISIS in May 2015, would serve as a strategic boon for the regime, allowing it to once again resupply its troops in Deir Ezzor by land.
NOW's English news desk editor Albin Szakola (@AlbinSzakola) wrote this report.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, the top Clinton operative who holds elected office, is under investigation yet again. This time, it involves $120,000 given to McAuliffe's gubernatorial campaign by a billionaire who served in China's communist legislature.
McAuliffe's business and political dealings have raised questions repeatedly. For example, in the 1990s, as McAuliffe set records raising money for the Clintons, congressional investigators uncovered a Chinese government scheme to funnel money to the Clinton operation through a number of businesspeople, including a man named "Charlie" Trie. In that case, 94 people either refused questioning, pled the Fifth Amendment, or left the country.
During that period, McAuliffe helped a company named Loral Space get seats on official trade missions, and, reportedly with McAuliffe's intervention, the Clinton administration overruled national security officials to approve a Loral deal that gave China critical missile technology. Loral's CEO became the largest donor to the Democratic National Committee, where McAuliffe became chairman.
In 2009, McAuliffe founded GreenTech Automotive, a manufacturer of electric vehicles. "If you have good green projects, there are billions of dollars that are looking for those projects," he said at the time. Soon after, McAuliffe received a package of special-interest "incentives" — loans, grants and targeted tax breaks — from state and local governments in Mississippi to build a plant there. The taxpayers' care package totaled at least $5 million. At the plant's ribbon-cutting, Bill Clinton was an honored guest.
Why did McAuliffe, running for governor in Virginia, build his plant in Mississippi? Because Virginia provided no taxpayer goodies. The Virginia Economic Development Partnership, which hands out "development incentives," was "dubious of the project from its beginning." One official wrote, "This company is a complete start-up venture and it appears the management team has no previous experience in automotive manufacturing."
Despite "failing to satisfy questions about its financing and viability," McAuliffe kept looking for government handouts. The Wall Street Journal's Kim Strassel went so far as to call the fundraising ploy "Terry McAuliffe's Solyndra" and a "crony-capitalist embarrassment."
The Mississippi project was supposed to produce 1,500 jobs. Later, company officials dropped that to 350 by late 2014. A recent group photo of employees shows about 75 people.
But there's more to the GreenTech story than crony capitalism: McAuliffe's visa business.
Under the Immigration Act of 1990, through a little-known visa program called EB-5, a foreigner can obtain a green card by investing $1 million in the U.S. ($500,000 if the company locates in a rural or high-unemployment area). Both government agencies and private companies can issue EB-5 visas in exchange for high-dollar investment.
GreenTech, shortly after its founding, partnered with Gulf Coast Funds Management — run by Anthony Rodham, Hillary Clinton's brother — to recruit EB-5 investors. (Today, Rodham runs the GreenTech EB-5 operation, and the two companies share offices in McLean, Va.) Between 2009 and 2012, EB-5 visas helped GreenTech raise $67 million from over 100 foreign investors. Gulf Coast collected more than $7 million of its own during that time, suggesting a massive "visas for sale" scheme. By early 2013, at least 31 Chinese had received green cards through the McAuliffe/Rodham EB-5 operation. (Keep in mind that, in China, there's no real distinction between the Communist Party, the government and the business elite.)
Gulf Coast attempted to acquire an EB-5 visa for a Chinese telecom executive linked to the Chinese government. Zhenjun Zhang, the Huwaei Technologies executive who coordinated with Gulf Coast, was accused by former CIA Director Michael Hayden of "providing sensitive information about foreign communication systems to Beijing," according to one report. Yet Gulf Coast still made a pay-for-visa deal.
One possible explanation: Foreign nationals with green cards can contribute to elections, thanks to a loophole that McAuliffe is currently exploiting to excuse monies he (and the Clinton Foundation) received from Chinese billionaire Wang Wenliang.
Coincidentally, Gulf Coast's Rodham is the godfather of the grandson of Aslan Abashidze, a former official in the former Soviet nation of Georgia, who partnered with Rodham in a deal to export hazelnuts. Abashidze was removed from office in 2004, thanks to public protests stemming from his conviction for stealing $57 million in government funds. Abashidze was also accused of murdering a former deputy.
Money and political power, coming together in business deals involving some of the world's most corrupt people. The latest investigation into Terry McAuliffe proves the Clinton '90s never really ended.
Dr. Steven J. Allen is the Vice President and Chief Investigative Officer of the Capital Research Center.Thinking of submitting an op-ed to the Washington Examiner? Be sure to read our guidelines on submissions.
Jake Lloyd played Anakin Skywalker in the 1999 blockbuster 'Star Wars' prequel.
Jake Lloyd, who played young Anakin Skywalker in 1999's Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace, was arrested in Charleston, South Carolina, TMZ reports.
Lloyd, 26, was driving when sheriff's deputies attempted to get him to pull over, with the chase then lasting several miles, according to TMZ. Eventually, Lloyd reportedly lost control of the vehicle, driving off the road and hitting several trees.
He was arrested for reckless driving, failure to stop, resisting arrest and driving without a license and is currently in custody, TMZ reports.
In addition to Phantom Menace, Lloyd has had roles in the films Jingle All the Way and 2005's Madison, starring Jim Caviezel, along with recurring roles on the TV series ER and The Pretender.
In a 2012 interview, Lloyd said that his role in the Star Wars franchise made his childhood a "living hell," adding that he had destroyed all of his merchandise from the film due to anger he felt toward the project.
Email: Ryan.Gajewski@THR.com
Twitter: @_RyanGajewski
AUSTRALIA'S artisan cheese and dairy producers are up in arms after a global supermarket chain wiped the floor with them at the annual Sydney Royal dairy awards.
Aldi, based in Germany but with stores across Europe, the United States, Britain and Australia, picked up 49 medals, including eight gold, and was named the most successful dairy produce exhibitor at the Royal Agricultural Society of NSW 2013 Cheese and Dairy Produce Show awards.
Not sour grapes … Pecora's Michael McNamara. Credit:Sahlan Hayes
The results have prompted local crafters of fine cheese, butter and yoghurt to call for an overhaul of the judging system that would pit generic brands against one another only, while boutique producers would compete in separate categories.
Pepe Saya, who supplies butter to Neil Perry's Rockpool, Aria restaurant and Qantas first class, said while he fully supported the work of the Agricultural Society to grow the dairy industry, he personally stopped entering the awards after Coles started entering its generic brands.
Twin Holy Birthdays Observed by Bahá'ís Type Bahá'í Date First and second day after the eight full moon following Bahá'í Naw-Rúz 2018 date 9–10 November 2019 date 29–30 October 2020 date 19–20 October 2021 date 7–8 November
The Festivals of the Twin Birthdays or the Twin Holy Birthdays refers to two successive holy days in the Bahá'í Calendar that celebrate the births of two central figures of the Bahá'í Faith. The two holy days are the birth of the Báb on the first day of Muharram in the Islamic calendar (20 October 1819) and the birth of Bahá'u'lláh on the second day of Muharram (two years prior, on 12 November 1817).[1][2][3]
They are observed on the first and the second day following the occurrence of the eighth new moon after Naw-Rúz, as determined in advance by astronomical tables using Tehran as the point of reference.[4] This results in the observance of the Twin Birthdays moving, year to year, within the months of Mashíyyat, ‘Ilm, and Qudrat of the Bahá'í calendar, or from mid-October to mid-November in to the Gregorian calendar.[5]
Prior to 2015 and a decision by the Universal House of Justice, these two holy days had been observed on the first and second days of Muharram in the Islamic lunar calendar in the Middle East, while other countries observed them according to the Gregorian calendar on 20 October (for the birth of the Báb) and 12 November (for the birth of Bahá'u'lláh).[2]
In 174 B.E. (2017) and 176 B.E. (2019) the bicentennial anniversaries of the Birth of Bahá'u'lláh and the Birth of the Báb will be celebrated.[5] In October 2017 the Universal House of Justice sent a letter to "all who celebrate the Glory of God", on the meaning of Bahá'u'lláh's life and current Bahá'í activities, inspired by the 200th anniversary of his birth.[6]
Observance [ edit ]
Year Dates (Badí' Calendar) Dates (Gregorian Calendar)[7] Bicentennials 172 B.E. Qudrat 10, 11 12/13 Nov, 13/14 (2015) 173 B.E. `Ilm 18, 19 31 Oct/Nov 1, 1/2 Nov (2016) 174 B.E. `Ilm 7, 8 20/21 Oct, 21/22 (2017) Bicentennial of the Birth of Bahá'u'lláh (from sunset on Friday 20 October to sunset on Sunday 22 October) 175 B.E. Qudrat 6, 7 8/9 Nov, 9/10 (2018) 176 B.E. `Ilm 14, 15 28/29 Oct, 29/30 (2019) Bicentennial of the Birth of the Báb (from sunset on Monday 28 October to sunset on Wednesday 30 October) 177 B.E. `Ilm 4, 5 17/18 Oct, 18/19 (2020) 178 B.E. Qudrat 4, 5 5/6 Nov, 6/7 (2021)
Significance [ edit ]
Chart showing the fluctuations of the eighth new moon after Naw-Rúz (Bahá'í new year) marking the date of the Twin Holy Birthdays in the Bahá'í calendar , between 172 and 221 B.E. (2015–2065).
The notion of "twin Manifestations of God" is a concept fundamental to Bahá'í belief, describing the relationship between the Báb and Bahá'u'lláh. Both are considered Manifestations of God in their own right, having each founded separate religions (Bábism and the Bahá'í Faith) and revealed their own holy scriptures. To Bahá'ís, however, the missions of the Báb and Bahá'u'lláh are inextricably linked: The Báb's mission was to prepare the way for the coming of Him whom God shall make manifest, who eventually appeared in the person of Bahá'u'lláh. For this reason, both the Báb and Bahá'u'lláh are revered as central figures of the Bahá'í Faith.[8] A parallel is made between Bahá'u'lláh and the Báb as between Jesus and John the Baptist.[9]
In the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, Bahá'u'lláh wrote that his birthday and that of Báb "are accounted as one in the sight of God".[10]
References [ edit ]
Event info. I've crosschecked with Mano's blog post but names will definitely be the ones I have datamined in English . The English daemon names might change before the event begins because no one is supposed to know details before the event. I will not translate Mano's side comments and will only translate what I deem the most important information. Under the cut because it's a long post! Do not repost. UPDATED: April 14@ 10AM EST
The event is going to be all about elves; that's why so many new elves have been released. Even in the FH JS batch will include another elf (which will be the post above this one). The event's theme is idols (see what I mean by “all about elves”? All of 'em are idols as far as I know) and some sort of competition/selection for idols.
It is TOWER. The event name is on the lines of “Let's vote for your favourite idol!”
UPDATE: Collectable is Voting Slip and official event name is Spirit Idol Competition.
≡Event Helpers≡
→258: Star Mine (ranged)
→259: Zirco Elf (ranged; picture here)
→260: Diablata (melee)
Unless skill and abilities of these event helpers are requested, I will not post them. After all, most players usually not trying to summon a helper for their skills or abilities (excluding Amanojaku) .
≡Event Daemons≡
→261: Orias (melee)
Skill stayed the same (refer to this post).
→262: Sodium Elf (ranged)
Skill stayed the same (refer to this post).
→263: Ame-no-Uzume (ranged)
Skill changed: Increases the DMG of all allies by x% for a limited time.
Ability changed: Moderately increases the Crit DMG of all allies.
→264: Genjo (ranged)
Skill changed: Recovers x HP to 3 allies (melee priority) and increases their speed by x% for a limited time.
Ability stayed the same (refer to this post).
→265: Lucifer (melee)
Skill and both abilities stayed the same (refer to this post).
→266: Platina Elf (ranged; what the heck is this translation…Platina?)
Skill stayed the same (refer to this post).
Ability changed: Moderately increases the Crit rate of all allies if Aurum Elf is in the party.
Aurum is Latin for gold. Aurum is in the FH JS batch post here.
Advertisements
I think im in a pickle- wheels spin w/clutch down, and hard to shift into gear
So a week ago, I replaced my clutch(bearings, disc, and pressure plate), only to notice after I started my car it was a bad throw out bearing (made a awful noise and even smoked). But seeing as how the old one seemed perfect, I greased it up and swapped it out, and it seems great. Then there is this. Now it is hard to shift through my gears (barley can get into fourth, fifth and reverse without SERIOUS strength) and while my car is just in neutral or while on clutch my rear wheels spin(I can stop them with my hand, then they continue spinning). I completely bleed the clutch, got a new slave, and adjusted the pedal. What could be my problem? How to fix?
tl;dr Replaced clutch, now wheels spin while on clutch pedal & VERY hard to switch gears. Thanks!
3
Grindcore: Napalm Death, Mertzbow, and Terrorizer.
Powerviolence: Man Is The Bastard, Spazz, and Charles Bronson.
Metalcore: Converge, Dillinger Escape Plan, As I Lay Dying, Trivium, and Pantera.
Screamo: Orchid, Pg. 99, Neil Perry, Portraits of Past, City of Caterpillar, In/Humanity, and Joshua Fit For Battle.
Post-Hardcore: Fugazi, Thursday, Silverstein, La Dispute and Laughing Hyenas (Come Down to the Merry Go Round, Life of Crime and Hard Times)
Melodic Hardcore: Rise Against and Title Fight.
Once you've listened to the classics, it's good to check out more contemporary iterations of hardcore music. There are bands staying true to the vibe of the original hardcore masters, bands like OFF!, which is fronted by the former Black Flag and Circle Jerks frontman Keith Morris, while younger bands like Converge and Nails have taken hardcore to brutal new heights. Increasingly, hardcore sounds have mixed with metal and other forms of extreme music to fuel all sorts of other hybrid genres. While the categories aren't by any means rigid, and many of the bands might disagree with the following categories, here's a brief breakdown of some distinct and popular genres and some bands that are sometimes associated with them:
Fort Collins motorists say gas from a local convenience store has damaged vehicles due to water leaking into the store's tank. (Photo: Bloomberg)
Engine problems in at least five vehicles have been linked back to watery gas pumped at a Fort Collins gas and convenience store.
Everyday Convenience Store received five complaints from customers with engine issues after they filled up at the store at 949 South Taft Hill Road, store manager Sheila Roessler said.
The problem was caused by a leaky lid which allowed rainwater to seep into the underground tanks.
"When it rains real hard it rains like a river and runs right over one of my lids" Roessler said. The tanks "are getting fixed," have been inspected and tested and "everything's OK again."
Two of the affected vehicles were towed to Gilsdorf Garage, 1111 W. Mulberry St., Gilsdorf's manager Brandon Pursley said. Another came to light when a technician at another shop called Gilsdorf. "We found all the gas had come from the same spot," Pursley said.
ELECTRIC VEHICLES:Do hybrid, electric vehicles pay off for Fort Collins?
The vehicles had enough gas to get the drivers home but didn't have enough combustion to fire the next time. Typically, vehicles with water in their gas tank can sputter and run rough or fail to start.
Repairs involve draining gas from the tank and, depending on the age of the vehicle, can include pulling the gas tank. The standard charge to remove a gas tank runs between $50 and $75 at Gilsdorf's.
Roessler said the claim has been turned into Everyday's insurance carrier, which will be in touch with customers who reported engine problems caused by watery gas.
Roessler said repair expenses incurred by vehicle owners "would probably" be reimbursed, along with the cost of the gas.
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1HnsiXT
HOBOKEN--A homeless man set himself on fire in the middle of a Hoboken street late Saturday night, police said.
Police received a call just after 11 p.m. that a man was trying to set himself on fire, Hoboken police Chief Kenneth Ferrante told NJ Advance Media. When police arrived, the man was on fire in the middle of the road at Bloomfield and Fourth streets, he said.
Lt. Mike DeTrizio and Sgt. Steven Aguiar--who were the first on the scene--shouted to the man to get on the ground to extinguish the fire, Ferrante said. The man remained standing, but began screaming as the fire started to spread from his jacket to his skin, he said. The officers pushed the man to the ground and helped him roll over to quickly put out the fire, he said.
The man was not seriously injured and was transported to Hoboken University Medical Center. Ferrante could not immediately provide additional information on the incident.
The scene was cleared by 11:20 p.m. No emergency vehicles were present where the incident occurred, and a group of police officers at Garden and Fourth streets declined to comment.
The incident came as patrons continued to pour into bars as part of the annual St. Patrick's Day Bar Crawl. This is the bar crawl's fourth year, and most of the 25 participating bars opened their doors at 11 a.m.
Nine arrests--for simple assaults and a drug possession--had been made as of Saturday night, Ferrante said. There had been 44 total violations of city ordinances barring public drinking and urination, he said. Ferrante said he expects this number to double by 4 a.m.
Kathryn Brenzel may be reached at kbrenzel@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @katiebrenzel. Find NJ.com on Facebook
"The question of removal was directly raised in the state court, and the judge ordered that an elector who does not vote as Coloradans voted can be removed," said Wayne Williams, Colorado's Republican secretary of state. | AP Photo Legal clash brewing over threat to remove Colorado electors
Colorado's Republican secretary of state is brushing aside a federal ruling that questioned his authority to remove presidential electors who defy the statewide popular vote, setting up a potential legal clash less than two days before the Electoral College meets to choose the president.
Wayne Williams said he's been authorized by a state court to remove any electors who refuse to cast their votes for Colorado's popular-vote winner, Hillary Clinton. Several of Colorado's Democratic electors say they intend to vote against Clinton as part of a broader strategy to convince Republican counterparts in other states to reject Donald Trump's election. Two of those electors, Polly Baca and Robert Nemanich, mounted a legal challenge to a Colorado law that forces them to vote for Clinton. Colorado is one of 29 states with similar “binding” laws on the books.
Story Continued Below
A three-judge panel of the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday ruled that the state law may remain in effect, but the panel suggested strongly that any attempt by Williams to remove and replace electors who violate the law could run afoul of the 12th Amendment, which sets out the Electoral College voting process.
In their order, the judges noted that the dispute over removing electors “is not a question that has been posed” by Baca and Nemanich. But they added that any attempt by Williams to remove electors "after voting has begun" would be "unlikely in light of the text of the Twelfth Amendment."
But Williams told POLITICO he's likelier to heed the recent ruling of a state court that permits him to eject electors who violate their pledge to Clinton.
"As the federal court stated, this issue was not before them,” he said. "The question of removal was directly raised in the state court, and the judge ordered that an elector who does not vote as Coloradans voted can be removed. … According to the binding court decisions, faithless electors can be removed, which preserves the votes of the nearly 3 million Coloradans who cast their ballots in the November election."
But attorneys working with the Colorado electors rejected Williams' argument.
“Colorado officials may interpret Colorado law to require this, but they cannot do anything that conflicts with the constitution,” said Mark Lemley, a Stanford University law professor. “The federal court strongly suggested that the state had no power to act under the 12th Amendment. I am very surprised that a Colorado officer would announce the intention to do something the federal court [says] they shouldn't try, because it would likely violate federal law.”
Lemley is part of Electors Trust, a group of prominent constitutional lawyers — including Harvard University's Larry Lessig — advising electors who wish to break from Trump. They celebrated Friday's appeals court decision as the first evidence ever issued by a federal court to suggest electors may be constitutionally free to vote for whoever they want.
“The 10th Circuit signaled pretty strongly that electors are free to vote their conscience, even in states that say they must vote for the winner of the popular election,” the lawyers argued.
Laurence Tribe, who isn't officially affiliated with the group but has lent support, agreed that the 10th Circuit ruling should take precedence over Colorado's law.
“This is a federal constitutional issue. The text of Article II and the 12th Amendment, and the reasoning of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, carry far more weight than the state court's opinion here,” he said.
The Electors Trust lawyers added that the appeals court's suggestion that electors can't be removed for violating their states' elector-binding laws should apply in other states.
“The upshot of all this is that this opinion provides reasonably strong support for the proposition that states cannot remove electors because of the votes they cast under the 12th Amendment,” the lawyers argued. “In other states in the 10th Circuit, including Oklahoma, Kansas, Utah, and Wyoming, that opinion should make it improper for a state official to try to do so. And as the only precedential decision from a court of appeals on the issue, it is likely to be persuasive in other circuits as well.”
Canada's information commissioner has confirmed that her office will investigate allegations that the federal government is muzzling its scientists.
The office of Suzanne Legault has concluded that a complaint made by Democracy Watch and the University of Victoria's Environmental Law Clinic in February falls within its mandate, wrote Emily McCarthy, assistant information commissioner, in a letter released Monday by Democracy Watch, an Ottawa-based non-profit organization that advocates for government accountability.
The letter, dated March 27, added that the office has notified and sent a summary of the complaint to the relevant government institutions:
Environment Canada.
Department of Fisheries and Oceans.
Natural Resources Canada.
National Research Council of Canada.
Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
Department of National Defence.
Treasury Board included
The letter added, "We have also determined that the Treasury Board Secretariat should be included in your complaint because of its role in relation to the development and implementation of government policies."
Tyler Sommers, co-ordinator of Democracy Watch, said in a statement, that the group is "very pleased" about the investigation being called.
"And we will continue to push the information commissioner to get to the bottom of this situation, publicly release the results, and push the federal government to change these policies," he added.
The complaint, filed on Feb. 20, suggested that federal government policy "forcing scientists to jump through hoops before speaking with the media" breaches the Access to Information Act.
The office of Information Commissioner Suzanne Legault will be investigating seven government institutions, including Environment Canada and the Treasury Board, over allegations that federal scientists are being muzzled. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
The complaint included a 26-page report with 100 pages of appendices, containing details and examples, based on internal government documents previously released through freedom of information requests, along with conversations with current and former federal public servants, journalists, members of non-profit organizations, and professors at Canadian universities.
The federal Access to Information Act requires the Office of the Information Commissioner to investigate "any matter related to obtaining or requesting access to records" from federal institutions.
If, following the investigation, the commissioner finds that the evidence supports the complaint, she will make recommendations to correct the problem or "facilitate a resolution," which typically involves mediation, but can also include a referral to the Federal Court of Canada.
The new miracle cure for injuries?
By Nick Triggle
BBC News health reporter
Arsenal striker Robin Van Persie has flown to Serbia for a novel form of treatment - placenta fluid is to be dripped on his injured ankle. Why is he doing this and will it work? Van Persie has been a key player for Arsenal this season It is not unusual for sports starts to look for super cures for their injuries. England footballer Wayne Rooney used an oxygen tent prior to the 2006 World Cup to help him recover from a broken foot and six years ago runner Paula Radcliffe rubbed oil from the belly of an emu to ease injuries sustained in a collision with a cyclist. But the news that Arsenal striker Robin Van Persie is heading to Serbia to get placenta fluid applied to an ankle injury has astonished many. The 26-year-old hurt his ankle while playing for the Dutch national side in a match against Italy. He was left with torn ankle ligaments after a challenge 10 minutes into the contest. Scans revealed a partial tear would keep him out of action for six weeks. Rapid recoveries But a Dutch journalist close to the national squad said he could be back in as little as four weeks if the treatment works. TV and radio reporter Rob Fleur said a woman who specialises in the treatment had been recommended to Van Persie by former team-mates Dutch midfielder Orlando Engelaar and Serbian forward Danko Lazovic. They both claim to have had rapid recoveries from similar injuries after travelling to Belgrade to see the specialist. You will often hear of sports stars trying out different treatments. I suppose it is a sign of the money and pressure involved
Abbie Turner, of Bristol University's Sports Medicine Clini Van Persie, speaking before travelling out to eastern Europe on Monday, was hopeful despite being unsure what to expect. He said: "She is vague about her methods but I know she massages you using fluid from a placenta. "I am going to try. "It cannot hurt and, if it helps, it helps. "I have been in contact with Arsenal physiotherapists and they have let me do it." Health benefits have long been associated with placenta. Some studies have suggested eating it can reduce the risk of post-natal depression, while Turkish researchers found injecting placenta cells into rabbits helped them recover from fractures. Massage It is not known how the placenta may help - and more research is now being carried out. However, it does have a high nutritional content. In the animal kingdom mothers routinely eat the placenta to help them recover from the exertion of birth and there are anti-ageing creams on the market that use sheep placenta cells. It seems likely that Van Persie's treatment will involve some form of massage using the fluid. HEALTH BENEFITS OF PLACENTA The placenta supplies food and oxygen to the foetus as well as releasing hormones to maintain pregnancy Animals routinely eat their placenta, which is discharged after birth, to get nutrition following the exertion of labour Some reports have suggested eating it could help ward off post-natal depression In Peru, dried placenta has been given to children when they fall ill in the belief it will help cure infections Turkish researchers have also used placenta cells to help heal fractures in tests on rabbits But while the nutritional content of the placenta is known to be high, it is still not known exactly how it can aid the healing process Such therapies are pretty standard for ligament damage. Abbie Turner, manager of Bristol University's Sports Medicine Clinic, said: "If it is a low grade ligament tear, treatment would nclude deep tissue massage and rehabilitation to restore balance and strength to the affected joint, ultrasound, joint mobilisations and strengthening exercises to strengthen weakened muscles around the joint. "If a tear is very serious then surgical repair can sometimes be required. "More alternative treatments are sometimes used with success and these can include acupuncture and joint injections. "But I have never heard of this - and I won't be rushing out to use it on my patients." Instead, she believes the steps taken by Van Persie and other stars reflects the nature of top-level sport. "High-level sportsmen and women will try many alternative treatments, often in a response to return to play or training as quickly as possible. "This can sometimes be due to financial pressure as is often the case in football."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tauranga City United's hopes of progressing to the Chatham Cup quarter finals have come to an end falling 0-2 to Onehunga Sports.
Squaring off at Links Avenue on Sunday the two sides played out a scoreless first half before the visitors struck twice in the second half through Josh Ming and Sean Lovemore.
With the loss the side must now turn its attention back to gaining promotion from the Northern League 2nd Division with a home fixture against North Force this Sunday.
In other Chatham Cup results Capital Premier League side Island Bay United turned over four-time ASB Chatham Cup champions Miramar Rangers as seven of the eight quarter-final berths were decided in the New Zealand national knockout cup competition.
Island Bay – who sit seventh in the Capital Premier League competition, a division below Central League leaders Miramar - recovered from going a goal behind to earn a 3-2 victory.
Henry Fa'arodo put the visitors ahead after 13 minutes but Island Bay fought back to hold an unlikely 2-1 halftime lead thanks to goals from Facundo Barbero and Callum Holmes.
Miramar's Patrick Fleming restored parity at 2-2 in the 59th minute but the home side hit the front for good when Luciano Colucci struck 19 minutes from time to seal a massive upset win in front of the raucous Island Bay supporters.
Napier City Rovers' run continues as the visitors earned a comparatively simple 4-2 win over Tawa AFC at Redwood Park.
After enduring two extra time thrillers in earlier rounds, Napier progressed with three first half goals from Chris Greatholder, Andy Bevin and Miles John while a second half penalty from Angus Kilkolly completed the scoring.
In Auckland, five times winners Central United FC again did it the hard way before booking their quarter-final berth.
After earning their fourth round place with a fightback from 3-0 down with 10 men against Birkenhead, Central – playing at Kiwitea Street - claimed a 3-1 victory over fellow Northern Premier League outfit Glenfield Rovers, scoring twice late on despite playing the final 30 minutes down a man.
Melville United ended the cup run of Waikato Bay of Plenty Federation 1 League side Ngongotaha; Jevon Williams and Leon Newell scoring at Stembridge Road to see off the home side who got back to 1-1 three minutes into the second half through Dayne Willemsen. Hamilton Wanderers booked a fourth round trip to Bay Olympic next weekend after recovering from a 1-0 deficit to claim a 3-1 away win over North Shore United at Allen Hill Stadium.
Edward Sillars gave the Northern Regional Division 1 side the lead in the rescheduled third round clash but a Mark Jones hat-trick turned things around for the Premier League outfit.
In the Southern Region, defending 2013 ASB Chatham Cup champions Cashmere Technical progressed to the last eight with a 1-0 win over Coastal Spirit at Linfield Park.
The victory was earned from the penalty spot in the 78th minute as Tom Schwarz struck the decisive blow.
Further south, Dunedin Technical – winners in 1999 – sealed their berth with an identical victory; substitute David Hayman settling the tie, also with a 78th minute winner, at the Caledonian Ground.
After a regional draw in the first four rounds, the competition draw for the quarter-finals will be done on a national basis.
#COLUMN
▪ WRESTLE KINGDON 12 : Full Card & Tickets Info▶ https://www.njpw1972.com/wk12/
▪ WRESTLE KINGDOM 12 : LIVE Streaming on NJPWWORLD. Sign up to Watch the live▶ http://njpwworld.com/
Alpha versus Omega. Jericho versus Kenny. It's a match that has the world talking. But what can we expect from Jericho on January 4? We talked to his old friend Jado to gain an insight into the mind of pro wrestling's Alpha!
— So, Chris Jericho has made a huge impact in New Japan. You and he go way back..
Jado: Right. We first met in Mexico so.. it must be about 26 years now.
— Would Jericho have been in Mexico with Ultimo Dragon at that time?
Jado: No, no. I was over in Mexico as a freelancer and had a match with Jericho. Then I went to W*ING but he stayed in Mexico. Then it was around 1994 and WAR that Dragon brought Jericho to Japan.
— After all that time, on November 5, Jericho appeared on the big screen in Osaka. How did seeing that video message make you feel?
Jado: It was a huge shock, and not just to Japanese wrestling, but the whole world. I mean, here's this guy that unified the WCW and WWE heavyweight belts… do you know what the most important thing in wrestling is?
–What?
Jado: It's timing. Just the combination of absolute best time and absolute best place to do something nobody would think possible. Jericho, with the influence he has on the wrestling world, and Omega. This year it couldn't happen; Omega was with Okada. 2019 maybe they couldn't do it. Jericho just has a great sense of timing, of knowing ‘2018 is the time to do this'.
— You mentioned timing. Do you think Jericho's wild, unpredictable side is another special talent of his?
Jado: Right. Jericho's always been a hungry guy. And he really feels right now that he needs to face Omega. He said it himself, it's Alpha versus Omega. He's put together such a huge match for the worldwide audience.
— You and Jericho seem to get along well on Twitter, too..
Jado: (laughs) Well, he's absolutely an old friend.
— Do you and he ever talk on a personal level?
Jado: Well, I think if we want to we can.
— Did he get in touch with you when he showed up in Osaka?
Jado: No, not really. If he came to me it would be ‘shall we go out for dinner'? That kind of thing. He's the same way. But when he was touring Japan with WWE, we'd definitely meet up. Once a year or so.
— When he was in Japan for WWE, you'd always tweet out a photo with you and he's going for dinner. Did you ever talk much about what was happening in New Japan over those dinners?
Jado: Not in much detail; he didn't have a clear vision of coming to wrestle here at the time. But he was pretty clued in. He'd know Okada was champion, ask about Tanahashi and if he was hurt or not. These days you can find out about all sorts of things online pretty easily, so he's definitely keeping up I think.
— His antenna is always working, so to speak.
Jado: That's Jericho. I think his radar picked up that Kenny's doing big things and that they're from the same home town of Winnipeg, so he decided something had to happen.
— The ‘big superstar' Jericho being a challenger is an interesting situation.
Jado: Again, I thought that it's really like him, to have the intuition to choose Kenny who's on such a rise. And he did it on NJPW World so the whole world could see. He wanted to send that message, ‘I'm number one in Canada, and I'm number one in the world'.
But I think this is a bigger topic in America than it is here. I mean, with this match, New Japan is doing something that WWE couldn't hope to put together. There's probably a lot of pissed off people over there right now (laughs).
— Back in WAR, Jericho wrestled as Lion-do, and teamed with you and Gedo. What do you remember of that period?
Jado: He was on the road with us, eating with us and everything, and honestly, he was thinking about wrestling all the time, 24/7. Mind you, we were the same way.
— You really hit it off?
Jado: I'd say so. We're about the same age too, he's a couple years younger.
— You were like brothers.
Jado: Absolutely. I mean, we were together all the time, on the road and off.
— Did you feel like a teacher, a senpai to Jericho?
Jado: I wouldn't say so, there wasn't a hierarchy at play. We were equals.
— And did you feel that he was going to become a big deal one day?
Jado: Oh, yeah. I just had a feeling that if he got a break he would really go far.
— What about him really captures the audience do you think?
Jado: First of all, if he's in the ring, the whole crowd is paying attention to him. A little hand motion, a little footwork, anything and the crowd is completely focused on him. There's not too many people that can suck the crowd in like that.
— Is that something he's worked on, do you think? Or does it come naturally?
Jado: Hmm, to go back to timing, it's down to that I think. Even if he's just in the corner, on the apron during a match, the fans' eyes are just drawn to him. That unique aura he has is what makes him great.
— Is that something other people can hope to learn?
Jado: Well there are some people it comes naturally to, and some that work and work and work at it. With Jericho it's a little of both. You look at him, and he isn't a huge guy by any means. But he was in the mix with, and beating guys like the Rock, or Steve Austin. That's special.
— Were you following Jericho on his path through the different promotions from WAR to WWE?
Jado: Oh, yeah. I was always watching. I thought it was amazing for him, but at the same time it wasn't a surprise. I knew he would make it sometime.
— Is there any other wrestler you think is similar to Jericho?
Jado: Hmm. Maybe Eddie Guerrero. But looking at how things have gone, I don't think even Guerrero was better than Jericho.
— Jericho won a lot of his matches with a Boston Crab, the Walls of Jericho. He was able to get a lot of success with a very simple hold. What do you think about that?
Jado: As you get further into your career, you gradually cut out wasted movement. You learn what best draws the people in and stay with that. I think that simplicity came from him as he mellowed out.
— Is that something you can relate to in a way?
Jado: I think so. For him it's not like he can't do something, it's that he knows he doesn't need to, so he won't. He can do a second rope moonsault, but only if he wants to.
— How do you think that will play into the match with Kenny then, when he has such an abundance of moves at his disposal?
Jado: Well, Jericho's bag of tricks is far from small. I think in a lot of ways, we're going to see the real Chris Jericho in this match. Not necessarily the Chris Jericho we've seen in WWE, but someone willing to pull out absolutely all the stops. It's going to be awesome, I think.
— Is there something in particular about Jericho you want people to take notice of?
Jado: Like I said, people's eyes are just drawn to him. I don't need to say anything because he is just that magnetic and you'll be able to see for yourself.
— Even his entrances are very spectacular and draw people in right away.
Jado: As soon as he steps through the curtain, he has you. That goes for his entrance and his matches.
— Is there anything else that really separates him from any other wrestler?
Jado: Hmm, I'd say he has a unique ability to make long matches seem short. He can make twenty minutes seem like the blink of an eye.
— That's how much he really dominates his space.
Jado: It's more that he has the ability to completely change the atmosphere. All through the match that will go on before this, the crowd in the Dome will be thinking ‘Jericho's next!'. When that match is done ‘he's coming up!'. When he enters ‘he's here!'. During the match everyone will be focused on what he does, so when it ends they'll think ‘it's finished already?'. I think the only person that has that similar ability is Okada. As soon as that coin drops on his entrance, he has you.
— You're Jericho's good friend. This is his big New Japan return. Do you want to be in Jericho's corner?
Jado: No way. I want it to really be a Jericho match. I don't want to throw that off. Just, when the match is done we'll probably grab a few beers together (laughs).
Last Saturday, the Communist party in Umeå organized a lecture about Ukraine. I was expecting that the discussion would be somewhat biased, because the communists are known for their pro-Russian position, but the reality proved to be much more depressing. The lecturer, a hardened communist from Uppsala, and a genocide-denier Mario Sousa filled an hour and a half of his presentation with nothing but lies and propaganda. He managed not to say a single word of truth about Ukraine, which is an achievement in itself. Every fact in his presentation was tendentiously selected and twisted, and whenever facts were not forthcoming, fake photo-shopped pictures were enough.
As you could expect, the gist of his presentation was to argue that Ukrainians are basically hitlers. The Ukrainian revolution, where over a hundred people were killed by the police, and which forced a corrupt government to escape to Russia, the country of their puppet-masters, was, to Mario Sousa, a Nazi coup. I wish he would tell the same in person to my friend, Ilya, a jazz musician, who spent entire days on the Kiev main square expecting a new police attack, rather than recording a new album. Or to my other friend, Helen, a PhD student in biology, who, together with her friends organized an outdoor kitchen, and almost every day volunteered to cook soup and tea for the protesters, in the freezing winter 2013-2014 in Kiev, putting aside her studies of Antarctic bacterial life.
To know the truth would be inconvenient for Mario Sousa, because that would ruin his world-picture, which he shared profusely with fellow communists and just curious citizens who found themselves in the lecture hall. Incidentally, there was very little mention of Russia in his presentation, almost none at all. It was not even Russia's fault that Crimea was invaded and attached to Russia. In his “opinion”, the whole Ukrainian turmoil was a conspiracy of Western security services together with Jewish oligarchs (did I mention that the presentation also contained a pinch of casual anti-Semitism)?
To call Ukrainians Nazis is the keystone of Russian war propaganda, on which it spends more than 1,5 billion dollars a year only abroad. The purpose of this dangerous lie is to de-humanize the Ukrainians. It might be a problem to kill Ukrainians even for Russian nationalists and mercenaries, thousands of which are now fighting against the Ukrainian army in the Russian-occupied Donbas region. It is easy to kill Nazis. It would be natural to support a people who, after they got rid of a bloody dictator, suffered an invasion and war, and are fighting a powerful imperialist country in an unequal battle, but it would be difficult to feel empathy for someone who is called a Nazi. Even if we don't really trust the source (who would trust the likes of Mario Sousa), we still think that the truth would be somewhere in the middle. Well, it is not. Sometimes the other argument is pure made-up outrageous lie whose purpose is to justify murder. This dangerous lie helps kill the Ukrainians. It is also an insulting to a nation that proportionally lost almost the greatest number of people fighting the German Nazism in the Second World War.
To clarify the matters, yes, as could be expected, there were all sorts of radicals taking part in the Ukrainian revolution; left-wing, right-wing, anarchists, punks and hippies, football fans and veterans of the Soviet Afghan war, who happened to be united by the same cause. However, radicals constituted a minority force in the events in Kiev, and had zero influence on politics after the revolution. Moreover, all political parties that were suspected in embracing nationalism subsequently lost the general elections.
(There were also groups of hired provocateurs, paid by former president and his friends, who tried to provoke clashes with the police, providing a justification of police brutality and posing with Nazi symbols for the cameramen of Russian state TV channels.)
On the 22nd of February Russia used a new weapon in its quest to destroy Ukraine. In addition to an already accomplished aggression in Crimea and an ongoing invasion of Donbas, it is now terrorism. A bomb planted in the snow exploded in the face of a peaceful demonstration. The explosion claimed four victims deaths already and many wounded who are now fighting for life: a university lecturer in physics, and a colonel of police died on the spot, an 18 year old student and a 15 year old kid died later in the hospital. If it was not for a car that passed nearby and shielded the crowd, the number of victims would have been much greater.
Shocking as this terror attack was (Ukraine had never experienced terrorism before), even more depressing were the comments from Russians on the social media. They rejoiced, gloated and congratulated the “partisans” for killing Ukrainian Nazis, deploring that the victims were too few. Assuming that those were real people behind the comments, one has to congratulate the Russian television: its work of dehumanizing the Ukrainians has been thoroughly accomplished. With one unintended consequence: while dehumanizing the others, they have dehumanized themselves.
Update: Eight people arrested in Spain for fighting at Russian side in Ukraine. They were left activists, and they went to fight in the colonialist aggressive war that Russian right-wing dictatorship is conducting in Ukraine. The propaganda works.
Advertisements
In the early 1950s, just as rock ‘n' roll was hinting at social change, the first video games were quietly being designed in the form of technology demonstrations—and a scientist was behind it. In October 1958, Brookhaven National Laboratory physicist William Higinbotham created Tennis for Two. Despite graphics that are ridiculously primitive by today's standards, it has been described as the first video game in history.
Higinbotham was inspired by the government research institution's Donner Model 30 analog computer, which could simulate trajectories with wind resistance, and the game was designed for display at an annual public exhibition. Although his purpose in creating the game was rather academic, Tennis for Two turned out to be a hit at the three-day exhibition, with thousands of students lining up to see the game.
At first glance, today's video gamers and scientists might appear to be worlds apart. But starting with Tennis for Two, video games have quietly and consistently been within the purview of academic study. Each generation of gamers has seen new titles created at various research institutions in order to explore programming, human-computer interaction, and algorithms. Lesser-known chapters of history reveal these two worlds are not as far apart as you might think.
From Spacewar! to Foldit
After Tennis for Two's success in the late 1950, computing technology rapidly improved over the next few years. As computers became smaller and faster, more people obtained access to them. As a result, programmers began to create games for nonacademic purposes, leading up to 1962 and the “birth” of Spacewar!, the first digital computer game available outside a research institute and created solely for entertainment purposes.
During the rest of the ‘60s and early ‘70s, numerous computer games were created, and ambitious programmers saw a profitable industry rise as the audience for video games grew. Meanwhile, the separation of academia from the video game industry was becoming more and more apparent. With the release of Space Invaders in 1978 and the introduction of vector display technology a year later, a golden age of arcade video games began, one that would reach its peak with the release of Pac-Man in 1980.
In the 1990s, as advanced video game consoles entered the homes of hundreds of millions of people worldwide, the breach between the scientific/academic world and the video game industry appeared to be deeper than ever before, and possibly permanent.
Academics looked at video games and showed that they can improve a gamer's creative thinking, teamwork skills, hand-eye coordination, problem-solving, and memory (although numerous scholars have also focused on what they perceive as gaming's negatives). But games didn't have any apparent real-world usefulness for anyone but the gamer. That's been changing in recent years, though, thanks to the release of online games that are not solely for entertainment purposes.
A key event driving the shift came in 2008 with the release of Foldit, a revolutionary online game that enables its players to contribute to significant scientific research. Foldit was developed as part of an experimental research project conducted by the University of Washington's Center for Game Science, in collaboration with the UW Department of Biochemistry. The Foldit website was crystal clear about the game's purpose:
Foldit attempts to predict the structure of a protein by taking advantage of humans' puzzle-solving intuitions and having people play competitively to fold the best proteins. Since proteins are part of so many diseases, they can also be part of the cure. Players can design brand-new proteins that could help prevent or treat important diseases.
In a virtual contest that pitted gamers against the best-known computer program designed for the task, gamers didn't fail to impress. Only two years after Foldit's release, more than 57,000 players were already providing useful results that matched or outperformed algorithmically computed solutions. In 2011, a team of Foldit gamers needed just 10 days to figure out the detailed molecular structure of an enzyme from an AIDS-like virus found in rhesus monkeys, a structure that had eluded experts for more than a decade.
In January 2012, Foldit gamers would accomplish the first crowdsourced redesign of a protein, an enzyme that catalyzed a reaction widely used in synthetic chemistry to synthesize everything from drugs to pesticides. Enzymes that catalyze Diels-Alder reactions have been elusive, so the achievement of Foldit gamers is significant.
An early version of that enzyme was made by a group of scientists including David Baker, a Ph.D. and protein research scientist at the University of Washington and founder of the Foldit project. They computationally designed the enzyme from scratch but soon discovered its potency wasn't all they'd hoped for. Foldit players re-engineered the enzyme by adding 13 amino acids, increasing its activity by more than 18 times. How did they manage such an incredible feat? Thanks to Foldit's gameplay, players could explore more radical changes to the protein than typical algorithms allow.
As Baker continued to look for useful targets to set Foldit players on, other researchers started to tap into the love some players have for games that solve complex scientific puzzles, people who would never have access to a lab under normal circumstances.
Listing image by Henrik Sorensen / Getty Images
Washington (CNN) There are two reasons why President Donald Trump fired James Comey, according to a source close to the now-former FBI director:
The official White House version of what happened is that deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , fresh on the job, wrote a memo expressing concern about the way Comey had handled the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
But mounting evidence suggests Comey was actually fired because of the Russian investigation.
Rosenstein, in his memo, faulted Comey for being unfair to Clinton when he announced his conclusion last July that the case against Clinton should be closed without prosecution. He also criticized Comey for holding a press conference in which he "Release(d) derogatory information about the subject of a declined criminal investigation."
The official version of the firing is that the President took the advice of the deputy attorney general, who ever since Attorney General Sessions' recusal, oversees the director of the FBI.
"This whole thing is very simple -- you're trying to make it very complex," White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said on CNN Tuesday morning. "This is a president who saw that the FBI director had lost the public confidence, the confidence of Republicans and Democrats."
JUST WATCHED Kellyanne Conway's heated New Day interview Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kellyanne Conway's heated New Day interview 19:24
But we know from his public statements that Trump does not share any of Rosenstein's concerns that Comey was unfair to Clinton. In fact, he faulted Comey for the opposite -- for not criminally charging Clinton.
In addition to that fact, Rosenstein's memo was dated May 9, Tuesday -- but White House officials tell CNN the president had been considering firing Comey since he took office, but most intensely for at least a week before Tuesday's fateful decision. Comey testified May 3 to the Senate Judiciary Committee about the Clinton email investigation and the Russia election investigation
If only there was some way for us to see what was on the President's mind in real time last week.
Oh right -- there's Twitter....
Let's take a look at the President's late-night tweetstorm of twitter May 2, just before Comey's testimony.
"FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony..."
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 3, 2017
"...Trump/russia story was an excuse used by the democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps trump just ran a great campaign?"
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 3, 2017
Moreover, the letter the President wrote to Comey firing him includes zero references to the Clinton investigation and one big one about the Russia investigation.
The White House does not seem to like any questions about this.
"You want to question the timing of when the President fires, when he hires. It's inappropriate," said Conway Wednesday. "He'll do it when he wants to, just like he fired FBI Director Comey when he was faced with evidence that was unignorable."
Except of course that evidence about how Comey had treated the Clinton investigation was quite ignorable for the President for more than three months after he took office or until he needed a reason to fire him.
One other point to be questioned has to do with the role of Sessions, who officially removed himself from the Russia investigation as it related to US political campaigns after it became clear he had not been forthcoming about his meetings during the presidential campaign with the Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak. Still, he cited his own ties to the Trump campaign as the reason for his recusal.
"I have now decided to recuse myself from any existing or future investigations of any matter relating in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States," Sessions said back in March.
Except that recusal oddly does not appear to have been in effect when Sessions forwarded the letter from his deputy, Rosenstein, to the President and separately called for Comey to be fired. And it is not in apparent effect now as we're told Sessions is leading the search Comey's replacement.
Climate change is one of the most prominent public health issues currently on the CDC's radar. The organization's Climate and Health Program attempts to help state and city health departments to prepare for the health impacts of climate change, which can come in the form of things like temperature extremes, air pollution, allergens, and changes in disease patterns; they can also be felt indirectly through issues like food security.
Are we seeing some of these effects already? Since 2012, California has been in the midst of a record-setting drought, with extremely warm and dry conditions characterizing the last three years in that state. A new paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences concludes that warming caused by humans is responsible for the conditions that have led to this California drought.
This study, published by scientists affiliated with the Department of Environmental Earth System Science and the Woods Institute for Environment at Stanford University, used historical statewide data for observed temperature, precipitation, and drought in California. The investigators used the Palmer Hydrological Drought Index (PHDI) and the Palmer Drought Severity Index (PDSI), collected by the National Climatic Data Center, as measures of the severity of wet/dry anomalies. They also used global climate model simulations from the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project (CMIP) to compare historical predictions for anthropogenic and non-anthropogenic historical climates.
The authors performed their analysis using an approach called bootstrapping. Bootstrapping techniques allow statisticians to utilize the same sample repeatedly to improve their estimates of specific effects. In this analysis, bootstrapping was used to compare the climate data with measures of populations from different time periods to allow for analysis of how changes in population are associated with different climate conditions.
This analysis found that the statewide warming in California occurs in climate models that include both natural and human factors, but not in simulations that only include natural factors. It's a difference with a very high (0.001) level of statistical significance.
In their discussion and conclusions, the investigators state that their results strongly suggest that anthropogenic (human-caused) warming has increased the probability of co-occurring temperature and precipitation conditions that have historically led to California's droughts. They also state that continued global warming is likely to lead to situations where every future dry period, whether it's seasonal, annual, or multiannual, will be accompanied by historically warm conditions.
This projected increase in dry/warm conditions may have serious impacts on human and natural systems. The authors posit that high temperatures during spring and autumn could deplete stores of snowpack and increase wildfire risk, severely affecting the state's ecology. They also hypothesize that increased dry periods will increase the risk of water shortages for humans and ecological systems and even raise the threat of species extinction due to drought.
This is one of a number of studies to have looked at California's drought, and they're coming to similar conclusions: historically it's not unusual for the state to have either warm or dry winters, but the recent drought is notable for having both at once. Figuring out precisely how likely that is, and how it relates to human emissions, is still an area of ongoing research. But as this study makes clear, the residents of the Golden State, human and otherwise, should be prepared for this to be a recurring problem.
PNAS, 2014. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1422385112 (About DOIs).
By PETRONELLA WYATT
Last updated at 21:06 18 April 2008
Tony Curtis, Hollywood legend and star of the Billy Wilder classic Some Like It Hot, is sitting on a balcony in London giving me a welcoming stare from underneath a Stetson hat.
Curtis - who had an affair with Marilyn Monroe, has been married five times, including to Hitchcock actress Janet Leigh, and, by his estimation, has slept with 1,000 women - attempts an unusual opening gambit.
Scroll down for more ...
Heart-throb: Tony Curtis alongside Marilyn Monroe in Some Like It Hot
Gripping my hand in his gnarled paw, he says: "It's such a relief to be sitting here with you - without feeling sexually aroused."
If Curtis wasn't 82 and recovering from a mild illness, I think I might slap him. "Don't get me wrong," he continues in that famous Bronx drawl, as thick as molasses, "I've been sick for most of my life, in my head.
"This showed itself in a lot of ways. I was insecure about women, so I wanted to go to bed with them all. I was insecure about being a poor Jewish boy (Curtis was born Bernie Schwartz, the son of a Hungarian immigrant tailor). I was insecure that Hollywood never gave me an Oscar."
His eyes, which are periwinkle blue - if a little rheumy - gaze directly into mine. "For the first time in my life, I think I am at ease. I just want to paint. I've painted since I was young and it's my passion." (Harrods is showing an exhibition of his work, which is heavily influenced by the Post-Impressionists.)
Then the man who makes Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg with his mere 30 lovers look like a choirboy, states: "I don't want any woman except my wife, Jill, and for the first time in my life it isn't just lust." Jill Vandenberg, whom he married in 1998, is a 6ft tall, voluptuous blonde 43 years his junior. She is hovering discreetly in the background.
Tony Curtis is a bundle of contradictions. He's a street-fighting boy from the Bronx, yet he hand-kisses like a count in an Austrian operetta. He speaks with candour about his private life, as if he were discussing the merits of smoked salmon versus cucumber sandwiches. "But you see," he explains, "it is only by being candid that I have been able to overcome the awful things in my life."
The dark-haired celluloid Apollo who became such a world-famous heart-throb that even Elvis Presley copied his black quiff, and female fans tore at his clothes, had an unpropitious start in life and has suffered genuine tragedies. He has overcome heroin addiction and the death of his eldest son, Nicholas, at 23, from a drugs overdose.
His remarkable story began in his father Emmanuel's tailor shop in New York. The young Curtis saw little of his impoverished male parent and was maltreated by his mother, Helen, who was a schizophrenic. "She beat me up. Hit me all the time. She didn't dare do that to my father, so it was me she struck. If I didn't finish my soup, she would throw me against the wall. She was crazy."
When Curtis was 12, his nine-year-old brother, Julius, was hit by a truck and he had to identify the body. "It was Hell. She didn't care."
I ask him if he has a sort of warped Oedipus complex. Did it affect his relationships with women, particularly his usually short-lived marriages? "I am Oedipus," he responds. "Of course it ruined my relations with women. I had - what is the word?" After a pause, he finds the correct word: "satyriasis", a compulsion to sleep with everything in a skirt.
He beams. "That's it. I was permanently aroused. Because of my mother, I didn't see women as people with intellects. All I wanted was big breasts and sex. I was trying to prove something. Then again, I was so good-looking."
Scroll down for more ...
Feeling old: 'It's such a relief to be sitting here with you - without feeling sexually aroused,' Curtis told Petronella Wyatt
While telling me about his anxieties, Curtis repeatedly reminds me how good-looking he was. After serving in the Navy in 1945, he was discovered by a New York talent agency and sent to Hollywood.
In 1948, aged 23, he was put under contract by Universal Pictures. "This is because I was the handsomest of all the boys," he confides, attempting an expression of modesty.
"I was resented and hated because I was so good-looking and Jewish. It's true. This is not paranoia." I look questioningly at him. "But Tony, weren't most of the studio heads, like Sam Goldwyn and Louis B Mayer, as well as directors like Billy Wilder, Jewish?"
"That made no difference. You had to pretend not to be. Then because the men found me too much of a competition sexually, they even started rumours I was homosexual. They put me in baggy trousers and made me go naked from the waist up like a girl." It is true. One particularly unsuitable piece of casting was to make him play the role of an English medieval knight in The Black Shield Of Falworth. Critics howled when he came out in sheer Bronxese with: "Yondda lies de cassle of my fuddah."
Film-goers, however, fell for his charms. If his looks and overall "package" were a hindrance to his being taken seriously, he managed to perform some extremely good acting in such films as the Sweet Smell Of Success and Trapeze (both with Burt Lancaster).
"You know something," says Curtis, who is suddenly shedding his insecurities, "I became a really good actor." He complains that the film industry never appreciated him and failed to give him an Oscar, preferring the "method-acting bulls**t".
He has a point. Curtis was able to segue from comedy as light and as perfect as a souffle into the rawest of anguish. When I tell him this he is ecstatic. He dips his Stetson in gratitude, showing a completely bald pate.
"I'm not wearing my toupee at the moment. Can't be bothered," he grins. "But I'm glad you appreciate me. I was more than just a guy who had two girls a day."
In 1951, Curtis married Janet Leigh. "She had a magnificent bosom," he muses. Although he says "women usually treated me badly", I point out that he could not have been an ideal husband. "Janet was unfaithful to me," he says. I venture he must have chased other women.
"Yes, I did," he replies in an off-hand way. "But only when, as with Janet, I couldn't take the lunacy at home any more."
And he claims that the prim Leigh, "who didn't really appreciate sex", tried to "turn me into her idea of a gentleman. She found me crude and clumsy, and then she went mad".
He then tells me a story astonishing for its frankness. One night, he was watching her sit at her dressing table. She had a bottle of sleeping pills in her hand. "She took all 14 pills out and started popping them in her mouth. I hit her really hard on the back so they all flew out of her. Then I knew the marriage was over."
The couple had a daughter, the actress Jamie Lee Curtis. Curtis concedes in a melancholy way that he was a neglectful father. "I feel Jamie doesn't love me, maybe because I couldn't stand to be around the house any more."
After leaving Leigh, he married the German starlet Christine Kaufmann in 1963. It lasted three years. "She was anti-Semitic. I worry about that. I think that because of the Iraq war, anti-Semitism is on the increase again." He pauses. "But I don't get involved in politics."
He then wed Leslie Allen, a model, before absconding with a teacher, Lisa Deutsch (they divorced in 1994). Then tragedy struck when Nicholas, his son by Allen, died of a heroin overdose.
"You never get over that," he mumbles. "The death of a child. No. Can't talk about it." He squeezes my hand as if seeking silent reassurance.
Curtis had been dabbling with drugs himself. In 1973, he was busted for marijuana possession and then went on to harder narcotics, as his film career faded. "I could have killed myself," he recalls.
He went to the Betty Ford Centre and then took whatever film parts were available, consoling himself by painting. (His pictures fetch up to £8,000 a canvas.)
He had much to console himself about. He played roles in farces as Tarzan In Manhattan and Lobster Man From Mars. "Did you play the lobster or the man?" I ask. He grins.
"Yeah, they were pretty bad. But in those days, before Jill and full-time painting, I wanted to act - in anything. I look back at the great films I did and am happy with that."
Curtis will always be associated most with the cross-dressing Billy Wilder masterpiece Some Like It Hot, which co-starred Marilyn Monroe. After filming that, he said, on being asked what it was like to kiss Monroe: "It was like kissing Hitler." This sentence has become part of movie lore.
Today, he says: "I said it as a joke. I mean, it was such a darn stupid question, so I gave a stupid answer."
Monroe and Curtis also had a history. When they were both struggling in Hollywood in the early Fifties, the two became lovers. Their brief liaison is described by Curtis with unabashed detail.
"She found it hard to reach orgasm. We were both inexperienced, 22 or something. It was a messy business." When they worked on Some Like It Hot, he says she had "gone funny. Her mind was all over the place. She had lost confidence".
In one scene, Curtis and Monroe romance each other on the sofa of a yacht. "It was awful," he says. "She nearly choked me to death by deliberately sticking her tongue down my throat into my windpipe."
In the film, Curtis parodied the voice of his idol and friend Cary Grant, while pretending to be an eligible millionaire. It was a brilliant piece of acting. "I was really proud of that," he says.
"They are all dead now. Cary, Jack Lemmon, Sinatra, all my Hollywood friends. Sometimes I feel so lonely."
Today, he lives with Jill, who rescues horses, in Las Vegas, disdaining modern Hollywood and its "so-called stars".
"Actors today achieve nothing," he sighs. "Nor do they have any glamour. They seem more interested in adopting babies than films. All the films are terrible, too, because the scripts are so bad and there are no decent film-makers. So I stick to Jill and my paintings."
Curtis met Jill in a restaurant. She has short blonde hair and a very generous figure. "But this time it's not about her body," Curtis tells me. "It's about talking, communicating."
So the two-girl-a-day man has lost all interest in the hurly-burly of the chaise longue? "If the urge comes, it comes. But you know, it's a relief that it doesn't bother me any more. I finally feel free. Sitting here now, I am so content."
The last heartthrob from Hollywood's Golden Age smiles and borrows a line from Sunset Boulevard: "And when my time comes, I'm ready for my close-up, Mr De Mille."
Forest land is seen along Sauk Creek looking northeast in Belgium on Wednesday. Landowners would be allowed to keep the public off more of their forest property while still getting a tax break, under a bill introduced by two Republican legislators. Credit: Mike De Sisti
By of the
Landowners would be allowed to keep the public off more of their forest property while still getting a tax break, under a bill introduced by two Republican legislators.
The state's 3.3 million-acre Managed Forest Law gives property tax reductions to owners of forestland who agree to adopt a plan to periodically log timber from the land.
In exchange for paying lower property taxes, the owners now must keep the land in timber and allow citizens to use the land for hunting, fishing, hiking, sightseeing and other recreational uses.
The law currently allows landowners to set aside up to 160 acres for private use. The 1985 law was aimed at encouraging commercial timber production, protecting habitat and increasing opportunities for outdoor recreation.
One of the bill's authors said the proposal helps address loopholes in the law and helps encourage timber production on private land. But skeptics question whether the bill gives landowners a benefit while relieving them of part of their obligations to sportsmen and the public.
A bill by Sen. Tom Tiffany (R-Hazelhurst) and Rep. Jeff Mursau (R-Crivitz) would lift the 160-acre cap and allow property owners on nonindustrial timber land to restrict all public access.
Under the law, the owners don't get as big of a tax cut on their properties if they close those forests to the public. But their tax bill would still be sharply lower than land not enrolled in the program.
In the most recent available year, landowners paid a statewide average of $42.70 per acre of productive forest that was not in the program.
For land enrolled in the program since 2005, owners pay only $2.14 in taxes per acre of forestland if they keep that property open to the public. For each acre they enroll but keep closed to the public, they pay $10.68 per acre on that parcel, according to the DNR.
Thus, owners of 1,000 acres enrolled in the program but closed to the public would pay $10,680 in property taxes, compared with $42,700 in taxes on that property if they were charged the average tax for forestland outside the program.
Those same 1,000 acres would have an annual property tax bill of $2,140 if the land were enrolled in the program and kept open to the public.
Under the bill, while the 160-acre cap would be removed, the amount of the tax breaks would not change.
Of all acreage under the law, 2.2 million acres, or 67%, are closed to the public; and 1.1 million acres, or 33%, are open, according to figures provided by the DNR.
In 2012, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported in "Hidden Hunting Land" that some land can be difficult to find, and in some cases owners had carved out islands of open land that were essentially off limits because they were surrounded by closed land.
Tiffany said he proposed the bill because some landowners have already found a loophole to get around the law by breaking larger tracts into many 160-acre pieces that are each owned by a separation corporation, which then closes off each parcel.
The senator noted that the Wisconsin Council on Forestry in 2013 recommended the change to address this "gerrymandering" of some parcels.
The council made its recommendation "hesitantly," an online report from the council shows, noting members agreed there is value to opening land and "as such recognizes the conflict with this and the proposed modification."
Tiffany and Mursau are moving quickly on the measure and asked fellow legislators to sign on as co-sponsors by Thursday at 4 p.m.
Questions raised
Former Natural Resources Board member David Clausen raised questions about the bill, even though he sees merit in keeping some land closed to the public under the law.
Clausen said the change would appear to favor wealthy landowners willing to pay more to keep land closed while still seeing a benefit on their tax bill.
"I really don't like large landowners getting a tax break and then maintaining it as their private domain," said Clausen, who was appointed to the board by former Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle.
Clausen owns three tracts of forestland in Polk County under the Managed Forest Law. He pays the higher tax rate to keep about two-thirds of his land closed.
The reason: "Some people are less than ideal stewards," said Clausen who has found litter, cans and screws drilled into trees from those using the land.
Another former DNR board member questioned why the change is needed.
"MFL has been a historic bargain," said John "Duke" Welter of Viroqua, noting its value as productive timberland and a source of land for public use.
"It's a trade-off that has worked well for decades," said Welter, also a Doyle appointee.
Earlier changes
Tiffany said he believed many property owners will continue to keep their land open to the public to qualify for the lowest possible property tax rate. Most property owners that want to restrict their land from public use have already done so, he argued.
The northern Wisconsin senator earlier sponsored a change in state law that shut off access to managed forestland that was the site of a proposed iron ore mine. Protesters at the site committed acts of vandalism, prompting Republican legislators to carve out special language that restricted access.
Also, Tiffany added language to the budget bill last summer that could mean adding more logging on nearly 37,500 acres of state forests.
"More wood, less red tape — that's the theme this year," Tiffany said.
The DNR declined to comment, with spokesman Jim Dick saying the agency's practice is not to comment on pending legislation.
The change comes three years after Gov. Scott Walker and legislators from both parties directed the DNR to improve access to such land after the 2012 report by the Journal Sentinel.
An investigation by the paper showed that despite millions of dollars in tax breaks for owners of the land, properties can be hard for the general public to locate and reach.
The Journal Sentinel released its own interactive guide in September 2012 to finding managed forest land that was open to the public. The DNR then developed and released its own guide.
